["Dr. Emil Hobbes  is conducting unorthodox experiments with parasites for use in transplants, however, he believes that humanity has become over-rational and lost contact with its flesh and its instincts, so the effects of the organism he actually develops is a combination of aphrodisiac and venereal disease. Once implanted, it causes uncontrollable sexual desire in the host. Hobbes implants the parasites in his teen-aged mistress, who promiscuously spreads them throughout the ultra-modern apartment building, outside Montreal, where they live. The community's resident physician, Roger St. Luc , and his assistant, Nurse Forsythe  attempt to stop the parasite infestation before it overwhelms the city's population."] ['Arthur Kirkland  is a hotheaded but idealistic young defense attorney in Baltimore. As the film opens, he is in jail on a charge of contempt of court for having thrown a punch at judge Henry T. Fleming  while arguing the case of an innocent defendant, Jeff McCullaugh . McCullaugh was stopped for a minor traffic offense, but then mistaken for a killer of the same name and convicted. He has already endured year and a half in jail, as Kirkland continues his efforts to have the case reviewed against Fleming\'s resistance. Though there is strong new evidence that the convicted man was innocent, Judge Fleming refused Kirkland\'s appeal due to a minor technicality and leaves McCullaugh in prison. Kirkland takes another case, that of meek, gentle transgender Ralph Agee , who is guilty of a small crime and becomes a victim of the legal system. Kirkland also pays regular nursing home visits to his beloved Grandfather Sam , who is becoming senile. It is revealed that Arthur was abandoned by his parents at a young age and it was Sam who raised him and put him through law school. Arthur also begins a romance with a legal ethics committee member, Gail Packer . One day, Kirkland is shocked to find himself requested to defend Judge Fleming, who to everyone\'s surprise has been accused of rape. The two loathe each other, but Fleming feels everyone will believe he is innocent if the person publicly known to hate him also argues his innocence. Fleming uses blackmail, telling Kirkland an old violation of lawyer-client confidentiality will be reviewed by the ethics committee and Arthur likely will be disbarred if he refuses to represent Fleming. Gail confirms this off the record. An eccentric judge named Rayford , who has a friendly relationship with Kirkland, takes him for a hair-raising ride in his personal Bell 47 helicopter over the harbor and Fort McHenry, laughing as he tests how far they can possibly go without running out of fuel, while Arthur, his terrified passenger, begs him to land the helicopter immediately. Rayford, a veteran of the Korean War, is possibly suicidal, and keeps a rifle in his chambers at the courthouse, a 1911 pistol in his shoulder holster at all times and eats his lunch out on the ledge outside his window, four stories up. Kirkland\'s friend and partner, Jay Porter , is also unstable. He feels guilt from gaining acquittals for defendants who were truly guilty of violent crimes and goes berserk when one commits another murder. After a breakdown at the courthouse, Jay is taken to a hospital accompanied by Kirkland. Before leaving in the ambulance, a distracted Arthur calls on another lawyer friend, Warren Fresnell , to handle Ralph\'s court hearing in his absence. Arthur gives Warren a corrected version of Ralph\'s probation report, and stresses the fact that Warren must show the corrections to the judge so that Ralph will get probation rather than being sent to jail. Unfortunately, Warren forgets to appear on time, fails to show the judge the corrected report, and Ralph is sentenced to jail where he commits suicide through hanging off-screen. Kirkland is livid, and attacks Warren\'s car with his briefcase in retaliation and to get his attention. Warren argues that Ralph\'s trial was nothing but "nickels and dimes" and beneath him, before Kirkland sternly reminds him "they\'re people" and then informing of Ralph\'s suicide . His other client, McCullaugh, abused by fellow prisoners , snaps one day and takes two hostages. Arthur pleads with him to surrender, promising to get him out, but the police shoot and kill McCullaugh after he stands up, providing a shot for a police sharpshooter, as Arthur looks on in horror. A clearly disturbed Kirkland takes on Judge Fleming\'s case, which Judge Rayford and a jury will hear in court. Arthur acquires evidence from another client, Carl, incriminating photographs that show Fleming in BDSM acts with a prostitute. Gail warns him not to betray a client. He shows the pictures to Fleming, who then freely admits that he is guilty of the rape. Disgusted with his situation, Kirkland goes to trial. Fleming makes a sleazy remark to Kirkland about wanting to rape the victim again, which finally pushes Kirkland to the breaking point. In his opening statement, Arthur begins by mocking the case of the prosecuting attorney  while speaking of the ultimate objective of the American legal system. He appears to be making a strong case to exonerate Fleming. But unexpectedly, he bursts out and says that prosecution is not going to get Fleming, because he is going to get him. Kirkland tells the jury, "My client, The Honorable Henry T. Fleming, should go right to fucking jail! The son of a bitch is guilty!" The courtroom erupts and the presiding judge Rayford, the prosecution, and the others in the court room are enraged and flabbergasted at the turn of events, including Gail. The judge calls Kirkland "out of order," bangs his gavel to bring the court to order. Arthur replies, "You\'re out of order! You\'re out of order! The whole trial\'s out of order!" Arthur is dragged away, continuing to shout his rage all the way out the door and to criticize Fleming for his and the legal system\'s abuse of law and order that cost the lives of his two clients and let true criminals like Fleming go free to commit more crimes. As the courtroom spectators cheer for Arthur, Fleming sits down in defeat, and a fed-up Rayford walks out of his stand. In the end, Kirkland sits on the court\'s steps, all by himself, weary from his breakdown but satisfied, knowing his antics probably cost him his practice and career in law, but will presumably finally put Fleming in jail. His partner Jay, just released from the mental hospital, climbs up the long steps, tipping his toupee like a hat and greets him with a friendly "Hi, Arthur" and walks away and inside the court building.'] ['After the mayor of the fictional village San Pedro de los Saguaros is lynched by angry villagers, a petty PRI party member named Juan Vargas  is appointed temporary mayor by the state governor. At first the new mayor attempts to do good but a lack of funds cripples his efforts, and the bribe of a brothel owner sets him on the path to corruption. Seeking help from his superior, the secretary to the PRI governor, he is given a copy of the constitution of Mexico and a revolver and is told that the only law is Herod\'s law: literally translated: "either you get fucked or you get buggered." . When Vargas thus has become the executive, legislature and judiciary of the village all in one person he soon becomes corrupt, first accepting a bribe from brothel owner Doña Lupe, and soon moving on to extort all of the villagers. When questioned, he declares that he is funding a new project to bring electricity to the village - a farce which is revealed when only one utility pole is raised. Vargas becomes progressively more corrupt, levying false accusations against the local doctor (an obstreperous [[National Action Party , and killing Doña Lupe after she resists his authoritarianism. Vargas seems to meet his demise when he is surrounded by a crowd of torch-wielding villagers, but reappears at the very end of the film delivering a speech to the Mexican National Congress. As Vargas says in his speech that the PRI must stay in power forever, the film cuts to the scene of a new mayor coming to San Pedro de los Saguaros in exactly the same way that Vargas did.'] ["It is 1982 and Lizzie Borden High School is host to the tenth-year reunion of the class of 1972. Their fun is murderously interrupted by the psychotic Walter Baylor who bears a grudge against his former classmates for a prank committed against him ten years ago. The motley crew of '72 set out to uncover who amongst them is committing the killings."] ["Miles Campbell, recent graduate of a Christian divinity university, arrives in Salem, Massachusetts to become the local parson's assistant. He meets with his childhood sweetheart, baker Sara Lee, and plans to marry her. Meanwhile, greedy Judge Samuel John arrives to meet with idiotic Mayor Upton to discuss plans for a  Mall for Salem. To acquire the necessary real estate they hatch a scheme to accuse certain villagers of witchcraft. When the accused are tried, convicted and burned, their land can be confiscated. The plan is succeeding, as the villagers, egged on by the parson's shrewish mother, enthusiastically accept the Judge's message. Then saucy Faith Stewart  arrives from London for Thanksgiving with her cousins. Faith falls for Miles and accuses Sara of witchcraft. Miles must prove Sara's innocence before she is burned at the stake."] ['The film is set in late 1980s Moscow. Standing right in the city centre on Kalinin Prospekt, a barefoot man dressed in a tattered coat appeals to anyone with a strange request: "Tell me the number of your planet in the tenture? Or least the number of your galaxy in the spiral?". Random passers-by, two Soviet citizens previously unknown to each other ("Uncle Vova", a gruff construction foreman from Moscow Vladimir Mashkov, and "The Fiddler", a student from [[Georgia , start a conversation with him, during which the stranger shows them the alien teleportation device - "traveller". The foreman Mashkov holds out his hand to the device and, despite the stranger\'s warnings, clicks on a randomly-selected toolbar button. Suddenly the "Uncle Vova" and "Fiddler" find themselves alone on the desert planet "Pluke" in the "Kin-dza-dza" galaxy. From that point on, the movie describes their long quest to find a way back home. The natives of the planet appear human, with deceptively primitive-looking technology and a barbaric culture, which satirically resembles that of humans. They are telepathic; the only spoken words normally used in their culture are “ku”  and “kyu” , the latter being a swear word. However, the Plukanians are able to quickly adapt to understand and speak Russian . The society of Pluke is divided into two categories: Chatlanians and Patsaks. Chatlanians are privileged, and a system of rituals must be followed by the Patsaks to show flattery. The basis of their difference is unexplainable , and for all practical matters they are distinguished with aid of a small handheld device . It is also noted that the social differences between Patsaks and Chatlanians are not constant: Pluke being a Chatlanian planet, they are privileged there; but there are Patsak planets where Patsaks hold the upper hand and Chatlanians are subservient. Wef and Bi switch their social roles immediately and without any problems when visiting one such planet. The only group empowered to use weapons  and enforce their will is the ecilops . The nominal leader of the Plukanian society is named PG; everybody makes their best to display fervent worship to him and disrespect is severely punished; but, when encountered in person, PG appears harmless and dumb. The fuel of Pluke is called lutz and is made from water. All naturally present water has apparently been processed into lutz, so drinking water is a valuable commodity . A good deal of the plot is based on the fact that ordinary wooden matchsticks   are considered to be extremely valuable on Pluke. After finally returning to Earth, Mashkov and Gedevan are going through the same thing as in the beginning, but none of them remember what happened. They are standing at the same place that they first met, and a passing tractor with an orange flashing light reminds them the ecilops. They both reflexively squat and say, "ku!". Afterwards, they still recognize each other. The "Uncle Vova" looks at the sky, from which came the sound of a song performed by Wef and Bi.'] ["Wally Sparks  is the host of a sleazy tabloid-style TV talk show who makes Jerry Springer seem gentle by comparison. His show has become so foul that he's alienated his not-especially-discriminating viewers, and his ratings are taking a nosedive. Lenny Spencer , head of the network carrying his show, gives Wally an ultimatum—he has a week to clean up the content and boost his ratings, or his show gets cancelled. Wally's producer Sandy Gallo  comes up with an idea—Floyd Preston  is the governor of Georgia and a staunch conservative known for his attacks on the lowbrow content of Wally's show, so what better way to demonstrate that Wally is trying to change his ways than having Preston on as a guest? In order to persuade Preston to appear, Wally attends a reception at the Governor's mansion, where he makes the mistake of getting in a drunken game of strip poker with Preston's wife Emily  while somehow involving himself in a plot to blackmail the Governor. And the complications keep coming when Wally's son, Dean, begins a romantic relationship with the Governor's daughter."] ['Attorney Harold Fine  is set to marry his longtime girlfriend Joyce, but is having deep second thoughts. He encounters his brother, a hippie living in Venice Beach, and falls for an attractive flower power hippie girl  who has a knack for making pot brownies. Harold ends up running out of his wedding to live with the hippie girl and attempts to find himself as well with the aid of a guru.'] ['"Rainbow Randolph" Smiley , a happily corrupt children\'s television host, is disgraced by an FBI sting for ripping off parents who want their kids on the show. He is replaced by the "squeaky clean" Sheldon Mopes  and his character, Smoochy the Rhino. Mopes is uniquely sincere and thoroughly interested in providing quality child edutainment but is seen by the network as nothing but a substitute for Randolph and they immediately implement a full line of theme-related products based on Smoochy in order to reap the tremendous commercial benefits of what has quickly become a tremendously popular kids show. Randolph finds himself unemployed, homeless, and outcast from the television industry by his two-faced associate Marion Stokes . In an effort to return to the spotlight, Randolph hatches several schemes to bring down Mopes in hopes of reclaiming his time slot, including planting phallic-shaped cookies into a live taping of the Smoochy show. Mopes quickly finds himself losing creative control over his show to his hardened producer Nora Wells . With the help of his new agent Burke Bennett , Mopes renegotiates his contract and is named executive producer. He is approached by Irish mob boss Tommy Cotter , who wants Mopes to create a spot on his show for her cousin Spinner , a former boxer whose numerous head injuries have left him with severe brain damage. Sheldon reluctantly adds Spinner to the show, first as a cowbell-wielding game warden, and later on as Smoochy\'s cousin Moochy. Rainbow Randolph sets a scheme to destroy Mopes\'s career and regain his show too. but both fail. Mopes becomes enraged to learn that Burke signed him up to star in a Smoochy ice show; he feels that the event will exploit children. Burke and Merv Green , the heads of the corrupt charity running the ice show, unsuccessfully warn Mopes from backing out of the event. Soon afterward, a disguised Randolph dupes Mopes into doing a Smoochy act at a neo-Nazi rally that is raided by the police. Smoochy is labeled a racist and fired. However, when Randolph accidentally lets it slip to Nora that he framed Smoochy, he is arrested. Smoochy\'s reputation and show are restored. After telling him that his show is back on the air, Nora kisses Mopes and has sex with him, starting a relationship. Smoochy commits to the ice show. He decides that all proceeds will go to the drug rehab clinic he used to work at, which was closed due to lack of funding; the kids will be given free souvenirs and healthful snacks. Burke and Green retaliate by plotting to kill Mopes and hire a new host who will cooperate with their profit skimming. However, Green and his men accidentally kill Spinner in his Moochy costume; they are discovered and killed by Cotter. Meanwhile, Randolph corners Mopes and Nora in their penthouse and threatens to kill them. They talk him down and discover that he\'s depressed and genuinely misses entertaining children. An empathetic Mopes offers to let Randolph stay in the penthouse until he recovers. Burke and Stokes hire heroin addict Buggy Ding Dong , another former host, to assassinate Mopes during his ice show. Buggy steals a backstage pass to get inside. However, Randolph, who has been summoned to the ice show, tackles Buggy just as he tries to shoot Mopes from the rafters. Randolph and Buggy struggle for the sniper rifle, until Buggy falls to his death. After Mopes realizes that Burke and Stokes set him up, he chases after Burke into an alley. He pulls a gun and threatens to kill Burke, but Cotter and her men arrive and persuade him to stop. The movie ends with Smoochy and Rainbow Randolph launching a new show together.'] ['Ezekiel Cobb, a naive young man raised by missionaries in China, is sent to the United States to seek a wife. He is promptly enlisted by the corrupt political machine of the fictional city of Stockport, led by the corrupt boss Jake Mayo ([[George Barbier  to run for mayor as phony "reform" politician. He is expected to be the "cat\'s paw" of the political machine. Cobb unexpectedly takes his job seriously. Frequently quoting Chinese poet “Ling Po” , he embarks on a campaign to clean his town of its corrupt political machine. Fighting back, the corrupt politicians frame Cobb. He turns the table on them, however, by enlisting the help of his friends in the local Chinese community, who help him kidnap the corrupt politicians and their hoodlum backers, detaining them in the "cellar of Tien Wang." He tells them that since his attempts to use western methods has not worked, he is going to use the methods of the ancient Chinese: either they confess or they will be executed. They take a man into a back room – everyone says it’s a bluff, but then the man screams in terror and a moment later his decapitated body is brought out with his head set on top of his chest. When the second man is taken to the back room, it is shown that Cobb has enlisted the help of The Great Chang a famous Chinese magician on his first American tour, and that they are using his tricks to fake the executions. This tactic works, and Mayo decides to throw his support to Cobb after all. The town is swept of its corruption and Cobb, with the support of local girl Petunia Pratt , abandons plans to return to China and stays in the U.S. to fight corruption in his town. But his new wife insists on him returning to China.'] ['Les Carabiniers  tells the story of two poor men called to serve in battle, lured by promises of the world’s riches. Ulysses  and Michelangelo  receive letters from the king of their fictional country that allow them to have complete freedom from consequence while fighting in the war, in return for anything they desire —swimming pools, Maseratis, women— at the enemy’s expense. Their wives, Venus and Cleopatra  encourage them to fight when they hear about the riches. They leave and cross the battlefields and villages, destroying and pillaging as they wish. The pair’s exploits are recounted through postcards sent to their wives, telling tales of the horrors of battle. The previously idealistic idea that the men have of war disintegrates, as they are still poor and now wounded. They return home with a suitcase full of postcards of the splendors of the world that they have fought for, and are told by army officials that they must wait until the war ends to receive their pay. One day, the sky explodes with sparks, and the couples race into town, believing that the war has ended. Ulysses and Michelangelo are informed by their superiors that their king has lost the war, and that all of the war criminals must be punished. The two men are then shot for their crimes.'] ['Toby and Les meet when Toby interrupts a crowd of paparazzi waiting to take pictures of a modern-age diva who goes by the name of K\'harma Leeds . Les requests that Toby go get coffee for himself and two of his colleagues. On his way back with coffee, Toby is stopped by K\'harma\'s agents from the inside of a building and asked to see if the photographers are looking. After the photographers look away, the agents guide K\'harma past Toby towards a car. The photographers catch on and rush towards the car, colliding with Toby and spilling some coffee. Later that night, Toby approaches Les outside his apartment, scaring him. He claims that he was bringing his change back from the coffee, but eventually asks to stay with him that night, saying that he is really cold and doesn\'t have a place to stay. The next day, Toby offers to be his assistant for free, which Les accepts. Later that night, after being thrown out of a party, Les and Toby overhear a celebrity\'s agent talking about where his client is getting surgery done on his penis. Toby writes down the address, and they show up there the next day. After waiting for quite some time, Les gets a shot of the celebrity, referring to it as "the shot heard \'round the world", although he only gets $700 for it. Les offers to take Toby\'s headshots free of charge to help him start out his dream of being an actor. Eventually, their partnership begins to wear thin after K\'harma takes Toby backstage without Les, angering the latter. The next day, at Les\' apartment, Toby gets a call from K\'harma, who invites him to her birthday party. Toby agrees on the condition that he can bring Les along, making it up to him. At the party, however, even after agreeing not to do so, Les takes pictures of K\'harma with Elvis Costello, getting him and Toby thrown out. Toby is extremely angry at Les, who feigns dropping his camera\'s memory card into a cup of coffee  and offers to print up Toby\'s headshots and show them to a few people. The next day, Toby says his stomach hurts and that he cannot go with Les. After he leaves, Toby tries to leave after him only to find that Les has locked him in. He then walks into Les\' room and gets on his computer, discovering the pictures of K\'harma and Elvis Costello on it. Feeling betrayed, Toby escapes by way of unhinging the apartment door. Later, we see Toby walking through the park, seemingly homeless again, until a couple nears him. He runs up to the man, and stabs him in the stomach. The woman tries to talk him out of killing her, but forgets her line. A bell rings, and it is revealed that the park is a film set, and Toby is the lead character. Les repeatedly tries to talk to Toby by calling Toby\'s agent until Toby finally speaks to him. Les offers to apologize over coffee, but Toby declines. Soon, Toby professes his love for K\'harma on film, which skyrockets his popularity. A jealous Les soon finds a vintage camera in his apartment, which his father gave to him. The camera is actually a hidden gun, and he resolves to murder Toby with it. At the premiere of Toby\'s latest film, he walks down the red carpet with K\'harma. Les shows up, and raises the camera, getting ready to shoot him, but then sees him kissing K\'harma, and stops. As he is trying to leave the crowd, Toby sees him and asks him to come back. They shake hands, and Les takes his picture up close. Les tells Toby to go, and Toby walks down the red carpet into the premiere. Les, although disappointed that he is still an unknown photographer, is proud of Toby\'s fame. After the credits, Les is shown on a Hollywood talk show discussing his picture of Toby, which the interviewer refers to as "the shot heard \'round the world", surprising Les greatly.'] ["Krishnan is an out-of-work seasonal farmer who is driven to steal coconuts from his landlord to support his family. When he is caught and imprisoned, he is shocked to learn that he has been charged with the murder of a man who has been missing from the island for many years. But since it was an election time, and the most popular platform for politicians had become capital punishment, Krishnan is sentenced to death in the country's newest technology - electrocution by the electric chair."] ['Peter "Junior" Potter  has graduated from Harvard and now heads west to the town of Sawbuck Pass to claim his Daddy\'s fortune. When he gets there, Junior discovers to his horror that practically everyone in town claims to be owed a debt and that his father\'s treasure chest is empty. Junior stalls the townfolk for as long as he can. He makes the acquaintance of a singing cowboy named Roy  and a sexy saloon performer with the masculine name of Mike , who has to fend off Junior\'s persistent advances. A mysterious masked bandit known only as "The Torch" has been leading midnight raids, meanwhile. What the wise-cracking, clueless Junior doesn\'t know is that the object of his affections, Mike, is in fact The Torch, and that Roy is a government agent with a Smith and Wesson Model 320 Revolving Rifle hidden in his guitar case, bent on capturing her.'] ['Rachel Phelps, a former Las Vegas showgirl, has inherited the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her deceased husband. She wants to move the team to the warmer climate of Miami. In order to do this, she must reduce the season\'s attendance at Cleveland Stadium to under 800,000 tickets sold, which will trigger an escape clause in the team\'s lease with the city of Cleveland. After she moves the team, she would also be able to release all the current players and replace them with new ones. She instructs her new General Manager Charlie Donovan to hire the worst team possible from a list she has already prepared. The list includes veteran catcher Jake Taylor, who has problems with his knees, and was last playing in Mexico; incarcerated pitcher Ricky Vaughn; power-hitting outfielder Pedro Cerrano, who practices voodoo to try to help him hit curve balls; veteran pitcher Eddie Harris, who no longer has a strong throwing arm and is forced to doctor his pitches; and third baseman Roger Dorn, a one-time star who is under contract but has become a high-priced prima donna. As manager Phelps hires Lou Brown, a career minor league manager of the Toledo Mud Hens who works in the offseason as a tire salesman. At spring training in Tucson, Arizona, the brash but speedy center fielder Willie "Mays" Hayes crashes camp uninvited, but is invited to join the team after displaying his running speed. Spring training reveals several problems with the new players. Vaughn has an incredible fastball but lacks control. Hayes is able to run the bases quickly but hits only pop flies, and Cerrano, despite his tremendous power, cannot hit a curveball. The veterans have their own problems: Dorn refuses to aggressively field ground balls, afraid that potential injuries will damage his upcoming contract negotiations, and it becomes clear that Taylor\'s bad knees will be a season-long concern. On the final day, when Brown is to cut the team down to 25 players, Dorn plays a practical joke on Vaughn, making him believe he was cut, resulting in a locker-room brawl. After the team returns to Cleveland for their opening game, Taylor takes Vaughn and Hayes out to dinner but comes across his ex-girlfriend Lynn, who is dining with her current beau. Taylor believes he can try to win her back by proclaiming that he has a major league job again, but is disappointed to hear that she is already engaged. The Indians\' season starts off poorly with Vaughn\'s initial pitching appearances ending in disaster, his wild pitches earning him the derogatory title "Wild Thing." On a rare occasion when Vaughn does throw one for a strike, it is hit well over 400 feet by the New York Yankees\' best hitter, Clu Haywood. Brown discovers that Vaughn\'s eyesight is poor, and after Vaughn is given glasses he becomes very accurate. "Wild Thing" remains Vaughn\'s nickname, and he becomes the team\'s ace. The team begins winning and is able to bring their win-loss percentage to .400. Phelps realizes this is not bad enough to stall attendance and decides to demoralize the team further by removing luxuries, such as replacing their team jet airplane with a dilapidated prop-plane, later replacing that with a bus. However, these changes do not affect the Indians\' performance and the team continues to improve. Donovan reveals Phelps\' plan to Brown who then relays the same news to the players, telling them that if the team plays too well for Phelps to void the lease, she will bring in worse players in the offseason who will. Taylor says that, since they have nothing to lose, the team should get back at Phelps by winning the pennant. Brown gives the team an incentive by removing one portion of a dress on a cardboard cut-out photo of Phelps taken during her showgirl days for every win the team achieves. The team plays very well down the stretch of the season, and eventually clinch a tie for the division by beating the Chicago White Sox on the last day of the season. This forces a one-game playoff with the division\'s co-leaders, the Yankees. Prior to the playoff, Taylor continues to try to woo Lynn back and they share a night together. Vaughn learns that he will not be the starting pitcher for the game and goes to a bar to mope, where he encounters Suzanne Dorn. On the television broadcast of the Indians\' victory party, Suzanne had seen her husband leave the team\'s hotel lobby with another woman; she retaliates by luring Vaughn to sleep with her. Vaughn is unaware of who she is until she tells him when she leaves Vaughn and Taylor\'s shared apartment. Taylor advises Vaughn to keep his distance from Dorn for most of the game by staying in the bullpen. The game remains scoreless until the seventh inning when Harris gives up two runs. Cerrano comes to the plate in the bottom of the seventh and misses badly on two curveballs. He angrily threatens his voodoo god Jo-bu and proclaims "If you not help me now. I say Fuck you Jo-Bu, I do it myself," then hits a two-run home run off a curveball on the next pitch to tie the game.  In the top of the ninth, the Yankees are able to load the bases for the power-hitting Clu Haywood, and Vaughn is called in to relieve Harris with the crowd going crazy. Vaughn and Taylor are concerned when Dorn comes over to the pitcher\'s mound, but he only urges Vaughn to strike the next batter out. While Taylor taunts Haywood from behind home plate, Vaughn strikes out his nemesis on three straight fastballs to end the inning. With two outs in the bottom of the ninth, Hayes manages to single to first and subsequently steals second. Taylor is next to bat, and after signaling back and forth with Brown, points to the bleachers, calling his shot. However, Taylor bunts instead, catching the Yankees infield off-guard. Despite his weak knees, Taylor gets to first base. Instead of stopping, Hayes rounds third and heads for home plate, catching the Yankees off-guard again. Hayes slides safely into home, giving the Indians the win on a walk-off single. As the team celebrates, Dorn punches Vaughn in the face but then helps him up to continue the celebration. Jake finds Lynn in the stands, who raises her left hand to show that she is no longer wearing an engagement ring.'] ['In a small Northern English town in 1947 the citizens endure continuing food rationing. Some local businessmen want to hold a party to celebrate the royal wedding of Princess Elizabeth to Prince Philip and illegally decide to raise a pig for that occasion. However, the pig gets stolen by Gilbert Chilvers , who was encouraged to do so by his wife Joyce . Meanwhile a food inspector is determined to stop activities circumventing the food rationing.'] ['Set in the 1950s, the film begins with a confrontation between two men: one of them, Clare Quilty , drunk and incoherent, plays Chopin\'s Polonaises Op. 40 on the piano before being shot. The shooter is Humbert Humbert , a 40-something British professor of French literature. Four years earlier, Humbert arrives in Ramsdale, New Hampshire, intending to spend the summer before his professorship begins at Beardsley College, Ohio. He searches for a room to let, and Charlotte Haze , a blowsy, sexually frustrated widow, invites him to stay at her house. He declines until seeing her daughter, Dolores , affectionately called "Lolita". Lolita is a soda-pop drinking, gum-snapping, overtly flirtatious teenager, with whom Humbert falls in love. To be close to Lolita, Humbert accepts Charlotte\'s offer and becomes a lodger in the Haze household, but Charlotte wants all of "Hum\'s" time for herself and soon announces that she will be sending Lolita to an all-girl sleepaway camp for the summer. After the Hazes depart for camp, the maid gives Humbert a letter from Charlotte, confessing her love for him and demanding he vacate at once unless he feels the same way. The letter says that if Humbert is still in the house when she returns, Charlotte will know that her love is requited, and he must marry her. Though he roars with laughter while reading the sadly heartfelt yet characteristically overblown letter, Humbert marries Charlotte. Things turn sour for the couple in the absence of Lolita. Humbert becomes more withdrawn while Charlotte becomes more whiny. Charlotte then discovers Humbert’s diary entries detailing his passion for Lolita and characterizing her as "the Haze woman, the cow, the obnoxious mama, the brainless baba". She has an hysterical outburst and, while Humbert hurriedly fixes martinis in the kitchen to smooth over the situation, she runs outside, is hit by a car, and dies. Humbert drives to the camp to pick up Lolita, who doesn\'t yet know her mother is dead. They stay the night in a hotel that is handling an overflow influx of police officers attending a convention. One of the guests, Quilty, pretends to be a policeman and insinuates himself upon Humbert and keeps steering the conversation to his "beautiful little daughter," who is asleep upstairs, while repeating, too often, that he thinks Humbert is "normal." Humbert escapes the Quilty\'s advances, and, the next morning, Humbert and Lolita enter into a sexual relationship. The two commence an odyssey across the United States, traveling from hotel to motel. In public, they act as father and daughter. After several days, Humbert tells Lolita that her mother is not sick in a hospital, as he had previously told her, but dead. Grief-stricken, she stays with Humbert. In the fall, Humbert reports to his position at Beardsley College, and enrolls Lolita in high school there. Before long, people begin to wonder about the relationship between father and his over-protected daughter. Humbert worries about her involvement with the school play and with male classmates. One night he returns home to find Dr. Zempf, a pushy, abrasive stranger, sitting in his darkened living room. Zempf, speaking with a thick German accent, claims to be from Lolita\'s school and wants to discuss her knowledge of "the facts of life." Humbert is frightened and decides to take Lolita on the road again. He soon realizes they are being followed by a mysterious car that never drops away but never quite catches up. When Lolita becomes sick, he takes her to the hospital. However, when he returns to pick her up, she is gone. The nurse  there tells him she left with another man claiming to be her uncle and Humbert, devastated, is left without a single clue as to her disappearance or whereabouts. Some years later, Humbert receives a letter from Mrs. Richard T. Schiller, Lolita\'s married name. She writes that she is now married to a man named Dick , and that she is pregnant and in desperate need of money. Humbert travels to their home and finds that she is now a roundly, expectant woman in glasses leading a pleasant, humdrum life. Humbert demands that she tell him who kidnapped her three years earlier. She tells him it was Clare Quilty, the man that was following them, who is a famous playwright and with whom her mother had a fling in Ramsdale days. She states Quilty is also the one who disguised himself as the policeman and Dr. Zempf as well as well as the anonymous phone caller from earlier. Lolita herself carried on an affair with him and left with him when he promised her glamor. However, he then demanded she join his depraved lifestyle, including acting in his "art" films. Humbert begs Lolita to leave her husband and come away with him, but she declines. Humbert gives Lolita $13,000, explaining that it is hers from the sale of her mother\'s house and leaves to shoot Quilty in his mansion, where the film began. The epilogue explains that Humbert died of coronary thrombosis awaiting trial for Quilty\'s murder.'] ['In the near future, Detroit, Michigan is on the verge of collapse due to financial ruin and unchecked crime. The mega-corporation Omni Consumer Products  enters into a contract with the city to run the police force. OCP plans to destroy "Old Detroit" and replace it with the utopia of "Delta City". Recognizing that human law enforcers are insufficient to stop the crime spree, OCP runs several programs to find robotic replacements. One program, the ED-209 enforcement droid, headed by senior president Dick Jones , malfunctions and kills a junior executive during its demonstration. As a result, the OCP Chairman  opts for a cyborg program helmed by middle-ranking executive Bob Morton , named "RoboCop". Veteran police officer Alex Murphy  is transferred to a new precinct in Old Detroit and is partnered with Anne Lewis ([[Nancy Allen . On their first patrol, they chase down a team of criminals led by crime boss Clarence Boddicker  to an abandoned steel mill. Lewis is later rendered unconscious by one of the gang, while the rest of Boddicker\'s men corner Murphy and brutally murder him. Murphy is pronounced dead at the hospital and OCP subsequently takes his body and utilizes parts of the remains in the construction of the first RoboCop. RoboCop is able to single-handedly deal with much of the violent crime in the city, causing the rest of the police force to become worried they may be replaced. Unbeknownst to his human monitors, RoboCop still retains memories of his life as Murphy, including brief glimpses of his wife and son, and the action of spinning his gun before holstering it, a trick Murphy had done for his son. Lewis recognizes these elements from Murphy\'s mannerisms, and tries to learn more from RoboCop, but he remains silent on the issues. Because of RoboCop\'s success, Morton is promoted to become one of OCP\'s vice-presidents. Morton\'s success and arrogance leads Jones to have Boddicker, secretly in his employ, kill the young executive. Meanwhile, an armed gas station holdup by one of Boddicker\'s men  allows RoboCop to track down Boddicker to a cocaine bunker. RoboCop bursts into the facility and Boddicker reveals his alliance with Dick Jones. Boddicker is arrested and RoboCop visits Jones at his offices at OCP, intending to arrest him as well. During the confrontation, RoboCop\'s previously unknown fourth directive, preventing him from arresting or harming any senior executive of OCP, activates and incapacitates him. Jones sends an ED-209 against RoboCop. The ED-209 proves incapable of descending a stairway, making it possible for RoboCop to escape. When RoboCop enters the parking complex of the building, a police SWAT team is waiting for him with orders to destroy him. The hail of bullets severely damages RoboCop\'s armor, but Lewis saves him. Meanwhile, the police launch their long-threatened strike, sending the city into chaos. Jones arranges for Boddicker and his men to be released from prison and provides them with weaponry capable of puncturing RoboCop\'s heavy armor. Using a tracking device provided by Jones, Boddicker\'s team converges on the steel mill where RoboCop was recovering from his injuries. RoboCop and Lewis defend themselves and kill the entire gang. Lewis is wounded but survives. RoboCop returns to OCP headquarters and presents evidence of Jones\' role in Morton\'s death to the OCP chairman. Jones quickly grabs a gun and takes the chairman hostage. The chairman, after being told about the Fourth Directive by RoboCop, fires Jones, allowing RoboCop to shoot him. Jones then crashes through the window and falls to his death. The chairman commends RoboCop for his skill and asks for his name, to which RoboCop replies: "Murphy".'] ['Ex-fighter pilot and taxi driver Ted Striker  became traumatized during an unnamed war, leading to his fear of flying. As a result, he is unable to hold a responsible job and his wartime girlfriend, Elaine Dickinson , now a stewardess, leaves him. To win her back, Striker overcomes his fear and boards a flight from Los Angeles to Chicago that she is serving on. During the flight, Elaine rebuffs his attempts to win her back over. After dinner is served, many of the passengers fall ill, and fellow passenger Dr. Barry Rumack  quickly realizes that the fish dinner gave some passengers food poisoning. The stewards discover that the cockpit crew, including pilot Clarence Oveur  and co-pilot Roger Murdock , have all come down with food poisoning, leaving no one aboard to fly the plane. Elaine contacts the Chicago control tower for help, and is instructed by tower supervisor Steve McCroskey  to activate the plane\'s autopilot, a large inflatable doll named "Otto Pilot", which will get them to Chicago, but will not be able to land the plane. Rumack convinces Ted to fly the plane, though Ted feels unable to handle the pressure and the unfamiliar aircraft. McCroskey knows that he must get someone else to help talk the plane down and calls Rex Kramer . Kramer was Ted\'s commanding officer in the war, and despite their dislike, would be the best choice to instruct Striker. As the plane nears Chicago, Ted becomes increasingly stressed and can only land the plane after a pep talk from Dr. Rumack. Furthermore, lightning storms strike the plane, disabling some of its engines. With Kramer\'s stream of advice, Ted is able to overcome his fears and engine troubles and safely land the plane with only minor injuries to some passengers. Ted\'s courage rekindles Elaine\'s love for him, and the two share a kiss while Otto takes off in the evacuated plane after inflating a female companion.'] ['The script, by Garson Kanin, concerns a naive young woman named Gladys Glover who yearns for fame. Strolling through Central Park, she meets a young handsome man named Pete Sheppard . He is a maker of documentaries . He is taking brief shots of people in the park. He films Gladys feeding pigeons, and introduces himself. In a rapid piece of exposition, we learn that she has been in New York for two years, has just lost her job as a model of girdles because her hip size is 3/4" larger than it should be, and still has the $1000 which she "saved up." We learn that she is discouraged at having gotten nowhere in two years and that she wants to make a name for herself. It is clear to the audience that Pete is much taken with Gladys. He gets her address by offering to drop her a postcard when the documentary is finished so she can see herself in it. "Really?" she says. "I\'d give my right arm to see myself in the movies." "You don\'t need to give me your right arm," says Lemmon, "just give me your right address." Pete encourages Gladys to follow her dreams: "Where there\'s a will there\'s a way, and where there\'s a way there is a will." They part. Wandering despondently, Gladys\' attention is caught by a large billboard overlooking Columbus Circle, with the notice "This space for rent. Choice location. Inquire Horace Pfeiffer Co, 383 Madison Avenue." She fantasizes her name on the billboard. Gathering her nerve, she goes to 383 Madison Avenue to inquire. The naive Gladys asks for "Mr. Horace Puh-feiffer," pronouncing the letter P, and is humiliated by the receptionist, who corrects her pronunciation and tells her there is no Mr. Pfeiffer. However, the determined Gladys obtains an interview with a busy man conducting a telephone conversation, who brusquely tells her that the sign is available, demands to know "whom she represents," and finally says "I\'m really too busy for this sort of thing." The spunky Gladys pulls $1000 in cash from her purse, complains that he is too "stuck up" to listen to her, asks "what sort of place treats people that way" and starts to leave. The representative relents and tells her that the sign is $210 per month, three months minimum. Gladys pays $630 in cash and arranges to have her name put on the billboard. Within a few days the sign is up and she is thrilled. It turns out, however, that the Adams Soap company has traditionally booked that sign, intended to book that sign, and is upset to learn that another client has obtained it. The Pfeiffer company calls her to a meeting where Evan Adams III  attempts to induce her to give up the sign by offering her more money. Gladys is simply not interested. She is called to another meeting at which they offer to give her six signs in exchange for that one. This time, she accepts. Now there are six huge signs in New York, one in lights, each saying simply "Gladys Glover." Meanwhile, Pete Sheppard has taken an apartment adjacent to hers, a move which does not seem to rouse Gladys\' curiosity, and they become platonic friends. Sheppard is, however, exasperated by her fascination with her signs and her requests that he tour the city with her to see them. Citygoers are intrigued by the mysterious signs. Gladys shops in a department store , and when she gives her name, the word spreads quickly and dozens of people flock around to get the autograph of the famous Gladys Glover. Soon, she is being asked to appear on television shows. However, the round of publicity starts takes an unpleasant turn. Gladys, has of course explains that she obtained the signs simply in order to "make a name for herself." She does not seem to be aware that she is being treated as a freak or figure of fun. Evan Adams III decides, however, that she is ripe for exploitation as "the average American girl," and hires her to do a series of advertisements for Adams Soap. As she pursues what is becoming a lucrative career, relations between her and Peter Sheppard become strained. At the same time, Adams is showing an increasing interest in her. The situation reaches a crisis when Gladys breaks a date with Sheppard in order to attend what Adams says is a business conference to discuss a cross-country publicity tour. The conference turns out to be an attempted seduction. As Adams reaches to embrace Gladys, she accidentally or intentionally spills a full glass of champagne down the back of Adams neck, breaking the spell. Gladys says "I don\'t mind the way you\'re acting, exactly. What I mind is the way you give the idea you\'re sort of entitled." "Maybe I am," says Adams. "Oh, sure, if you want to make it into a sort of business proposition." "That\'s what you\'re doing, isn\'t it?" asks Adams. Gladys says "The way it looks to me, Mr. Adams, is that there are two sorts of people. The people who will do anything to make a name for themselves, and the people who will do almost anything." She walks out, saying "Soon there will be signs all over saying I\'m the average American girl. That was your idea wasn\'t it? Well, I don\'t think the average American girl should do... this." She walks out. She arrives home to find a 16&nbsp;mm movie projector in her room with a note from Sheppard telling her to run it. A film plays, complete with titles and synchronized sound, entitled "Goodbye, Gladys," The charmingly self-deprecating Sheppard confesses that he loves Gladys, acknowledges that his profile is not as good looking as Adams, and says goodbye. Gladys\' advertising career continues. She finds its emptiness more and more frustrating. She recalls Sheppard\'s frequent questions as to why she wants to be above the crowd instead of being happy being part of the crowd. We find Sheppard in a cage at a zoo, where he is making a documentary showing how the visitors appear to the animals. He coaches the crowd to react to him as if he were a chimpanzee and he jumps around in the cage, filming the crowd, as they throw him peanuts. Suddenly the crowd\'s attention is distracted. We here the sound of an airplane and the crowd saying "Oooh" and turning away from the cage. The puzzled Sheppard looks upward and see that the plane has skywritten the message "PETE CALL GLADYS PLEASE." He grins, the film cuts to Gladys and Pete driving in a car and discussing plans for the future. Gladys spots an empty billboard with a message "THIS SPACE FOR RENT. Apply Acme Realty Co." "What are you looking at?" asks Pete. "Nothing." says Gladys. "Absolutely nothing."'] ['Hollander plays Maximilian II , the ignorant, vindictive and petulant ruler of a troubled  country. Maximilian has two main interests: enjoying himself and running his country\'s movie industry. The output of the nation\'s film studios under Maximilian is limited to terrible action-adventure schlock with names like Out For Vengeance 4. While it is heavily implied that Junior is a childish sadist, it is conceded that his excesses are only bolstered by the encouragement of his beautiful, yet cruel, wife Josephine  and the violence dealt by anti-government terrorists. Ralph Fiennes plays Joe, a prison warder working at the prison where John Thorne is held at the beginning of the movie. During this early period, Thorne is a wreck, squatting in a shabby cell, enduring frequent beatings from the other guards and writing revolutionary slogans on the walls with his own feces. Joe comes to learn from Thorne and respect him for his bearing and intellect, if not his message. Maximilian, trying to quash spiraling dissent, takes the risk of letting Thorne out of jail, hoping to have him thus become not a great folk hero but another greedy, dishonest politician. Joe, too, is soon promoted to one of the guards at Maximilian\'s palace and a position in the country\'s elite military unit. After seeing Junior\'s madness first hand, it is he who betrays his master by letting Thorne and his followers into the palace\'s inner chambers while they are engaged in a revolting sex game. Thorne shoots the pair, and becomes a ruler governing a country as absolutely totalitarian, if not more so, than the deceased Maximilian. Thorne also encourages separating children from their parents, bans action movies and eliminates imported medicine all while sending the country\'s professional classes to grim re-education camps. Frightened females cower underneath burqa-like garments. For his assistance in assassinating the dictator, Joe is hailed as a hero by Thorne. Nevertheless, as Joe realizes that his one-time friend is just as bad as, if not worse than, his predecessor, he refuses to ally with the new regime. For this, Thorne sends Joe to a re-education camp. Subjected to numerous cruel beatings and isolation techniques, Joe continually refuses to sign his loyalty oath. At one point Thorne visits but does not recognize his old friend, even after Joe attempts to show him repeatedly who he is. Joe is also accused of being a member of a "hidden" conspiracy within the prison itself. One of his former co-workers, assumedly after being severely beaten, admits to the conspiracy\'s veracity and accuses Joe of being involved. Joe is quickly brought to the dreaded Room 12. It is there that the audience is revealed to a shocking twist: Joe is accused of never helping Thorne conquer the government, or being a commando in a covert-ops group, but rather a standard recruit in the armed forces discharged after the standard two years. During this, Joe seems to hallucinate heavily, his interrogators becoming characters dead and alive we have seen throughout the film, and is asked once again what is better than a big juicy steak . Throughout the scene it is suggested he may be being tortured mentally or is undergoing a paranoid or psychotic episode. His answer to any of the questions asked is never shown. We then cut to Thorne being killed in his bath by one of his once loyal followers. The revolutionary government is quickly overthrown. Junior\'s in-laws and nephew are revealed to have escaped during Thorne\'s revolution and, having lived in exile, have returned to re-establish the old government . The head of the camp returns to being a doctor and denies having taken part in the tortures and excesses he ordered, while the tortured co-worker that accused Joe of conspiracy is given a government job. This ex-coworker makes a number of empty promises to get Joe out of the camp as soon as the "political climate" settles, but says that his confession to helping murder Maximilian makes him a sensitive case. For having destroyed the old government, but also never having \'played ball\' with the new one, Joe is stuck in limbo, in a prison cell until the end of time. 12 years later, we find Joe writing his memoirs in a white cell resembling that of a prison\'s or an asylum\'s, seemingly oblivious even to his daughter\'s visits. It is possible that he is insane, or that he is perfectly sane, but the woman that visited was an actor pretending to be his daughter to break him down. She leaves Joe writing his memoirs and exits his cell that is really located in some low end residential apartment complex implying that Joe is not a political prisoner but is under some sort of house arrest being taken care of by the State.'] ["Odile Deray  is the publicist for the slasher movie Red is Dead, which features a serial killer whose weapons of choice are the hammer and sickle. She is invited to the Cannes film festival, where she is faced with the unanimous opinion that the movie is extremely bad. However, Red is Dead soon attracts the public attention when its projectionist is murdered by what seems to be a copycat of the movie's killer. Ecstatic, Odile brings the movie's mentally retarded star Simon Jérémi  to the festival and hires bodyguard and self-proclaimed womanizer Serge Karamazov  to protect them. One by one, all the projectionists assigned to the movie are murdered, keeping Red is Dead in the spotlight. Meanwhile, detective Patrick Bialès  investigates on the murders and starts a romantic relationship with Odile."] ['Marianne Faithfull sings "The Ballad of Lucy Jordan" over the opening credit sequence. Marilyn Jordan  is a bored, depressed American housewife, married to a rich Swedish businessman with two seemingly perfect children. She tries to "spice up" her existence by surprising the family when she eats their entire dinner, setting the bedclothes on fire and poisoning the pet dog\'s milk and then advising it not to drink . Eventually Martin, Marilyn\'s husband, decides to show her to a psychiatrist, but that only serves to further her frustration. One day, when she decides to accompany her husband on a business trip, Marilyn gets detained by security at the airport on a technicality. After missing her plane, she is befriended by a group of gypsies and is taken to a club they run, bearing the odd name of "Zanzi-Bar." There, Marilyn indulges in their fantastic, surreal world of shovel fighting, lamb roasting, striptease and free love. It all culminates with Marilyn having a passionate fling with a young man named Montenegro  who works in a zoo. After spending the night with Montenegro, Marilyn realizes that even though she adores this world, she is a stranger in it. Completely snapping upon this realization, she kills the young man and returns home. Once there, she serves her family a gourmet dinner, followed by a light dessert of fruit... that turns out to be poisoned. The final intertitle states: "The story was based on real events".'] ["El Hadj Abdoukader Beye, a Senegalese businessman, marries for the third time, thereby demonstrating his social and economic success. But on the wedding night he discovers that he is incapable of consummating the marriage; he has become impotent. At the beginning, he suspects his two wives, without realizing that he walks by the true guilty party every day. The film criticizes the African leaders' attitude after Independence, underlining their greed and their inability to step away from foreign influences.FCAT"] ['Amitz Dolniker, an aging Israeli Parliament member known for his high-winded babbling and tireless lecturing, is told he needs to take a break from politics after he collapses during a speech. Fainting, he starts out on a dream trip to spend some weeks in a far-away, backward Israeli village that has little contact with civilization. The farmers’ bucolic and carefree life repels him at first , but then he decides to introduce some “order” to the innocent society. As none of the villagers agree to become the village head , Dolniker hires a local horse and buggy and puts it at the service of the village barber, declaring him village head “de facto”. The barber objects at first, but as he becomes used to the perks that come along with the position, his grip on power tightens. This leads to a rivalry with other villagers  who think themselves equally worthy of becoming the village head , which is what Dolniker has expected. He suggests an election to determine the leader. The result, however, bears no resemblance to the orderly political process he is used to, and Dolniker finds himself entangled in silly power struggles, taxes imposed on 3-door closets, corruption, petty bureaucracy, and a ruination of the simple way of life the village once knew. Dolniker comes back to his senses, mildly laughing about himself.'] ['On July 3, 1984 at 5:30PM EDT, at the Uneeda medical supply warehouse in Louisville, Kentucky, a foreman named Frank tries to impress the company\'s newest employee, Freddy, by showing him military drums that accidentally wound up in the basement of the building. The drum contains the remains of an army experiment gone wrong that inspired the film Night of the Living Dead. Frank accidentally unleashes the toxic gas inside the barrel. Frank and Freddy discover that the body inside of the tank has disappeared, believing it to have probably melted. The gas reanimates a corpse inside a meat locker, forcing Frank and Freddy to call upon their boss and warehouse owner Burt Wilson to help them deal with the situation. When the three fail to kill the walking cadaver by damaging its brain and decapitating it, Burt decides to bring the zombie to the nearby mortuary to have its dismembered parts burned in a gambit to destroy it once and for all. Meanwhile, Freddy\'s friends learn of his new job from Tina, his girlfriend. The group, consisting of Spider, Trash, Chuck, Casey, and Scuz, decide to pick Freddy up after he finishes his shift. Arriving two hours before Freddy leaves his job, the group, along with Suicide, their driver, go inside the nearby graveyard to wait for him to finish. Tina leaves the cemetery and enters the warehouse when the hours pass to find her boyfriend, not knowing he left for the mortuary. Her search brings her to the basement, where he is still nowhere to be found. Just as she is about to leave, she is suddenly ambushed by the zombie from the tank, who was initially thought to have dissolved. After a failed attempt to run away, she manages to lock herself inside a closet to prevent it from getting to her, but the zombie finds a chain and winch and tries to pull the door off. At the mortuary, Burt has Ernie, the mortician, burn the zombie in his retort until nothing remains. Unknown to them, this causes the deadly gas to contaminate the air and bring forth a toxic rainfall. The acid rain forces Freddy\'s friends to return to Suicide\'s convertible, but when the car fails to start and the roof begins to leak, they take refuge in the warehouse. Inside, they hear Tina\'s crying and they rescue her from the zombie and barricade the basement door, though Suicide is killed during the rescue attempt. Because Casey witnessed Freddy entering the mortuary, the group makes a run through the cemetery to find Freddy. Inside the graveyard, they discover the dead rising from their graves. The shock of this sight results in the group getting split up. Only Spider, Tina, and Scuz make it to the mortuary, while Trash is killed by zombies, ironically fulfilling what she said would be the worst way for her to die. Chuck and Casey flee back to the warehouse. Frank and Freddy have grown increasingly ill from their exposure to the gas and a medical test from paramedics implies that they are no longer alive. When Burt and Ernie learn of the dead rising from their graves, they quickly barricade the mortuary after Ernie is attacked and chased back to his building when he tries to use an ambulance to escape. Scuz is killed while protecting the barricade and the zombies eat the paramedics and police who arrive at the mortuary. With Frank and Freddy showing signs of becoming zombies themselves, Burt has them locked in the chapel. Tina, however, refuses to abandon Freddy and allows herself to be locked in with him. Freddy soon attempts to eat Tina, but is stopped by Burt, Ernie, and Spider. In the ensuing struggle, Ernie manages to blind Freddy with acid and lock him back up. Frank manages to escape during the chaos, and, still having control over his mind, commits suicide by self-immolation in the retort. While Freddy breaks through the door holding him, Burt sees a police car outside with the motor still running. Along with Spider, he manages to get inside the car, but the large number of zombies forces him to abandon Ernie and Tina. Ernie brings Tina and himself up to his attic, while the blinded Freddy attempts to break in. Burt crashes the police car outside of the warehouse, and an explosion caused by a gasoline leak destroys the remaining cars outside. Burt and Spider manage to get back inside the warehouse where they find Casey and Chuck. After incapacitating Tarman by decapitating him, the survivors enter the basement, where the building\'s phone is located. With the police being massacred by the zombies, Burt decides to call the number on the military drums. The call goes to Colonel Glover, an Army officer looking for the barrels. When Glover learns that "the Easter eggs have hatched," he activates a containment protocol that results in the destruction of 20 square blocks of Louisville by a nuclear artillery shell. The film ends with footage of the disaster area, along with a voiceover from Glover describing the outcome as optimal  while dismissing the new reports of skin irritation by saying "the rains should wash everything away" in time for the President\'s impending visit to the area.'] ["National Lampoon's TV: The Movie is a channel-surfing adventure through television programs and commercials. The film features parodies of many television shows, such as Fear Factor, Cops, MTV Cribs, The Six Million Dollar Man and Miami Vice. A series of over fifty sketches makes up the movie: cartoons, reality shows, fake movie trailers, fake TV show trailers, and computer animation."] ['The film tells the story of a director who is drawn into a television set while watching one of his films. Like the television version, the action is cut at 11-minute intervals by commercials. Gradually, the cast begins incorporating the commercials into their own lines, entirely changing the original concept of the film.'] ["A failed window dresser named Nikki  overhears of a mysterious Ratboy named Eugene  while dumpster diving at a dump. After finding and befriending him, Nikki makes several attempts at exploiting his uniqueness to the public. At the same time, Eugene wishes to avoid public attention. There is never any explanation for Ratboy's existence as a human/rat hybrid."] ['Joanna Eberhart  is a successful reality television executive producer. She is fired after her latest project, a show where spouses choose between each other or prostitutes, called "I Can Do Better", results in one of the jilted men going on a shooting spree, and she has a nervous breakdown. With her husband Walter  and their two children, they move from Manhattan to Stepford, a quiet Connecticut suburb. Joanna becomes friends with Bobbie Markowitz , a writer and recovering alcoholic, and Roger Bannister , a flamboyant gay man who has moved to town with his longtime partner, Jerry . Joanna, Bobbie and Roger witness an incident in which Sarah Sunderson , violently dances and then collapses. A man named Mike  arrives and directs all men to crowd around Sarah so that no one can see what\'s going on, although Joanna sees Mike touch Sarah and she puts off sparks. After Sarah is carried away, Claire , the town\'s leading lady, announces to Joanna that Mike essentially runs Stepford and says that she\'s his wife. Joanna argues with Walter about the incident with Sarah until Walter loses his temper and yells at her. He tells her that her children barely know her, that their marriage is falling apart, and that she\'s so domineering people want to kill her. Realizing how unhappy she is, Joanna apologizes and agrees to try and fit in with the other wives. The next day, as she cleans the house and tries wearing more makeup, she talks with Bobbie and Roger, and they decide to visit Sarah. Entering the house, they hear Sarah having loud, passionate sex with her husband. It sounds as though she is about to reach orgasm. Roger starts tiptoeing up the stairs to have a peek, and the two follow until they hear someone suddenly walking out of the room. They quickly return down the stairs to hide, and they find a remote control labeled SARAH. While playing with it, they inadvertently cause Sarah\'s breasts to enlarge before she falls on the staircase behind them. Frightened, they retreat to Bobbie\'s house, where Joanna suggests that they seriously try to live in Stepford. During this time, the Stepford women appear extremely vapid and shallow; in the Stepford book club, their story is a catalogue of Christmas and Chanukah collectibles and decoration tips. Meanwhile, Walter has been bonding with the Stepford Men\'s Association. When he wins $20 in a game from Ted, one of the Stepford Husbands, Ted summons his wife and puts a credit card in her mouth. She spits out $20 in one-dollar bills, revealing that she is a robot like the other women. One evening, Walter and Mr. Markowitz go to the Men\'s Association with Roger and Jerry, but Joanna and Bobbie hire a babysitter and follow them. Sneaking around the Men\'s Association, they find a long line of family portraits. They make a noise and Roger is sent out to see what\'s going on. Although he does not reveal their presence to the other men, he tells Joanna and Bobbie that nothing illegal is going on there, and Joanna and Bobbie leave. Roger is directed through a door and he finds himself on a balcony overlooking the main hall. Looking down, he sees something puzzling, turns to the camera and softly utters "Jerry?" The next day, he is completely transformed, running for state senate as a conservative gay Republican. Terrified, Joanna tells Walter that she wants to move. Walter apologizes, saying that if she\'s so miserable, they can leave tomorrow. She thanks him. That night, she is awakened by their robotic dog bringing her a bone. She is horrified to find that it\'s actually a remote control, like Sarah\'s but labeled JOANNA. She goes online to research the women of Stepford and learns that the women used to be scientists, engineers and judges. The next morning she runs to see Bobbie, only to find that Bobbie, too, has become fawning and stupid. Joanna realizes that Bobbie isn\'t human anymore when Bobbie fails to react to the open flame of a lit stove. Joanna tries to flee but finds that her children have been taken hostage by the men. She storms into the Men\'s Club demanding that the men return her children, but the men, who have been lying in wait for her, capture her. The men explain that when their wives were scientists and engineers, their wives reduced them to low-level support roles. Enraged, the men implanted microchips into their wives\' brains and then transplanted their minds into cloned bodies, which became the men\'s patient, subservient and impossibly beautiful robot mistresses. As Mike reveals Joanna\'s new body, Walter voices his frustration at being second best to her. The men corner Joanna and Walter and force them toward the transformation room, but before Joanna enters, she makes a final appeal by asking whether the new wives really mean it when they tell their husbands that they love them. Later, Joanna appears at the grocery store, calmly purchasing groceries alongside the other wives. With Joanna and Walter as the guests of honor, Stepford hosts a formal ball. During the festivities, Joanna distracts Mike and entices him into the garden while Walter slips away. Walter returns to the transformation room where he destroys the software that makes the women obedient. This, in turn, burns out all the implanted microchips, causing all the Stepford Wives to revert to their original personalities. Walter returns to the ball, where the baffled husbands are cornered by their vengeful wives. Walter reveals that Joanna never received the microchip implant: Her argument during the struggle had won him over, and out of his love for and loyalty to the human being whom he married, he joined in her plan to infiltrate Stepford by pretending to be a robot. Mike threatens Walter, but before Mike can attack, Joanna hits Mike with a candlestick, decapitating him and revealing that he himself is a robot. It is revealed that his wife, Claire, is a real woman, not a Stepford Wife as implied earlier. Distraught over the loss of her husband, Claire explains that she created Stepford because she, too, was a bitter, career-minded woman, a tired brain surgeon. When she discovered that Mike was having an affair, she murdered Mike and his lover in a jealous rage. Deciding to make the world \'more beautiful\', she created her robot husband, partly because he was someone other men would listen to. When Joanna wonders aloud why Claire didn\'t simply make the men into robots, she replies that she planned to turn the whole community into robots. Claire then electrocutes herself by kissing Mike\'s severed robotic head. Six months later Larry King is interviewing Joanna, Bobbie, and Roger. After their experiences in Stepford, they have all met with success; Joanna made a documentary, Bobbie wrote a book of poetry, and Roger won his state senate seat as an Independent. Joanna also notes that while her and Walter\'s relationship isn\'t perfect, it is still real, and that is what is important. The closing scene of the film reveals that the irate wives have taken over Stepford and forced their husbands to atone for their crimes by placing them under house arrest, making them complete many of the same domestic tasks that they had forced the women to do.'] ['In the near future, violence has become something of a national sport and television news has fallen to tabloid depths. Patrick Hale , a globe-trotting reporter with access to a staggering array of world leaders, has ventured to the Arab country of Hegreb to interview his old acquaintance, King Ibn Awad . Awad has learned that the President of the United States  may have issued orders for his removal; as a result, Awad is apparently making arrangements to deliver two suitcase nukes to a terrorist, with the intention of detonating them in Israel and the United States, unless the President resigns. In the intricate plot that unfolds, nothing is quite the way it seems, and Hale finds himself caught between political leaders, revolutionaries, CIA agents and other figures, trying to get to the bottom of it all.'] ['The protagonist and narrator is Dexter King , an American actor working in London and living platonically in Camden Town with his "educated, charming...nymphomaniac" landlady . He\'s just finished his sixth year playing "The Tall Guy", a straight man in a two-man, long-running comedy revue starring  Ron Anderson . called Elephant! which features a song called “He’s Packing His Trunk” and a finale which ends with the lyric "Somewhere up in heaven there\'s an angel with big ears!" During rehearsal, Dexter succumbs to the advances of a married co-star . On the new musical\'s opening night, Kate puts together evidence of the affair from a few subtle clues, and leaves Dexter without further ado. After seeing a scene in a televised award show that suggests Ron is now dating Kate, Dexter impulsively gives up his role in Elephant! just before the curtain rises, with plans to make an impassioned plea to Kate to take him back. With Ron\'s involuntary help , Dexter presents his case to Kate in a busy hospital ward. Kate agrees to give him another chance.'] ['The film\'s main character is Byeong-gu, a man who believes that aliens are about to attack Earth and that he is the only one who can prevent them. With his childlike circus-performer girlfriend, he kidnaps a powerful executive whom he believes to be a top ranking extraterrestrial who can contact the prince of these aliens during the upcoming eclipse. After imprisoning the man in his basement workshop, he proceeds to torture the executive and slowly Byeong-gu\'s true intentions are revealed. It seems that the executives company poisoned his mother in a pharmacy test, and though Byeong-gu does seem to believe that the executive is an alien, he\'s deluding himself to his obvious act of revenge. When a detective comes calling to investigate the disappearance, the executive tries to escape but is thwarted by the psychotic Byeong-gu. The detective at first finds nothing unusual but on his way out sees Byeong-gu\'s dog  gnawing on the bones of his master\'s past victims. After contacting a partner in the police force he is killed by the psycho\'s bees, is hacked up and fed to the dog. Byeong-gu then crucifies the executive and breaks his leg with his axe butt, to punish him for his attempted escape. In a desperate move, the executive convinces Byeong-gu that the bottle of benzene in his trunk is the antidote for his comatose mother. As Byeong-gu races to the hospital to deliver the antidote, the executive frees himself by pulling his hands through the nails. He then travels deeper into his captor’s lair, finding evidence of his grim research. Photos of mutilated corpses are littered with blood scrawled notebooks, while hands and brains of past ‘subjects’ reside in jars. Reading through the journals the executive discovers Byeong-gu\'s traumatic past: his father was a coal miner who lost one of his arms due to his dangerous work and was killed by his wife when he attempted to attack her and his son. He was beaten in school and was a victim to the sadistic whims of his cruel teachers. He showed early signs of violence, such as stabbing a fellow school mate with a kitchen knife. His mother was then poisoned in the aforementioned incident and at a protest, his former girlfriend was beaten to death. He slowly went mad from the violence that surrounded him. At the same moment, the dead detective\'s partner arrives and finds the frantic executive as Byeong-gu, after desperately rushing to the hospital, feeds the so-called antidote to his comatose mother, inadvertently killing her. Infuriated, he returns home with intention of killing the executive but finds the detective there. After a brief struggle and a bizarre turn of events, he captures both of them and plans on killing them both. The frantic executive then admits to being an alien and proceeds to spin an exotic tale which stretches back to the time of the dinosaurs, about how his race was trying to save humanity by experimenting on the genetic code of his mother. He also agrees to contact the alien prince at the executive\'s company factory. Byeong-gu leaves the detective all his notes, saying that if he does not make it, he will have the responsibility of saving the planet. At the factory, the executive triggers a computer controlled robotic arm to kill Byeong-gu\'s girlfriend, and after a long struggle, he beats his captor near to death. When the police arrive, they shoot Byeong-gu, and as he bleeds to death he wonders aloud, "Now who will save the earth?" In the end aliens do arrive and take the executive, who is in fact the alien prince himself, aboard their ship. After failing his mission, he deems Earth a failed experiment and blasts it from creation. As the credits roll a video recaps the entire journey of Byeong-gu\'s life.'] ["The story concerns a young documentary film-maker, Bernard Heiman, who has decided to chronicle the making of a pornographic motion picture for his next project. He selects as his subject a movie being directed by Chuck Steak , a twenty-five year veteran of the porn industry. Chuck plans to produce a $40,000 movie that is shot on motion picture film, as he regards himself as a film-maker first and pornographer second. Bernard begins shooting his documentary and is introduced to Chuck's large crew and cast. He especially becomes attracted to a young performer named Pursey Galore, who is new to the porn industry. As the film develops it becomes clear that Chuck treats his co-workers more like a family rather than colleagues, as they all deeply care about each other and view Chuck as a paternal figure. As the film develops Chuck must deal with several crises, including a group of protesters who object to pornography and a pending legal proceeding that stems from him throwing a flower pot at a man's head. All the while he remains determined to fulfill his ambition of filming the world's largest recorded orgy."] ["Kelly Olsson is an aspiring writer, but Girl-Lure magazine keeps rejecting her racy submissions. Kelly decides to show the magazine boys what they're missing. She creates a fake identity for herself, pretending that a story about a young woman's wild ways is actually about herself. Girl-Lure's lecherous editor, Sir Hubert, and his suave editor, Ric Colby, like the concept but aren't sure they trust the facts. Kelly tries to fool them by staging an orgy in her apartment building, asking friendly tenants to go along with her scheme. Sgt. Hooker of the vice squad doesn't feel she is fooling, however, and places Kelly under arrest. Ric comes to her rescue. But when her hoax is revealed, he decides to get revenge by insisting that Kelly pose for a provocative layout for the magazine to prove she's as wild as she claims. By the time his car and her motorcycle meet head-on in the end, they're in love."] ['Contrary to her husband, Hélène devotes herself to help a French-Algerian prostitute, Malika, who seeks to escape from her abusers. As the film begins, Paul and Hélène, a wealthy Parisian couple, are preparing to go out for the evening. While driving, they see three men chasing a prostitute down the street. She begs them to save her by letting her into the car, but Paul locks the doors and drives away as the three men beat her, leaving her unconscious in the street. He refuses to let Hélène phone an ambulance, afraid of being charged with not helping a person in danger . Hélène cannot forget the incident, and the next day she goes to the hospital, where she finds the prostitute, Noémie, in a coma. Moved, Hélène stops work and leaves her family responsibilities to stay with Noémie throughout her recovery, aiding her as she regains mobility and helping her to communicate since she can\'t yet speak. When one of the pimps returns to threaten Noémie, Hélène follows him out of the hospital, knocks him unconscious, and leaves him for the police to find. Meanwhile, Paul and Hélène\'s son Fabrice, a university student, is cheating on his girlfriend with another girl, who is pregnant. When his girlfriend discovers the truth, she destroys his apartment. He moves into Paul\'s apartment just as Hélène moves out, and the two girls follow him, much to Paul\'s chagrin. When Hélène returns home for a day, one of Noémie\'s pimps goes to the hospital with a friend and removes Noémie under the pretense that they are relatives taking her for a walk. Noémie, who still cannot speak, is unable to protest. Hélène meets them on the sidewalk and, realizing that Noémie is not safe at the hospital, "kidnaps" her and brings her to Paul\'s mother\'s house. Here Noémie recovers her ability to talk, and relates her life story: her name is actually Malika, and she is a French-Algerian immigrant. As Malika recovers, the two plan Malika\'s freedom and revenge on her abusers. Hélène\'s life changes forever as the selfishness of her husband and son becomes apparent.'] ['Sir Guy Grand , an eccentric billionaire, together with his newly adopted heir , Youngman Grand , start playing elaborate practical jokes on people. A big spender, Grand does not mind handing out large sums of money to various people, bribing them to fulfill his whims, or shocking them by bringing down what they hold dear. Their misadventures are designed as a display of father Grand to his adoptive charge that \'everyone has their price\' - it just depends on the amount one is prepared to pay. They start from rather minor spoofs, like bribing a traffic warden  to take back a parking ticket and eat it  and proceed with increasingly elaborate stunts involving higher social strata and wider audiences. As a father-son conversation reveals, Grand sees his plots as \'educational\' . At Sotheby\'s art auction house, it is proudly claimed that an original Rembrandt portrait might fetch £10,000, yet to the astonishment of director Mr. Dugdale , Grand makes a final offer of £30,000 for it  and having bought it, proceeds, in front of a deeply shocked Dugdale, to cut with his scissors the portrait\'s nose from the canvas. In a classy restaurant he makes a loud show of wild gluttony, Grand being the restaurant\'s most prominent customer. In the annual Boat Race sports event, he bribes the Oxford team  and makes them purposely ram the Cambridge boat, to win a screamingly unjust victory. In a traditional pheasant hunt, he uses an anti-aircraft gun to down the bird. Guy and Youngman eventually buy tickets for the luxury liner The Magic Christian, along with the richest strata of society. In the beginning everything appears normal and the ship apparently sets off. Yet soon, things start going wrong. A solitary drinker at the bar  is approached by a transvestite cabaret singer , a vampire  poses as a waiter, and a cinema film turns out to feature the unfortunately unsuccessful transplant of a black person\'s head onto a white body. Eventually passengers start noticing, through the ship\'s CCTV, that their Captain  is in a drunken stupor and finally gets carted off by a gorilla. In a crescendo of panic, the guests try to find their way to abandon ship. A group of them, shown the way by Youngman Grand, instead reach the machine-room, which turns out to be powered by hordes of topless rowing slave girls, under the command of the Priestess of the Whip . As passengers finally find an exit, and lords and ladies stumble out in the daylight, it is discovered that the supposed ship was in fact a structure built inside a warehouse, and the passengers had never left London. During the whole misadventure, father and son Grand look perfectly composed and cool. Toward the end of the film, Guy fills up a huge vat with urine, blood and animal excrement and adds to it thousands of bank notes. Attracting a crowd of onlookers by announcing \'Free money!\', Grand successfully entices the city\'s workers to recover the cash. The sequence concludes with many members of the crowd submerging themselves, in order to retrieve money that had sunk beneath the surface, as the song "Something In The Air" by Thunderclap Newman, is heard by the movie\'s audience. The film ends with both Guy and Youngman, having returned to the park where the film opened, bribing the park warden to allow them to both now sleep there, stating that this was a more direct method of achieving their  ends.'] ["Tony Ryder's uncle, the wealthy owner of a newspaper, has just died. The young playboy Tony inherits the paper but is left with a board of directors that thinks he's unsuited for the task, plus a hotel detective who thinks Tony should know about a girl who was seen running away from his uncle's Palm Beach hotel room, wearing nothing but a Turkish towel and an earring, on the night of his death. Tony discovers that the young lady in question, Katie Robbins, is employed in his own research department. The board decrees that he must send in the detective to watch her and head off any attempts at blackmail. But the more time Tony spends trying to get Katie to open up about what her relationship to his uncle was, the less he cares. Complications ensue in the form of Ms. Robbins's fiance -- he's a straight-laced veterinarian -- and the board's insistence that Katie be silenced at all costs."] ['Captain Yossarian , a U.S. Army Air Forces B-25 bombardier is stationed on the Mediterranean island of Pianosa during World War II. Along with other members of his squadron, Yossarian is committed to flying dangerous missions, and after watching his friends die, he seeks a means of escape. Futilely appealing to his commanding officer, Colonel Cathcart , who keeps increasing the number of missions required to be sent home before anyone can reach it, Yossarian finds that even a mental breakdown is no release when Doctor Daneeka  invokes the "Catch-22" that the US Army employs. As explained, an airman "would be crazy to fly more missions and sane if he didn\'t, but if he was sane he\'d have to fly them. If he flew them he was crazy and didn\'t have to; but if he didn\'t, he was sane and had to." Trapped by the convoluted logic of the Catch-22, Yossarian watches as individuals in the squadron resort to other means to cope; Lt. Milo Minderbinder  concocts elaborate black market schemes while crazed Captain "Aarfy Aardvark"  even commits murder. Nately  falls for a prostitute, Major Danby  delivers goofy pep talks before each bomb run and Nurse Duckett  resorts to belting Yossarian once in a while. Following an attempt on his life, Yossarian flees the hospital and sets out in a raft, paddling to Sweden, a refuge for one of his other squadron mates who successfully escaped the madness.'] ['Republican Senator Russell Kramer  wins the Presidential election, narrowly defeating Democratic Governor Matt Douglas . Four years later, Douglas wins a landslide victory over the incumbent Kramer. Another four years later, Kramer\'s former Vice President William Haney  defeats incumbent Douglas. Ted Matthews ([[John Heard , the Vice President under Haney, is widely seen as an idiot and becomes a continuing embarrassment for the Haney administration. A further three years later, Kramer spends his time writing books and speaking at various inconsequential functions. Meanwhile, Douglas is finishing his own book and going through a divorce. Kramer and Douglas are sent to a funeral aboard Air Force One by Haney, and spend the trip arguing with each other. The Democratic party learn about "Olympia", a series of bribes from defense contractor Charlie Reynolds  paid to Haney when he was Vice President. The Democratic National Committee chairman Joe Hollis  encourages Douglas to investigate further while Haney and his Chief of Staff Carl Witnaur  plot to frame Kramer. Hollis tells Douglas that the Democrats will support him for a Presidential run in return for his help. Douglas takes the offer hoping to beat Haney and get back into the Oval Office. When the rumors of Olympia begin to suggest that Kramer was involved, Kramer begins his own investigation. NSA agent Colonel Paul Tanner  has Reynolds assassinated when he attempts to tell Douglas the truth about Olympia. Kramer arrives at the scene and spots Reynolds\' body. Before they can flee, Douglas and Kramer are forced to board a helicopter by White House officials, claiming to be taking them to Camp David at the request of Haney. During the flight Douglas realizes that the helicopter is heading in the wrong direction. Suspicious, the former presidents force the pilots to land the helicopter. They leave just before the helicopter explodes. Kramer and Douglas are left stranded, with the realization that the explosion was meant to kill them. They decide to go to Kramer\'s Presidential Library in Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio to obtain a record Kramer kept of all meals served during his time in the White House, which will prove Haney was present at a key meeting with Reynolds. During a series of misadventures, the two ex-Presidents meet a variety of ordinary Americans and see the effects their terms in office have had. After several close encounters with NSA agents, they arrive at the library and discover the evidence has been tampered with to implicate Kramer. A library guard gives Kramer a message from Reynolds\' secretary stating that Witnaur had recently met with Reynolds. Douglas and Kramer kidnap Witnaur and with Joe Hollis\'s help, force him to reveal the plot to frame Kramer, though Witnaur claims to have no knowledge of the attempts on their lives, blaming Tanner and Haney. Douglas and Kramer go to the White House to confront Haney. The pair manage to sneak into the White House with the help of the White House Executive Chef Rita and make it to the Oval Office only to discover that Haney is giving a press conference outside about their supposed deaths. Tanner traps Douglas and Kramer in a guest room but they utilize a secret tunnel to escape while the NSA give chase. Tanner catches up with them and is about to shoot them when he himself is killed by Secret Service Sniper Lieutenant Ralph Fleming, who has recognized the former presidents due to their accidental marching in a gay pride parade he was part of and disobeys orders to shoot them. Douglas and Kramer interrupt Haney\'s speech and take him to the Oval Office to talk. There they play Haney a tape of Witnaur\'s confession, but Haney denies knowledge of Reynolds\' murder or the helicopter explosion. Haney agrees to resign and proceeds to give a resignation speech, claiming to have heart problems. Douglas and Kramer muse that the idiotic Matthews will now be elevated from Vice President to President and realize that the only way it could have happened was under these circumstances. The pair confront Matthews who admits that he, not Haney, had engineered the entire plot so that he could become President, knowing Haney would take the fall. Matthews explains that his stupidity was just an act, but Douglas records his confession. Matthews is sent to jail. Nine months later, Douglas and Kramer are running together as independents in the Presidential election, arguing which of them will be the nominee for president. Douglas distracts Kramer by throwing a dollar on the floor, and takes to the podium to announce himself as the Presidential candidate, much to the chagrin of Kramer.'] ['{{copyedit}} After smuggling a strong box of the Cuban treasury and a group of exiled Cubans out of the now communist Cuba, a group of criminal and exiled Americans plot how to rid themselves of the Cubans guarding the money and come up with the plan to imitate a sea monster and blame the deaths on it. An American spy smuggles himself on board and acts as a narrator and all around good guy, ending up as the only original character to survive until the end. The sea monster turns out to be real and quite deadly. The movie concludes with the sea monster killing everyone and getting the money for itself, while Sparks Moran, the spy, ends up with the girl.'] ['A Russian submarine draws too close to the New England coast when its captain wants to take a good look at America and runs aground on a sandbar near an island off Cape Ann, Gloucester. Rather than radio for help and risk an embarrassing international incident, the captain sends a nine-man landing party headed by his second-in-command Lieutenant Yuri Rozanov  to find a motor launch to help free the sub from the bar. The men arrive at the house of Walt Whittaker , a vacationing playwright from New York City. Whittaker is eager to get his wife Elspeth  and two children, obnoxious nine and half-year-old Pete  and three-year-old Annie , off the island now that summer is over. Failing to convince the Whittakers that his group are Norwegians , Rozanov draws a gun and promises no harm if the family provides information about military on the island  and police force , and gives them keys to their car. Walt and Elspeth provide the answers and the keys, and the Russians depart, leaving behind a young sailor, Alexei Kolchin , to guard the Whittakers and, subsequently, their attractive 18-year-old neighbor, Alison Palmer .Hal Erickson, "The Russians Are Coming, the Russians Are Coming ", New York Times, accessed January 1, 2009 The Whittakers\' station wagon quickly runs out of gasoline, forcing the Russians to walk. They steal an old sedan from Muriel Everett , the postmistress; she calls Alice Foss , the gossipy telephone switchboard operator, and before long, wild rumors throw the entire island into confusion. As level-headed Police Chief Link Mattocks  and his bumbling assistant Norman Jonas  try to squelch the inept vigilante movement of blustering Fendall Hawkins , Walt, accompanied by a hysterical Elspeth, manages to overpower Kolchin because the Russian is reluctant to hurt anyone. During the commotion, Kolchin flees, but when Walt and Elspeth leave to find help, he returns. He reassures a scared Alison and offers her his rifle, which she does not accept. Trying to find the Russians on his own, Walt is re-captured by them. After subduing Mrs. Foss and disabling the island\'s telephone switchboard, seven of the Russians manage to steal a motorboat and head back to their sub, which is still high and dry. Back at the Whittaker house, Kolchin is by now falling in love with Alison. Walt manages to free himself, and he and Elspeth return to the house and almost shoot Rozanov who arrives there just before they do. With the misunderstandings cleared up, the Whittakers, Rozanov and Kolchin decide to head into town together to clear the air with everyone over just what is going on. With the rising tide, the submarine frees itself, and the Russian captain  sets out in search of his missing men. He finds Rozanov and Kolchin in the harbor and threatens to blow up the town unless the other seven are returned to him. Chief Mattocks arrives with the rest of the armed villagers who threaten action against the sub\'s crew on deck with rifles and pistols. As tension mounts, a small boy  falls from his perch on the church steeple and hangs perilously from a gutter. Forgetting their differences, islanders and Russians unite to form a human pyramid and rescue the child. Peace and harmony is established between the two parties, but unfortunately an over-eager Hawkins has called in the Air Force. In a joint decision, the submarine heads out of the harbor with a convoy of villagers in small boats protecting it. Kolchin says goodbye to Alison, the boat with the seven Russians reaches the group shortly thereafter, and the seven board the submarine, just before two U.S. Air Force F-101B Voodoo jets arrive. They break off after seeing the convoy, and the submarine is free to sail to safe waters."Overview for The Russians are Coming, the Russians are coming, Turner Classic Movies, accessed January 1, 2009'] ['A rich woman named Mrs. Li is losing her good looks and longs for passion with her husband, who is later revealed to be having a love affair with his younger and more attractive masseuse. In order to boost her image, she seeks the help of Aunt Mei, a local chef. Mei cooks her some special dumplings which she claims to be effective for rejuvenation. From the very beginning, Mrs. Li was aware that Mei used unborn fetuses "imported" from the abortion clinic where Mei used to work. She keeps seeking more potent remedies, until one day she is in luck: Mei had just performed a black market abortion on a girl five months pregnant who has been impregnated by her father. After Mrs. Li sneaks a look in the kitchen and sees the fetus, she is initially disgusted and runs away, but later comes back. Mei makes the fetus into dumplings, which Mrs. Li devours. This has a wondrous effect on her libido as she goes into the hospital and has sex with her husband. In a short flash-back, we are shown the girl and her mother riding a bus home after the abortion. After getting off, the girl collapses on the side-walk. With no one around, the mother can only watch as her daughter slips into unconsciousness. Muttering her last words, "I don\'t want to die..." she dies soon afterwards, presumably from a ruptured uterus. Mrs. Li hosts a dinner party for her friends, who compliment her and wonder about her newly found beauty and youth. When she joins them, they claim there is a horrid fish-like smell in the air, which turns out to be from Mrs. Li herself. She excuses herself from the table and runs to the bath-tub. Furious with Mei, Mrs. Li calls her, demanding to know what she has ingested. Mei merely claims that an inbred child is the most potent. Curious at what his wife is yelling about, Mr. Li gets on the other line and overhears the conversation between her and Mei about what happened, and pays the latter a visit, inquiring into whether it really works. Mr. Li eats one of her dumplings and has violent sex with Mei, whom he finds out to be sixty-four years old, but with a form like a slender thirty-year-old woman. She attributes her looks to her cannibalism. Soon, Mrs. Li realizes that she can not stay young without eating Mei\'s dumplings. Ignorant of her husband\'s love affair with Mei, she pleads with her to continue to find her the most potent ingredients for the dumplings and promises to pay her handsomely. Presumably a mistress of Mr. Li at that point, Mei ignores Mrs. Li\'s plea and tears her check into pieces. The next morning, police officers arrive at an apartment, where they find the mother, crying, bloodied and clenching a knife. Upset about her daughter\'s death, she has stabbed her incestuous husband nearly to death. It is implied that upon finding the wife and the dead husband, the police find out Mei\'s identity and raid her apartment. Mei, how ever, has already fled. It is revealed that Mr. Li has impregnated his masseuse. When Mrs. Li catches word of this, she tracks down the pregnant masseuse, planning on having her abort the fetus. Although the young masseuse is comfortable with her pregnancy and wishes to have the child, Mrs. Li convinces her to have it aborted in exchange for a large sum of money. Mrs. Li insists to the doctor that the baby should come out alive. Mrs. Li then takes the fetus and turns it into dumplings, ingesting her husband\'s child. Mei, we learn, ends up selling dumplings on the streets in Shenzhen.'] ['Celeste Talbert, the longtime star of the popular daytime drama The Sun Also Sets, is targeted by costar Montana Moorehead; Montana connives to supplant Celeste as the show\'s star by promising sexual favors to its producer, David Seton Barnes. To make the audience hate Celeste\'s character, Montana and David come up with a last-minute plot change in which she will accidentally kill a young, destitute deaf-mute, played by the newly-cast Lori Craven. Despite the strong objections of Head Writer Rose Schwartz and Celeste herself, the scene plays out, but is interrupted by Celeste\'s recognition of Lori as her real-life niece. Network honcho Edmund Edwards sees potential in the relationship and makes Lori a regular cast member, as Celeste tries to talk her niece out of an acting career. Montana and David seek to further unnerve Celeste by bringing back Jeffrey Anderson, an actor who had been fired from The Sun Also Sets  decades before after his romantic relationship with Celeste had gone sour. Bitter at being reduced to performing dinner theater for uninterested seniors in Florida, Jeffrey relishes the chance to needle Celeste. Outwardly despising Jeffrey but perhaps still harboring some feelings for him, Celeste is horrified as he and the much-younger Lori develop a close friendship. In dramatic fashion, Celeste stops a scripted onscreen kiss between Lori and Jeffrey by revealing that Lori is actually her daughter by Jeffrey. On camera, Celeste explains that she had been responsible for getting Jeffrey fired because of the pregnancy, and had passed Lori off as her niece due to pressure from the network. Despite renewed interest in the show and Lori\'s burst of sudden fame due to this "storyline," all three actors, furious with each other, demand "They go or I go!" A decision is made by the network, and the actors head into a live episode in which they will read their lines from a teleprompter to keep secret until the last minute who will be written off. It is revealed that Lori\'s character has "brain fever" and will die; still hoping to be rid of Celeste, Montana ad-libs and suggests that a brain transplant can save her. In character, Celeste immediately plays along, offering her own brain for the operation. Touched by the sacrifice, Lori asks Celeste not to leave the show, and softens to her newfound parents. Montana is publicly ruined by Rose who, with the help of vengeful Ariel Maloney, reveals the secret that Montana was once a man named Milton Moorehead. David is horrified. Later, Celeste, Jeffrey, and Lori win soap opera awards as Milton performs dinner theater at Jeffrey\'s former venue.'] ["A famous star of Bengali films, Arindam , has been invited to the capital to receive a prestigious award. As all the flights are booked, he is forced to travel by a train from Calcutta to New Delhi. He is in a foul mood as the morning's papers are filled with his being involved in an altercation and his latest film is slated to become his first flop.In the restaurant car, he meets Aditi , a young journalist who edits a serious women's magazine. Filled with contempt for the likes of him, she secretly plans to interview him because she thinks it would make a saleable 'copy'. It soon leads to him unwittingly pouring out his life history. The interraction also brings to surface the inner insecurities of Arindam's character and his consciousness of the limitations of his 'powers'. Aditi initially takes notes, surreptitiously, but later on, out of empathy almost bordering on pity, abandons it. However, critical of the star, she interrogates him and the star ends up re-examining his life. In a series of conversations with Aditi, he also reveals his past and guilts. Arindam talks about Shankarda, his mentor, taking us back to his early youth. His selling out to films and giving up theatre against the wishes of his old teacher... His first day's shoot, and he being snubbed by a successful actor Mukunda Lahiri. A few years later Mukunda Lahiri, now a forgotten actor after a series of flops, comes to him to beg for a small part. He rejects the ageing actor in revenge. His taking refuge in alcohol. And his refusing to help a friend in politics. Toward the end of the train journey, Arindam is drunk and contemplates suicide. He asks the conductor to fetch Aditi. He begins to confess an affair with a married woman. But Aditi stops him. It was an affair with the heartless and ambitious Promila, which ended in a brawl with her husband. As the star re-lives and examines his life with Aditi, a bond develops between them. Aditi realises that in spite of his fame and success, Arindam is a lonely man, and needs her sympathy and understanding. Out of respect for his frank confession, she chooses to suppress the story and tears up the notes she has written. She lets the hero preserve his public image."] ['The story centers around the relationship of the three main characters. Volodia, out of work and in need of a place to live, comes to stay with his friend Kolia and wife Liudmila, sleeping on the sofa. However, when Kolia is away on business, the other two begin an affair. Although Kolia is initially outraged, the three settle into a polygamous state, though with Kolia now relegated to the sofa. Liudmila eventually becomes pregnant and the men argue over how to solve the situation, as they are unsure of who the father is. Unable to resolve things, Liudmila leaves both men and strikes out on her own.http://www.flixster.com/movie/tretya-meshchanskaya-bed-and-sofa'] ['A new wing at Britannia Hospital is to be opened, and the Queen Mother &ndash; referred to as HRH &ndash; is due to arrive. The administrator of the hospital, Potter , is confronted with demonstrators protesting against an African dictator who is a VIP patient, striking ancillary workers  and a less-than-cooperative Professor Millar , the head of the new wing. Rather than cancel the royal visit, Potter decides to go out and reason with the protestors. He strikes a deal with the protest leader — the private patients of Britannia Hospital are to be ejected and, in return, the protestors allow a number of ambulances into the hospital. However, unbeknown to the protestors, these ambulances actually contain the Queen Mother and her entourage. Mick Travis  is a reporter who is shooting a clandestine documentary about the hospital and its dubious practices. He manages to get inside and starts to investigate Millar\'s sinister scientific experimentation, including the murder of a patient, Macready . As mayhem ensues outside, Travis is also murdered and his head used as part of a grim Frankenstein-like experiment which goes hideously wrong. Eventually, the protestors break into the hospital and attempt to disrupt Millar\'s presentation of his Genesis Project, in which he claims he has perfected mankind. In front of the assembled audience of Royalty and commoners, Genesis is revealed — a brain wired to machinery. Genesis is given a chance to speak and, in a robotic voice, utters the "What a piece of work is a man" speech from Hamlet, until it continuously repeats the line "How like a God".'] [" The film revolves around Erin Grant , a former FBI secretary, who loses custody of her young daughter Angela to her ex-husband Darrell . In order to afford an appeal, Erin becomes a stripper at the Eager Beaver, a Miami strip club. A Congressman named David Dilbeck  visits the club and immediately begins to adore Grant. Aware of Dilbeck's embarrassing indulgences, another Eager Beaver patron approaches Erin with a plan to manipulate the Congressman to settle the custody dispute in Erin's favor. However, Dilbeck has powerful business connections who want to ensure he remains in office. Consequently, those who can embarrass him in an election are murdered. Meanwhile, Erin retrieves her daughter from her negligent husband. Dilbeck's personal interest in Erin persists, and she is invited to perform privately for him. He asks her to become his lover and later his wife, despite his staff's concerns that she knows too much. A debate occurs as to whether to kill Erin or simply keep her quiet by threatening to take away her daughter . However, Erin and a police officer  begin to suspect the Congressman's guilt in the murders, and Erin concocts a plan to bring the Congressman to justice. She tricks him into confessing on tape, and he is soon after arrested. Thus, Erin regains full custody of Angela, and Darrell returns to prison."] ["Molly Thatcher  is a stockbroker languishing in a company run by sexist Bullard Bear . When the company does poorly, he has to fire somebody. Molly is the obvious choice, but to avoid charges of sex discrimination, he assigns her the seemingly impossible task of unloading shares of an obscure company called Universal Widgets, figuring that when she fails, he will have an excuse to dismiss her. Molly meets Henry Tyroon , an aggressive wheeler dealer who dresses, talks, and acts like a stereotypical Texas millionaire. He's more interested in her than in Universal Widgets, but decides to help in order to get closer to her. As they spend time together, Molly watches Henry make complicated business deals, often in partnership with his Texan cronies, Jay Ray , Ray Jay , and J.R. . One such deal is a venture into dealing modern art, with the aid of Stanislas , a cynical avant-garde painter. Molly and Henry have trouble figuring out Universal Widgets' reason for existence; its only factory burned down around the time of the Civil War, it manufactures nothing, and provides no service.  It's just a corporation on paper... whose sole asset is a huge block of shares in AT&T, bought long, long ago when it was ridiculously cheap. Now it pays hefty regular dividends to its complacent shareholders. When Henry makes an attempt to take control of the undervalued company by questionable methods, over-enthusiastic government regulator Hector Vanson  takes him to court. Further complications arise when Jay Ray, Ray Jay, and J.R. get Molly fired so she can spend more time with Henry; she thinks Henry is responsible. The case is dismissed when it is determined that all the shares are in the hands of a few people, not the general public. The Texans are bought out . Once the Texas trio confess that they got Molly fired, she and Henry make up."] ["The story focuses on struggling Hollywood film producer Charlie Berns, who is on the verge of suicide when his aspiring screenwriter nephew Lionel arrives from New Jersey with a script about 19th century British statesman Benjamin Disraeli. Charlie agrees to make the film, but he converts the literate PBS-style script into the action adventure Middle Eastern espionage film Ben Disraeli: Freedom Fighter. He casts African American Bobby Mason, a recent convert to Judaism, in the title role and proceeds to set up locations in South Africa. When Bobby is kidnapped during filming, Charlie devises a way to keep his project going. He moves his crew to Prague and begins to film Lionel's original script without advising studio heads of his plan."] [' The story of Casino Royale is told in an episodic format and is best outlined in "chapters". Val Guest oversaw the assembly of the sections, although he turned down the credit of "co-ordinating director".<ref nameOpening sequencePlot summaryon}} tall, leaving him as the "big man" who gets all the girls. Jimmy goes to check on The Detainer, and tries to convince her to be his queen, she apparently agrees, but foils his plan by poisoning him with one of his own atomic pills, which will cause him to hiccup till he explodes. Sir James, Moneypenny, Mata and Coop manage to escape from their cell and fight their way back to the Casino Director\'s office where Sir James establishes Vesper is a double agent. The casino is then overrun by secret agents and a battle ensues. Eventually, Jimmy\'s atomic pill explodes, destroying Casino Royale along with everyone inside. Sir James and all of his agents then appear in heaven and Jimmy Bond is shown descending to hell.'] ['Two young newlyweds from a provincial town, Wanda  and Ivan Cavalli , arrive in Rome for their honeymoon. Wanda is obsessed with the "White Sheik" , the hero of a soap opera photo strip and sneaks off to find him, leaving her conventional, petit bourgeois husband in hysterics as he tries to hide his wife\'s disappearance from his strait-laced relatives who are waiting to go with them to visit the Pope.'] ['Set in the 1900s, the film is about a lone woman, Lena Doyle  who finds herself threatened by tough businessmen who want to take her land which possesses shares of crude oil. Rather than settle and sell the land she rightfully owns, Lena decides to fight and to do this, she asks for the help of her father  and a hired gun named Mason .'] ['The circus strongman , and the midget  are accomplices of the bad guy Carter ([[James Burke  who is trying to take over the circus. In the animal car, they knock Wilson  out and steal his $10,000 http://data.bls.gov/cgi-bin/cpicalc.pl?cost11939&year2=2011. Groucho, as lawyer J. Cheever Loophole, arrives to handle the situation. He caves in when he sees Pendleton and makes an absolute fool of himself with Little Professor Atom.  In order to help Wilson, he first tries to get the money from Carter\'s moll, Peerless Pauline , but fails miserably. Then he calls on Mrs. Dukesbury , and cons her into paying $10,000 for the Wilson Circus to entertain the Newport 400, instead of a performance by an orchestra conducted by a Frenchman named Jardinet . The "400 of Newport" are delighted with the circus; when Jardinet arrives, Groucho, who also delayed Jardinet by implicating him in a "dope ring," disposes of the Frenchman and his orchestra by having them play on a floating bandstand down at the water\'s edge. Chico and Harpo cut the mooring rope and the musicians play the Prelude to Act Three of Lohengrin by Wagner, serenading the waves. Meanwile, Carter and his cronies try to burn down the circus, but are thwarted by the brothers, along with the only witness to the robbery - the gorilla , who also retrieves Wilson\'s ten thousand dollars.'] ['Fielding Mellish  is the main character, but he does not appear until after the opening credits. The cold open, which featured the assassination of the president of the fictional "banana republic" of San Marcos that completed a coup d\'état bringing Gen. Emilio Molina Vargas  to power, sets up the situation that Mellish would enter later in the movie. The scene was in the form of a championship boxing telecast on Wide World of Sports, with Don Dunphy as the host and Howard Cosell as the commentator.Warren, James. "Press Goes \'Bananas,\'" Chicago Tribune, Sunday, October 30, 1994. Mellish is a neurotic blue collar man who tries to impress social activist Nancy  by trying to get in touch with the revolution in San Marcos. He visits the republic and attempts to show his concern for the native people. However, nearly killed by the local caudillo, only to be saved by the revolutionaries, he is then indebted to help them. Mellish clumsily learns how to be a revolutionary. When the revolution is successful, the Castro-style leader goes mad, forcing the rebels to place Mellish as their President. When traveling back to the U.S. to obtain financial aid, he reunites with his activist ex-girlfriend and is exposed. In a classic courtroom scene, Mellish tries to defend himself from a series of incriminating witnesses, including a reigning Miss America and a middle-aged African-American woman who facetiously claims to be J. Edgar Hoover and is taken seriously by the whole court. One of the witnesses did provide testimony favorable to Mellish, but the court clerk twisted it to make him appear thoroughly dishonest. Mellish is eventually sentenced to prison, but his sentence is suspended on the condition that he does not move into the judge\'s neighborhood. Nancy then agrees to marry him. The film ends with the between-the-covers consummation of their marriage, an event that was over much more quickly than Nancy had anticipated. Like the opening scene, it was accompanied by Cosell providing commentary.'] ["Colleen Gibson doesn't realize live-in boyfriend Dick Rasmusson, a third-rate private detective, has been cheating on her until phony psychic Madame Hugonaut inadvertently provides accurate details about his most recent indiscretion. When Colleen confronts him with what she believes is an empty gun, she shoots and kills Dick, who ironically had loaded the firearm without her knowledge. Enter Daniel Gallagher, an Irish mobster whose desire to be a crooner was dampened by his ex-girlfriend Mary when she laughed at his singing. Daniel has managed not to kill anyone in his short career as a hit man, so when he discovers Colleen has murdered Dick, who was next on his hit list, he's happy to take the credit and tell his boss and brother-in-law Jared O'Reilly that he finally completed an assignment. Unfortunately, Jared starts giving him a lot more, and Daniel enlists Colleen to do his dirty work for him. Complicating matters are Daniel's sister Ivy, who would like to see her husband dead; two bumbling detectives investigating Dick's murder; and the reappearance of Mary and her new beau, mumbling Tony Moretti."] ['Kansas  is a stunt coordinator in charge of horses on a western being shot in a small Peruvian village. Following a tragic incident on the set where an actor is killed in a stunt, Kansas decides to quit the movie business and stay in Peru with a local woman. Kansas thinks he has found paradise, but is soon called in to help in a bizarre incident: the Peruvian natives are "filming" their own movie with "cameras" made of sticks, and acting out real western movie violence, as they don\'t understand movie fakery. The film touches on the ideas of fiction versus reality, especially in regards to cinema. The movie is presented in a way that challenges the viewer\'s traditional cinematic understanding of storytelling, by presenting the story in a non-chronological fashion, and by including several devices typically only seen behind the scenes of filmmaking , and the use of jarring jump cuts.'] ['After 29 years of marriage, Alberto  and his socialite frau, Natalie , have little to say to each other. While on summer vacation at their ranch, Alberto suddenly notices a fluffy white sheep and has his overseer, Miranda , put it in the barn. That night, overcome with lust, he gives in to an urgent desire to visit "Fanny." Natalie begins to notice a funny smell on Alberto\'s clothes and accidentally witnesses his showdown with the overseer, who has also noticed the sheep\'s attractiveness. But unlike the lustful Miranda, Alberto is deeply in love with Fanny. In a delicate scene full of ambiguous nuances, he tries to teach her to pronounce his name, recognizing what he wants to hear in her inarticulate bleating. He becomes mortally jealous of a black ram and finally stages a marriage ceremony on the lawn to cement his love. Alberto ruthlessly eliminates all those who refuse to understand his feelings, and story slips into blood-soaked horror mode.'] ["{{Expand section}} Cheung is employed to play the film-within-the-film's heroine, Irma Vep , a burglar, who spends most of the film dressed in a tight, black, latex rubber catsuit, defending her director's odd choices to hostile crew members and journalists. As the film progresses, the plot mirrors the disorientation felt by the film's director. Cheung the character is in many ways seen by other characters as an exotic sex object dressed in a latex catsuit; both the director and Cheung's costume designer Zoe  have crushes on her."] ['David and Linda Howard are typical 1980s yuppies in Los Angeles who are fed up with their lifestyle. He works in an advertising agency and she for a department store. But after he fails to receive a promotion he was counting on and is asked to transfer to the firm\'s New York office instead, David angrily insults his boss and is fired. He coaxes his wife to quit her job as well and seek a new adventure. The Howards decide to liquidate their assets and drop out, "like in Easy Rider", heading out to see the country in a Winnebago recreational vehicle. They leave L.A. with "nest egg", but don\'t get very far. The plan goes awry when Linda loses nearly all their cash playing roulette at the Desert Inn Casino in Las Vegas. Out of money and with nowhere to go, the couple ends up in Safford, Arizona. David unsuccessfully applies for a delivery job at a local pharmacy and resorts to an employment agency. Obnoxiously reminded by a counselor about being fired from his high-paying job in advertising, David accepts the best position available—as a crossing guard, taunted by local school kids. Linda, meanwhile, has found employment as the assistant manager at the local Der Wienerschnitzel, working under a kid half her age. She and David are living in a trailer park, almost broke and now accountable to brats. Only a few days after beginning their pursuit of the dream of dropping out of society, they decide that it is better to get back their old lifestyle as soon as possible. They point the Winnebago toward New York, where David begs for his old job back.'] ["Swedish efficiency researchers come to Norway for a study of Norwegian men, to optimize their use of their kitchen. Folke Nilsson  is assigned to study the habits of Isak Bjørvik . By the rules of the research institute, Folke has to sit on an umpire's chair in Isak's kitchen and observe him from there, but never talk to him. Isak stops using his kitchen and observes Folke through a hole in the ceiling instead. However, the two lonely men slowly overcome the initial post-war Norwegian-Swede distrust and become friends."] ["Doctors and patients at a severely underfunded veterans' hospital rebel against bureaucracy-minded administrators by doing whatever it takes to ensure proper care."] ["Abner Peacock's beloved bird-watcher's magazine, The Peacock, is in financial crisis. Desperate to stay afloat, Abner takes on a new partner, Osborn Tremain , who has an agenda of the own: to publish a sexy gentleman's magazine, which he can only do by taking over Abner's, since he has been convicted too often of sending obscene material through the mails. Before the hapless bird-watcher can stop the Tremains, the first issue sells over 40 million copies, and Abner becomes the unwilling spokesman for First Amendment rights. Swept up in adulation, the unwitting playboy quickly begins settling into the swinging bachelor lifestyle. Some have described the film as a quirky comedy, while others considered it a remarkably precognitive satire,{{Citation needed}} featuring the loveable actor at his best."] ['The film features József Pelikán as a single father who previously participated in the WW2 communist movement of Hungary, but is now working at a dyke. He meets an old friend from the underground communist movement, Zoltán Dániel, now a government official who fishes at the Danube, near the dyke. Dániel falls in the river, and Pelikán rescues him and invites him to his home. The ÁVH receive a report stating Pelikán committed an illegal act of slaughtering a pig for food. Dániel tries to save him, but accidentally opens a hidden door to the basement, where all the pork had been hidden. Pelikán is taken to prison and later released, due to the "will of the higher command". Comrade Virág gives various assignments to Pelikán such as being the CEO of a swimming pool, an amusement park, and an orange-research facility; all to cause Pelikán to be the witness in a show trial against Zoltán Dániel. Before the trial they present Pelikán with testimony he must memorize, but Pelikán decides to tell the truth. He is thrown back in prison as a reprisal. While awaiting hanging, the political climate changes and he is released and meets Comrade Virág who has lost all his former power and influence.'] ['Lita, the daughter  of a wealthy couple  tries to prevent their divorce by "throwing herself" at "movie sheik" Maurice Mansfield . Meanwhile, a young doctor  is interested in Lita.'] ['Rudy Robles  is told by his mother to pick up his cousin Javier  at a factory before she leaves for Fresno. Robles arrives shortly before immigration officials raid the factory looking for illegals. Because he is carrying no identification, and his mother and sister are not available to verify he is a US citizen, Robles is deported with the illegals to Mexico. Ironically, Robles cannot speak more than very simple Spanglish, though he is fluent in German from having served in Germany in the United States Army. In Tijuana, Robles becomes friends with ex-con Jimmy ([[Daniel Stern  and a waitress named Dolores . Unable to contact with his mother, Robles makes repeated attempts to cross the border, all ending in failure. Jimmy offers to get him back to home for a price. Having left home without his wallet, Robles works for Jimmy as doorman at a strip club, earning extra money selling oranges and teaching two Central Americans and three others would be illegals to walk and talk like East Los Angeles natives. They become called the "Waas Sappening Boys" or "What\'s Happening Boys". Robles falls in love with Dolores and finally raises the money needed to be smuggled across the border. He goes on a date with Dolores and the next day, Robles bids farewell to Jimmy, receives a last kiss goodbye from Dolores and climbs into the Coyote\'s truck. He sees a woman pleading to be taken for free because her husband is already in the truck and their family is in the United States. Robles gives the woman his place. Robles stands for the last time on the hill of the Mexico – United States border while two Immigration Officers sit in their truck watching in laughter. The song "America" by Neil Diamond is heard as hundreds appear and race forward to reach the American Dream. The Immigration Officers hide in their truck. Rudy, Dolores, and their "Waas Up" friends walk with their heads up high into the United States. At the end as the titles roll, the song version of "Born in East L.A." plays.'] ['One day in the fictional town Hillside in Southern California, the supplier of prescription medication to the students at the local high school, Troy Johnson , commits suicide. Troy\'s best friend Dean {{Not a typo}} , who found the body, is prescribed more antidepressants by his psychiatrist father Bill . When Dean returns to school, he is antagonized by drug dealers Billy  and Lee , who were supplied by Troy. Their friend, Crystal Falls , flirts with Dean, but he soon realizes that her true intentions are for Dean to retrieve the remaining drugs in Troy\'s home and give them to her, Billy and Lee, and he refuses to cooperate. To force Dean to procure the drugs, Billy and Lee plan to kidnap Dean\'s brother, Charlie , as a ransom, but they end up kidnapping Charlie Bratley ([[Thomas Curtis  instead of Charlie {{Not a typo}}. The kidnappers hold Charlie Bratley &ndash; whose parents are still unaware that he is missing &ndash; overnight at Crystal\'s home, and Dean eventually agrees to go to Troy\'s home to find the drugs. As Dean delivers the drugs, though, Billy discovers that the bag doesn\'t contain drugs at all. An angry Billy starts a fight with Dean, and Dean is arrested. While trying to explain everything to Officer Lou Bratley ([[John Heard , who happens to be Charlie Bratley\'s father, Dean reveals that his brother Charlie replaced the drugs with a bag of the vitamins that their mother Allie  sells. Neither Officer Bratley nor Dean\'s father believes Dean\'s story, but he is released, whereupon his father increases the dosage of the antidepressants that Dean is taking. Later, a flashback will reveal that Charlie {{Not a typo}} crushed the real drugs and put them into a casserole that his mother was making for Troy\'s memorial. The next day is Troy\'s memorial service and the wedding of Mayor Michael Ebbs  to Charlie Bratley\'s mother Terri . Lou finally realized that his son actually had been kidnapped and headed out to look for him. Now at Lee\'s house, Crystal asks Lee to help stop the kidnapping scheme, but he does not comply. Crystal goes to Dean\'s house for help, where she finds him hallucinating about Troy\'s death and finally expressing his grief. Meanwhile, a paranoid Lee tries to stab and kill Charlie Bratley to avoid being caught, but Charlie fights back and slices the knife through Billy\'s eye. Billy runs out into the street, screaming in pain, and is hit by Lou\'s police car. Dean goes into Troy\'s memorial, where all of the visitors are intoxicated by the drugs that Charlie {{Not a typo}} put into the casserole that his mother made. Troy\'s mother, Carrie , discloses to Dean that she never knew her own son. Dean tells her about Troy, and she thanks him. Billy is later sent to prison, while Lee gets acquitted. A closing voice over explains that Dean and Crystal "escape together", and they are shown kissing.'] ["Clare Lipkin  is a recent widow, dealing with everything from houseguest Lisabeth , to Lisabeth's libidinous ex  to family problems. She is also being haunted by the ghost of her recently deceased husband . Lisabeth's houseboy Juan  and Clare's chauffeur Frank  make a bet on which of them can seduce the other's employer first. The bisexual Frank puts up cash for the wager but if he wins he wants Juan to sleep with him. Juan wins the bet but claims that he lost and has sex with Frank anyway."] ["On a campsite at the Belgian coast - where everybody wants to live in complete freedom and forget the obligations of everyday life - Jan Bucquoy, the delegate of the Ministry of Culture, must bring culture nearer to the working class. He presents things like Bertolt Brecht's play, Mother Courage and Her Children or an interview with the famous writer Pierre Mertens, but the vacationers at this caravan park are more interested in low-brow distractions, like soccer, boxing matches or beauty contests, as well as sexual adventures and temporary romances."] ['The film is about two couples: Jack  and Sally , and Gabe  and Judy . The film starts when Jack and Sally arrive at Gabe and Judy\'s apartment and announce their separation. Gabe is shocked, but Judy takes the news personally and is very hurt. Still confused, they go out for dinner at a Chinese restaurant. A few weeks later Sally goes to the apartment of a colleague. They plan to go out together to the opera and then to dinner. Sally asks if she can use his phone, and calls Jack. Learning from him that he has met someone, she accuses him of having had an affair during their marriage. Judy and Gabe are introduced to Jack\'s new girlfriend, Sam, an aerobics trainer. While Judy and Sam shop, Gabe calls Jack\'s new girlfriend a "cocktail waitress" and tells him that he is crazy for leaving Sally for her. About a week later, Judy introduces Sally to Michael , Judy\'s magazine colleague. Michael asks Sally out. Meanwhile, Gabe has developed a friendship with a student of his, Rain, and has her read the manuscript for his working novel. She comments on its brilliance, though has several criticisms, to which Gabe reacts defensively due to its autobiographical nature. Less than two weeks later, Jack and Sally are back together and the couple meet Judy and Gabe for dinner like old times. After dinner, Judy and Gabe get into an argument about her not sharing her poetry with him, then argue about many things. After Gabe makes a failed pass at her, Judy tells him that she thinks the relationship was over; a week later Gabe moves out. Judy begins seeing Michael. Michael tells Judy he needs time alone, then says he can\'t help still having feelings for Sally. Judy becomes frustrated with Michael and walks out into the rain. Highlighting her "passive aggressiveness," Michael follows and begs her to stay with him. A year and a half later they marry. At the end, the audience sees a pensive Jack and Sally back together. Jack and Sally admit their marital problems still exist , but they find they accept their problems as simply the price they have to pay to remain together. Gabe is living alone because he says he\'s out of the race and doesn\'t want to hurt anyone. He said that he realized how much how he messed up with his relationship with Judy. The film ends with an immediate cut to black after Gabe pleads with the unseen documentary crew, "Can I go? Is this over?"'] ['Blessed with beauty, wealth and charisma the "Flawless Four" are the most popular girls in Reagan High school. The clique consists of Courtney Shayne ; Marcie Fox ; Julie Freeman ; and Elizabeth Purr , the "Princess Di of Reagan High." Of the four, Elizabeth Purr was the only one who was genuinely kind-hearted and loved by the entire school. Julie was "doomed to be popular because of \'that face\' and because she was best friends with Elizabeth Purr". Cold-blooded queen bee Courtney and her airheaded friend, Marcie, demanded respect through terror. However, Courtney, Marcie and Julie play a mindless prank on Liz the morning of her seventeenth birthday, by performing a fake kidnapping with Courtney ramming a jawbreaker into her mouth to gag her. Still in her underwear, the girls trap Liz in the trunk of a car and drive off. However, upon opening the trunk, they are greeted with the grisly sight of Liz dead, having choked to death by aspirating the jawbreaker into her larynx. Horrified, Julie wants to go to the police but Courtney forbids her. Instead, Courtney calls the school pretending to be Liz\'s mother and tells them Liz is ill and cannot attend school. To keep up appearances, Courtney, Marcie and Julie then go to school as though nothing had happened. When the principal sends school outcast Fern Mayo  to deliver Liz\'s homework at the end of the day, she stumbles upon the three girls and Liz\'s mangled body. Out of jealousy, Courtney fabricates a story that Liz died at the hands of a rapist, and plots to tarnish Liz\'s good reputation by spreading false rumors that she was actually a rebellious, promiscuous girl, and not the perfect angel she made herself out to be. Fern, who had admired Liz to the point of hero worship, is appalled and attempts to flee the house, but the girls easily catch her. To buy Fern\'s silence, Courtney accepts Fern into the clique, telling her to take Liz\'s place. Courtney and Marcie then give her a makeover, transforming her from plain and awkward to elegant and beautiful. Later in the school cafeteria, Courtney introduces Fern as the beautiful exchange student "Vylette." Julie, overwhelmed by guilt at her part in Liz\'s death, distances herself from the clique, only to be tormented by her former friends and becomes a new target for abuse throughout the school. Her only real friend during this time is her drama student boyfriend, Zack. As Vylette\'s popularity soars, Julie watches in mute horror as Courtney spins a relentless web of lies, trickery and manipulation to cover up the murder and maintain her popularity. Julie discovers, to her disgust, that after they\'d returned Liz\'s corpse to her house, Courtney went out and seduced a stranger  at a sleazy bar and had sex with him in Liz\'s bed, making it seem as though he had raped Liz. In time, Vylette becomes intoxicated with her newfound popularity, which has eclipsed Courtney\'s own. Realizing she has created a monster, Courtney threatens to reveal the truth about Vylette, but Vylette vows she will reveal the whole truth about Liz\'s death if Courtney attempts to expose her. Infuriated, Courtney and Marcie post enlarged yearbook photos of Fern Mayo all over the school with the message "Who is Vylette" written on them, revealing Vylette\'s true identity. Fern is thoroughly humiliated by the entire school and once again reduced to an outcast. Feeling no remorse for the things she has done, Courtney casually attends the senior prom with jock Dane Sanders , who was in love with Liz before she died. Julie takes pity on Fern and forgives her for falling under Courtney\'s influence. Later that night as she sulks in her room, going through a bag of Liz\'s belongings that were given to her, Julie finds the recording card she was fiddling with when Courtney was faking Liz\'s death and discovers it has incidentally recorded Courtney\'s admission to the murder. Struck with an idea, Julie, Fern and Zack all hurry to the prom. Upon seeing them, Courtney, Marcie and a few of their acquaintances call Julie and Fern names and try to embarrass them, but it backfires when the girls completely ignore their taunts and go on with their plan. Later on, as Dane and Courtney are announced as Prom King and Queen, Zack sneaks backstage and broadcasts the card message over the sound system while Courtney is making her acceptance speech. Dane  quickly abandons Courtney. Horrified that her scheme has become unraveled, she races for the exit as the rest of the students pelt her with corsages and call her a murderer. Awaiting Courtney at the very end of the mob is Julie, who gleefully snaps a picture of her former friend\'s anguished face to immortalize the occasion.'] ['With the aid of Louise , owlish Brewster  constructs a pair of human-size wings in his Houston Astrodome nest to realize his dream. Meanwhile creeps, including a witchy "Star-Spangled Banner"-belting crone  and Brewster\'s skinflint boss , keep turning up dead and covered with bird droppings. The Houston Establishment calls in blue-eyed, turtleneck-wearing, "San Francisco super cop" Frank Shaft  to investigate. Brewster cooks his goose, when he defies Louise\'s edict against sex and hooks up with Astrodome usher Suzanne . She impressed him  by out-driving Shaft in her Road Runner. Despite her sweetness, Suzanne will not compromise her comfortable home to choose flight with Brewster.  The film opens with the MGM logo, as usual, but with the voice of Rene Auberjonois saying, "I forgot the opening line," replacing the lion roar.Hollywood Lost and Found - Studio Logos - MGM'] ['The film is set in Moscow not long after the October Revolution where a complaining stray dog looks for food and shelter. A well-off well-known surgeon Filip Filippovich Preobrazhensky happens to need a dog and lures the animal to his big home annex practice with a piece of sausage. The dog is named Sharik and well taken care of by the doctor\'s maids, but still wonders why he\'s there. He finds out too late he\'s needed as a test animal: the doctor implants a pituitary gland and testicles of a recently deceased alcoholic and petty criminal Klim Chugunkin into Sharik. Sharik proceeds to become more and more human during the next days. After his transition to human is complete, it turns out that he inherited all the negative traits of the donor - bad manners, aggressiveness, use of profanity, heavy drinking - but still hates cats. He picks for himself an absurd name Poligraf Poligrafovich Sharikov, starts working at the "Moscow Cleansing Department responsible for eliminating vagrant quadrupeds " and associating with revolutionaries, who plot to drive Preobrazhensky out of his big apartment. Eventually he turns the life in the professor\'s house into a nightmare by stealing money, breaking his furniture, a water ballet during a cat chase and blackmailing into marriage a girl he met at the cinema. The professor with his assistant are then urged to reverse the procedure. Sharikov turns back into a dog. As Sharik he does remember little about what has happened to him but isn\'t much concerned about that. To his content he is left to life in the professor\'s apartment.'] ["When printer John R. Hodges  is forced to retire at age 65 because of a company policy, he decides to do something about it. Dyeing his hair black, he poses as Harold P. Cleveland, the president of his former employer's parent company and goes on an inspection tour of his old workplace, with the firm's nervous, mystified executives in tow. While walking around the plant, Hodges runs into Joe Elliott , the boyfriend of his granddaughter Alice , and winks at him to let him in on the joke. Afterward, Hodges complains about the lack of experienced older employees, causing company president Louis McKinley  to promise to rescind the retirement policy and rehire all those affected by it within the past year. However, before he can depart, Hodges finds that McKinley has arranged for him to address the local Chamber of Commerce. Hodges is up to the challenge, delivering a rousing speech about the virtues of the older worker. He receive a standing ovation, the newspapers praise him, and even the stock market rises on the optimism generated. Hodges is taken to dinner by McKinley and his neglected wife Lucille . McKinley, it turns out, is more interested in his curvaceous private secretary Harriet . Hodges has a wonderful time, dancing the night away with Lucille. Swept away by his compliments and attention, she fancies herself in love with him. Later that night, she tells her dumbfounded husband that she wants a divorce. Meanwhile, Joe is unable to convince anybody that Cleveland is actually an impostor. Frank Erickson , his rival for a promotion, and the entire Hodges family - son George , daughter-in-law Della , and Alice - all think Joe is crazy. However, when Hodges returns home with his dyed hair, Joe is vindicated. Since Hodges will be exposed anyway, Della proposes that Joe turn him in so that he can get the promotion, but Joe refuses to do it. The next day, Erickson finally believes Joe and tries to warn their mutual boss Horace Gallagher , but Gallagher thinks Erickson is mentally unstable and gives the promotion to Joe. This enables Joe to finally propose to Alice. Meanwhile, the real Harold Cleveland  is in an awkward position. The speech has done wonders for his and his company's image and even raised the price of the company's stock, but he is unsure of his impostor's motives. When McKinley discovers Hodges' identity and informs Cleveland, he decides to pay him a visit. Lucille gets there first, but Hodges tells her he will not come between a man and his wife, and that he suspects she is still in love with her husband. McKinley barges in and apologizes to his wife; the happy couple kiss and make up. When Cleveland meets Hodges, he is reassured that the old man has no sinister intentions. Cleveland is so impressed that he offers Hodges a job advising him on public relations, but gets turned down."] ['Huckleberry Bass , an American fur trapper, is making his way back home with a full cargo of hides when he encounters a group of Kiowa Indians led by Two Crows , who insist on taking his furs. As "payment" they offer him a slave, Joseph Lee , who they had previously taken from a group of Comanches. Reluctantly, realising he cannot fight them, Bass agrees to the trade. Bass is slightly bemused by his new companion, who is a well-educated and refined house slave, unused to the ways of the West. Bass orders him to help him recover the furs from the Kiowa. Lee only agrees to help if Bass agrees to take him to Mexico where slavery is outlawed. Bass is not amused, but the two strike up a friendly relationship, with Bass teaching Lee how to catch food in the West. As Lee and Bass come upon the Kiowa, they watch them being ambushed by a group of scalphunters, white Americans and Mexicans who were offered a bounty by the government for each Native scalp they brought in. These scalphunters, led by Jim Howie , kill the Kiowa and also steal the furs which Bass had hoped to recover. He and Lee are forced to track the party, hoping to take back the furs. Unfortunately, while spying on them, Lee tips over a cliff and is captured by the scalphunters, who decide they can sell him for $1500 in Galveston, Texas. As they travel southwards, Jim Howie\'s girlfriend, Kate , reveals to Lee that they are heading for Mexico. He begins to win her favor, by doing her hair and telling her fortune, hoping she will persuade Howie to take him with them across the border, rather than sell him. Bass meanwhile has been following closely on their trail, and at one point he pins them down with sniper fire, forcing them to let loose the packhorse carrying the furs. He is ambushed, however, and the scalphunters recover the furs and proceed on their way. Approaching their camp at night, Bass tries to persuade Lee to help him, but the slave is now set on going to Mexico and refuses him assistance. Bass kills several of the scalphunters, by intentionally starting a rock avalanche in the mountains near where they are situated. After again failing to secure the furs, Bass contaminates the water of a nearby creek with a toxin that causes the scalphunters\' horses to run and buck wildly as they drink the water. Now thoroughly fed up, and wanting to make it to Mexico in safety, they send Lee as a courier to Bass telling him he can keep the furs. A wary Bass comes down to collect the lone packhorse, and is ambushed by Howie who had always intended to break the deal. In an ensuing struggle Howie is shot dead by Lee. The bickering Bass and Lee then break into a long fight, in which neither can defeat the other. Meanwhile, a group of Kiowa attack and overrun the scalphunters. Two Crows, who had survived an earlier massacre, has fetched reinforcements. He takes back the furs, per their earlier deal. The story ends with Bass and Lee, now friends, preparing to follow the Kiowa to take back the furs.'] ['The movie opens with Ruth Stoops and a man  having intercourse on a bed in a flophouse, after which he disrespectfully throws her out of the apartment. She later goes to a hardware store to buy patio sealant and huffs it in a paper bag in an alley to get high. Ruth is portrayed as a dumb, inebriated addict, capable of doing nearly anything to get money or drugs. Ruth has 4 kids, all of whom have been taken from her custody by the state because of her inability to care for them . Her kids are scattered among three different homes. Ruth goes to the home of her brother and sister-in-law to sneak a look at two of her kids and to beg her brother for money. After Ruth is arrested for her continuing drug use, she learns that she is pregnant again. At her arraignment, she learns to her horror that she is facing felony charges; her many earlier arrests had all been on misdemeanor charges. The judge, who knows of the situation with Ruth\'s other offspring, suggests to her after the hearing that he will deal with her less harshly if she has an abortion. Through a chance encounter with a group of jailed abortion protesters, Ruth soon finds herself at the center of an escalating battle between people on both sides of the abortion issue. Both sides engage in deceitful tactics to influence Ruth\'s decision. The pro-life people run a fake abortion clinic, where they actually seek to dissuade patients from receiving the proffered service. The pro-choice people have "spies" in the pro-life group who spirit Ruth away. Both sides offer incentives into the thousands of dollars to the hapless and exhilarated woman to secure her promise that she keep or abort the child. Wise for the dollar, Ruth rampantly encourages the bidding. She becomes the object of a local news and political obsession; a figure of the media whom all want to know: Will she or won\'t she have an abortion? On the day Ruth is to receive her abortion, she suffers a miscarriage. Going along with the pretense of having the abortion, she proceeds to the clinic to collect $15,000 that has been left there for her by one of the security guards of the clinic who believes in personal freedom. He has personally given her the money, free of organizational sponsorship, to match the bid given by the Pro-Life group, so that she can make her decision without the influence of money. She then breaks out of the clinic by dropping a toilet tank cover on a guard\'s head and walks by oblivious protesters on both sides. Even though she\'d been on the TV news for weeks, none of the picketers on either side pay any attention to her actual presence. Finally standing up, she runs away down the street. A running joke in the movie is a "Success in Finance" type tape produced by an Amway type company. Ruth takes the tape and studies it to determine what to do with her new found money.'] ['The film begins with a stand-alone 17-minute supporting feature entitled The Crimson Permanent Assurance . A group of elderly office clerks in a small accounting firm rebel against their emotionlessly efficient, yuppie corporate masters. They commandeer their building, turn it into a pirate ship, and sail into a large financial districts, where they raid and overthrow a large multinational corporation. The film proper consists of a series of distinct sketches, broken into seven chapters. ;Part I – The Miracle Of Birth * A woman in labour is taken into a hospital delivery room, where she is largely ignored by doctors  and nurses, who are more concerned with using the hospital\'s most expensive equipment to impress the hospital\'s administrator . * In Yorkshire, a Roman Catholic man  with impossibly many children loses his job, leaving him with no way to feed his children. They discuss the church\'s opposition to the use of contraception, leading into the musical number "Every Sperm Is Sacred". Watching this unfold, a Protestant man  proudly lectures his wife on their church\'s tolerance towards having intercourse for fun, although his frustrated wife points out that they never do. ;Part II – Growth and Learning *A school master  and chaplain  conduct a non-sensical Anglican church service in an English public school. The master lectures the boys on excessively detailed school etiquette regarding the school cormorant, and hanging clothes on the correct peg. In a subsequent class, the schoolboys watch in boredom as the master gives a sex education lesson, by physically demonstrating techniques with his wife . Later, a team of boys is beaten – physically and on the scoreboard – in a violent rugby match against the masters. ;Part III – Fighting Each Other * A World War I officer  attempts to rally his men to find cover during an attack, but is hindered by their insistence on celebrating his birthday, complete with presents and cake. * A blustery army RSM  attempts to drill a platoon of men, but ends up left alone when he dismisses each to pursue leisure activities. * In 1879, during the Anglo-Zulu War in Natal, a devastating attack by Zulus is dismissed in lieu of a far more pressing matter: one of the officers  has had his leg bitten off during the night. The military doctor  hypothesises that, despite not being native to Africa, a tiger might be the perpetrator. A hunting party is formed, which encounters two suspicious men  dressed in two halves of a tiger suit, who attempt to assert their innocence through a succession of increasingly feeble excuses as to why they are dressed as a tiger. ;The Middle of the Film * A woman , as if on a talk-show called "The Middle of the Film" introduces a segment called "Find The Fish" – a brief surreal piece in which a drag queen , a gangly playboy , and an elephant-headed butler eerily challenge the audience to find a fish in the scene. ;Part IV – Middle Age * A middle-aged American couple  heads to a dungeon-themed Hawaiian restaurant at a holiday resort. They are presented with a menu of conversation topics by the waiter , and choose philosophy and the meaning of life. Their awkward and generally uninformed conversation quickly grinds to a halt, and they send it back, complaining "this conversation isn\'t very good." ;Part V – Live Organ Transplants * Two paramedics  arrive at the doorstep of Mr Brown, a card-carrying organ donor , to claim his liver, gruesomely operating on him against his will. Cleese\'s paramedic unsuccessfully attempts to chat up Mrs Brown, then requests her liver as well. She initially declines, but after a man  sings a song about man\'s insignificance in the universe , she agrees. *In a large corporate boardroom, a businessman straight-forwardly summarises his two-part report on the meaning of life: that the human soul must be "brought into existence by a process of guided self-observation", which rarely happens; and that "people aren\'t wearing enough hats." This is followed by an attempted takeover of the building by the Crimson Permanent Assurance from the short feature. ;Part VI – The Autumn Years * A posh restaurant, complete with a pianist , is visited by Mr. Creosote , an impossibly fat man in his autumn years. He swears at the unflappable maître d\' , projectile vomits copiously, and orders and finishes an enormous meal and a huge quantity of beer and wine – to the disgust of other patrons. After finishing, the maître d\' offers him a small after-dinner mint, before running and hiding to watch Creosote explode, showering the restaurant with human entrails and vomit. Afterwards, two of the restaurant\'s staff offer their own thoughts on the meaning of life. ;Part VII – Death *A condemned man  is allowed to choose the manner of his execution: being chased off the edge of a cliff by a horde of topless women. *The Grim Reaper  visits an isolated country house, and finds himself invited into a dinner party. Not knowing who he is, the dinner guests spend a lot of time arguing with him before finally being persuaded to shuffle off their mortal coils. *The dinner guests arrive in Heaven, a bright Las Vegas-style hotel where every day is Christmas. In a large auditorium filled with characters from throughout the movie, a cheesy Tony Bennett-like lounge singer  performs the song "Christmas in Heaven". ;The End of the Film *The hostess from "the Middle of the Film" is handed an envelope containing the meaning of life, and nonchalantly reads it out: :Try and be nice to people, avoid eating fat, read a good book every now and then, get some walking in, and try and live together in peace and harmony with people of all creeds and nations.'] ['Kazakh television personality Borat Sagdiyev leaves Kazakhstan for the "Greatest Country in the World," the "US and A" to make a documentary at the behest of the Kazakh Ministry of Information. He leaves behind his wife Oksana and other inhabitants of his village including "the town rapist", "the town mechanic and abortionist", bringing along his producer Azamat Bagatov and a pet chicken. In New York, Borat sees an episode of Baywatch on television and immediately falls in love with Pamela Anderson. While interviewing and mocking a panel of feminists, he learns her name and her residence in California. Borat is then informed by telegram that his wife has been killed by a bear. Delighted, he secretly resolves to make Anderson his new wife in California; Azamat is told they are going to California because "Pearl Harbor is there. So is Texas." Azamat is afraid of flying because of the September 11, 2001 attacks, which he believes were the work of Jews. Borat, therefore, takes driving lessons and buys a dilapidated ice-cream truck for the journey. During the trip, Borat acquires a Baywatch booklet at a yard sale and continues gathering footage for his documentary. He meets gay pride parade participants, politicians Alan Keyes and Bob Barr, and African American youths. Borat is also interviewed on live television and disrupts the weather report. Visiting a rodeo, Borat excites the crowd with jingoistic American remarks, but then sings a fictional Kazakhstani national anthem to the tune of "The Star-Spangled Banner", receiving a strong negative reaction. Staying at a bed-and-breakfast, Borat and his producer are stunned to learn their hosts are Jewish. Fearful at the hands of their hosts, the two escape after throwing money toward cockroaches, believing they are their Jewish hosts transformed. While Azamat advises a return to New York, Borat attempts to buy a handgun to defend himself against Jews. When told he cannot buy a gun because he is not an American citizen, Borat purchases a bear for protection. Borat seeks advice from an etiquette coach who suggests that Borat attends a private dinner at an eating club in the South, at which he  insults or otherwise offends the other guests, and gets kicked out after he lets Luenell, an African-American prostitute, into the house and shows her to the table. Borat befriends Luenell, and she invites him into a relationship with her, but he kindly tells her that he is in love with someone else. Borat then visits an antique shop with a display of Confederate heritage items, breaking glass and crockery. The journey is interrupted when Borat, just out of the bathtub, exits the bathroom of his hotel room and sees Azamat masturbating over a picture of Pamela Anderson in the Baywatch book. Borat becomes enraged and reveals his real motive for traveling to California. Azamat becomes livid at Borat\'s deception, and the situation escalates into a fully nude brawl with homoerotic undertones,Rabin, Nathan. Borat: Cultural Learnings Of America For Make Benefit Glorious Nation Of Kazakhstan. A.V. Club, 2006-11-2. Retrieved on 2007-04-09. which spills out into the hallway, a crowded elevator, and ultimately into a packed convention ballroom. The two are finally separated by security guards. As a result, Azamat abandons Borat, taking his passport, all of their money, and their bear, whose head is later seen inside Azamat\'s motel refrigerator. Borat begins to hitchhike to California, but is soon picked up by drunken fraternity brothers from the University of South Carolina. On learning the reason for his trip, they show him the Pam and Tommy sex video, revealing that she is not the virgin he thought she was. After leaving the three students, Borat becomes despondent, burning the Baywatch booklet and, by mistake, his return ticket to Kazakhstan. He regains his faith after attending a United Pentecostal camp meeting, at which Republican U.S. Representative Chip Pickering and Mississippi Supreme Court Chief Justice James W. Smith, Jr. are present. Borat learns to forgive Azamat and Pamela. He accompanies church members on a bus to Los Angeles and disembarks to find Azamat dressed as Oliver Hardy . The two reconcile and Azamat tells Borat where to find Pamela Anderson. Borat finally comes face-to-face with Anderson at a book signing at a Virgin Megastore. After showing Anderson his "traditional marriage sack," Borat pursues her throughout the store in an attempt to abduct her until he is tackled and handcuffed by security guards. Afterwards, Borat marries Luenell, and returns to Kazakhstan with her. The final scene shows the changes that Borat\'s observations in America have brought to his village, including the apparent conversion of the people to Christianity  and the introduction of computer-based technology, such as iPods, laptop computers and a high-definition, LCD television. The film plays out with a recapitulation of a mock \'Kazakhstan\' national anthem glorifying the country\'s potassium resources and its prostitutes as being the "cleanest in the region". The visual melange of Soviet-era photos are mixed with the real flag of Kazakhstan and, incongruously, the final frames show the portrait of Ilham Aliyev, real life president of Azerbaijan, a country that had not been otherwise referenced in the movie.'] ['The story involves preppy pre-freshman  Tom Lawrence ([[Chris Young  who visits Port Chester University, a college where fraternities have been outlawed and political correctness is rampant on campus. During his visit, Tom manages to make enemies with nearly every group of students on the campus. Getting caught in an infamous "meat tossing incident"  angers the "cause-heads" , and while taking a short cut through the computer lab, he trips over the power cords and accidentally crashes all the computers, angering all the people working on their thesis papers. During his visit, Tom also gets in the middle of the war between "The Pit" and "Balls and Shaft", two rival groups on campus. The latter group  is a parody of the Skull and Bones secret society and conservative fraternities in general. Among its members is Rand McPherson , who, with the other Balls and Shaft members, want the outlawed Greek system to return. Meanwhile, members of "The Pit" (a party-frat which split from Balls and Shaft years ago, currently led by James "Droz" Andrews  and living in the dilapidated former Balls and Shaft frat house just want everyone to get along. The movie is in part about the battle between Droz and Rand. Besides Balls and Shaft, the other great nemeses of The Pit are a radical feminist group on campus known as the Womynists, and the college president, Ms. Garcia-Thompson , who is obsessed with enforcing "sensitivity awareness" and multiculturalism to the point where she proposes that Bisexual Asian Studies should have its own building . The Womynists\' entire world view revolves around a paranoia about rape culture and all things phallic, and they are known to hold protests at parties chanting "hey hey, ho ho, this penis party\'s got to go!" Ms. Garcia-Thompson conspires with Balls and Shaft to get The Pit, their mutual nemesis, kicked off campus, giving Rand control of the house. The Pit responds by throwing a party to raise funds to pay off their debts and keep their house. The Womynists take offense to The Pit\'s flyers advertising the party, and hold a protest outside. The party at first appears to be a failure. However, a series of unlikely events results in George Clinton and Parliament-Funkadelic performing at the party. Students begin streaming in and the party successfully raises the funds to keep the house. After Garcia-Thompson decides to throw The Pit off campus anyway, using the history of complaints against The Pit as her reason, the members of The Pit plot their ultimate revenge at an alumni gathering the next day. They succeed in provoking the other students into an impromptu protest , causing the Board of Trustees to fire Garcia-Thompson due to her inability to control the student body. The film ends showing Tom heading home, having decided to commit to going to PCU. As he sits on the bus, he sees Rand, who after unwittingly insulting the entire student body over the sound system of the event, is now in Tom\'s position at the beginning of the film being chased by the students across campus.'] ["Trelkovsky , a quiet and unassuming man, rents an apartment in Paris whose previous tenant, Egyptologist Simone Choule, attempted to commit suicide by throwing herself out the window and through a pane of glass below. He visits Choule in the hospital but finds her entirely in bandages and unable to talk. Whilst still at Choule's bedside, Trelkovsky meets Simone's friend, Stella , who has also come to visit. Stella begins talking to Simone, who becomes aware of her visitors. Initially showing some signs of agitation upon seeing them, Choule soon lets out a disturbing cry, then dies. It isn't clear which of the two has caused this reaction. Apparently unaware that Choule is now dead, Trelkovsky tries to comfort Stella but dares not say that he never knew Simone, instead pretending to be another friend. They leave together and go out for a drink and a movie , where they fondle each other. Outside the theatre they part ways. As Trelkovsky occupies the apartment he is chastised unreasonably by his neighbors and landlord, Monsieur Zy , for hosting a party with his friends, apparently having a woman over, making too much noise in general, and not joining in on a petition against another neighbor. Trelkovsky attempts to adapt to his situation, but is increasingly disturbed by the apartment and its tenants. He frequently sees his neighbors standing motionless in the toilet room , and discovers a hole in the wall with a human tooth stashed inside. He receives a visit and a letter from one Georges Badar , who secretly loves Simone and has believed her to be alive and well. Trelkovsky updates and comforts the man and spends the night out with him. Gradually he changes his breakfast habits like Simone and shifts from Gauloises to Marlboro cigarettes. Trelkovsky becomes severely agitated and enraged when his apartment is robbed, while his neighbors and the concierge  continue to berate him for making too much noise. He becomes hostile and paranoid in his day-to-day environment  and his mental state progressively deteriorates. He buys a wig and woman's shoes and goes on to dress up  and sit still in his apartment in the dead of night. He suspects that Zy and neighbors are trying to subtly change him into the last tenant, Simone, so that he too will kill himself. He has visions of his neighbors playing football with a human head, sees himself staring out of his own window and finds the toilet covered in hieroglyphs. Trelkovsky runs off to Stella for comfort and sleeps over, but in the morning after she has left for work, he concludes that she too is in on his neighbors' plot, and proceeds to wreak havoc in her apartment before departing. At night he is hit by an elderly couple driving a car. He is not wounded too seriously, but receives a sedative injection from the doctor due to his odd behavior—he perceives the elderly couple as landlord Zy and wife—after which the couple returns him to his apartment. A deranged Trelkovsky dresses up again as a woman and throws himself out the apartment window in the manner of Simone Choule, before what he believes to be a clapping, cheering audience composed of his neighbors. The suicide attempt, in fact, wakes up his neighbors, who arrive at the scene together with the police just in time for Trelkovsky to crawl up to his apartment and jump one more time. The end of the movie is enigmatic. Trelkovsky is bandaged up in the same fashion as Simone Choule in the same hospital bed, but we see his and Stella's own visit to Simone. Trelkovsky then lets out the same disturbing cry that Simone had screamed."] ['Patrick Bateman is a wealthy investment banker living in Manhattan in the late-1980s. His life revolves around dining at trendy restaurants while keeping up appearances for his fiancée, Evelyn, and his circle of equally wealthy, shallow friends, most of whom dislike him. However, he also leads a secret life in which he commits rape, torture, and murder. Throughout the film, Bateman describes the material accouterments of his lifestyle: his daily morning exercise and beautification routine; his music collection, including artists such as Huey Lewis and the News and Whitney Houston; his taste for expensive designer clothes; and the lavish couture of his apartment. In one scene, Bateman and his associates flaunt their business cards in a display of utter vanity. After becoming captivated by Paul Allen\'s card, he murders a homeless man and his dog in an alleyway in a fit of frustrated rage. At a Christmas party, Bateman makes plans to have dinner with Paul, who had earlier mistaken him for a comparable associate named Marcus. Bateman gets Paul drunk and lures him back to his apartment. While playing "Hip to Be Square", Bateman ambushes Paul and murders him with an axe. Bateman disposes of Paul\'s body, then goes to his apartment to stage it so that others believe Paul has run off to London. After Paul\'s family becomes suspicious of his disappearance, Bateman is met by Donald Kimball, a detective searching for the truth regarding his whereabouts. Bateman then has a violent threesome with two prostitutes, whom he names "Christie" and "Sabrina". The two women leave his apartment bruised and bloodied. The next day, his colleague Luis Carruthers reveals his new business card, sending Bateman over the edge. Bateman tries to kill Luis in the restroom of an expensive restaurant, but cannot bring himself to strangle him. Luis mistakes the attempted murder for a sexual advance and declares his love for Bateman, who flees in a panic. After murdering a model, Bateman invites his secretary, Jean, to dinner, suggesting she meet him at his apartment for drinks beforehand. When Jean arrives, Bateman, unbeknownst to Jean, holds a nail gun to the back of her head while the two converse. However, upon receiving an answering machine message from his fiancée, he decides not to kill Jean and asks her to leave before she gets "hurt". Following another luncheon with Kimball, Patrick has a threesome with his old friend Elizabeth and Christie at Paul\'s apartment. While having sex, Christie realizes that Bateman has murdered Elizabeth and tries to flee. While attempting to escape, she discovers multiple female corpses and words such as "Die Yuppie Scum" scrawled on the walls in blood. Bateman then murders her with a chainsaw by dropping it down a flight of stairs onto her as she attempts to run. A few months later, Bateman abruptly breaks off his engagement with Evelyn. That night, he finds a kitten as he uses an ATM, then imagines that the display reads "Feed me a stray cat". Bateman is stopped by a woman, whom he murders instead. A police chase ensues, but Bateman destroys the police cars by shooting their gas tanks, causing explosions that kill the pursuing officers. He then attempts to flee to his office, but he accidentally enters the wrong office building, murdering a security guard and a janitor in the process. Upon reaching his office he calls his lawyer, Harold, and leaves a lengthy answering machine message, confessing most of his murders in-detail. The following morning, Bateman visits Paul\'s apartment, finding it completely vacant and being offered for sale. The real estate broker views him as an intruder and tells him to leave immediately. As Bateman goes to meet with his colleagues and lawyer, Jean finds detailed drawings of murder and rape in Bateman\'s office journal. At the same time, Bateman sees Harold at a restaurant with his friends, and tries to convince him that he is Patrick Bateman and a serial killer. However, Harold mistakes him for another colleague named Davis and laughs off the confession as a joke. He also denies that Paul was murdered, claiming to have had dinner with him in London only 10 days before. Bateman realizes that he will continue to escape the punishment he deserves. He laments that there has been no catharsis and that he still remains a mystery to himself. Although he regrets that nothing has been gained, he still wants his pain to be inflicted on others. He finishes his inner monologue by stating, "This confession has meant nothing."'] ['The tiny  European Duchy of Grand Fenwick, supposedly located in the Alps between Switzerland and France, proudly retains a pre-industrial economy, dependent almost entirely on making Pinot Grand Fenwick wine. However, an American winery makes a knockoff version, "Pinot Grand Enwick", putting the country on the verge of bankruptcy. The prime minister decides that their only course of action is to declare war on the United States. Expecting a quick and total defeat (since their standing army is tiny and equipped with [[bow , the country confidently expects to rebuild itself through the generous largesse that the United States bestows on all its vanquished enemies . Instead, the Duchy defeats the mighty superpower, purely by accident. Landing in New York City, almost completely deserted above ground because of a city-wide disaster drill, the Duchy\'s invading "army"  wanders to a top secret government lab and unintentionally captures the "Q-bomb"  and its maker, Dr. Kokintz. The invaders from Fenwick are sighted by a Civil Defense Squad and are immediately taken to be "men from Mars" when their mail armor is mistaken for reptilian skin. The Secretary of Defense pieces together what has happened  and is both ashamed and astonished that the United States was unaware that it had been at war for two months. With the most powerful bomb in the world now in the smallest country in the world, other countries are quick to react, with the Soviet Union and the United Kingdom offering their support. With the world at the tiny country\'s mercy, Duchess Gloriana, the leader of Grand Fenwick, lists her terms: all the nuclear weapons of the powerful nations must go through an inspection by impartial scientists and the "Tiny Twenty"  should be formed, a group of twenty small nations so that small nations can get their voices heard as well as large ones. Soon Duchess Gloriana and Tully Bascomb get married, and during the wedding Dr. Kokintz discovers that the bomb is a dud and that the bomb Grand Fenwick used to threaten the world into obedience never had any power whatsoever. However, Dr. Kokintz decides to keep that fact to himself considering that the pretense still furthers the cause of world peace.'] ['The movie begins with Bruce in Houston on a search for the American G.I. that helped the young Bruce when he was just a child in Korea. With little more than a name and a fuzzy memory of his hero, Bruce is determined to find G.I. Ernie Brown to thank and repay him with an antique Korean vase. After following a few dead end leads, Bruce meets the students of a local karate studio who introduce him to their martial arts master, Master McLean. Thinking Bruce to be a karate master, McLean convinces Bruce to run the studio in his place while he takes care of some business. Bruce, accepting the role, dons a black belt and with his own goofy yet clever tricks convinces the students of his skills. While teaching, Bruce develops a bond with a young orphan and student, Billy, and eventually takes up a fatherly role and begins to mentor him. During his free time, Bruce continues his search for Ernie Brown, which leads him to the massage parlor of the crime boss Mr. B. Before he can even meet with him, Bruce steps up in defense of Polly, one of the girls on Mr. B\'s payroll. Thwarting Mr. B\'s goon from harassing her, Bruce and Polly make a quick exit, Bruce unfortunately leaving his antique vase behind. The goons, fearful of the wrath of their boss, decide to give the vase to Mr. B as a gift in hopes his fury will be diminished. Upon seeing the vase, Mr. B develops a strange look as he exclaims that he had not seen a vase like that since the Korean War. Bruce plays a game of hide and seek as the goons try their best to track down Polly. All the while in the background being followed by a detective investigating Mr.B. There are many near misses and humorous situations as Bruce and Polly evade the goons and try to recover the vase; including a dancer challenging Bruce\'s skills in a club, to Bruce\'s misunderstanding and misusing of a gesture that he gives to a motorcycle gang, and even a mad bull that gives Bruce a ride to town. The climax begins when Mr. B\'s goons finally locate and kidnap Polly and knock over young Billy, causing him to hit his head and go into a coma. With his young friend in a coma Bruce sets out to find and rescue Polly. Unfortunately Bruce is discovered during his attempt and confronted by Mr. B. Upon hearing the goons exaggerated claims of Bruce\'s skill, Mr. B makes Bruce a deal to pit Bruce against his champion fighter—the Executioner—with the agreement that if he wins, Polly and the vase will be returned. Bruce accepts the challenge and is soon in the ring, face to face with the massive and brutal Executioner. Of course due to his lack of skill and the threat of Mr. B, Bruce is no match for the brutal fighter. However at the last moment Billy, having awakened from his coma and seeing Bruce fighting on television, wobbles to the ring and inspires his mentor to put on a sock and "Sock It To Him". With this new determination Bruce defeats the Executioner. Mr. B, unhappy with Bruce\'s win, tries to go back on his deal but is quickly surprised and arrested by the investigating detective. Polly and Billy, joining Bruce in the ring, return his vase and congratulate Bruce on his victory. Much to their surprise Bruce seems unhappy and he reveals the realization that Mr. B was his childhood hero Ernie Brown. However, much to Bruce\'s surprise, the detective rushes into the ring and calling Bruce by the name his hero gave him, announces he is actually the Ernie "Slim" Brown that Bruce had met as a child, but could not reveal this earlier due to being deep undercover. The reunion is sweet and swift; Bruce thanks him, gives him the vase, and the credits roll.'] ["The didactic film is built around the ideas of French physician, writer and philosopher Henri Laborit, who plays himself in the film. It uses the stories of three people to illustrate Laborit's theories on evolutionary psychology regarding the relationship of self and society. René  leaves the family farm to become an executive at a French textile firm. Janine  leaves her proletarian family behind to become an actress who becomes involved with Jean , a well-educated bourgeois writer/politician. All three characters face difficult choices in life-changing situations that are designed to illuminate Laborit's ideas."] ['Two unemployed brothers, Bob and Doug McKenzie ([[Dave Thomas , place a live mouse in a beer bottle in an attempt to blackmail the local beer store into giving them free Elsinore beer, but are told to take up the matter at the Elsinore brewery instead. After presenting the mouse to management at the brewery, the brothers are given jobs on the bottling line inspecting the bottles for mice. Meanwhile, the evil Brewmeister Smith  is perfecting a secret plan to take over the world by placing a mind-control drug in Elsinore beer which, while rendering the consumer docile, also makes him or her attack others when stimulated by certain musical tones. Smith tests this adulterated beer on patients of the neighboring Royal Canadian Institute for the Mentally Insane, which is connected to the brewery by underground tunnels. They learn the former brewery owner John Elsinore has recently died under mysterious circumstances and his daughter, Pam  has been given full control of the Elsinore brewery. While exploring the massive brewery, they find a shuttered cafeteria containing an old Galactic Border Patrol video game which supernaturally reveals that Brewmeister Smith murdered John Elsinore and that Pam\'s bumbling Uncle Claude  was deeply involved. Additionally, while poking around the brewery, Bob recognizes one-time hockey great, Jean "Rosie" LeRose , who suffered a career-ending nervous breakdown and has fallen under Smith\'s control. Eventually, Bob and Doug wander into Brewmeister\'s operations room while he is away, and Doug takes a floppy disk containing video of John Elsinore\'s murder . Smith and Claude tranquilize the brothers and arrange to frame them for murder, concealing Pam and her father\'s friend, Henry Green in beer kegs in the back of their sabotaged van. The brothers are unable to stop and crash the van into Lake Ontario, but all survive, Pam with apparent memory loss, and the brothers are arrested. When put to trial, Bob and Doug\'s antics cause the judge to declare them insane, and he puts them under Brewmeister Smith\'s care at the asylum. Rosie soon finds them and helps them escape, and they later find Pam and rescue her as well. Rosie, having figured out Brewmeister\'s plan, foments an uprising among the brainwashed test subjects. The brothers separate for the first time in their lives, with Doug helping Rosie to overpower Brewmeister Smith. However, Smith has locked Pam and Bob into a brewery tank, filling it with beer; they escape this possible death when Bob consumes all the beer . John Elsinore\'s ghost warns them that Smith has already shipped tainted beer to Oktoberfest and tells her to stop them. The police accompany the brothers back to their house to retrieve their beer-drinking dog, Hosehead, who resembles a large skunk, to invade the party. Enticed by free beer and sausages, Hosehead leaps into the air and literally flies over the city, crashing into the tent at the celebration and frightening people away from the tainted beer. In the end, the McKenzie Brothers save the day and Pam and Rosie find true love. As for the contaminated beer, Bob and Doug are allowed to haul away the lot to apparently try to drink it all.'] ['The film opens on a crowded New York City street where people have gathered to watch a film crew shoot a sequence which becomes recognizable as the iconic shot of Marilyn Monroe in a white dress standing on a grate while the rush of wind caused by a huge fan to imitate the subway going by below blows her skirt up around her waist. The Actress\' husband, The Ballplayer, watches with obvious discomfort as she is ogled. The Actress, rather than join him afterwards, disappears in a taxi, leaving him behind. She stops at a store and picks up a variety of toys, flashlights, and balloons. The Professor, recognizable as Albert Einstein, is in his hotel room, working on pages of mathematical calculations. He is interrupted by The Senator, who has come to alternately coax and threaten him into appearing before a committee to investigate his activities and answer the famous question, "Have you now or have you ever been...?" The Senator is recognizable as Joe McCarthy. The Professor refuses and says he will never appear. The Senator leaves, saying he\'ll back to get him at 8 a.m. the following morning. The Actress appears at the door of the Professor\'s hotel room, and he invites her in. They talk about fame, being chased, and the stars. She does a lively demonstration of the Theory of Relativity using the toys and flashlights and balloons. She tells The Professor he is at the top of her list of people she\'d like to sleep with. They decide to go to bed, but are interrupted by the arrival of The Ballplayer, who has tracked her to the hotel. The Professor leaves them alone and goes to find another room, meeting a Cherokee elevator man with whom he speaks. The Actress and The Ballplayer talk about their marriage; The Actress tells her husband she believes she is pregnant, but he has fallen asleep. The following morning The Senator arrives at The Professor\'s room to find him gone, but The Actress naked and alone in his bed. The Senator mistakes her for a call girl and threatens to use her to expose and embarrass The Professor, then punches her hard in the abdomen, causing her to collapse in pain. The Professor returns while The Senator is collecting all of the hundreds of pages of The Professor\'s work to take away with him. The Professor grabs the papers and throws them out of the windows, while The Actress writhes in agony on the bed. The Senator leaves, defeated in his purpose. The Ballplayer returns and talks about his fame in the baseball world, and confides in him about his marital problems while The Actress is in the bathroom. She finally announces to him that their marriage is over, and he leaves. The Actress becomes impatient with The Professor, sensing that he is hiding something. He is sitting on the bed with his watch, which has stopped at 8.15, in one hand, and the alarm clock in the other as the hour approaches 8.15 . He confesses his terrible feelings of guilt about the event, and she reassures him. Right at 8.15 a.m. as she is leaving, he has a vision of the destruction of the room, Hiroshima, the world. The Actress\' skirt swirls in flames as she burns in his vision. Then the film reverses and the world is restored to order as she smiles and leaves.'] ['England manager Phil Cope suffers a heart attack during qualification for the World Cup, which started out well but has gone badly wrong of late. The FA heads meet to decide who should be the new England manager, but soon run into trouble. The most successful Premier League manager is Scottish , the second most successful is a former England captain who is interested in the job, but the FA decide that he is too much of a "loudmouth" and refuse to consider him , while none of the other English managers in the Premiership are interested. They are forced to look to Division One, and Bassett, who has just won the Mr Clutch Cup with Norwich City. Bassett takes over the England team and appoints his assistant manager Lonnie Urquart ([[Philip Jackson , who is very old-fashioned in his beliefs and still acts like a used car salesman and often compares the England players\' performances to cars, and coach Dave Dodds , a spineless "yes-man" who once managed with Mike at Colchester United (a reference to Phil Neal under the [[Graham Taylor . The team need one win from three World Cup qualifiers to get to the World Cup Finals in Brazil. With a squad featuring a pony-tailed goalkeeper ; Kevin Tonkinson, an alcoholic Mackem ; Rufus Smalls, a striker going through a very poor run of form ; Steve Harper, a playboy midfielder  and Gary Wackett, an extremely aggressive centre-back ; he plays an old-fashioned 4-4-2 formation and attempts to bring football back to where it belongs. Unfortunately, he loses his first two games in charge and his managerial career is already on the rocks. Needing to beat Slovenia in the final qualifier to make it to Brazil, England can only manage a draw. However, a shock win by Luxembourg over Turkey sees them go through on goal difference. He and his team record the official England World Cup song with band Atomic Kitten, with compositions by "hellraiser" Keith Allen. So, England are on their way to Brazil. When they arrive, progress is not smooth as they start their tour by brawling with the Scottish and Irish teams. A difficult group stage sees them on the verge of heading home after they can only manage a goalless draw with unfancied Egypt before losing heavily to Mexico. One of England\'s training sessions is rendered pointless after Urquart locks the footballs in his Opel and goes shopping. Captain Gary Wackett is jailed for taking part in hooliganism; midfield playmaker Tonkinson accidentally gets involved in a drunken tryst with a transsexual; assistant manager Urquart is sacked after punching Bassett for berating him as useless and when Mike mixes flaming sambucas with anti-depressants, it seems things can get no worse. The morning after his drunken incident he is involved in a press conference where he is expected to step-down from the managerial position. When he announces that he is carrying on the press begin to get hostile and Bassett responds by the reciting of "If—" by Rudyard Kipling which he finished by saying "England will be playing 4-4-2" and storms out. Following this England need to beat Argentina to get through to the second round. England succeed when Tonkinson dribbles past the Argentinian defence, his shot deflects off the crossbar and he punches the ball into the net . England advanced to the knock-out stages where they beat Romania and France. Rufus Smalls scored a hat-trick against Romania and became England\'s top goal scorer with 52 international goals. But England lose to Brazil in the semi-finals. Bashir states that England equal their best performance since they won in 1966 . The team return to England to a cheering crowd and Bassett announces that he will not quit.'] ['Daniel Miller , a Los Angeles advertising executive, dies in a car accident on his birthday and is sent to the afterlife. He arrives in Judgment City, a purgatory-like waiting area populated by the recently-deceased of the western half of the United States, where he is to undergo the process of having his fear-based life on earth judged. Daniel and the rest of the recently-deceased are offered many Earth-like amenities and activities in the city while they undergo their judgment processes—from all-you-can-eat restaurants , to bowling alleys and comedy clubs. As his defense attorney, Bob Diamond , explains to Daniel, people from Earth use so little of their brains  that they spend most of their lives functioning on the basis of their fears. "When you use more than 5% of your brain, you don\'t want to be on Earth, believe me," says Diamond. If the Judgement court determines that Daniel has conquered his fears, he will be sent on to the next phase of existence, where he will be able to use more of his brain and thus be able to experience more of what the universe has to offer. Otherwise, his soul will be reincarnated on Earth to live another life in another attempt at moving past his fears. In the process, he may advance up the universe\'s proverbial food chain. Daniel\'s judgment process is presided over by two judges . Diamond argues that Daniel should move onto the next phase. His formidable opponent is Lena Foster , who Diamond informs Daniel is known as "the Dragon Lady." Each utilizes video-like footage from selected days in the defendants\' lives, shown to the judges to illustrate their case. During the procedure, Daniel meets and falls in love with Julia , a woman who lived a seemingly perfect life of courage and generosity, especially compared to his. The proceedings do not go well for Daniel. Foster shows a series of episodes in which Daniel did not overcome his fears, as well as various other bad decisions and mishaps. The final nail in his coffin, it seems, is when Foster, on the last day of arguments, plays footage of his previous night with Julia, in which he declines to sleep with her, for what Foster believes is his same fear and lack of courage. It is ruled that Daniel will return to Earth. Meanwhile, Julia is judged worthy to move on. Before saying goodbye Diamond comforts Daniel with the knowledge that the court is not infallible and just because Foster won it doesn\'t mean she\'s right. Daniel remains disappointed. Daniel finds himself strapped to a seat on a tram poised to return to Earth, when he spots Julia on a different tram. On a spur-of-the-moment impulse he unstraps himself, escapes from the moving tram, and risks electrocution and injury to get to Julia. Although he cannot enter her tram at first, the entire event is being monitored by Diamond , who convince the judges that this last-minute display of courage has earned Daniel the right to move on. The judges agree and open the doors on Julia’s tram, allowing Daniel in, reuniting him with Julia and allowing them both to move on to their next phases of existence together.'] ["Struggling former child actor and now-adult screenwriter Monkey Zetterland  is working on a historical screenplay based around the defunct Red Car subway of Los Angeles. He lives in a building owned by his neurotic mother Honor Zetterland , who is a famous soap opera star. Secretly hoping there is a future in acting for Monkey, she is trying to turn her hairdresser son  Brent Zetterland  into a film star. As the film begins, Honor shows up at Monkey's house to borrow his epsom salts at the same time that his disagreeable girlfriend Daphne  arrives. From this point on the film dissolves into a character study with little plot development as new and old characters interact and form a quirky family unit. Sister Grace Zetterland  arrives in tears to reveal that her lesbian girlfriend  has gotten pregnant in an attempt to bring the two of them closer. Honor rents the basement apartment to Sascha  and Sofie , a gay man and lesbian posing as husband and wife while publishing an underground newsletter that outs closeted homosexuals in the entertainment industry. As if this weren't enough, a creepy woman  shows up with a fan letter for Honor, and another kooky lady, Imogene , begins heavily, openly pursuing Monkey's attention. After a series of confrontations, Daphne moves out, and around the same time the family's absentee father  surfaces in time for Thanksgiving. While everyone busies themselves with their personal issues, Grace discovers that Sascha and Sofie are in fact terrorists who intend to bomb a local insurance agency that is denying medical coverage to people with HIV and AIDS. Sofie comes up with a plan to send Grace into the agency with a bomb, which Grace and Sascha believe is set up to give Grace enough time to escape. It is not, and Grace dies in the explosion. This event pulls everyone out of their own selfish interests and forces them to re-examine their lives and the people around them. The patriarch of the family disappears again; Grace's lover and her baby are taken in by the family, and Monkey decides to let Imogene get closer to him. Then, just as things are starting to fall into place, Monkey comes home to find his apartment ransacked and his finally finished script stolen. It was his only copy. Later that evening the woman who left a fan letter for Honor arrives with Monkey's stolen script and a gun. She tries to shoot Honor, but hits the family dog instead. She is taken down, but the ensuing drama pulls the remaining emotional conflicts of the family into place. Honor accepts that Monkey is never going to become a famous actor. Instead of pushing him that way, she uses her connections to get his script produced - with brother Brent as the star."] ['Late one night, private investigator Philip Marlowe is visited by his close friend, Terry Lennox, who asks for a lift from Los Angeles to the California–Mexico border at Tijuana. He obliges. On returning home, Marlowe is awaited by two police department detectives, who accuse Terry Lennox of having murdered his rich wife, Sylvia. Marlowe refuses to give them any information and they arrest him. After three days in jail, the police release him, because Terry Lennox committed suicide in Mexico. It is an open-and-shut case to the police and the press, but the "official facts" do not sit right with Marlowe. In the meantime, Marlowe is hired by Eileen Wade, the platinum-blonde trophy wife of Roger Wade, an alcoholic novelist with writers\' block, whose macho, Hemingway-like persona is proving self-destructive. She asks that Marlowe find her husband, who, despite such regular alcoholic binges and days-long disappearances, now seems to be missing. In the course of investigating Mrs. Wade\'s missing-husband case &mdash; visiting the sub-culture of "private" detoxification clinics for rich alcoholics and drug addicts &mdash; Marlowe learns that the Wades "knew" the Lennoxes socially. He is increasingly convinced that there is more to Terry\'s suicide and the murder of Sylvia. Marlowe incurs the wrath of ruthless gangster Marty Augustine, who wants money returned that Lennox owed him. Augustine viciously injures his own mistress just to demonstrate what could happen to Marlowe, saying: "Her, I love. You, I don\'t even like." The return of Augustine\'s money in the nick of time frees Marlowe to take a second trip to Mexico, where he ultimately uncovers the truth of what happened between Terry and Sylvia Lennox.'] ['Beauregard Bottomley  is an unemployed PhD physicist who lives in Los Angeles with his piano-instructor sister Gwenn  and the alcohol-guzzling parrot of the film\'s title, Caesar. Beauregard and Gwenn live in a bungalow court, surrounded by books. Beauregard is an omnivorous reader, and is highly knowledgeable on virtually any subject - except, as he admits, how to hold a job. Beauregard obtains word of a mysterious job opportunity at the Milady Soap Company. He meets the eccentric company owner, Burnbridge Waters , for the job interview. Waters disapproves of Beauregard\'s humour and turns him down for the job, humiliating him in the process. Later, in front of an appliance store window, Beauregard, Gwenn and a small crowd, none of whom have TV sets yet, watch the radio quiz show - just transferred to the new medium of television - Masquerade for Money, whose sponsor is Milady Soap. The show\'s format features contestants costumed as historical characters or items, who are asked questions about who or what their attire represents. The prize doubles with each successive question, in the style of the 1940s radio show The $64 Question. If anyone misses just one question, the contestant loses all that was won to that point. Beauregard is contemptuous of television and what he deems as its anti-intellectual nature, after seeing Masquarade for Money. However, after seeing the contestants struggle to answer relatively easy questions, Beauregard plots revenge on Burnbridge Waters. He goes on the program dressed as an encyclopedia to let the host know he will answer any question given to him by the show\'s host, Happy Hogan . Starting from an initial $5 prize, Beauregard easily answers the maximum five questions, then asks for a sixth question. The show runs out of time, but Beauregard promises to come back next week if people will write in to Milady Soap demanding he be allowed to return. An avalanche of mail inspires Burnbridge Waters. He decides to call Bottomley back for one question per show - and when they\'ve reached a new high in soap sales, the show will drop him. Masquerade for Money becomes a ratings triumph. The country tunes in each week to watch Beauregard, who appears with Caesar on the covers of Look and Life Magazines. The questions become more erudite and challenging, but Bottomley keeps answering them with ease. With Beauregard\'s continuing success and increasing prize amount, Waters becomes uneasy, as the winnings will potentially erode Milady\'s profits. Visiting the soap factory one day, Beauregard finally explains to Waters that his ultimate goal is, first, to break Waters by winning $40 million dollars - the entire worth of Milady Soap - and thus drive Waters into bankruptcy. As Beauregard continues to answer the questions, Waters calls in "Flame" O\'Neill  to try to weaken Waters via seduction, to find a subject where his knowledge is lacking. In parallel, Happy Hogan tries to work his charms on Gwenn to see if he also can persuade her to have Beauregard simply pocket his winnings to date, by taking piano lessons with her and asking her out. Beauregard has become ill with a cold, and Flame insinuates herself into the Bottomley household as Beauregard\'s nurse, pretending to be a member of his fan club. With little past experience with women, Beauregard initially succumbs to Flame\'s charms, and loses his general sang-froid in her presence. Gwenn is suspicious of Flame\'s motives, as Beauregard is suspicious of Hogan\'s motives in suddenly taking piano lessons with her. Neither sibling is to be deterred by the other from their respective romantic attachments. Flame, a la Delilah, intends to seduce Bottomley to find out his Achilles\' heel, a subject that will stump him. Slowly, Beauregard becomes suspicious of Flame, after his recovery. He reveals to her on one date that he  never quite mastered Albert Einstein\'s theory of relativity. With that knowledge, the next question on Masquerade for Money is for Beauregard to explain Einstein\'s theory. Now realizing Flame\'s role in the situation, Beauregard does struggle for an answer, which he provides. However, Happy Hogan indicates that, by his answer card, the response is wrong. Waters rejoices as the studio audience groans, and Beauregard wanders into the wings, apparently defeated. However, a phone call arrives a moment later, from Einstein himself, who has been watching the show. Einstein explains that in fact, Bottomley gave the correct answer. Hogan announces the news to a now jubilant audience. Waters faints, and Bottomley is to return next week. In the meantime, Happy appears to have genuinely fallen in love with Gwenn. Flame also has apparently developed some remorse at her part in the plot against Beauregard, and also affection for him. Waters decides to rent the Hollywood Bowl for the final question of the final show. Before the last show, with the prize stakes at $20 million, Beauregard and Gwenn decide to test each other\'s romantic partners and respective engagements. Each sibling telephones the respective partner to see if they would be willing to be married before the big prize day. Happy and Flame each come up with excuses for not marrying Gwenn and Beauregard before the last prize show, which deflates both siblings. At the Hollywood Bowl, after a sardonic introduction from Waters, Beauregard comes onstage, where Happy asks for his wallet. Happy then asks a very simple question about Beauregard himself, and not about any subject in a book, namely, what is Beauregard\'s Social Security number. Beauregard answers incorrectly, to the tremendous relief of Waters and the disappointment of the crowd. Back home, Beauregard and Gwenn appear disappointed. However, later that evening, Happy and Flame appear, willing to marry Gwenn and Beauregard respectively after all. Waters also appears, with gifts for Beauregard. It turns out that Caesar used to be Waters\' pet parrot. As Beauregard and Flame drive off to be married, Beauregard reveals that he and Waters agreed to a backroom deal where he would lose, but receive his own radio show, as well as Milady Soap stock. However, Beauregard then admits that he genuinely didn\'t know the answer to the simple question posed to him at the Hollywood Bowl. Even so, most anyone watching the movie might well think Beauregard must have known the answer, or else he could not have completed any job applications requiring that information.'] ['Philippe Abrams is the manager of the postal service ([[La Poste  in Salon-de-Provence, Bouches-du-Rhône, in southern France. He is married to Julie, whose depressive character makes his life miserable. Philippe does everything to get a job at an office on the Mediterranean seaside to make her happy. As this favourable position will be granted to somebody who is disabled, Abrams decides to pretend that he is. However, the management finds out. As punishment, he is banished for two years to Bergues, a town near Dunkirk in northern France. Northern France – and the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in particular – is considered "the sticks" – a cold and rainy place inhabited by unsophisticated ch\'tis who speak a strange language . He has to spend his first night at Antoine\'s place – Antoine is one of his co-workers. First Philippe dislikes Antoine for his rudeness and because he thinks Antoine is gay . Finally, Antoine and Philippe become best friends. To Philippe\'s surprise, Bergues proves to be a charming place teeming with warm, friendly people and co-workers. Soon, he is completely won over, eating smelly Maroilles cheese; talking to virtually every local ; playing at the beach; playing the bells at the bell tower together, drinking beer like a local, going to an RC Lens football match and so forth. He tries to describe the happy turn of events to his wife who has remained in the South with their young son, but she does not believe him. This inspires Philippe to tell her what she wants to believe: that his life is wretched there. Everything goes fine until Julie decides to join him in the North to relieve his gloom. Philippe is forced to confess to his new friends and colleagues that he has described them as barbarians to his wife. First, they are angry, but they then decide to help him by behaving as such to cover for his lies and to scare Julie so she will depart quickly. Also they let her stay in the old mining place of Bergues, pretending it is the main town. Julie has a very bad weekend, but decides she will move to Bergues to stay with Phillipe, to be supportive. Just when she\'s ready to go back south, she discovers that she has been tricked when a local biker tells Julie that the actual town of Bergues is several kilometers away. When Philippe finds Julie at his real Bergues home, he tells her the truth about the happiness and friendship that the town has brought him. Julie is disappointed at first, but after realising her husband is happy, she decides to move north to be with him. Meanwhile, Antoine and Annabelle had been dating for over a year, but had broken up due to Antoine\'s passiveness towards his mother. Despite their split, Antoine still has feelings for Annabelle, who now has a new boyfriend. Upon learning this, Antoine cheers himself up by drinking alcohol during his work hours and behaves in an erratic manner. When Phillipe urges Antoine to take courage and be assertive, Antoine finally confesses to his mother that he loves Annabelle and is planning to move to a new place with her. Unexpectedly, his mother is happy about it – she has waited all these years for Antoine to stand up for himself. As a result, Antoine proposes to Annabelle by the bell tower when it is playing a Stevie Wonder song. Annabelle accepts, and they get married. Three years later, Phillipe receives a transfer to move south. Accepting the offer, Phillipe and his family move south. Just as he is about to say goodbye, he is reduced to tears, proving Antoine\'s theory on the Ch\'tis proverb'] ["Olivier  is a small-time crook. He and a friend happen to meet a woman, Ariane  whose plumbing needs to be fixed. They fix the pipes and learn that the landlord downstairs is away. They take the opportunity to burgle him. However they discover that in fact downstairs Ariane has a torture chamber—she is a professional dominatrix. At Ariane's request, Olivier assists her with her work and slowly becomes obsessed with her, but struggles with her sado-masochistic activities. Olivier tries to understand and take control of Ariane, whom he believes frightened in her job; however, as their love blossoms, their natural roles of dominant and submissive cannot be overcome."] ["A resurrected British governess, Ana, returns to an isolated country estate in arid region of Castile, where 15 years earlier she was murdered. During her absence, the children have become men and women and the family have become transformed by Spain's political and cultural changes.Kinder, Marsha. Carlos Saura: the political development of individual consciousness. Film Quarterly. Issue 3 Spring 1979 The family are keen to restore their economic power and see the sale of the family estate as a solution. However, Mamá is reluctant to sell, not wanting to leave her memories and she is the subsequently the intended victim of a murder plot.<ref name2008|firstBentley|titleBoydell & Brewer Ltd}}"] ['Following the death from accidental asphyxiation of Ralph Gurney, the 13th Earl of Gurney , Jack Gurney  becomes the 14th Earl of Gurney. Jack Gurney at first thinks he is God and shocks his family and friends with his talk of returning to the world to bring it love and charity, not to mention his penchant for breaking out into song and dance routines and sleeping upright on a cross. When faced with unpalatable facts , Jack puts them in his "galvanized pressure cooker" and they disappear. His unscrupulous uncle, Sir Charles , marries him to his mistress, Grace , in hopes of producing an heir and putting his nephew in an institution; the plan fails when Grace falls in love with Jack. Jack gains another ally in Sir Charles\' wife, Lady Claire , who hates her husband and befriends Jack just to spite him. She also begins sleeping with Jack\'s psychiatrist, Dr. Herder ([[Michael Bryant , to persuade him to cure Jack quickly. Herder attempts to cure him through intensive psychotherapy, to no avail; Jack so thoroughly believes that he is the "God of Love" that he dismisses any suggestion to the contrary as the rambling of lunatics. The night his wife goes into labour, Herder makes a last effort at therapy; he introduces Jack to McKyle , a patient who also believes himself to be Christ or as the patient puts it, "The Electric Messiah" who subjects an unwitting Jack to electroshock therapy. The plan is to use the electroshock to jolt Jack out of his delusions, showing him that the two men could not both be God and so he must be operating under hallucinations. The plan works, and as Grace delivers a healthy baby boy, Jack appears to return to his senses and proclaims "I\'m Jack, I\'m Jack". In truth, he now believes himself to be Jack the Ripper. Sir Charles sends for a court appointed psychiatrist  to evaluate Jack, confident that his nephew will be sent to an asylum for life. He is once again thwarted when the psychiatrist discovers that Jack was a fellow Old Etonian, bonds with him and declares him sane. Jack Gurney is now a violent psychopath with a fanatical hatred of women and an ability to pretend to be sane as needed. Jack murders Lady Claire in a fit of enraged revulsion when the aging woman tries to seduce him. He frames the Communist family butler, Tucker , for the murder. Shortly after this Sir Charles suffers a stroke and a severe loss of mental faculties and Dr. Herder loses his sanity upon realizing what Jack has done. Jack assumes his place in the House of Lords with a fiery speech in favor of capital and corporal punishment. The speech is wildly applauded and the lords have no idea that it is the ranting of a madman, in contrast to society\'s reaction when Jack believed he was Christ. That night, he murders Grace for expressing her love for him. The story\'s ending is ambiguous; Jack\'s fate is left open to interpretation.'] ['In lavatory factory W.C. Boggs & Son, the traditionalist owner W.C. Boggs  is having no end of trouble. Bolshie union representative Vic Spanner  continually stirs up trouble in the works, to the irritation of his co-workers and management. He calls a strike for almost any minor incident – or because he wants time off to attend a local football match. Sid Plummer  is the factory foreman bridging the gap between workers and management, shrewdly keeping the place going amid the unrest. Prissy lavatory designer Charles Coote ([[Charles Hawtrey  has included a bidet in his latest range of designs, but W.C. objects to the manufacture of such "distasteful" items. W.C. won\'t change his stance even after his son, Lewis  Boggs , secures a large order from abroad for the bidets. It is a deal that could save the struggling firm, which W.C. has to admit is in debt to the banks. Vic\'s dim stooge Bernie Hulke  provides bumbling assistance in both his union machinations and his attempts to woo Sid\'s daughter, factory canteen worker Myrtle . She is torn between Vic and Lew Boggs, who is something of a playboy but insists he loves her. Sid\'s wife is Beattie , a lazy housewife who does little but fuss over her pet budgie, Joey, which refuses to talk despite her concerted efforts. Their neighbour is brassy and lascivious factory worker Chloe Moore . Chloe contends with the endless strikes and with her crude, travelling salesman husband Fred , who neglects her and leaves her dissatisfied. Chloe and Sid enjoy a flirtatious relationship and are sorely tempted to stray. Unusually for Sid James, his character is a faithful husband, albeit a cheeky and sorely tempted one. Sid and Beattie find that Joey can correctly predict winners of horseraces – he tweets when the horse\'s name is read out. Sid bets on Joey\'s tips and makes several large wins – including a vital £1,000 loaned to W.C. when the banks refuse a bridging loan – before Sid is barred by his bookie. The strikers finally return to work, but it is only to attend the annual works outing, a coach trip to Brighton. A good time is had by all with barriers coming down between workers and management, thanks largely to that great social lubricant, alcohol. W.C. becomes intoxicated and spends the day – and it seems the night – with his faithful, adoring secretary, Miss Hortense Withering . Lew Boggs manages to win Myrtle from Vic Spanner, giving his rival a beating, and the couple elope. After arriving home late after the outing and with Fred away, Chloe invites Sid in for a cup of tea. They fight their desires and ultimately decide not to have the tea fearing that neighbours might see Sid enter Chloe\'s home and get the wrong idea. At the picket lines the next day, Vic gets his comeuppance – partly at the hands of his mother  – and the workers and management all pull together to produce the big order to save the firm.'] ['A woman, Tome,  is born to a lower class family in Japan in 1918. The film is a metaphor for life in Japan through the middle twentieth century, including World War II. The title refers to an insect, repeating its mistakes, as in an infinite circle. Imamura, with this metaphor, introduces the life of Tome, who keeps trying to change her poor life. Tome is molested from childhood by her stepfather. As a young adult she moves from her rural village to find work in a factory, where she engages in an affair with her boss. She works later as a maid, and then as a prostitute.'] ["Bill Harper  plays an American ambassador. After his arrival in a small country that is besieged by civil unrest, he befriends the young boy who is to be the country's king."] ['A disgraced Richard Nixon is restlessly pacing in the study at his New Jersey home, in the late 1970s. Armed with a loaded revolver, a bottle of Scotch whisky and a running tape recorder, while surrounded by closed circuit television cameras, he spends the next 90 minutes recalling, with rage, suspicion, sadness and disappointment, his controversial life and career in a long monologue. Nixon\'s monologue often veers into tangents, often concerning his family, the people who made him powerful or the people who took him out of power. Nixon recalls his mother fondly, Dwight Eisenhower with hatred, Henry Kissinger with condescension and John F. Kennedy with a mixture of appreciation and rage. When Nixon gets frustrated or enraged at the person he is thinking about, the monologue often becomes disjointed; the passion overwhelms Nixon\'s ability for words. If he veers too far off topic, he tells the person who is supposed to transcribe the tape to edit out the whole screed back to an earlier, calmer point. Throughout the monologue, Nixon\'s description of himself changes. Sometimes he calls himself a man of the people, saying that he could succeed because he had known failure, just like the average American; he broods on his humble beginnings and the hard work he put in to rise to the top, and all the setbacks that he endured and overcame. However, the times when he talks about his own ideas and accomplishments in flattering terms tend to be brief, and they often bleed into self-pitying rants about how he is an innocent martyr, destroyed by sinister and hypocritical forces. Similarly, he can be self deprecating or otherwise reflect a low self-image, but he rarely focuses on his own faults for long, preferring instead to blame others. In the film, he denies the relevance of Watergate and claims that he never committed a crime. He emphasizes that he was never charged with a crime, therefore he did not need or deserve a pardon. He feels that the pardon he received from President Gerald Ford forever tainted him in the public\'s eyes, because to get a pardon he must have been guilty. However, in the end Nixon admits that he has been the willing tool of a political network he alternately calls "the Bohemian Grove" and "The committee of 100". The alleged interest of the committee is the heroin trade with Asia, although he followed them rather out of a lust for power plus some belief in their willingness to bring democracy to Asia. However, after the 1972 vote he received new orders from them: they wanted Nixon to keep the Vietnam war going on at all costs, then go for a third term in office, so they can continue their business with the president as their strawman. Nixon further explains that at some point he decided that he didn\'t want to go down in history as the president who sacrificed thousands of American soldiers for drug money, so he himself staged the Watergate scandal to get out of office against the massive public support. So in the end, he again puts the blame on others: on the public that supports him although &mdash; or even because &mdash; he is a scam artist and a petty thief, just like the majority of them, as he sees it.'] ['A hero of our time, the young bartender Vova Smorodin , receives the task of opening a small, but prestigious restaurant called "Paradise Corner" from his boss Gavrilych, the father of Vova\'s fiancée, Larisa. Perceiving this task as the first step in his financial career, Vova Smorodin develops the magic-touch of enterprise. If he needs to drain and repair the selected basement, he may recall an entire fire brigade from a fire emergency, or a company of soldiers from a mission. After taking over an empty attic for his office, Vova discovers there three Bohemian artists who have escaped from a mental hospital: the suicidal model Dasha , the alcoholic artist Gena  and the mute Buddhist known by the nickname Khu-Pun\' . This meeting becomes a turning point in Vova\'s previously confident life. Having realized that the homeless artists could paint appetizing food on the walls of his basement restaurant in exchange for room and board, he allows them to live in his attic. While exploiting their work, Vova does not notice that he begins to fall under the influence of his uninvited guests, discovering for himself a heretofore unknown world of spiritual values. Gradually, he begins to understand that beauty is not measured by fashion, that love is not limited to sex, that material riches do not replace spiritual enrichment. The artist Gena, who is supposed to draw still lifes, gets caught up in creativity and covers the walls of the basement with frescoes of the Last Judgment - an assembly of hellish monsters and sinners. Vova is shocked; what will his boss Gavrilych and his fellow waiters say? However, the increasing flow of curious tourists convinces Vova that the artist was right. As a result, instead of "Paradise Corner", Vova opens the café "Inferno". Gavrilych\'s reaction comes as no surprise; the boss shows up with a pack of "Chaldeans" and destroys all of the artist\'s work, tearing down the unique murals from the basement walls. Vova, who tries to prevent the vandalism, is cruelly beaten. The second half of the film is devoted to Vova\'s time in the attic, which he spends with his new friends, who help him to recover and introduce him to a vegetarian diet and to regular meditations on the roof. Vova begins to see strange dreams, where the past and future are intermingled. He begins to understand that his path has been predetermined, and that his future actions, including the betrayal of his friends, have been predicted by someone. And so it happens: unable to withstand the trials of an ascetic lifestyle, Vova ends the relationship with his friends and leaves them defenseless in the face of the cruel Gavrilych. Vova returns to his usual environment among the "Chaldeans" and continues his successful career in the restaurant business. However, Vova begins to be pursued more and more often by the image of white monkeys, which reminds him of his unsuccessful attempt to become a person of depth, and of the treason he had committed against his friends.http://www.kinokultura.com/2009/25r-whitemonkey.shtml Detailed English review in the Kinokultura magazinehttp://www.ruskino.ru/review/211http://www.kino-teatr.ru/kino/art/pr/1029/http://www.kinoafisha.spb.ru/reviews/7636620/'] ['The film is a portrait of a fictional town in the Midwest that is home to a group of idiosyncratic and slightly neurotic characters. Dwayne Hoover  is a wealthy car dealership owner who is on the brink of suicide and is losing touch with reality.'] ['Set in both Sicily and mainland Italy, the film follows the adventures of a man nicknamed Mimi, who is asked to rig a local election. Instead, he votes for a Communist representative. To get away from the Mafia, he leaves his wife and falls for and lives with a female political activist. Soon, other situations happen that leave Mimi questioning the life he has and what he will do next. The screenplay was adapted, very loosely, for the 1977 film Which Way Is Up? starring Richard Pryor.'] ['The film revolves around college football and a game between the fictional Darwin and Huxley Colleges.  Many of the jokes about the amateur status of collegiate football players and how eligibility rules are stretched by collegiate athletic departments remain remarkably current.Horse Feathers at Filmsite.org. Groucho plays Quincy Adams Wagstaff, the new president of Huxley College, and Zeppo is his son Frank, who convinces his father to recruit professional football players to help Huxley\'s team. There are also many references to Prohibition. Baravelli  is an "iceman", who delivers ice and bootleg liquor from a local speakeasy. Pinky  is also an "iceman", and a part-time dogcatcher. Through a series of misunderstandings, Baravelli and Pinky are recruited to play on Huxley\'s football team; this requires them to enroll as students at Huxley, which creates chaos throughout the school. The climax of the movie, often referenced as one of the greatest football-related scenes in movie history,[http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/page2/story?pagehttp://www.time.com/time/magazine/0,9263,7601320815,00.html |title2007-04-02 |last |authorlink |date |month |publisher |language |archivedate }}'] ["Beba used to be a well-to-do socialite but Argentina's economic crisis has left here with almost nothing. She is then forced to sell beauty products door-to-door. Dora came to Buenos Aires during her teenage years from the Chaco Province to work as a full-time maid at Beba's apartment. Since then she has slowly worked to build a house in one of the towns outside Buenos Aires.  Dora, however, is unable to complete the construction of her house because Beba owes her six months pay. Dora, tired of listening to Beba's promises of payment, is now determined to resign. Beba asks her for more time to get the money together and Dora accepts. During this period Beba tries to use the confidence of Dora and discourages her from venturing into a new phase of her life. Finally, Dora leaves the apartment to live with Miguel, her boyfriend, at her new home. Meanwhile, at Beba's apartment, the power and telephone services are cut due to lack of payment. Dora visits a lonely and disheveled Beba in her now unkempt home on her birthday. Much to Beba's disappointment, Dora must leave after only a short while, explaining that she is awaiting a call from an employment agency. Beba gives Dora her letter of recommendation. When summer arrives Beba is forced to rent out her apartment and move to a smaller place. She goes in a moving truck to Dora's house, with the intention of giving her much of her furniture. Dora invites Beba to stay the night in her house. The film depicts the transformation of an Argentine society through the lives of two very different women."] ['Shampoo is set during a 24-hour period in 1968, on the eve of a presidential election that would result in Richard Nixon\'s election to the American presidency. George Roundy  is a successful Beverly Hills hairdresser, whose occupation and charisma have provided him the perfect platform from which to meet, and bed, beautiful women, including his current girlfriend Jill . Despite this, George is dissatisfied with his professional life; he is clearly the creative star of the salon, but is forced to play second fiddle to the "nickel-and-diming," mediocre hairdresser who owns the place. He dreams of setting up his own salon business, but lacking the cash to do so, turns to wealthy lover Felicia  and her unsuspecting husband Lester  to bankroll him. George\'s meeting with Lester supplies a second secret for him to keep from his would-be benefactor: Lester\'s current mistress, Jackie , is George\'s former girlfriend, perhaps the most serious relationship he has ever had. Lester, who assumes George is gay, invites him to escort Jackie to a Republican Party election night soiree, at which George finds himself in the same room as a number of present and former sexual partners. The principals adjourn to a posh counterculture party, and the night quickly descends into drugs, alcohol and sexual indulgence. In the film\'s dramatic climax, Lester and Jill happen upon George and Jackie having vigorous sex on a kitchen floor. Just before their identities are revealed, an impressed Lester exclaims: "Now, that\'s what I call fucking!" When Jill recognizes the writhing couple, she throws a chair at them; as George backpedals, trying to placate Jill, Jackie sees him for the cad he is, and flees. George realizes that Jackie is his true love and proposes to her. By then, however, it is too late: Jackie announces that Lester is divorcing Felicia and taking Jackie to Acapulco. With Felicia gone, Jill gone, and now Jackie gone, the film thus pairs sexual revelation with George\'s deeper moral development, but ends bleakly for the protagonist, despite his epiphany.'] ['{{plot|date "Friend, the shadow of prison has given way to the sun." A policeman comes by and tells Émile he must get to work. But he is put in a cell for resisting arrest. Through the prison window, he sees more flowers surrounding an apartment window and thinks he hears them singing . Then a lovely woman, Jeanne, appears at the window and appears to be the source of the singing. Sad at his predicament, he tries to hang himself from the prison window. But the gate is too weak, comes loose and falls on Émile\'s head, enabling him to escape. He stands by the apartment entrance, looking up at the flower-covered window, but is slightly disappointed to realize that the flowers are not singing, and that it\'s only a recording. Then he realizes that Jeanne has emerged from the apartment with her Uncle, who appears to be overly-protective and pulls her away from Émile, and kicks him. A commotion and chase ensue in which Émile runs as we realize that Jeanne already has a boyfriend, Paul. Émile makes his way into the factory and lands in the recruitment department. A recorded song  instructs him on how to be measured, weighed, and fingerprinted. In the next scene we see Émile back on an assembly line, this time assembling phonographs. Upon seeing Jeanne also working in the factory, Émile becomes absent minded, causing great consternation and humor on the assembly line (This scene at the assembly line was probably the inspiration for the opening scene of Charlie Chaplin\'s [[Modern Times  A guard tries to stop Émile from talking to Jeanne and they chase after him. He is stopped by guards near the foot of a grand staircase at the doorway of an office. Louis emerges with aides, and Émile gets his attention. At first Louis does not appear to remember his prison friend, but takes him into his office, thinking this is an extortion plot. After a scuffle, Émile cuts himself. As Louis tends to the wound with his handkerchief, he recalls that he did similarly when the two tried to break out of prison at the film\'s outset. His attitude changes to one of friendship, as he embraces Émile and sing a brief reprise of the title song. The scene is a dinner party at Louis\'s house. Neither his guests nor his wife Maud, nor her gigolo lover think much of Louis. Meanwhile, Louis and Émile don\'t care, and enjoy sending up the haughtiness of his life style, climaxing in another reprise of the title song, as the two friends dance in front of a painting of Louis which he has damaged with a bottle of wine. With her suitcases packed, Maud leaves the house. Émile also leaves, and briefly encounters an ex-prisoner on the street.  Louis is thrilled to look out the door at the departing Maud, but does not see the ex-prisoner, who makes a nod of understanding to himself. Back at the factory, Émile tries to make overtures to Jeanne, but is thwarted by guards, eventually finding himself in Louis\'s office. Louis has been explaining that his new factory will opening the next day, increasing productivity. Upon seeing his friend interrupt, Louis is slightly annoyed until Émile explains that he wants to court Jeanne, another worker. From his office card files, Louis is able to produce a picture profile of Jeanne, but this is automatically followed by a profile of her Uncle. Louis invites both Jeanne and her Uncle into his office to explain Émile\'s interest, and offers some money along with it. Uncle is impressed, but Jeanne is bewildered and unhappy. Louis arrives at home, wondering where his servants are. He discovers them tied up, and enters a room filled with ex-convicts, now gangsters, led by the person who sat next to him in the opening scene and who encountered Émile the other night. They sing briefly, before the lead gangster reveals their purpose. They want to extort money from Louis by threatening to reveal that he\'s an escaped convict. Louis refuses to accept. Lovers\' quarrel in the Magic Park. The scene opens in Luna Park, with Émile happily talking with Uncle, while Jeanne looks very unhappy. Paul sitting at a distance, looks on disapprovingly. During the scene, Jeanne is able to get away and be alone with Paul. Émile, unseen, finally finds her and realizes that she already has a boyfriend. Émile longingly looks up at Jeanne\'s apartment window, as she happily waves to Paul. He realizes that he can\'t have her. While he\'s alone on the street, a policeman tries to question Émile, who runs into the factory for safety, but is pursued by guards. Meanwhile, the gangsters have asked to visit Louis\'s factory. He leads them into a secret room within his office, and then seals the door behind him. As the gangsters realize they\'re trapped, Louis empties his safe of all his money, putting it into a small suitcase on his desk. Émile finds him, and Louis explains that he\'s about to be denounced by the gangsters. He then hides Émile while he briefly speaks to the guards who have been searching for his friend. At the same time, another ex-convict enters Louis\'s office and takes the suitcase. When Louis returns with Émile, he realizes the suitcase is missing and tries to look for the person with it. Pursued by guards, Émile accidentally opens the secret room through which all the gangsters emerge. Both Émile and the gangsters chase after Louis, who chases after the ex-con who took the suitcase. This ex-con is able to penetrate to the roof the factory, but is caught, leaving the suitcase on the roof. Apprehended, the gangsters show the police Louis\'s picture as a convict, but they are taken away. It is the inauguration of the new factory with crowds of dignitaries and workers assembled. Louis gives a speech extolling its virtues of productivity. A deaf old man cuts the ribbon, and a chorus sings a slow march, "Gloire au bonheur" = "Hail to happiness," as the automatic assembly line produces portable phonographs. Another speaker begins a speech, while Louis sees the policeman. The policeman has realized that Louis is an escaped ex-convict, and patiently waits for the festivities to end to apprehend him. Louis makes a concluding speech in which he gives the factory to the workers, and says that fate will take him to a different place. As another speaker continues, a wind begins to pick up, gently blowing the decorations. It also gradually begins to blow the money that was in Louis\'s suitcase, still sitting on the roof of the factory. Gradually, bills appear on the factory grounds, testing everyone\'s propriety, as they look frustrated at not wanting to appear uncivilized by bending down to pick up the money. But Louis has no inhibitions: He immediately recognizes what and where the money is and begins going after it. This is turn launches everyone into a chase after the money. The scene turns to a merry chaos as the dignitaries in top hats wildly chase after money. The final scene of the film shows the now-idyllic factory. Instead of working, only a few workers now play cards, as the automated factory does all the work. The camera pans along to another area by a brook, festively decorated with ribbons. Most of the workers are here, dancing and enjoying themselves to a reprise of the song "Ami, l\'ombre de la prison" which blends into "Viens, toi que j\'aimerai" as we see Jeanne and Paul, happily dancing with each other. A cut takes us to Louis and Émile, now tramps, entertaining people on a roadside by singing the third verse of the title song. The people throw coins at the two tramps. A rich car passes, making Louis momentarily dream of what he once had. After a swift kick in the rear by Émile, the two head off down the road to the final strains of the title song.'] ['The film is set in a teaching hospital in Manhattan and centers around Dr. Bock , the Chief of Medicine, whose life is in disarray: his wife has left him, his children don\'t talk to him, and his once-beloved teaching hospital is falling apart. The hospital suffers from the sudden deaths of two doctors and a nurse. These are attributed to coincidental or unavoidable failures to provide accurate treatment. At the same time, administrators must deal with a protest against the hospital\'s annexation of an adjacent and decrepit apartment building. The annexation is to be used for a drug rehabilitation center; the building\'s current occupants demand that the hospital find them replacement housing before the building is demolished despite the building being condemned sometime before. As Dr. Bock complains of impotence and has thoughts of suicide, he falls for Barbara Drummond , a patient\'s daughter who both came from Mexico for her father\'s treatment. This temporarily gives Dr. Bock something to live for after Barbara confronts him. The deaths are discovered to have initiated by Barbara\'s father, as retribution for the "inhumanity" of modern medical treatment. Drummond\'s victims would have been saved if they\'d received prompt, appropriate treatment -- but they didn\'t. Dr. Bock and Barbara use a final, accidental death of a doctor at the hospital to cover Drummond\'s tracks, while Barbara takes her father back to JFK airport to escape back to Mexico; leaving Dr. Bock at his insistence to try and organize the chaotic Hospital. It was filmed at Metropolitan Hospital Center in New York.'] ['Three Russians, Iranov , Buljanov  and Kopalsky , are in Paris to sell jewelry confiscated from the aristocracy during the Russian Revolution of 1917. Upon arrival, they meet Count Leon d\'Algout , on a mission from the Russian Grand Duchess Swana  who wants to retrieve her jewelry before it is sold. He corrupts them and talks them into staying in Paris. The Soviet Union then sends Nina Ivanovna "Ninotchka" Yakushova , a special envoy whose goal is to go through with the jewelry sale and bring back the three men. Rigid and stern at first, she slowly becomes seduced by the West and the Count, who falls in love with her. The three Russians also accommodate themselves to capitalism, but the last joke of the film is that one of them carries a sign protesting that the other two are unfair to him.'] ['Andy Osnard is an MI6 spy exiled to Panama after having an affair with an ambassador’s mistress. He wants to uncover something big that will get him back into London’s good graces. Believing Panama to still be corrupt after General Noriega’s reign, and as the Americans have now given the Panama Canal back to Panama, Osnard concludes that if he can find out where the true balance of power surrounding the canal is, London will want him back. His informant is Harry Pendel, who is the tailor to many of Panama\'s elite, including the President of Panama. Pendel, who has a few secrets of his own, is a former convict, a fact that he has carefully kept concealed. Harry\'s wife, Louisa, is the assistant to the Panama Canal Authority\'s administrator. Harry is in need of money and doesn’t have the business sense to ask his customers for the money to pay for their suits. Osnard knows that Harry has been lying about his background. He persuades the tailor to spy on the President of Panama, and to find out what he intends on doing with the canal. Pendel agrees and begins spinning stories to keep the money from Osnard flowing. Pendel briefs Osnard that the President of Panama is going to sell the Panama Canal to the Chinese. He adds that a revolution is being planned by the "Silent Opposition", and eventually inspires a third U.S. invasion of Panama. The British Ambassador to Panama finds out that Osnard is spinning a bunch of tall tales, but only demands a bribe to keep quiet. The invasion is cancelled at the last minute when Louisa goes to the Panama Canal Authority\'s Administrator and gets him to contact the President of Panama, who calls the U.S. government and gets them to cancel the looming invasion.'] ["The film is a 20th-century adaptation of Voltaire's 1759 social satire novel Candide, ou l’Optimisme. Set in the World War II-era, it follows the adventures of Candide, an orphaned Westphalian<ref namehttp://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?stidOverview for Candide |yearTurner Classic Movies |accessdatehttp://books.google.pl/books?idPA143&lpg#vfalse |titleAmerican Film Institute |publisher143 |year0-520-20970-2}}"] ['Teenager Mary Cummings , who has "been born again her whole life," is about to enter her senior year at American Eagle Christian High School near Baltimore. She and her two best friends, Hilary Faye  and Veronica , have formed a girl group called the Christian Jewels. Everything seems perfect—until Mary’s "perfect Christian boyfriend" Dean Withers  tells her, as they’re swimming underwater, that he thinks he\'s gay. In her shock, Mary hits her head in the pool and has a vision in which Jesus tells her that she must do everything she can to help Dean. Hoping for a sign, Mary goes to a shooting range with Hilary Faye, who has a "spiritual solution for everything" and tells Mary  that if all else fails, Jesus could still restore their "spiritual and emotional virginity." Believing that Jesus will restore her purity, Mary sacrifices her virginity to have sex with Dean in an attempt to restore his heterosexuality. Despite Mary\'s efforts, when she comes by Dean\'s house on the morning of the first day of school, Dean\'s parents tell her that they found gay pornography under his bed and that they\'re sending him to Mercy House, a Christian treatment center. Mary tells her friends, as well as Hilary\'s brother Roland , who uses a wheelchair, about Dean\'s homosexuality, and makes them promise to keep it a secret. When they arrive at school, they see Cassandra Edelstein , the school\'s only Jewish student and a rebel who despises Hilary. In homeroom, Mary meets new student Patrick , the son of the school\'s principal, Pastor Skip Wheeler , a skateboarder who has been doing missionary work  in South America. Mary tries to put up a good front at the assembly, in which Cassandra fakes speaking in tongues in order to get under the skins of the other students. Mary soon realizes that she is pregnant from her encounter with Dean. When she goes to Planned Parenthood to confirm the pregnancy, she is seen by Roland and Cassandra. Roland reveals that he isn\'t really a Christian, unlike his fanatically religious sister. Cassandra reveals she\'s only at American Eagle after being thrown out of her old school. Roland and Cassandra bond over their shared skepticism. Mary finds out that she\'s not due to give birth until after her high school graduation and decides to hide her condition from her friends and family until then. However, she feels forsaken by Jesus and loses her faith, causing her to be ostracized by Hilary and replaced in the Christian Jewels with a previously unpopular girl, Tia , who\'s been struggling to get into the Christian Jewels for years. Later, after Pastor Skip gets word about Mary, he tells the Jewels to help Mary regain her faith, but they seem to misunderstand him and stop Mary in the street and try to exorcise her of demons instead. By Christmas, Mary is still hiding her pregnancy. Cassandra mocks her about it when they are alone in the bathroom, but when she realizes Mary\'s anguish, Cassandra changes her tone and offers her support. They cut school with Roland, and the three of them become good friends. When they run into Patrick and Hilary at the mall, Cassandra distracts Hilary  while Patrick and Mary sneak away and Patrick confesses his feelings for Mary. Pastor Skip warns his son when they\'re at home together against dating Mary, even as Pastor Skip  has been secretly dating Mary\'s mother, Lillian . A few months later, after multiple fights at school between Hilary Faye and Cassandra, Pastor Skip puts Roland, Cassandra and Mary on the school prom committee  to punish them. While working together, Patrick asks Mary to go with him to the prom as "friends," which Mary accepts. Later that day, Roland and Cassandra get their hands on a picture of a younger, much heavier, and much more awkward Hilary Faye and load it onto the desktop of every computer in the school. The next day, someone vandalizes the school with graffiti. Mary and Cassandra are initially the prime suspects, and to their shock the spray cans are found in their lockers. While searching the lockers with the Jewels looking on, Mary\'s homeroom teacher finds a sonogram of Mary\'s baby. She tries to hide it, but it drops to the ground in front of Pastor Skip\'s feet. Cassandra is expelled from school, while Mary is banned from the prom. Pastor Skip tells Lillian that he will break off their relationship if she doesn\'t send Mary to Mercy House. Lillian decides that she\'s going to send Mary away, saying that it\'s the best thing for Mary and the baby, but secretly because she doesn\'t want Skip to break up with her. Despite being banned, Cassandra and Roland scheme to go to prom and to bring Mary with them, providing her with a dress and inviting Patrick to meet them. Roland also finds that Hilary Faye charged several cans of spray paint to her credit card just hours before the attack—apparently indicating that she was the one who spray-painted the school. Hilary Faye, Tia and Veronica head to the prom. On their way in, Tia finds a credit-card receipt for the spray paint—signed by Hilary Faye. When Mary, Patrick, Cassandra and Roland arrive, Hilary attempts to have Mary and Cassandra thrown out, but Pastor Skip decides to let them stay. The four then accuse Hilary Faye of committing the vandalism herself and framing Mary and Cassandra for it as revenge for humiliating her. Hilary Faye reluctantly swears before God that she is innocent. Fed up with Hilary Faye\'s hypocrisy, Tia reveals the signed receipt. Veronica turns on her as well, calling her a "fake". As Hilary Faye flees with the others in pursuit, Dean suddenly arrives with other teenagers from Mercy House. Dean is surprised, but not upset, by Mary\'s pregnancy; he meets Patrick warmly, and Mary is similarly accepting towards Dean\'s roommate/boyfriend Mitch. Pastor Skip tries to send the new arrivals back to Mercy House, but they refuse, and Mary and her friends support them. Suddenly, Hilary crashes her van into the school\'s huge effigy of Jesus. Realizing what she has done, she breaks down in tears of regret. Cassandra shows some sympathy towards Hilary, feeling sorry for her. As paramedics arrive to the accident scene, Mary abruptly goes into labor and is taken to the hospital. In her hospital room, Mary\'s and Dean\'s friends and family crowd around the baby girl, while Pastor Skip waits outside debating whether to come in. In a voice-over, Mary tells the audience how she has returned to believing in a God who loves and helps the ones that love and help others in need.'] ['The Lovedolls return from their untimely demise in this sequel to the Super-8 trash classic Desperate Teenage Lovedolls . Patch Kelley  becomes Patch Christ, the leader of an acid-damaged religious cult who rescues has been Kitty Karryall  from a boozy, wasted life. Once reunited, they recruit Sunset Boulevard hooker Alexandria "Cheetah" Axethrasher  to replace the recently murdered Bunny Tremelo . Rainbow Tramaine , from the Freedom School in New Mexico ventures to Hollywood to discover his twin brother Johnny has committed suicide after taking The Lovedolls to the top, as their manager. The She Devils leader Tanya Hearst\'s mother, Patricia Ann Cloverfield  is back in town to even the score. Meanwhile obsessed fanatic Carl Celery  lives in his own world of Lovedoll worship, only to carry out an assassination of Brews Springstien . With special guest appearances by Vicki Peterson , Jello Biafra  & Sky Saxon .'] ['A young novice named Viridiana  is about to take her vows when her uncle, Don Jaime , invites her to visit him. He is her only living relative, but she has only met him once and is reluctant to comply. Her Mother Superior pressures her into accepting. Don Jaime is a recluse, living on a neglected farm with only a couple of servants, Ramona  and Moncho, and Ramona\'s daughter Rita. When Don Jaime sees his niece, he is struck by her strong resemblance to his deceased wife. The night before she is to leave, Viridiana, grateful for her uncle\'s longtime financial support, reluctantly complies with his odd request and puts on his wife\'s wedding dress. When Ramona informs Viridiana that Don Jaime wants to marry her, she is aghast, and Don Jaime seems to drop the idea. However, Ramona secretly drugs her drink. He carries the unconscious woman to her room with the intention of raping her, but at the last moment decides otherwise. The next morning, he lies and tells her that he took her virginity, and therefore she cannot go back to her convent. When she is undeterred, he then confesses he lied, leaving her uncertain what happened that night. At the bus stop, the authorities prevent her from leaving. Her uncle has hanged himself, leaving his property to Viridiana and his illegitimate son, Jorge . Deeply disturbed, Viridiana decides not to return to the convent. Instead, she collects some beggars and installs them in an outbuilding. She devotes herself to the moral education and feeding of this exceedingly motley group. Disgusted, Moncho departs. Jorge moves into the house with his girlfriend, Lucia, and starts renovating the rundown place. Lucia senses that he, like his father, lusts after Viridiana, and leaves after a while. Jorge then makes a pass at Ramona, who is not unwilling. When Viridiana and Jorge leave for a couple of days to take care of some business, the paupers break into the house, initially just planning to look around. But, faced with such bounty, things degenerate into a drunken, riotous party, to the strains of Handel\'s Messiah. Posing for a photo around the table, the beggars resemble the figures in Da Vinci\'s Last Supper. The rightful owners return earlier than expected to find the house a shambles. The miscreants excuse themselves one by one and leave. Jorge confronts a beggar, who pulls a knife on him. When the man starts assaulting Viridiana, Jorge tries to rescue her, but another beggar strikes him in the head with a bottle, knocking him out. Viridiana resists being violated long enough for Jorge to regain consciousness. He has been tied up, but manages to bribe one beggar into killing the would-be rapist. The police then arrive to restore order. Viridiana is a changed woman. The child Rita burns her crown of thorns. Wearing her hair loosely, Viridiana knocks on Jorge\'s door, but finds Ramona with Jorge in his bedroom. With Ashley Beaumont singing Shimmy Doll on the record player, Jorge tells Viridiana that they were only playing cards, and urges her to join them, stating "Cousin, I knew you would someday shuffle the cards".'] ['Duke brothers Randolph  and Mortimer  own Duke & Duke, a successful commodities brokerage in Philadelphia. Holding opposing views on the issue of nature versus nurture, they make a wager of the "usual amount" and agree to conduct an experiment switching the lives of two people at opposite sides of the social hierarchy and observing the results. They witness an encounter between their managing director&mdash;the well-mannered and educated Louis Winthorpe III , engaged to the Dukes\' grand-niece Penelope &mdash;and a poor street hustler named Billy Ray Valentine ; Valentine is arrested at Winthorpe\'s insistence because of a suspected robbery attempt. The Dukes decide to use the two men for their experiment. Winthorpe is publicly framed as a thief, drug dealer and adulterer by Clarence Beeks  at the request of the Dukes. Winthorpe is fired from Duke & Duke, his bank accounts are frozen, he is denied entry to his Duke-owned home, and he quickly finds himself vilified by Penelope and his former friends. He befriends Ophelia , a prostitute who agrees to help him in exchange for a financial reward once he is exonerated. Meanwhile, the Dukes bail Valentine out of jail, install him in Winthorpe\'s former job and grant him use of Winthorpe\'s home. Valentine soon becomes well-versed in the business using his street smarts to achieve success, and begins to act well-mannered. During the firm\'s Christmas party, Winthorpe is caught planting drugs in Valentine\'s desk in a desperate attempt to get his job back, and he brandishes a gun to escape. Later, the Dukes discuss their experiment and settle their wager for one dollar , before plotting to return Valentine to the streets. Valentine overhears the conversation, and seeks out Winthorpe. Winthorpe attempts suicide by overdosing on pills. Valentine, Ophelia and Winthorpe\'s former butler Coleman  nurse him back to health and inform him of the Dukes\' experiment. On television, they learn that Clarence Beeks is transporting a secret report on orange crop forecasts. Winthorpe and Valentine recall large payments made to Beeks by the Dukes and realize that the Dukes plan to obtain the report to corner the market on frozen orange juice. The group agrees to disrupt their plan as revenge. On New Years Eve, the four board Beeks\' Philadelphia bound train, intending to switch his report with a forgery. Beeks uncovers their scheme and attempts to kill them, but he is knocked unconscious by a gorilla being transported on the train. The four disguise Beeks with a gorilla costume and lock him up with the real gorilla. The forged report indicating that the year\'s orange crop will be low is then delivered to the Dukes. Valentine and Winthorpe then travel to New York City with Coleman and Ophelia\'s life savings to carry out their part of the plan. On the commodities trading floor, the Dukes commit all their holdings to buying frozen concentrated orange-juice futures contracts; other traders follow their lead, inflating the price. Meanwhile, Valentine and Winthorpe sell futures heavily at the inflated price. Following the broadcast of the actual crop report, showing that the orange crop will be normal, the price of orange-juice futures plummets. Valentine and Winthorpe buy back their futures at the lower price from everyone but the Dukes, turning a large profit. The Dukes fail to meet a margin call, and are left owing $394 million. Valentine and Winthorpe explain to the Dukes that they had made a wager on whether they could get rich while making the Dukes poor simultaneously. Valentine collects $1 from Winthorpe while Randolph collapses holding his chest and Mortimer shouts angrily at his brother about their failed plan. Beeks and the gorilla are loaded onto a ship heading for Africa. Meanwhile, the now wealthy Valentine, Winthorpe, Ophelia, and Coleman vacation on a luxurious tropical beach.'] ["Psychic Alex Gardner  was the 19-year-old prime subject of a scientific research project documenting his psychic ability, but in the midst of the study he disappeared and has since been using his talents solely for personal gain, which lately consists mainly of gambling and womanizing. After running afoul of a local gangster/extortionist named Snead , Gardner evades two of Snead's thugs by allowing himself to be taken by two men, Finch  and Babcock  who identify themselves as being from an academic institution. At the institution, Alex is reunited with his former mentor Dr. Paul Novotny  who is now involved in government-funded psychic research. Novotny, aided by fellow scientist Jane DeVries , has developed a technique that allows psychics to voluntarily link with the minds of others by projecting themselves into the subconscious during REM sleep . Alex is blackmailed into joining Novotny’s project that he  intended to use for a benevolent purpose as a clinic to diagnose and treat sleep disorders, particularly in the form of nightmares, but the project has been hijacked by Bob Blair , a powerful government agent with possible CIA ties, though it is never clearly revealed in the film. Alex eventually discovers that he is actually involved in a U.S. government-funded project to use this dream-linking technique for assassination. Before the plot is revealed, Alex gains experience helping a man worried about his wife’s infidelity and taking over the case of a young boy named Buddy  who’s plagued with nightmares so terrible that a previous psychic lost his mind in an attempt to help Buddy. Buddy's nightmare bogeyman involves a large snakeman which later becomes a weakness for Alex.  A subplot involving Alex and Jane’s growing infatuation culminates with him sneaking into Jane's dream without the use of the machine that is a part of the process, a point Jane does not realize at first because she is too angry that Alex was able to have sex with her in her dream. With the help of a novelist named Charlie Prince , who has been covertly investigating the project for the basis of a new book, Alex learns of Blair’s sinister intentions.  Prince and Novotny are both murdered to silence them; things get worse when the President of the United States  is admitted as a patient and Alex’s colleague Tommy Ray Glatman , a psychopath who  shot and killed his own father, is sent into the President's nightmare by Blair in an attempt to assassinate the President. Blair considers the President a threat to national security due to the President's nightmares of a post-apocalyptic world, which represent his fears and becomes cause for his wishing to enter unfavorable negotiations for nuclear disarmament. Alex and Jane manage to get close enough to the President’s room for Alex to project himself into the President's dream and save him: after a fight in which Glatman rips out a police officer's heart, attempts to incite a mob of nuclear attack victims to attack the President, and battles Alex in the form of the snake-monster from Buddy's dream, Alex assumes the appearance of Glatman's murdered father  in order to distract him, allowing the President to ram a spear into Glatman's back, killing him. The President is grateful to Alex but reluctant to confront Blair, who apparently holds a truly powerful position in the government. To protect himself and Jane, Alex enters Blair’s dream and murders him before Blair can bring about any sort of retribution. The film ends with Jane and Alex boarding a train to Louisville, Kentucky, intent on making their previous dream encounter a reality. Encountering the ticket conductor from Jane's dream gives them a moment of pause."] ["Astronaut Capt. Richmond Talbot inadvertently volunteers to make the first manned flight around the moon. He is ordered to keep the upcoming moon flight a secret, even from his family. Due to the classified nature of the mission, he is placed under the watchful eye of several national security agencies. Despite all of their precautions, Talbot is approached by Lyrae, a mysterious “foreign” girl who seems to know all about the astronaut's mission. She approaced Talbot to warn him about possible defects in his spacecraft. The various agencies assume she is a foreign spy. Eventually Lyrae reveals that she is a friendly alien from the planet Beta Lyrae. She wants to offer him a special formula that will safeguard his rocket. Enchanted by the girl, Talbot sneaks away from the FBI, NASA, and CIA agents who have been guarding him to spend more time with Lyrae. Eventually, after his rocket is launched, Talbot discovers that Lyrae has stowed away. The two sing a romantic song about Beta Lyrae while mission control is confused by the bizarre transmissions."] ['The film opens the night Jesse and Jade get married in Bride of Chucky as the second parody of Look Who\'s Talking in the Child\'s Play series where Chucky\'s sperm reach Tiffany\'s egg and a baby is conceived and grown over time. At the end of the scene, the baby passes through the birth canal as seen in the last moment in Bride of Chucky. Six years after the events of Bride of Chucky, the film then shows Glen ([[Billy Boyd , the son of Chucky and Tiffany, point of view having a nightmare in which he slaughters a little girl\'s parents and living a life of embarrassment as a ventriloquist\'s dummy. Desperate to know his parents, Glen tracks them down to Hollywood. Chucky and Tiffany are first shown killing a man dressed as Santa Claus for a movie. Upon tracking down his parents, who are now dummies in one of Jennifer Tilly\'s films, Glen uses a voodoo amulet to bring them back to life. Shortly afterward, when Chucky  finds out that Glen is his child, he faints. But as for Tiffany, she was very happy and hugs her child. Tiffany and Chucky have a dispute over whether Glen is male or female. Chucky decides to label him as a boy and Tiffany labels him as a girl, calling him "Glenda". When a puppeteer, Tony Gardner begins taking Tiffany apart, she and Chucky cut his head off with a piano wire. Jennifer Tilly sees the beheaded body and calls the police. Glen/Glenda is horrified by this, and later asks them why they murder others, as he feels that violence is bad. Tiffany and Chucky then make an agreement to quit killing, although Chucky only pretends to agree. Jennifer tries to get a role as the Virgin Mary in Redman\'s directorial debut, but after Redman says that Jennifer isn\'t right for the part, she invites him over to her house. Chucky and Tiffany make plans to transfer their souls into Redman and Jennifer. Jennifer and Redman start to have sex, only for Tiffany to knock them out. While they are unconscious, Tiffany inseminates Jennifer with Chucky\'s semen. Chucky leaves and takes Glen/Glenda with him. After driving Britney Spears\' car off the road, killing her, they proceed to go to a photographer\'s darkroom. The photographer, Pete Peters ([[John Waters , had taken pictures of Tilly having sex with Redman, and of Chucky masturbating. Glen/Glenda tries to warn Peters that Chucky will kill him, only for Peters to bump into a shelf, causing a jar of acid to fall and accidentally kill him. Chucky, overjoyed, believes Glen/Glenda did this on purpose and takes a picture to celebrate. Jennifer awakens the next morning, realizes that she is pregnant and claims it is Redman\'s, though he states that this is impossible. In anger, Tiffany rips his intestines out. The next day, Jennifer is horrified to find herself with a fully pregnant belly. The voodoo magic that fuels the killer dolls has also accelerated the pregnancy. Jennifer is captured by Chucky and her chauffeur, Stan, serving as Chucky\'s replacement body due to Redman\'s death is also captured. Jennifer\'s assistant, Joan , tries to help her, but is brutally killed. It is then revealed that there were two souls in Glen: Glen and Glenda. Chucky also reveals that he killed 3 people and hid them in a closet like Tiffany did to Redman. Jennifer gives birth to twins, a boy and a girl, and it is then that Chucky has an epiphany. After several years of being an infamous killer doll, Chucky finally accepts his circumstances. Disturbed, Tiffany rejects Chucky and resolves to take Glen with her. An enraged Chucky throws a knife at Jennifer, but Stan jumps in front and is stabbed in the neck, he tells Tilly that he loves her as he dies. Before Glen can decide which baby to possess, the police arrive, forcing the dolls to flee. Jennifer is rushed to the hospital by the cops, but claims she wants to see her babies. Tiffany drugs Jennifer and begins to possess her, but Chucky breaks in and kills Tiffany with an axe. Glen/Glenda becomes enraged by this, and attacks Chucky by cutting his limbs and his head. After suffering an emotional breakdown, Jennifer comforts her Glen. Five years later, at Glen and Glenda\'s birthday party, a nanny quits her job because Jennifer\'s daughter, Glenda, stares at her with hatred and scares her. Jennifer lets her quit, only to kill her when she turns away, and Jennifer\'s eyes switch to Tiffany\'s, revealing that Tiffany was successful in possessing Jennifer\'s body. Glen has taken the body of the son, and receives a strange, unnamed present. When Glen opens the present, he sees that it\'s Chucky\'s right arm. Frightened, he wets his pants and turns around. Chucky\'s arm then grabs him, and he begins screaming as Chucky\'s laugh is heard, meaning he will return, one day.'] ['Ali Hassan  is a reporter with Danka TV, a downmarket local TV channel in Karachi. He is keen to migrate to the US for a better life and wants to work for an American news channel. He gets a chance to fly to the USA, but ruins it on board while filming his own audition. He recites the words "Hijack" and "Bomb" too many times; thus scaring his fellow on board passengers and flight crew members. As soon as he reaches the USA, he is deported immediately. Furthermore, because of this incident his visa application is refused six times in seven years. While covering a local event for his channel, he comes across an Osama Bin Laden look-alike, Noora , and hits upon an idea to make a fake Osama tape. He manages to convince his assistant Gul  about the merits of his plan. With help from his travel agent\'s assistant Zoya  and a local radio jockey Quereshi , he is able to make the tape by tricking Noora into unknowingly posing as Bin Laden. He then sells the tape to the owner of his channel, hoping to raise money for a new false identity, a new passport and a renewed attempt at getting the elusive US visa. However, the gravity of their action strikes them when the US Government takes the tape seriously and gets involved, as do the Pakistani intelligence agencies. Noora too comes to know about the trick played upon him and goes into a hiding. Ali decides to diffuse the situation by making another tape in which Osama would be declaring ceasefire with US. He manages to convince Noora and Qureshi. During the shooting of the tape in Danka TV studio, Noora unwittingly detonates a grenade, which kills his beloved cock. Depressed, Noora runs away from the location with the Osama-makeup still on him, forcing Ali and his team to follow suit. They manage to get hold of Noora and try to convince him for another shoot. Meanwhile, the FBI team, led by Ted ([[Barry John  and Usman, head of the Pakistani intelligence agency track down the location of Ali and his team and with their help, the police arrests Noora, Ali and his team. Ted is delirious that he could at last catch Osama bin Laden. However, during the interrogation, the truth is revealed and to save Ted\'s face, Ali convinces him about his idea of making a tape of Osama declaring ceasefire. The film ends with US accepting the offer of ceasefire and Ted getting elected as Defence Secretary. Ali is at last able to make it to the US and Noora too changes his lifestyle, marries Zoya and helps her with the daily routine in her beauty parlor.'] ['The film centers on four aspiring filmmakers, Rome, Buzz, Max, and One-Eye, who go on a surreal rampage and make their exploits into a movie. While evading law enforcement, the filmmakers discuss their plans on how to make their movie as violent and sexy as possible so that they can sell it for a lot of money. After the group blows up a gas station, Rome flirts with an attractive woman he meets on the street, Tess, and tries to cast her. He gives her a copy of the script to audition, but after reading it, she disgustedly argues with the group about the shallow, adolescent nature of their movie. The argument is part of the script, however, and Tess passes the audition. The group orchestrates a few more scenes of violence for the movie, at times by recruiting bystanders at gunpoint to play roles, while other times creating situations simply by writing them into the script. Needing a villain for the movie, the group decides to kidnap their favorite B-movie star, Virgil Morgan, and force him to participate. They arrive at Virgil\'s Hollywood home and abduct him. After a few unsuccessful attempts to film a scene, Virgil tutors the group on basic filmmaking skills. Most of the actors that appear in the film, including those whose characters have already been killed, gather in Virgil\'s living room and perform a read-through of the script. The group orchestrates a climatic car chase and gun battle. During the chase, the group decides to name their movie "Killer Flick", with the tagline "Because we\'d kill to make a movie". At the end of the chase, Tess is shot and killed. The group tearfully buries her, consoled in the knowledge that her death was required by the traditional structures of screenwriting.'] ['In this irreverent parody, the British court and war government consist mainly of idiots and/or traitors. Adolf Hitler moves into Buckingham Palace and plans to marry into the Windsors. A US Army officer claims the cigar-smoking iconic PM was an actor, Ray Bubbles, impersonating his own father, USMC lieutenant Winston Churchill, a genius spy who stole an enigma code machine and almost single-handedly won a very alternative battle for Britain'] ["Stranded in a small town in a downpour, the manager of a traveling musical show  convinces the handlers of a boring long-winded local judge running for governor  to hire his group to attract people to the politician's rallies. When the show's crooner, Eric Land , upstages the Judge, he's fired, but on a return visit he saves the day by standing in for the Judge, who is too drunk to speak. Impressed by his poise, the party's bosses ask Eric to take over as candidate, and the singer, knowing he has no chance to win, agrees for the exposure and the radio airtime in which he can showcase his singing. Soon, though, his girlfriend Sally  becomes annoyed at the amount of time Eric is spending with the wife of one of the bosses, and she leaves when she thinks he has lied to her. When the bosses ask Eric to agree to patronage appointments that will lead to easy graft for all of them, he exposes them on the radio, telling the voters that voting for him would be a huge mistake and urging them to vote for his opponent. At the end Eric is, of course, elected governor, and re-united with Sally."] ['Hold Me, Thrill Me, Kiss Me is an off-kilter comedy about a criminal who shoots his fiancée during a shotgun wedding, and runs away with her fortune, winding up in a low class El Monte, California trailer park. As he bides time awaiting a phony passport, he falls in love with a young woman who is the sister of a bullying stripper. After he rejects the overtures of the stripper, she plots her twisted revenge.{{cite web}}'] ['When Mr Pedelty  leaves his firm, he is given a television set as a retirement present. At first he enjoys all the attention from his neighbours, but soon the attraction wears off, and he sells it on to a young married couple  living in the flat above him. They soon encounter the same problems, and again the set is passed on to several different characters all with the same results.'] ['American film producer Jeremy Prokosch  hires respected Austrian director Fritz Lang  to direct a film adaptation of Homer\'s Odyssey. Dissatisfied with Lang\'s treatment of the material as an art film, Prokosch hires Paul Javal , a novelist and playwright, to rework the script. The conflict between artistic expression and commercial opportunity parallels Paul\'s sudden estrangement from his wife Camille Javal , who becomes aloof with Paul after being left alone with Prokosch, a millionaire playboy. While founded on Alberto Moravia\'s story of the progressive estrangement between a husband and wife, Godard\'s version also contains deliberate parallels with aspects of his own life: while Paul, Camille, and Prokosch correspond to Ulysses, Penelope, and Poseidon, respectively, they also correspond in some ways with Godard, his wife Anna Karina , and Joseph E. Levine, the film\'s distributor. At one point, Bardot dons a black wig which gives her a resemblance to Karina. Michel Piccoli also bears some resemblance to Brigitte Bardot\'s ex-husband, the filmmaker Roger Vadim. Also notable in the film is a discussion of Dante – particularly Canto XXVI of Inferno, about Ulysses\' last fatal voyage beyond the Pillars of Hercules to the other side of the world – and Friedrich Hölderlin\'s poem, "Dichterberuf" .'] ['A stylish, very attractive young woman, Celestine , arrives from Paris to become chambermaid for an odd family at their country chateau. The period is mid-1930s, and the populace is astir with extremist politics, right and left. The Monteil\'s household consists of a childless couple, the frigid wife\'s elderly, genteel father, and several servants, including Joseph the driver/groundskeeper  who\'s a rightist, nationalist, anti-Semitic, violent man. The wife  runs a rigidly tidy house; she would like to please her virile husband physically, but cannot, due to pelvic "pain." M. Monteil (Michel Piccoli} amuses himself by hunting small game and pursuing all the females within range &ndash; the previous chambermaid seems to have left pregnant and had to be "bought off." The wife\'s father amuses himself with his collection of racy postcards and novels, and a closet full of women\'s shoes and boots, that he likes his chambermaids to model. Their next-door neighbor  is a burly, retired Army officer, with a chubby maid/mistress , and a violent streak of his own &ndash; he likes to throw refuse and stones over the fence, to the great annoyance of M. Monteil. Celestine almost immediately finds her role in the house completely defined by the sexual proclivities of the other characters, and she proceeds to use her own considerable sexual assets to accomplish her goals. The elderly father, M. Rabour , is found dead in bed, dissheveled, clutching some boots that Celestine had worn earlier that evening; and Celestine decides to leave the job the next day. Previously, however, she had become motherly and protective of a sweet pre-pubescent girl named Claire  who visited the house; after the girl\'s raped and mutilated body is found in a nearby wood, Celestine decides to stay on at the job, in order to get revenge on the murderer. She quickly finds reason to suspect the groundskeeper Joseph. She seduces and promises to marry him and join him to run a cafe in Cherbourg, so he will confess the crime to her, which he does not. She then contrives and plants evidence to implicate him in the girl\'s murder. He is arrested, but eventually released for lack of solid evidence, although there is a suggestion that the real reason is his nativist political activism. Meanwhile Celestine agrees to marry the elderly ex-Army-officer neighbor, and after the marriage, we see him serving her breakfast in bed and obeying her commands. The final scene shows a crowd of nationalistic men marching past the Cherbourg cafe run by Joseph, who is shouting rightist slogans.'] ['A seemingly anti-bourgeois group of adults spend their time seeking their "inner idiot" to release their inhibitions. They do so by behaving in public as if they were developmentally disabled. The Idiots is not concerned with actual disability, or with distinguishing between mental retardation and physical impairment. At a restaurant, patrons are disturbed by the group\'s mischief, but single diner Karen develops an appreciation of their antics. The members of the group refer to this behaviour as \'spassing\', a neologism derived from \'spasser\', the Danish equivalent of \'spaz\' and an offensive slur. Karen takes a ride in a taxi cab with the people from the restaurant, and she finds herself at a big house. The apparent leader of the group, Stoffer, is supposed to be selling the house , but instead it becomes the focal point for group activities. The \'spassing\' is a self-defeating attempt by the group to challenge the establishment through provocation. The self-styled idiots feel that the society-at-large treats their intelligence uncreatively and unchallengingly; thus, they seek the uninhibited self-expression that they imagine a romantic ideal of disability will allow. Stoffer, at his birthday party, wishes for a \'gangbang\', and both clothes and inhibitions are soon discarded. But when Stoffer calls for the group members to let idiocy invade their personal daily lives, only Karen takes up the challenge. She takes Susanne back to her house, where they are greeted by surprise by Karen\'s mother. Karen had been missing for two weeks, following the death of her young baby; she offers no explanation of where she has been. Karen attempts to spass in front of her family by dribbling the food she is eating, but this results in a violent slap from her husband, Anders. Karen and Susanne leave the house.'] ['The residents of the  rural village of Titfield rely on the railway branch line to commute to work and transport their produce to market. So they are shocked when the government announces that the line is to be closed. Particularly hard hit is the local vicar, railway enthusiast Rev. Sam Weech ; he comes up with the idea to run it locally. He and the local squire, Gordon Chesterford , persuade wealthy Walter Valentine  to provide the financial backing by telling him they can legally operate a bar while the train is running &ndash; he will not have to wait all morning for the local pub to open. The branch line supporters are bitterly opposed by bus operators Alec Pearce  and Vernon Crump , but, despite the fears of town clerk George Blakeworth , the supporters persuade the Ministry of Transport to grant them a month\'s trial period with an inspection at the end. Dan Taylor , a retired railway worker, knows how to run an engine and joins the venture. On the maiden run, Crump and Pearce try to block a crossing, first with their lorry and then with a passing steam roller operated by Harry Hawkins , but the steam locomotive is too powerful and pushes them off the track. The next day, Crump and Pearce persuade an irate Hawkins to shoot holes in the water tower, but the passengers form a bucket brigade and refill the engine from a nearby stream using buckets from the nearby farm. Defeated, Crump proposes a merger, but is turned down. The night before the inspection, Hawkins, Crump and Pearce use the steamroller to tow the unguarded engine and coach down the gradient. It runs off the track where the three men have removed a rail. Blakeworth is mistakenly blamed and arrested. Taylor and Valentine get drunk together and decide to "borrow" an engine from the Mallingford yards, but end up driving the engine along the main street of Mallingford and finally running the locomotive into a large oak tree. They are arrested. Weech decides to get the antique but still-functional Thunderbolt from the museum, and after liberating Blakeworth from the law, they persuade the mayor to support them. They also commandeer Dan Taylor\'s home, an old railway carriage body, which is hastily strapped to a flatcar. With Taylor\'s arrest, Weech is left without a fireman/stoker. Fortunately, the vicar\'s friend and fellow railway devotee, Ollie Matthews , the Bishop of Welchester, is visiting and, nothing loathe, is hurriedly drafted in to assist. Meanwhile, Pierce and Crump see Thunderbolt from the road and, distracted, run their bus into a police lorry and are also arrested. Weech and Chesterford also have to improvise a means of connecting the engine to the rest of the train since the coupling method had greatly changed since Thunderbolt{{\'}}s heyday. The village craftsman uses a length of rope, but warns Chesterford to be careful. As they are about to start their run, the police demand to be carried to Mallingford with their four prisoners. The Ministry inspector  refuses to adjust the starting time for the delay. During a braking test, the rope snaps, and Thunderbolt leaves the carriages behind. However, several villagers turn out and manage to quietly push the carriages to meet up again with Thunderbolt, with the inspector none the wiser. Joan Hampton  has to promise to marry Hawkins to get him to lend them the chain from his roller\'s steering mechanism to replace the broken rope. The train pulls into Mallingford station nearly ten minutes late. The villagers worry that this will prove their downfall, but it turns out that if they had been just a bit faster, they would have exceeded the speed limit for light railways. Instead, the line passes inspection, clearing the way for the Light Railway Order to be granted.'] ['A young man, Juvenal, is apparently able to cure the sick by the laying-on of hands. Mysterious stigmata appear from time to time on his flesh. The former evangelist Bill Hill, tired of selling mobile homes for a living, persuades his friend Lynn Faulkner to befriend the innocent ex-monk and encourage him to aim for the big-time. But matters become complicated when the young couple falls in love, and even more complicated when fundamentalist August Murray takes exception to their relationship.'] ['Danielle Billard, aged 82, is a childless widow of an army colonel. She lives in a small-town home in Auxerre with her faithful housekeeper, Odile. Quiet life? Things are not as they appear. Danielle is mean, cruel and malicious. When Odile "accidentally" dies, Danielle divides her estate between her grand-niece and grand-nephew, Jeanne and Jean-Pierre. She then goes to live in Paris with Jean-Pierre and his family. Although the family believes her to be an agreeable elderly lady, they soon discover her true colours! The family goes on an extended vacation leaving their aunt in the care of a young woman, Sandrine. Little does Danielle know, she has finally met her match! Through many turbulant episodes these two women develop an ostensibly mutual love-hate "respect".'] ["Leonard Borland ([[Paul Douglas  lives and works in New York City as a wrecking contractor, married to socialite Doris . Even though&nbsp;– according to her husband&nbsp;– she has no singing talent, Doris considers herself an aspiring opera singer and regularly pressures Leonard to accompany her to operas. Already dismayed by his father-in-law Major Blair's  insistence that Doris takes some singing lessons, Leonard further estranges from Doris when her career takes off. Despite financing her recital and arranging an important critic to watch her performance, Doris shows no gratitude. Meanwhile, successful opera singer Cecil Carver  is complaining about being unable to locate a suitable baritone for her new production, when she and the critic are suddenly rushed to Doris's opera performance. Cecil is not altogether impressed with the newcomer's talent and invites Leonard to her apartment to share her opinion. The two quickly hit it off and share a passionate kiss. Then, she finds out that Leonard, unlike his wife, has a powerful voice, and immediately assigns him to her production under the name 'Logan Bennett'. Doris is too busy training with her mother  and vocal coach to note what her husband is being up to, and believes that he is on the road for his wrecking career. While on tour, Cecil attempts to seduce him, but Leonard, still much in love with Doris, rejects her. Back in New York, Leonard learns that Doris is now under medical care for shock treatment, caused by a disastrous booking at a movie palace. Even though she decides to terminate her music career, she agrees to guest a cocktail party for celebrities. Noticing Leonard's uncomfortable reaction to Cecil's presence at the party, Doris realizes that she might be her husband's mistress. Cecil is disappointed that Leonard pretends not to know her, and assures Doris that she is not attracted to him whatsoever, and only knows him through the opera. The audience, dumbfounded by the revelation that Leonard is an opera singer, demand for him to perform at the party. Humiliated by his betrayal, Doris orders Leonard to leave her. A few days later, Leonard resides penniless in a hotel and finds out that Doris currently lives in Palm Beach. Pressured due to financial troubles, Leonard accepts a steady opera job. At his debut, attended by Doris and her parents, he is surprised by sudden stage fright. An irritated Cecil and her assistant give him some pills and a potion, causing him to feel sick, and fall from the stage for the entire audience to witness. Much to the audience's amusement, he misses his cue and screws up the entire production. He ends his embarrassing performance by falling into the orchestra pit, prompting a livid Cecil to order him to leave. Doris, feeling for her estranged husband, rushes backstage to reconcile with him. Returning home, they find out that Leonard is offered a lucrative wrecking contract."] ['Horror writer Edmund Blackstone  sees his recurring nightmare come to chilling life one weekend as one by one, his friends and family are killed by three villains, led by Martine Beswick as the Queen of Evil, and Hervé Villechaize as Spider.'] ["Lance Clayton  is a single father, unpublished author, and high-school English teacher who dreams of becoming a famous writer. He narrates that he will quit writing if his next book fails and that he is scared of being alone. He unsuccessfully tries to bond with his 15 year old underachieving, manipulative, hostile, sex-obsessed teenage son Kyle .<ref namehttp://festival.sundance.org/2009/film_events/films/worlds_greatest_dad/|titlefestival.sundance.org|accessdate=July 31, 2009}} Kyle is a student at the school where Lance teaches an unpopular poetry class. His only friend is Andrew, a fellow student who spends his evenings at the Claytons' house trying to avoid his embarrassing alcoholic mother. He is respectful and starkly different from Kyle. Kyle's consistently poor academic performance and vile behavior gain the attention of the school principal, who advises Lance that Kyle should transfer to a special-needs school. Lance meanwhile is in a noncommital relationship with a fellow teacher named Claire, who is spending time with a fellow teacher named Mike who runs a more successful class than Lance, and on his nights alone when Claire cancels their dates Lance bonds with his elderly neighbor. One night, after Kyle and Lance spend an evening with Claire, Lance discovers in horror that Kyle has accidentally strangled himself in an autoerotic asphyxiation accident in his bedroom, looking at a picture of Claire's underwear that he sneaked under the table with his cell phone that night. To avoid embarrassing his son and himself, he stages Kyle’s death as an intentional suicide. He writes a suicide note on Kyle’s computer and hangs his son’s body in the closet. Initially, most of the students and faculty at Lance's school are uninterested in Kyle's death, Kyle having been a very unpopular and unlikeable person. However, a classmate later obtains the suicide note from police records and publishes it in the school newspaper. The note strikes a chord with the students and faculty, and suddenly many students claim to have been friends with Kyle and are touched by how deep and intelligent he shows himself to be in his writings. Enjoying the attention his writing is finally receiving, Lance decides to write and publish a phony journal that was supposedly written by his son before his suicide. Kyle becomes something of a post-mortem cult phenomenon at the school, and soon Lance begins to receive the attention and adoration that he had always desired. He begins spending more time with Claire, his class becomes more popular, and students treat him as a friend. Andrew finds Kyle’s suicide note and journals as highly uncharacteristic based on Kyle's personality when he was alive, but Lance brushes him off when Andrew confronts him. The journal soon attracts the attention of book publishers and Lance lands a television appearance on a nationally broadcast talk show. The school principal then decides to rename the school library in Kyle’s honor, despite Kyle's attitude at school during his lifetime and the fact that the principal had at one point suggested that Kyle be transferred. Lance's work, though published under false pretenses, earns him all the fame and appreciation he has dreamed of. At the library dedication, pressed by a combination of his guilt over exploiting his son’s death, his mounting hatred for the hypocrites who claimed false friendship, and the faculty’s new-found admiration of the “genius” of his dead son, Lance confesses before the school. He declares none of them liked Kyle, but that he loved his son, even though he was unpleasant and unintelligent, and that Lance wrote his suicide note and journal to cover up his son's accidental death. Claire slaps Lance and approaches Mike, the principal and students glare and sneer at him, but Lance feels reborn having realised that being alone s not the worst thng the worst things is being surrounded and feeling alone as he does and runs to the school's pool and dives into it naked. Lance becomes the new social pariah and is hated by everyone, but Andrew tells him he knew Lance wrote the journal and that he enjoyed it and feels Lance should keep writing."] ["Stuart Smalley , the disciple of the 12 step program, is challenged by life's injustices. He loses his Public Access Cable Television Show, must beg his manipulative overbearing boss for his job back, rehabilitate his alcoholic father and drug abuser brother , and support his over-weight mother  and sister  in their lack of ability in handling their relationships with their husbands. Stuart is supported by his 12 step sponsors as a he regresses back to his negative behaviors each time he faces these challenges."] ['Danny Noonan  works as a caddy at the upscale Bushwood Country Club to raise enough money to go to college. Danny regularly caddies for Ty Webb , an exceptional golfer and the free-spirited playboy son of one of Bushwood\'s co-founders. Danny decides to gain favor with Judge Elihu Smails , the country club\'s stodgy co-founder and director of the Caddy Scholarship program, by caddying for him. Meanwhile, Bushwood\'s head greenskeeper  is pressured by Smails to deal with a potentially disastrous gopher infestation, and entrusts his dubiously qualified assistant Carl Spackler  with the task. When Smails is antagonized by the obnoxious nouveau riche Al Czervik  during a game, he throws a putter and accidentally injures a member of the club. Danny seizes the opportunity and takes responsibility for the incident, gaining Smails\' trust. Smails encourages him to apply for the Caddy Scholarship. At Bushwood\'s annual Fourth of July banquet, Danny and his girlfriend Maggie  work as servers. Danny becomes attracted to Smails\' sensuous niece, Lacey Underall . Maggie informs Danny of Lacey\'s promiscuous reputation, but this only encourages him. Danny wins the Caddy Day golf tournament and the scholarship. This earns Danny praise from the Judge, and an invitation to attend the Judge\'s boat christening. Lacey and Danny slip away from the ceremony for a tryst at the Judge\'s house, but are discovered by the Judge and his wife. Expecting to be fired or to have the scholarship revoked, Danny is surprised when the Judge only wants his promise that the incident with Lacey will remain secret. Unable to bear the continued presence of the uncouth Czervik at the club , Smails confronts him and announces that Czervik will never be granted membership. Czervik counters by announcing that he would never consider being a member, he is merely there to evaluate buying Bushwood and developing the land into condominiums. After a brief scuffle, Webb suggests they discuss a resolution over drinks. After Smails demands satisfaction, Czervik then proposes a team golf match with Smails and Dr. Beeper  against Czervik and Webb. Against club rules, they also agree to a $20,000 wager on the outcome of the match. The match is held the following day. Word spreads of the stakes involved and a crowd builds. Smails and Beeper are ahead at the end of the 9th hole. In response to Smails\' snide remarks, Czervik proposes to double the stakes. Smails happily agrees. Czervik\'s game, however, continues to spiral downward, so when a ricocheting ball strikes him, he feigns injury in hopes of having the contest declared a draw. Lou , the course official who is acting as an umpire, tells Czervik his team will forfeit unless they find a substitute. Webb chooses Danny. Smails threatens to revoke his scholarship, but Czervik promises Danny that he will make it "worth his while" if he wins. Danny eventually decides he\'d rather strike a blow at the uptight Smails than take the scholarship. At the final hole, the score is tied. Smails makes his putt, putting Smails and Beeper ahead by one shot. Danny must now sink his very long putt in one stroke. Czervik proposes to increase the stakes to $80,000, based only on Danny making the putt, which Smails accepts. Danny\'s putt reaches the very edge of the cup and stops, and Smails and Beeper begin celebrating. While the match has been going on, Carl\'s previous efforts to kill the gopher have failed, and he has now wired much of the course with plastic explosives in a final scorched earth tactic. As Danny\'s putt hangs on the edge of the cup, Carl pushes the detonator and explosions shake the whole course. The force of the explosions causes Danny\'s ball to drop, so Webb, Danny and Czervik win the $80,000. Smails refuses to pay, which Czervik has anticipated; he asks a couple of very large men from his entourage to "help the Judge find his checkbook." As Smails is chased around the course, Czervik leads another wild party attended by all of the onlookers at the match, inexplicably shouting, "We\'re all going to get laid!". The gopher emerges, unharmed by the explosives, and dances amid the smoldering ruins of the golf course.'] ['When Fella\'s  father dies, he continues to live with his wicked stepmother, Emily  and her two sons, Maximilian  and Rupert ([[Robert Hutton . His stepfamily takes over the family mansion, while Fella is reduced to living in an unfinished room at the end of a long hallway. He has in essence become their butler, catering to their every whim. Fella dreams nightly that his father is trying to relay a message to him about where he has hidden his fortune, but he always awakens before he learns the hiding place. His stepfamily knows of this secret fortune and they go to great lengths to try to discover its whereabouts. They pretend to befriend him in order to wrangle his fortune away once it is found. Princess Charming of the Grand Duchy of Morovia  is in town and the stepmother decides to throw her a lavish ball in order to get her to marry one of her sons. Fella is not allowed to go to the ball, but his fairy godfather  tells him that he will not remain a "people" much longer, but will blossom into a "person". On the evening of the ball, Fella is turned into a handsome prince and sent to the ball in a limousine. Count Basie is playing at the ball when Fella makes his grand entrance. The young man quickly gains the attention of the Princess. The night is cut short when midnight strikes and Fella flees, losing his shoe along the way. Back home, one of Fella\'s stepbrothers realizes that Fella is the supposed "prince". They wind up in a struggle under a tree, in the process discovering that that is where Fella\'s father\'s fortune is hidden. Fella gives the money to his stepfamily, telling them that he never needed money to be happy, he only wanted a family. Shamed, his stepmother orders her sons to return the money to Fella. The Princess arrives with Fella\'s lost shoe, but Fella explains that they could never be together because she is a "person" and he is a "people". She tells him that underneath the fancy clothes she is a "people" too.'] ['The film begins with a pre-credit sequence where a group of unnamed terrorists have parked a vehicle containing a guided missile pointed straight at the Palace of Westminster whilst politicians are heard on the film\'s soundtrack. They are thwarted by a group of older women in a tour group who turn out to be cross-dressing commandos who eliminate the terrorists with sub-machine guns and grenades. They are led by Agent Charles Vine with his second-in-command being Lt. Guy Fawkes who has saved the Parliament of England. The film proper begins with the Royal Air Force testing a secret light-weight metal called "Spurium" http://ftvdb.bfi.org.uk/sift/title/396326?view=synopsis that enables nuclear aircraft to fly. An unnamed sinister organisation led by a man named Angel hijacks the DC-3 aircraft by hypnotising the RAF Regiment guards and flying the plane to another location but they are shot down by the RAF. Afraid the incident may happen again, Vine is assigned as security to the project. However Angel\'s organisation kidnap Vine and replace him with one of their own men named Seraph. Obtaining information before he escapes allows Seraph to steal a sample of Spurium to be sold to the Soviet Union; however the Russians believe he is double-crossing them and kills him. Vine escapes and reports to the RAF airbase where he meets his RAF counterpart, Flight Lieutenant Felicity "Fiz" Moonlight. Angel\'s men try an all out assault on the airfield to capture the next nuclear aircraft set to fly. Vine and Angel end up in the nuclear aircraft that takes flight but Vine is rescued by F/L Moonlight.'] ['Laurie Harding  is a small shop clerk in the local Calgary mall. His world is full of tragic accidents - crosswalks, elevators, escalators and virtually anything associated with commercialism or technology is parodied as objects of fear and tragedy. An elevator plunges 30 stories. A woman\'s scarf is caught in an escalator, strangling her to death. A man is struck by a car, right before Laurie had the premonition to not cross. His own world is full of fear of these very events, his predictions of them, and his dependence on his less-than-sympathetic sister, Michelle . Michelle heads product development at the company Global Safety Inc., whose mission is to provide products to combat the "Fear Storm" which assails the city. With their "Early Warning 2 Safe System tm", the PDA-like device warns you of danger ahead of time and the "Safe Bracelet tm" senses your fear and allows you to beep for help. Along with Laurie\'s prophetic powers, and the endless onslaught of accidents, the movie is full of absurd events: a mall announcer who continually requests a speaker of x foreign language - without any apparent reason; the same mall\'s population which slowly dwindles, being virtually empty by the film\'s end; an entire classroom population which is accosted simultaneously by hiccups; Some of these are more apparently satirical of pop culture: to comfort himself, Laurie repeats commercial refrains, such "Rice-A-Roni, the San Francisco treat"; his girlfriend, Dot , does a survey on "how the clothes you wear define you" - one she both detests and is obsessed by. These events are framed by the pretextual plot of Laurie conquering his fears &mdash; and by extension, the fears of those around him. However, by the film\'s end, it is doubtful that anything has been changed or achieved.'] ['Marina, Adan, Mimí and Ignacio met in high school. Marina fell in love with Ignacio at graduation, after he pulled her out of a pool and gave her mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, which she interpreted as a kiss. During graduation as well, Adan in a prank gone awry broke Mimi\'s ankle, which resulted on her missing out on her one shot to appear in a famous soap opera. Now twelve years later Marina is a sculptor unable to finish her latest piece. Adan is a recovering alcoholic, junkie and sex addict. Mimi works in a kids show playing the part of a bumblebee and Ignacio is a risk annalist for an insurance company, obsessed with the death of his girlfriend 8 years before. They all attend to a high school reunion party for different reasons. Marina wants to find out if Ignacio feels something about her, Adan wants to rekindle his old relationship with his ex "La Chule", Mimi was forced to attend by her overbearing mother once again on the eve of a big audition and Ignacio goes to see Mimi, his cousin. During the course of the reunion Adan during the heat of passion with his ex accidentally pushes Mimi of the roof breaking her ankle once more and losing his cellphone in the process which is subsequently found by Mimi, who swears revenge upon Adan. Ignacio and Marina meet, and Ignacio reveals that he never liked her, at this point Marina is struck by a car in the same spot Ignacio\'s girlfriend was. Later at the hospital Marina agrees to help Ignacio find the driver if he agrees to date her, he reluctantly agrees. Mimi having once more lost an important audition has given up and accepted her life, but her mother forces the producer give her an audition during which she is interrupted by Adan and his girlfriend\'s niece, who immediately catches the producers eye and is cast instead of Mimi. Mimi proceeds to wreak vengeance upon Adan taking to point of consuming heroin and alcohol again. Meanwhile Ignacio finds the truck driver and proceeds to talk to him, he feels hatred towards the trucker at first but soon his feeling turn to pity when he listens to his story, now finally having obtained closure over the death of his wife he realizes he loves Marina and goes to see her. While kissing she notices burns on his hands and asks him about them, he responds that during graduation he and his friends were making a bonfire near the pool and his arm caught on fire when he went through his arm in the water to put out the flames. Marina gets upset about this, she thought Ignacio had saved her because he loved her. Marina storms off looking for Adan only to find him drunk at the school trying to stop Mimi from killing herself; after Ignacio appears, Adan and Ignacio fight which leaves Ignacio unconscious and in the pool. Marina not wanting to lose Ignacio jumps in the pool and rescues him.'] ["The film is a semi-autobiographical account of Makmahlbaf's experience as a teenager when, as a seventeen-year-old, he stabbed a policeman at a protest rally and was jailed. Two decades later, Makhmalbaf made the decision to track down the policeman whom he had injured in an attempt to make amends. A Moment of Innocence is a dramatization of that real event."] ['An unemployed African man, Ibrahima, lives with his two wives and kids. A nephew of his sends him a money order from France worth 25,000 Francs which he has saved from working as a street sweeper. He is to keep some of the money for himself, save a portion for his nephew, and give a portion to his sister. However, Ibrahima faces numerous difficulties with the Senegalese bureaucracy in trying to cash the money order. The film explores themes of neocolonialism, religion, corruption, and relationships in Senegalese society.'] ["Louis Coline  is an executive assistant in a declining Paris department store. While he is not ambitious and has little to do, he is content with his wife Nina , visits to his mother and grandmother and nights out with his friends playing poker. However, the manipulative Bertrand Malair  becomes the store's new manager, and arrives to shake up the company. Louis fears for his job, but Bertrand draws him into his inner circle of confidants. Bertrand starts to control Louis' life, while Louis is afraid of losing his privileged position. To maintain it Louis works overtime, accepts Bertrand's invitations to nightclubs and dinners with an androgynous woman, and places his house at Bertrand's disposal. Nina sees through her husband's behaviour and objects, but Louis cannot refuse Bertrand's demands, and she is unable to make him see how much his personality has changed. Desperate, she leaves her husband, which only draws him further under Bertrand's control. Bertrand soon disappears as mysteriously as he came, and Louis finds himself unable to revert to his previous self."] ['The story is a satire of the film industry and Hollywood society. The main character, Felix Farmer, is a phenomenally successful film producer who has just made the first flop of his career, to the dismay of his movie studio and the loss of his own sanity. Felix attempts suicide four times: First, he attempts to die of carbon monoxide poisoning in his car, only to have it slip into gear and drive through the side of his garage, down a sand dune and ending up in the Pacific Ocean. Secondly, he attempts to hang himself from a rafter in an upstairs bedroom, only to fall through the floor, landing on a poisonous Hollywood gossip columnist standing in the living room below. Thirdly, he turns on the gas in the kitchen oven, but is prevented from carrying out his intent by two house guests with other things on their mind. Thereafter he spends most of the time heavily sedated while his friends and hangers-on occupy his beach house. The occupation leads to a party which degenerates into an orgy. Finally, he tries to shoot himself with a police officer\'s gun but is prevented from doing so by the ministrations of a sweet young thing in a pair of panties, and experiences a revelation of what was missing from his movie - Free Love! Newly energized, Felix resolves to save both the film and his reputation. With great difficulty he persuades the studio and his wife Sally Miles, an Oscar-winning movie star with a goody-goody image, to allow him to revise the film into a soft-core pornographic musical in which she must appear topless. He liquidates most of his wealth to buy the existing footage and to bankroll further production. If he fails, both he and Sally will be impoverished, at least by Hollywood standards. At first the studio is keen to unload the film onto Felix and move on, but as it becomes apparent that it will be a success, they plot to regain control. Using California\'s community property laws, they get the distribution and final-cut rights by persuading Sally to sign them over. Felix then tries to get the movie negatives from the studio\'s color lab vault, armed with a water pistol, and is shot by police who think it is a real pistol. Felix\'s untimely and violent death creates yet another crisis, particularly for his cronies Culley, Coogan and Dr. Finegarten, who plan to give him a burial at sea. They kidnap his corpse, substituting the body of a well-known but underrated character actor who died in the first scene of the movie, having a heart attack while jogging on the beach in front of Felix\'s home. Felix gets a Viking funeral, being sent out to sea in a burning dinghy, while the actor finally gets the Hollywood burial many thought he deserved. The epilogue later reveals that the revamped film was a huge success, and Sally won another Academy Award for her performance.  Little is seen of the movie which is the focus of the plot, except for an extended dream sequence and a brief shot taking place close to the end. The title is Night Wind, which provokes the headline "Critics break Wind" seen on a copy of Variety at the start of S.O.B. after the initial flop. The opening sequence of S.O.B. is the first version of the dream where Julie Andrews wanders through a room full of giant toys, reliving in sublimated form some dark episode from her character\'s childhood. Several of the toys come to life, including a group of toy soldiers, while the tune of Polly Wolly Doodle plays in the background. Later Felix, having decided to rewrite the movie as soft-porn, reveals his plan to the studio heads on the set of the toy room, hiding at first while the executives wander around wondering where he is. Then in the re-shoot, the same set is used but the toys, including the soldiers, are dressed in various erotic costumes, and the "dream" features a mysterious man who tries to tempt Andrews\' character.'] ["Van Horne , a bank robber dressed like a Roman Catholic priest, is spared from a firing squad in 1922 in an unnamed Central America nation and sent to kill a local desperado. The film marks the final screen appearance by Hayworth, whose health worsened as Alzheimer's disease took hold."] ['A group of radicalised young Muslim English men aspire to be suicide bombers. They are Omar , the leading straight man who is deeply critical of Western society and imperialism; his dim-witted friend, Waj ; Barry , a bad-tempered and extremely rash White convert to Islam; and naive Faisal , who tries to train crows to be used as bombers. While Omar and Waj go to a terrorist training camp in Pakistan, Barry recruits a reluctant fifth member, Hassan . The visit to the training camp ends in disaster, with Omar misfiring a rocket that kills fellow jihadists; however, he uses the experience to assert authority on his return to Britain. The group begins acquiring materials for making improvised explosive devices but disagree about what to target. Barry wants to bomb a local mosque as a false flag operation to "radicalise the moderates", but Omar considers this idiotic. Faisal suggests blowing up a branch of the pharmacy chain Boots, but Omar states it is a not a worthwhile target. Hassan allows an oblivious neighbour  into their safe house; the group think they have been compromised and transport their volatile explosives to a new location in grocery bags. Faisal accidentally trips in a field, while carrying the explosives, and blows up. This causes a row among the remaining four, who disband; but they reconcile, and Omar decides to target the upcoming London Marathon. Wearing mascot costumes to conceal their explosives—Omar as the Honey Monster; Waj as a man riding an ostrich; Barry as a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle; and Hassan as an inverted clown —they prepare to attack. Waj expresses doubts about the rectitude of the plot, but Omar convinces him to go ahead. Hassan loses his nerve and tries to alert nearby police officers, but Barry detonates his bomb using a mobile phone, killing Hassan, the police and alerting the authorities to the remaining three. Omar realises he has led an unwitting Waj into something he does not want to do, and sets off to make him change his mind. Police attempt to shoot Omar as he mingles with other runners but, instead, shoot a bystander dressed as a Wookiee. Omar eventually contacts Waj from his mobile phone but is attacked by Barry, who swallows the phone\'s SIM card. However, Barry begins to choke on it, causing a passer-by to carry out the Heimlich manoeuvre and detonate his bomb. Waj is cornered by police and takes a kebab shop hostage. Omar then borrows a phone and attempts to talk Waj down. However, his call is interrupted by a police raid in which they shoot a hostage whom they mistake for Waj. Confused, Waj detonates his bomb, destroying the kebab shop. Distraught, Omar walks into a nearby pharmacy and detonates his own bomb. It is revealed later that the police have arrested Omar\'s innocent and peaceful brother as a terrorist; that they deflect responsibility for shooting the bystander; and that Omar and Waj killed Osama Bin Laden when Omar fired his rocket backwards in Pakistan.'] ['Troubled by the growing worldwide trend of pop singers being elected as politicians, the President of South Korea orders his Chief Secretary to invoke "Emergency Act 19". This new law criminalizes all pop singers, and the army is deployed on the streets of Seoul to round them up. One pop star, Hong Kyung-min, is arrested while performing a concert, but his angry fans mob the soldiers as they try to take him away. The Chief Secretary\'s teenage daughter, Min-ji, is amongst the fans, and leading her idol to safety gives him her phone number. Kyung-min finally makes a getaway with his friend and fellow pop star, Kim Jang-hoon. Once Jang-hoon and Kyung-min become fully aware of the situation, they contact Min-ji who is able to hide the two singers in a secret location. The Chief Secretary finds out that his daughter is working against him, and when she refuses to give them up he has false news reports created, accusing the singers of sexually assaulting minors. Meanwhile, more pop stars are rounded up by the authorities who are now aided by another singer, Ju Yeong-hun, who decides to betray his friends in order to save himself. Angered by their tarnished reputations, Jang-hoon and Kyung-min acquire a gun from a shady weapons dealer, and with Min-ji\'s help they are able to take the Chief Secretary and his staff hostage. They take their captives to the park, where Min-ji has organized a mass demonstration with her friends and other music fans. The army arrive on the scene and engage the demonstrators in conflict, finally capturing Jang-hoon and Kyung-min. The Chief Secretary is able to walk free in all the chaos, but he is appalled by the violence and orders the fighting to stop, convincing the President to repeal the emergency act and restoring peace.'] ['In World War II France in early September 1944, units of the 35th Infantry Division are nearing the town of Nancy when one of the division\'s mechanized reconnaissance platoons receives orders to pull out while under attack from the Germans. Kelly , a former lieutenant who has been demoted to private following a disastrous assault some time earlier, captures Colonel Dankhopf of German Intelligence. When Kelly notices his prisoner has a gold bar in his briefcase, he gets him drunk to try to get information about the gold. Before he is killed by an attacking German Tiger tank, the drunken Dankhopf blurts out that there is a cache of 14,000 gold bars stored in a bank vault 30 miles behind enemy lines in the town of Clermont. Kelly recruits the rest of his platoon, including skeptical Master Sergeant "Big Joe" , to sneak off and steal the gold. Eventually, others have to be recruited  into the scheme, such as an opportunistic supply sergeant "Crapgame" ; and a Sherman tank commander, "Oddball" . The expedition successfully breaks through a German-held town during a mortar barrage that has been arranged by Kelly. An American fighter plane mistakes Kelly\'s group for the enemy, strafing their vehicles and destroying them with rockets, forcing them to continue on foot, and three of their number die in a subsequent skirmish in and around a minefield. Meanwhile, Oddball\'s tanks battle their way through the German lines, but their route is blocked when the last large bridge is blown up by Allied bombers, prompting Oddball to let a bridge engineering unit in on the deal. When intercepted radio messages of the private raid are brought to the attention of gung-ho American Major General Colt , he misinterprets them as the efforts of aggressive patriots pushing forward on their own initiative and immediately rushes to the front line to exploit the "breakthrough". Kelly\'s men race to reach Clermont before their own army. There, they find it defended by three Tiger tanks with infantry support. The Americans are able to dispatch two of the Tigers and most of the German infantry, but as they prepare to take on the last tank, which is parked right in front of the bank, Oddball\'s last Sherman breaks down and cannot be repaired. Powerless to defeat the tank, Kelly offers the German tank commander a share of the loot. After the Tiger blows the bank doors off, the assembled crew finds the gold cache. After dividing the gold, the men go their separate ways, just managing to avoid meeting the still-oblivious Colt, who is delayed by celebrating town residents.'] ['Five new contestants are selected in a seemingly random lottery and, along with the winner of the previous series, comprise the six Contenders. Each series of The Contenders is played in the limits of a chosen city or town. Contenders are given a gun, though they may acquire other weapons, and the last one left alive is the winner. Contestants are forced to play the game, regardless of whether they desire to. A contender who wins three tours of the game is freed from it. The film purposely leaves many key details unexplained, as the viewer is supposed to be watching only what the creators actually aired in the fictional TV show. How the show became so powerful as to randomly select people to be killed is unexplained, but all the Contenders seem to treat it as something they cannot control. Series 7 is set in Newbury, Connecticut which happens to be the hometown of Dawn Lagarto. She is the longest reigning contender the show has ever seen. She has won two tours, and just needs to win one more to be set free. Dawn is eight months pregnant, and hopes to win the game for her baby. The show then hosts a lottery. Contenders are chosen by whichever social security number appears. The five contenders selected are: *Connie Trabucco - 57 years old, single, emergency room nurse. *Jeffrey Norman - 33 years old, married, artist. He is dying of testicular cancer and Dawn\'s former love. *Anthony Reilly - 39 years old, married, unemployed asbestos remover. *Franklin James - 72 years old, retired. *Lindsay Berns - 18 years old, student. Series 7 begins with a recap of the end of Series 6; the opening scene shows the heavily-pregnant Dawn enter a convenience store and fatally shoot a man in a seemingly random act. The show credits then roll, its rules are explained in voice-over narration, and the contenders are introduced. Interview segments interspersed with several of the contenders\' early attempts to attack each other offer insight and background on the contenders. Most unusually, Dawn and Jeffrey already know each other. They were high school sweethearts who broke up after Dawn became pregnant and had an abortion and Jeffrey came to believe he was gay. Jeffrey, now married to a woman, and Dawn meet and the terminally ill Jeffrey agrees to allow Dawn to kill him. Lindsay travels to Franklin\'s trailer home and attacks him. They fire at each other, but neither is killed. Lindsay suffered a bullet wound to her arm. Anthony tries to flee with his young daughter but is badly injured . Connie and Dawn track him to the hospital where Connie kills him by lethal injection. Following Anthony\'s death, the remaining contenders receive notes to meet someone from "The Underground" at a local mall to escape the game. At the mall, security confiscates Franklin\'s gun, but Lindsay is passed after stating she is part of the show. Dawn is near a Wick\'s n\' Stick\'s store, waiting for whoever sent the letter to arrive. A short time later, she spots Lindsay, and so does Franklin. Franklin creeps up behind Lindsay and beats her to death. Franklin is then killed by Connie, the mastermind behind the notes. The only contenders left are Dawn, Jeffrey, and Connie. Dawn tracks Connie to her home but goes into labor. Connie reluctantly assists her delivery and Dawn is transported to a local hospital to deliver. She names the baby "Jeffrey" but he is taken from her shortly after birth because of game rules. Contender Jeffrey, despondent when Dawn did not return to kill him as promised, is also in the hospital following a suicide attempt. Connie attempts another lethal injection upon Jeffrey, who now wants to live. He shoots and kills her. Dawn races to Jeffrey\'s room where they realize they are the final two Contenders. They agree to meet at a neutral location for a final showdown. There, they profess their love for each other and turn on the camera crews following them. The series finale traces Dawn and Jeffrey through surveillance footage and viewer tips to a movie theater. There they turn on the camera they seized from the crew and take the theater patrons hostage, demanding the return of Dawn\'s baby. At this point, the narrator advises the show\'s audience that all remaining footage was lost due to a technical error and that the events have been reconstructed as a "dramatic re-enactment." Actors playing Dawn and Jeffrey are shown with an official of the Contenders program. "Jeffrey" agrees again to let "Dawn" kill him but before she can "Doria"  appears and kills "Dawn." A distraught "Jeffrey" then shoots himself. The film closes with a "promo" for the upcoming Series 8, which shows Doria in prison denying that she killed anyone and reveals that Jeffrey has survived and is now the reigning contender.'] ["A lovable rogue named Finian McLonergan absconds from his native Ireland with a pot of gold secreted in a carpetbag, plus his daughter Sharon in tow. His destination is Rainbow Valley in the mythical state of Missitucky, where he plans to bury his treasure in the mistaken belief that, given its close proximity to Fort Knox, it will multiply. Hot on his heels is the leprechaun Og, desperate to recover his stolen crock before he turns human. Among those involved in the ensuing shenanigans are Woody Mahoney, a ne'er-do-well dreamer who woos Sharon; his mute sister Susan, who expresses herself in dance; Woody's good friend and business partner Howard, an African American botanist determined to grow mentholated tobacco, and bombastic Senator Billboard Rawkins, who wears his bigotry as if it were a badge of honor. Complications arise when Rawkins, believing there is gold in Rainbow Valley, attempts to seize the land from the people who live there and makes some racial slurs while doing so. Sharon furiously wishes he'd turn black himself&mdash;and, because she is in close proximity to the magical pot of gold, which is capable of granting three wishes, Rawkins does exactly that. Sharon is accused of witchcraft and sentenced to be burned at the stake unless she can make him white again. To save his daughter, Finian tries to find the pot of gold, unaware Susan has discovered it and hidden it under a bridge. Rawkins eventually meets Og, who quickly realizes what caused the Senator's change in race. Seeing that the change of skin color did nothing to alter his hateful racism, Og casts a spell to make Rawkins more open-minded. Sharon and Woody gather in the barn to be married, but the Sheriff, his deputies and the local District Attorney barricade the doors and promise to burn the building down if Rawkins isn't white by sunrise. Og meets with Susan on the bridge under which the gold is hidden and, after passionately kissing her, wishes she could talk. When she begins to speak, Og realizes they're standing above the gold. For a brief moment he considers using the final wish to retain his leprechaun status and return to the fairy world. Instead he decides he would rather remain human with Susan and wishes for Rawkins to be white once more. Thanks to the now-empty crock helping to put out an accidental fire that was about to consume the barn, Howard's mentholated tobacco experiments become successful, ensuring financial success for all the poor people of Rainbow Valley, both white and black. Sharon and Woody are wed, and bid a fond farewell to Finian, who leaves Rainbow Valley in search of his own rainbow."] ['Sherman McCoy  is a Wall Street investor who makes millions while enjoying the good life and the sexual favors of Maria Ruskin , a Southern belle gold digger. Sherman and Maria are driving back to Maria\'s apartment from JFK airport when they take a wrong turn on the expressway and the two find themselves in the "war-zone" of the South Bronx. When they are approached by two black youths, Maria guns the engine, running over one of the teenagers and putting him in a coma. The two drive away and decide not to report the accident to the police. Meanwhile, indigent alcoholic journalist Peter Fallow , anxious for a story to make good with his editor, comes upon the hit-and-run case as a rallying point for the black community calling upon Jewish district attorney Abe Weiss , who is the Bronx District Attorney seeking re-election. According to Judge Leonard White , almost all of DA Weiss\' prosecutions end up with black and Puerto Rican defendants going to prison and Weiss is seeking a white defendant for purposes of convincing the minority-majority community that he is worth re-electing. Weiss recognizes the press coverage inherent in prosecuting the callow Sherman, who has been discovered as the hit-and-run driver, in order to cultivate the image as an avenger for the minorities and be propelled to the mayorship of New York City. As Sherman is brought to his knees, the New York community fragments into different factions who use the case to suit their own cynical purposes. Finally, Sherman is left without any allies to support him except for the sympathetic Judge Leonard White and the remorseful Fallow. Fallow gains a tremendous advantage and insight into the case when he is dating a woman who is the sub-letting landlady of Maria\'s apartment, and knows of secret recordings of conversations in the apartment made by the authorities to prove that the woman is not in fact living in the rent-controlled apartment herself. She discovers information about the McCoy case, which she gives to Fallow, who in turn covertly supplies it to Sherman McCoy\'s defense lawyer. Sherman gets his hands on a tape and plays the recording in court, where it reveals Maria directly contradicting the evidence she has just given, showing she has been perjuring herself and causing her to faint. Sherman plays the tape in a tape recorder inside his briefcase connected to a small loudspeaker that he holds on the desk. When the judge orders that he approach the bench with this evidence, he asserts that the tape is all his , resulting in his acquittal. The people in the court go into an uproar, to which Judge White launches into a tirade that they have no right to act self-righteous and smarmy, or that they are above Sherman, considering Reverend Bacon ([[John Hancock  claims to help disadvantaged New Yorkers but actually engages in race baiting, or that the District Attorney Weiss pushed this case not in the interest of justice but in the interest of appealing to minority voters to further his political career by appealing to their desire to "get even". The film ends as it begins, where there is a large audience applauding Peter Fallow\'s premiere of his book. Fallow says that Sherman McCoy has moved away from New York City to an unknown destination, presumably to live in obscurity. Cristofer\'s original script ended cynically with the supposed victim of the hit-and-run walking out of the hospital, suggesting that the whole scenario was concocted. That ending did not test well with audiences and was dropped. The Fallow character, who was English in the book but American in the film, narrates in voice-over.'] [' Jeff Gerber  lives in an average suburban neighborhood with his seemingly liberal housewife Althea , who tolerates her husband\'s character flaws out of love, and two children, Burton  and Janice . Every morning when Jeff wakes up, he spends some time under a tanning machine, bats around a boxing ball, drinks a health drink, and races the bus to work on foot. Jeff presents himself as happy-go-lucky and quite a joker, but others tend to see him as obnoxious and boorish. Althea, who watches the race riots every night on TV with great interest, chastises Jeff for not having sympathy for the problems of black Americans. One morning, Jeff wakes up to find that his pigment has changed. He tries to fall back asleep, thinking that it is a dream, but to no avail. He tries taking a shower to wash the "black" off him, but finds it doesn\'t work, when Althea walks into the bathroom, and screams. He explains to her that the "Negro in the bathroom" is him. At first, Jeff believes this to be the result of spending too much time under the tanning machine. He spends almost the entire day at home, afraid to go out of the house, only going out once to venture into the "colored part of town" in order to find a pharmacy to buy "the stuff they use in order to make themselves look white." His attempts to change his skin color fail. The next day, he is persuaded to get up and go to work. Things start out well at first, until Jeff is accused of "stealing something" while trying to eat at a restaurant for whites only. The policeman assumes that, since he is a black man, he must have stolen something. During his lunch break, he makes an appointment with his doctor who cannot explain Jeff\'s "condition" either. After several calls, the doctor suggests that Jeff might be more comfortable with a black doctor. Returning home, he finds Althea afraid to answer the phone. He doesn\'t understand why until he receives a call from a man telling him to "move out, nigger." At work the next day, a secretary  makes several advances toward him, finding him more attractive as a black man. Jeff\'s boss suggests that they could drum up extra business with a "Negro" salesman. At home one evening, he finds the people who had made the threatening phone calls, who offer him $50,000 for his home. Jeff manages to raise the price to $100,000. Althea sends the children to a relative and later leaves her husband. Finally accepting the fact that he is black, Jeff quits his regular job, buys an apartment building, and starts his own insurance company. The final scene shows him practicing martial arts with black menial workers, apparently having become one of the militants he used to put down.'] ['After a failed marriage proposal to his girlfriend Robin Harris , Steven M. Kovacs  moves into his own apartment after they agree to spend some time apart. Enthusiastic cable guy Ernie "Chip" Douglas , a man with a lisp, installs his cable. Taking advice from his friend Rick , Steven bribes Chip to give him free movie channels, to which Chip agrees. Before he leaves, Chip gets Steven to hang out with him the next day and makes him one of his "preferred customers". As promised, Chip arrives the next day, where he takes Steven to the satellite dish responsible for sending out television. Steven tells his problems with Robin to Chip, who tells him to admit his faults to Robin and invite her over to watch Sleepless in Seattle, which is running on HBO the next night. Steven takes Chip\'s advice, and Robin agrees to watch the movie with him. The next day, Chip begins acting more suspicious, "running into" Steven and his friends at the gym and leaving 10 messages on Steven\'s answering machine. When Robin arrives to watch the movie, the cable is out, thanks to Chip, who intentionally sabotaged Steven\'s cable when he didn\'t call Chip back. Chip fixes the cable under the condition that they hang out again. Steven agrees. The next evening, Chip takes Steven to Medieval Times, where Chip arranges for them to battle in the arena, where Chip references the Star Trek episode "Amok Time". When they arrive at Steven\'s home, Chip reveals that he\'s installed an expensive home theater system in his living room. Chip and Steven later host a party, complete with a karaoke sing-off. With Chip\'s help, Steven sleeps with a woman named Heather, while Chip serenades the party by singing Jefferson Airplane\'s "Somebody to Love". The next morning, however, Chip reveals that Heather and several other women at the party were prostitutes. Furious, Steven throws Chip out. Chip tells Steven he will make things better. Chip tracks down Robin, who is on a date with another man . When the man goes to the bathroom, Chip beats him up and tells him to stay away from Robin. He later upgrades Robin\'s cable, saying that it\'s on Steven. Robin decides to get back together with Steven as a result. However, Steven tells Chip that they cannot be friends, which hurts Chip. Chip then begins a series of vengeful acts. He gets Steven arrested for possession of stolen property , although Steven is released on bail. Steven is later fired from his job when Chip sends out a video of Steven insulting his boss to the entire office that was recorded by hidden cameras in his apartment. During a dinner with his family and Robin, Steven is horrified to see Chip is in attendance as well. Steven tells him to leave, but Chip tells him to play along or he will show everyone the picture of him with the prostitute. The evening goes from bad to worse as Chip gets on well with Steven\'s family and leads everyone in a game of "porno password". Steven finally punches Chip when he implies he slept with Robin. Rick later tells Steven that Chip has been fired from the cable company for stalking customers, and uses the names of television characters as aliases. Chip calls Steven that night, telling him he\'s paying Robin a visit. Steven tracks them down to the satellite dish, where Chip holds Robin hostage. After a physical altercation and a chase, Steven gets the upper hand and is able to save Robin. As the police arrive, Chip goes into a long speech on how he was raised by television ("I learned the facts of life by watching [[The Facts of Life  and apologizes to Steven for being a bad friend. He then dives into the satellite dish, which knocks out the cable across the entire town, just as the verdict in a highly publicized case involving a famous child star is about to be revealed. The following scene shows a man turning off his television and picking up a book, noticeably intrigued. Chip survives the fall, but injures his back. As Steven and Robin reunite, Steven forgives Chip and asks for his real name. Chip jokingly replies "Ricky Ricardo". Chip is later taken to the hospital in a helicopter. When one of the paramedics addresses him as "buddy", Chip asks the paramedic if he is truly his buddy, to which the paramedic replies, "Sure", causing Chip to smile deviously just before the credits roll.'] ['The film is set in a British independent school for boys in the late 1960s . Mick Travis  is one of three non-conformist boys among the returning class. They are watched and persecuted by the "Whips", senior boys given authority as prefects over juniors. The prefects are entitled to the services of "Scum", who are first-year boys assigned to run errands, make tea and generally act as unpaid servants. This refers to the old tradition of "fagging" which still persisted in many British independent boys\' schools. The early part of the film shows scenes in the school as the pupils return at the start of a new term. Mick Travis, the protagonist, arrives with a suitcase on his shoulder, wearing a black hat, with a black scarf across his face to hide his moustache. Stephans comments, "God, it\'s Guy Fawkes back again", hinting at the conclusion of the film. Rowntree  is the Head Whip, and he revels in his power, ordering the junior boys to "Run! Run in the corridor!" After the first evening meal, the Whips conduct some of the more mundane business of the school, signing up boys for "Confirmation class" and "VD clinic". Each boy has to lower his pants so the school nurse can inspect his genitals. These early scenes show the school\'s customs and traditions. The Headmaster  is somewhat remote from the boys and the House Masters. Arthur Lowe, as Mick\'s House Master Mr. Kemp, is told "I\'ll have to get back to you on that" when he brings things to the Headmaster\'s attention. Kemp himself is easily manipulated by the Whips into giving them a free hand in enforcing discipline. Some of the staff are shown as suffering from various perversions. For example, the chaplain , who is also the geometry master, enjoys grasping the boys\' and hurting them during class. At bedtime, Mr. Kemp sings a hymn as his wife  accompanies him on the recorder; the matron , overhearing, is driven to near orgasm. Mrs. Kemp herself enjoys walking naked through the boys\' dormitory and washroom while fondling soap, towels and other objects the boys have carelessly strewn about. One day, having sneaked off campus and into town , Mick steals a motorbike from a showroom and has an affair with a local waitress. Meanwhile, Wallace finds adolescent romance with Bobby Philips, a junior boy, whom he takes to bed. They indulge in self-inflicted ordeals, such as seeing how long they can hold a plastic bag over their faces. As the film progresses it concentrates on Mick\'s group and their clashes with the school authorities. Mick and his friends are subject to punishments, and eventually they are sentenced to corporal punishment in the form of a severe "beating"  by the Whips. The caning is administered by Rowntree in the gym with a long run-up . The three boys are left with bleeding buttocks. Mick\'s punishment is especially brutal , yet tradition demands that he shake hands when it is over and say, "Thank you". Scenes are shot through with surreal elements, such as some scenes being shot in black and white. This was not for dramatic emphasis, as people presumed, but simply because the huge windows at the college gave off obstructing light that affected the camera lenses. Another explanation given later by Lindsay Anderson is simply that the production was running out of money. At the end, in a surreal sequence, they discover a cache of automatic weapons, and revolt against the establishment. On Founders\' Day, when parents are visiting the school, they start a fire under the hall, smoke out the parents, staff and boys, and open fire on them from a rooftop. Led by the visiting General who was giving the speech, the staff and boys break open the Combined Cadet Force armoury and fire back. The Headmaster tries to stop the firefight and calls for peace. Mick\'s girl, who is on the roof with them, produces a Webley Revolver from her belt and shoots the Headmaster through the forehead. The battle continues, and the camera closes in on Mick\'s face as he keeps firing, ending the film with a blackout and an echo of gunfire with the film\'s title "if...." emblazoned in red on the screen.'] ['The movie is a farce about a mentally unstable advertising executive, Denis Dimbleby Bagley , who suffers a nervous breakdown while making an advert for pimple cream. Ward plays his long-suffering but sympathetic wife. Richard Wilson plays John Bristol, Bagley\'s boss. Bagley has a crisis of conscience about the ethics of advertising, which leads to mania. He then develops a boil on his right shoulder that comes to life with a face and voice. The voice of the boil, although uncredited, is that of Bruce Robinson. The boil takes a cynical and unscrupulous view of the advertising profession in contrast to Bagley\'s new-found ethical concerns. Eventually, Bagley decides to have the boil removed in hospital but moments before he is taken into the operating room, the boil quickly grows into a replica of Bagley\'s head  and covers Bagley\'s original head, asking doctors to lance it, which is done since nobody has noticed the switch from left to right nor the new moustache. Bagley, now with the boil head, moustache, and personality  returns home to celebrate his wedding anniversary, with the original head merely resembling a boil on his left shoulder. The "boil" eventually withers but doesn\'t die, yet Bagley resumes his advertising career rejuvenated and ruthless, although without his wife, who decides to leave his new cruel persona.'] ['After being initially hailed as heroes for saving New York City from Gozer five years earlier, the Ghostbusters were sued by numerous city and state agencies for the property damage at 55 Central Park West. A judge issued a restraining order barring them from investigating the supernatural, forcing them out of business. Ray Stantz owns an occult bookstore and co-operates with Winston Zeddemore as unpopular children\'s entertainers, wearing their old Ghostbuster uniforms; Egon Spengler works in a laboratory at Columbia University conducting experiments into human emotion; Peter Venkman hosts a little-watched pseudo-psychic television show named "World of the Psychic"; and Dana Barrett, having broken up with Peter years earlier, and now divorced from a subsequent marriage, works at the Manhattan Museum of Art restoring paintings and raising her infant son Oscar at a new apartment. After an incident in which Oscar\'s baby carriage is controlled by an unseen supernatural force and drawn to a busy junction on First Avenue, Dana turns to the Ghostbusters for help, prompting an awkward reunion of herself and Peter. Meanwhile, Dr. Janosz Poha &mdash; Dana\'s colleague at the art gallery &mdash; is brainwashed by the spirit of Vigo the Carpathian, a seventeenth-century tyrant trapped in a painting in the gallery. Vigo orders Janosz to locate a child that Vigo can possess, thus gaining physical form upon the approaching New Year. The Ghostbusters\' investigation leads them to conclude that the supernatural presence originates from under the city streets, prompting them to illegally excavate First Avenue at the point where the baby carriage stopped. Lowered underneath, Ray discovers a river of pink slime filling an abandoned subway line. Attacked by the slime after obtaining a sample, Ray accidentally causes a blackout, and the Ghostbusters are arrested. At their trial they are defended poorly by Louis Tully  and found guilty. However, the judge\'s angry outburst at sentencing prompts the slime sample presented as evidence to release the ghosts of two murdering brothers whom the judge had previously sentenced to death by electric chair. Thereafter the Ghostbusters imprison the ghosts in exchange for the dismissal of all charges and the rescinding of the restraining order; having done so, they recommence their Ghostbusting business, busier than ever. After the slime invades Dana\'s apartment, seemingly to abduct Oscar, she seeks refuge with Peter, and the two begin to renew their relationship. Investigating the slime and the history of the painting of Vigo, the Ghostbusters discover that the slime reacts both to positive and negative emotions and even "dances" to music, but suspect that it has been generated by the bad attitudes of New Yorkers. While Peter and Dana have dinner together and Louis and Janine attend to Oscar , Egon, Ray, and Winston explore the underground river of slime. While measuring the depth, Winston gets pulled into the flowing river, giving Ray and Egon no choice but to jump in after him. When they escape back to the surface  Ray and Winston begin arguing, but Egon realizes it is because they are drenched in negatively-charged slime. In only their long undergarments and dripping in slime Egon, Ray, and Winston go to the restaurant where Peter and Dana are eating, talking loudly and causing a major disturbance. Egon, Ray, and Winston are carried out of the restaurant by police. The Ghostbusters go to the mayor with their suspicions, but are dismissed; whereupon his scheming assistant Jack attempts to have them committed to a psychiatric hospital to protect the mayor\'s interests. As they are committed, a spirit resembling a Mary Poppins-like version of Janosz kidnaps Oscar from Peter\'s apartment, prompting Dana to break into the museum by herself; whereupon the museum is covered by impenetrable slime. New Year\'s Eve sees a sudden increase of supernatural activity as the slime, rapidly increasing in volume in the subway line, rises through the ground and onto the surface of the city, causing a demon to invade Washington Square Park; a fur coat returning to life to attack its owner; a film monster bursting out of a movie screen at a cinema; and the arrival of the Titanic and its long-deceased passengers and crew in the harbor. Realizing the truth of the situation after having spent the night talking to the ghost of former mayor Fiorello La Guardia, the present mayor fires Jack and has the Ghostbusters released, whereupon they approach the museum. Their initial attempts to enter are unsuccessful, the wave of negativity that has generated it proving too powerful to penetrate it with their proton packs. Determining that they need a symbol of equally-powerful positivity to break through the slime, the Ghostbusters use positively-charged mood slime from their slime blowers, an adapted NES Advantage Controller, and a remix of "Higher and Higher" to animate the Statue of Liberty and pilot it through the streets of New York, using its torch to break through the museum\'s ceiling to attack Vigo and Janosz. Janosz is easily defeated by being sprayed with positively-charged slime; but Vigo immobilizes the Ghostbusters and attempts a transfer into Oscar\'s body, whereupon a chorus of "Auld Lang Syne" from outside the building weakens him sufficiently to free the Ghostbusters and return him to the painting. Vigo momentarily possesses Ray; whereupon the other Ghostbusters attack him with a combination of proton streams and positively-charged mood slime. Dressed in full Ghostbusters attire, Louis  attacks the weakened slime barrier around the building with a proton stream of his own. This combination destroys Vigo and changes the painting to a likeness of the four Ghostbusters surrounding baby Oscar. The movie ends with the Ghostbusters receiving a standing ovation from the crowd and, at a later ceremony to restore the Statue, the Key to the City from the mayor.'] ["Laurent  and Loli  are a thirty-ish married couple living in southern France with their young children. He is an estate agent; she is a housewife. Laurent has extramarital affairs. Loli is unaware that her husband is unfaithful. Then one day, a campervan breaks down in front of their house. The driver is Marijo , a 40s-ish butch lesbian who works as a DJ. She asks to use their phone. Loli has a blocked sink, so in exchange for using the phone, Marijo gets Loli's drain back in working order. Loli and Marijo begin an affair. Laurent is upset, but then his friend Antoine  accidentally reveals Laurent's philandering to Loli. This seems to justify her romance. Marijo moves into the house. Antoine then suggests that Laurent let Loli have her way, cease all hostility, and wait for the affair to burn out. Laurent agrees, and the household becomes a seemingly idyllic ménage à trois. But his strategy has its effect, especially after another lesbian couple, old friends of Marijo, happen by. Laurent welcomes them, but Loli becomes annoyed and jealous. Marijo decides that the situation is not really going to work. She knows that Laurent wants her to leave. While Loli is away on a trip, Marijo makes a deal with Laurent. She will break up with Loli and leave immediately, if Laurent will give her something she has wanted for years: a baby. Laurent has sex with Marijo to get her pregnant, and Marijo departs before Loli returns. Laurent tells Loli nothing, as agreed with Marijo. Laurent and Loli settle back down to their old life, but their relationship has been deeply affected. Then Loli hears from a mutual acquaintance that Marijo is living in Paris and is several months pregnant. Loli is astonished and shocked. She insists that she and Laurent go to Paris and contact Marijo. They find her working as a DJ in a lesbian dance club. Their intrusion provokes a quarrel with the club owner, who fires Marijo. Loli and Laurent take her back to their home, where she has her baby. The ménage à trois is re-established, with the two mothers caring for their children. As a final twist, a handsome man  moves into the neighbourhood and he and Laurent gaze into each other's eyes..."] ['Turmoil grips Shanghai in the 1930s. Various gangs vie for power, the most feared of which is the Axe Gang, led by the infamous Brother Sum and aptly named after its weapon of choice. In the absence of law enforcement, people can live peacefully only in poor areas which do not appeal to gangs. An example is Pig Sty Alley, a tenement home to people of various trades, run by a lecherous landlord and his domineering wife. One day, two troublemakers, Sing and Bone, come to the alley impersonating members of the Axe Gang to gain respect. Their plan fails and Sing\'s antics attract the real gang to the scene. In the massive brawl that ensues, more than fifty gangsters are defeated by three tenants who are actually powerful martial arts masters: Coolie, Master of the Twelve Kicks; Tailor, master of the Iron Fist; and Donut, master of the Hexagon Staff. After the fight, Sing and Bone are apprehended by Brother Sum for publicly humiliating the Axe Gang. The two narrowly escape death when Sing quickly picks the locks on the chains with which they are bound and requests Sum to let him and Bone join the gang. Impressed with his skill at lock-picking, Sum tells them that if they kill just one person, he will allow them to join the gang. The next day, the duo return to Pig Sty attempting to murder the Landlady, but their efforts fail comically and they narrowly escape the furious Landlady. Sing is badly injured and hides in a traffic control pulpit, where his multiple injuries spontaneously heal. During this convalescence he unconsciously strikes the steel sides of the pulpit, leaving deep impressions of his hands. After he has fully recovered, he rejoins Bone, but is unable to explain his fast and mysterious healing. Sing and Bone lament their failure on the streets as the former describes his childhood: Sing spent his meager life savings to buy a Buddhist Palm manual from a beggar with the intention of "preserving world peace" and trained himself to be a martial artist. But when he tried to defend a mute girl from bullies trying to steal her lollipop, he was beaten up, humiliated and came to the conclusion that being a villain is better than being a hero. After telling his story, Sing then steals ice cream from a street vendor. Meanwhile, Sum hires the Harpists, a pair of skilled assassins who play a guzheng and materialize the sound waves using their Qi to create offensive and defensive objects, to assassinate the three martial artists at Pig Sty. They succeed, but are defeated by the Landlady and Landlord, who are actually powerful martial artists living in self-enforced retirement. They evacuate Pig Sty afterward and vow to deal with the Axe Gang. The following day, frustrated with lack of any progress, Sing mugs the female ice cream vendor from earlier, only to realize she is the mute girl from his childhood whom he had vainly tried to defend; she offers him the old lollipop that she tried to give him as a token of her gratitude in their childhood. Sing rebuffs her and knocks the lollipop away, shattering it against the wall and running off. After he and Bone separate, Sing is picked up by the Axe Gang. Sum orders him to break into a mental asylum to free the Beast, widely rumored to be the world\'s top killer. Sing frees the Beast and brings him to Sum\'s office. The "world\'s top killer" puzzles everyone there with his flippant attitude and sloppy appearance - but after stopping a bullet that he deliberately fired at himself in order to prove his skill, the gangsters bow in respect. The Beast leaves and confronts the Landlady and Landlord at the casino, who are waiting to kill Sum and his men. The two battle the Beast, destroying the casino in the process, until all three are stuck in a joint-lock. A reformed Sing rushes in and, ignoring Sum\'s orders to kill the Landlady and Landlord, hits the Beast\'s head with a table leg. Enraged, the Beast frees himself from the lock and pummels Sing. Before he can deliver a fatal blow, the Landlady and Landlord snatch the unconscious Sing and run off. Sum angrily blames The Beast for letting them escape and The Beast casually kills Sum in response. At Pig Sty Alley, Sing, while wrapped head-to-toe in bandages and treated with Chinese medicine, undergoes a metamorphosis. As he is severely beaten up by the Beast, his chi-energy activates more and flow through his body. He quickly recovers from his wounds because of chi flow, and his latent potential as a "natural-born martial arts genius" is realized due to the beating the Beast gave him. He easily defeats the Axe Gang before battling the Beast. The Beast uses his Toad Technique to send Sing rocketing into the sky. Again due to a heavy smash from the Beast, Sing\'s chi energy increases on sky and becomes incredibly powerful. As he falls back to earth, Sing recalls the Buddhist Palm, and delivers a blow that knocks the Beast flat and leaves a huge, hand-shaped crater in the ground. After another futile attempt to defeat Sing, the Beast bows, acknowledging Sing as the better fighter. Some time later, Sing and Bone open a candy store. When the mute ice cream vendor walks by, Sing goes out to meet her. A young boy walking outside after buying candy bumps into the beggar who gave Sing the Buddhist Palm book and tries to sell him one. The boy at first starts to walk away, but the beggar offers him something else, showing him several different pamphlets for martial arts. The child stares, intrigued.'] ['Experiment is set in a town, where the citizens were forced walk everywhere by foot because of constant traffic jams. To solve this situation, city officials decided to conduct an experiment: people were allowed to fly. Most citizens immediately grew wings and quickly moved to a new lifestyle, however, for some reason wings did not grow on few others. To find such wingless people a place for life, they decided to appoint flight supervisors and invented strict rules and regulations for the flights.'] ['Betty runs for the office of President against Mr. Nobody. Both candidates state their platform through song and dance. In answer to various problems and political issues, Mr Nobody consistently promises that "Nobody" will solve the problem:  Who will make your taxes light?... Mr. Nobody! Who\'ll protect the voters\' right?... Mr. Nobody! Should you come home some early dawn, See a new milkman is on: Who cares if your wife is gone?... Mr. Nobody  Betty&#39;s promises for improvements are shown, including door to door trolley stops, improved conditions for keeping the streets clean, and even a giant umbrella to protect the whole city from rain. Betty also promises to tame a split and incorrigible Congress made up of donkey Democrats and elephant Republicans, and offers a simple solution for prison reform: she will transform each hardened criminal into a limp-wristed sissy. Betty&#39;s campaign promises win the crowd over, and she is voted into the White House by a landslide. A large parade is held in the new President&#39;s honor, as she thanks one and all.'] ["Set in Casablanca shortly after World War II, escaped Nazi war criminal Heinrich Stubel  has steadily murdered three different managers of the Hotel Casablanca. Disguised as a Count Pfferman, Stubel's goal is to reclaim the stolen art treasures that he has hidden in the hotel. However, the only way he can do this undetected is by murdering the hotel's managers and running the hotel himself. The newest manager of Hotel Casablanca is former motel proprietor Ronald Kornblow , who is very much unaware that he has been hired because no one else will dare take the position. Inept Kornblow takes charge of the hotel, and eventually crosses paths with Corbaccio , owner of the Yellow Camel company, who appoints himself as Kornblow's bodyguard, aided and abetted by Stubel's valet Rusty . In his many efforts to murder Kornblow, Stubel sends beautiful Beatrice Reiner  to romance the clueless manager. Before Stubel can make his escape to the airfield with the loot, Kornblow, his friends, and Miss Reiner invade his hotel room and sneak from suitcase to closet and back again to unpack his bags, which serves to drive him thoroughly mad. Arrested on false charges, Kornblow, Corbaccio and Rusty eventually crash Stubel's plane into a police station where the brothers expose Stubel as an escaped Nazi."] ['In the woods outside the small affluent town of Cherry Falls, Virginia, a teen-aged couple, Rod Harper  and Stacy Twelfmann  are getting romantic in a car when a black-haired female appears and murders them both. Meanwhile, in town, teenager Jody Marken  - the daughter of the local sheriff - is with her boyfriend, Kenny , who thinks it is time to go "all the way." Jody gently says no, then goes back home only to find her father, Brent , upset that she is out past her curfew. Brent and his deputies begin to investigate the murders the next day. They see that the killer carved the word "virgin" into both victims. At school, Brent sees English teacher Mr. Marliston , who urges him to divulge more details of the murder to students and the town so as to eliminate the possibility of secrets. Soon, the apparent black-haired female kills another teen - Annette Duwald, who is also a virgin. Concerned for the town\'s safety, Brent holds a meeting at the high school to tell parents the nature of the crimes.  The killer appears, kills Timmy, and strikes at Jody, but her father rescues her. Word gets out in Cherry Falls about how virgins are being targeted. The school\'s worst fears are confirmed when a large-scale orgy is planned outside of city limits. At the police station, Jody describes the killer to an officer, who draws a composite. Brent confides with an old friend, Tom Sisler,  that the suspect looks like "Lora Lee Sherman." The two are both visibly nervous, and Jody listens in on their conversation. Later at school, Jody and Kenny reconcile, and later Jody learns from her mother about the tale of Lora Lee. 25 years ago, Lora Lee was a high school loner. She claimed that four popular boys at school - including Brent, and the high school principal - raped her one night. Her cries fell on deaf ears and she left the city for the rural outskirts, where she was rarely seen or heard from again. After Jody discovers the truth, disappointed with the hypocrisy of her parents, she visits Kenny at his house. They talk, and Jody being upset with her parents, tries to pressure sex on Kenny. He refuses, pushing her away stating how he would rather have sex with her because she wants to. She leaves and they end things between them. The night the student orgy begins, Brent goes to the school for a meeting with Sisler but he finds him dead in his office with the words "virgin not" carved into his forehead before Brent is knocked out and abducted by the killer and dragged away. Jody is riding her bike that night, as she has refused to have sex with Kenny at the party. She bikes by Marliston\'s house as he is dragging a heavy trunk inside. When Jody opens the trunk and sees her bloody father inside, she is knocked unconscious. At the orgy, Kenny is there with a girl who he plans to have sex with, but after thinking, changes his mind and goes to find Jody. He drives to find her but strangely sees her bicycle outside of a house. Downstairs in that house, Marliston puts on a wig and makeup to "become" Lora Lee Sherman. Marliston reveals that he is Lora Lee Sherman\'s illegitimate son, then asks Brent to retell the story of what happened that night 25 years ago. Brent reveals that the four boys - including himself when he was very intoxicated - did indeed rape Lora Lee. Marliston says his mother became an abusive "psycho" after the rape and gave birth to a son  fathered by one of the rapists. With a close-up of both Brent and Marliston\'s  eyes, it is strongly implied that Brent is in fact Marliston\'s biological father. By frightening virgins, Marliston anticipated a large high school orgy , which would thereby rob all the wealthy parents of their precious children\'s virginity . Kenny enters the house and frees Jody. Brent battles with Marliston, losing his life in the battle. Jody and Kenny flee to the orgy. Marliston follows and kills a deputy. He heads inside with an axe and mass panic erupts. After stabbing panicking students and then trying to escape, Marliston battles Jody and Kenny and he succeeds in severely wounding Kenny. Eventually, Marliston is pushed off a balcony by Jody and impaled on fence posts. At first, he seems dead but then he awakens briefly and is promptly killed by Deputy Mina who unloads two pistols into him. The next day, Jody and her mother head away from the police station after submitting a distorted version of the truth but not before Jody sees a vision of someone resembling Lora Lee Sherman.Top Ten High School Horror Movies'] ['Bruno Stroszek  is a Berlin street performer. Released from prison and warned to stop drinking, he immediately goes to a familiar bar where he comforts Eva , a prostitute down on her luck, and lets her stay with him at the apartment his landlord kept for him. They are then harried and beaten by Eva\'s former pimps, who insult Bruno, pull his accordion apart and humiliate him by making him kneel on his grand piano with bells balanced on his back. Faced with the prospect of further harassment, Bruno and Eva decide to leave Germany and accompany Bruno\'s eccentric elderly neighbour Scheitz , who was planning to move to Wisconsin to live with his American nephew Clayton. After sightseeing in New York City they buy a used car and arrive in a winter-bound, barren prairie near the fictional town of \'Railroad Flats\'. There Bruno works as a mechanic with Clayton and his Native American helper, Eva as a waitress at a truck stop and Scheitz pursues his interest in animal magnetism. The pair buy a trailer which is sited on Clayton\'s land, but as bills mount, the bank threatens to repossess it. Eva falls back into prostitution to supplement her wages, but it is not enough to meet the payments. She tires of Bruno\'s drunken ramblings and deserts him by leaving with a couple of truck drivers bound for Vancouver. A man from the bank visits Bruno, who is now drinking steadily, and has him sign off on the repossession. The home is auctioned, and he and Scheitz, who is convinced that the world is conspiring against him, set off to confront the "conspiracy." Finding the bank closed, they hold up a barber shop beneath it, make off with 32 dollars and then go shopping in a small store across the street. The police arrive and arrest Scheitz for armed robbery without noticing Bruno. Holding a large frozen turkey from the store and the shotgun, Bruno returns to the garage where he works, loads the tow truck with beer, and drives along a highway into the mountains. Upon entering a small town, the truck breaking down, Bruno pulls over to a restaurant, where he tells his story to a German-speaking businessman. He then starts the truck, leaves it circling in the parking lot with a fire taking hold in the engine compartment and goes into a tourist trap across the street, where he starts a ski-lift and rides it with his frozen turkey. After Bruno disappears from view a single shot rings out. The police arrive at the scene to find the truck is now fully ablaze. The film ends with a sequence showing a chicken dancing, a chicken playing a piano and a rabbit riding a toy fire truck, in coin operated attractions that Bruno activated on his way to the ski-lift.'] ['Carl , Ed , Frank , Carl , and Patti McTeague  are the greedy relatives of a wealthy, wheelchair-bound scrap-metal tycoon Uncle Joe McTeague . They continually suck up to him and try to outdo each other in order to inherit his millions for when he passes away. With their attempts constantly failing and irritable Uncle Joe showing a decided interest in his new sexy "nurse" Molly , Frank decides to hire a private detective named Laura  to bring in his brother Daniel  believing if they can make up, Uncle Joe will thaw towards them. Instead of finding Daniel, Laura finds his son Danny  of whom Uncle Joe had always been especially fond when he was a little kid. Professional bowler Danny left the family with his father, but he accepts the cousins\' invitation to return — after rolling a gutter ball in a big tournament and finding out that he has a pre-arthritic condition developing in his wrist. Danny\'s television sports producer girlfriend Robin  encourages him to ask Uncle Joe for a loan to invest in a bowling alley. A typically rude and crude Joe says he will lend the money only if Danny sides with him against his own father. Danny is offended and leaves with his girlfriend, much to the annoyance of the other relatives. They confront Molly later on and she realizes just how conniving and desperate they are for Uncle Joe\'s money. Uncle Joe asks Danny to visit him at his scrapyard, to apologize for trying to bribe him with money, but the old man soon receives a phone call telling him that he\'s going out of business. Realizing that his relatives could declare him incompetent and throw him in a retirement home, he tells Danny that he plans to hand his fortune over to Molly. But Danny realizes how much he\'d like to inherit his fortune and tells him not to rush into anything. Danny moves in with Uncle Joe and starts competing for his money, even so far as to sing a Jimmy Durante song with him that Joe loved him to perform as a little kid. But Molly has other ideas and decides to use her "assets" to outdo Danny and have sex with the old man, if only to keep the relatives from getting his money. But after her successful attempt to get Joe in the bedroom, they are interrupted by Danny\'s father Daniel and he and Danny engage in an heated argument, in which Danny chooses Uncle Joe over him. Molly feels disgusted with herself for almost having sex with Joe and tells Danny she has to leave, but not before Danny promises to look after Joe. However, Danny tells Robin that he\'d actually hired an actor  to play his "so-called" father, to win favor with his Uncle, and she feels he\'s become too greedy and leaves him. At Joe\'s attorney\'s office, Danny is ready to inherit Joe\'s fortune when his relatives arrive with his real father. Danny admits to him that he\'s become as bad as the rest of the family. But it soon becomes apparent that Uncle Joe is not only bankrupt, he is swimming in debt. After a big scene that involves Frank fighting Danny, the relatives leave and Joe tells Danny that he was simply "playing them" to find out who actually loved him. Danny tells him "nobody loves you." Danny leaves to make up with Robin where he has a message written out during a game saying "He was broke," but she makes him realize that he still cares about his uncle. When Danny asks Douglas where Uncle Joe is, Douglas states that he doesn\'t know. With ill health, no money and no place to stay, Danny and Robin decide to let Joe stay with them in their apartment. But Joe gives them another surprise, and reveals that he\'s not really broke and still has a fortune as he has them look outside to find Molly and Douglas outside. He offers the two of them to stay with him "Whatever I own, you own". The film ends with Uncle Joe calmly getting up out of his wheelchair and exiting their apartment whilst Danny and Robin watch in awe.'] ["Starting from childhood attempts at illustration, young Jerome  pursues his true obsession to art school. Jerome enrolls in Strathmore, an urban college. His roommates include aspiring film maker, Vince , and closeted-gay fashion major Matthew . Jerome looks for love amongst the coeds, but is turned off by them all, before falling in love with the art model, Audrey . In his art classes, he forms a friendship with perennial loser, Bardo , who guides him through the college scene and introduces him to a failed artist, Jimmy , a belligerent drunk. As Jerome learns how the art world really works, he finds that he must adapt his vision to the reality that confronts him. The community has been wracked by a serial killer, the Strathmore Strangler, who has confounded the police. As Jerome slowly loses his idealism at art school, he finds himself In competition with a strange newcomer, Jonah  , both for Audrey's affection and for artistic recognition. In a wild attempt to win a prestigious art competition, Jerome asks for, and gets, Jimmy's paintings, all of which are of the Strangler's victims. Jerome leaves a lit cigarette in Jimmy's apartment by accident, setting a fire and burning up the apartment and Jimmy. The police arrest Jerome as the Strangler ; Audrey realizes that her true love is Jerome and that she was stupid to be in love with Jonah ; and Jerome is sent to prison. Jerome's paintings, especially one of Audrey, become prized by collectors; Vince scores a huge hit with his documentary of the Strangler called My Roommate: The Murderer. In prison, Jerome continues to paint and sells his works at high prices, not caring that people think he is the killer, while all the while Audrey is still in love with him. At the end, Audrey and Jerome share a kiss through the protective glass."] ['John Henry "Jack" Armstrong  is a financially successful and upwardly mobile executive at a biotechnology firm who, following the suicide of a colleague, Dr. Herman Schiller, is falsely accused of securities fraud by his superior, Leland Powell . Armstrong\'s assets are frozen, and he finds himself unable to maintain his quality of life. In order to make ends meet, he becomes a sperm donor, initially by acquiescing to the desires of his former fiancée, Fatima Goodrich , who had come out as a lesbian, to have a child. Although there is still unresolved bitterness and tension between them over Armstrong and Goodrich\'s prior relationship, she and her girlfriend, Alex Guerrero , offer him a substantial sum of money to impregnate them both. This leads to Goodrich goading Armstrong into establishing a business in which groups of lesbians come over to his house and pay him $10,000 each to have sex with them in order to become pregnant. One of the women who Armstrong impregnates is the daughter of a mafia boss, Don Angelo Bonasera . Armstrong\'s employers learn of his impregnation business, and they use it in their campaign to sully his image in order to deflect attention from their own criminal business activities. Conflict is also depicted in the turbulent relationship between Armstrong\'s mother and his dependent diabetic father . At the film\'s climax, Armstrong\'s situation is portrayed as a cause célèbre, with protests being held in support of or against him, and the news media interviewing people on the street with respect to his sexual activities. Armstrong is called before a committee of the United States Senate investigating his alleged securities fraud, where both his services to lesbians and his relationship to the "Bonasera crime family" are raised. Armstrong\'s situation is compared, both by cutaway scenes and by direct reference in dialogue, to the plight of Frank Wills, the security guard who discovered the break-in that led to the Watergate scandal, which brought down President Nixon. He eventually wins the case and is seen with nineteen of the children he helped his lesbian acquaintances make at the end. By the end of the film, Armstrong and Goodrich have come to terms with their lingering feelings for one another, and with the mutual attraction they share for Guerrero. They then begin a three-way polyamorous relationship, and Armstrong apparently maintains a friendship with all of the eighteen women who became pregnant by him.'] ["At a shareholders meeting for International Projects, a billion dollar corporation, John T. Blessington ([[John Williams  announces that he is replacing Edward L. McKeever , the company's founder, president and chairman of the board, as McKeever is resigning to go work for the federal government in Washington DC. Laura Partridge , a minority stockholder with just ten shares of stock, drives its arrogant, self-serving executives to distraction with her incessant questioning during this and subsequent meetings. Blessington comes up with the idea of hiring the struggling actress as Director of Shareholder Relations to keep her occupied answering letters from small shareholders. He assigns her a secretary, Amelia Shotgraven , with secret instructions to obstruct her as much as possible. The conscientious Miss Partridge, discovering there is nothing for her to do, decides to write the stockholders herself. She gains Amelia's friendship and wholehearted assistance by helping her develop a romantic relationship with office manager Mark Jenkins . When the directors find out, they fire Amelia. However, Laura discovers that Blessington's thoroughly unqualified brother-in-law, Harry Harkness , has driven a competitor into bankruptcy, unaware that International Projects owns the unfortunate company. With that as leverage, she gets Amelia rehired. Still determined to neutralize Laura, the board decides to send her to Washington to persuade McKeever to give them some government contracts. She agrees to go, with the secret intention of trying to convince him to return and take back control from his crooked cronies. However, the company directors recall that he has divested himself of all his shares and is thus powerless, so they brush him off. McKeever takes them to court, arguing that Laura was an unlicensed, illegal lobbyist, but when she is forced to admit on the stand that she had another, romantic reason for seeing him, the case is dropped. However, Laura has forged a warm relationship with many of the smaller investors while working at the company; they responded and sent in their proxies, giving her the right to vote their shares. McKeever uses these votes to replace the entire board. He later marries Laura. In gratitude for rescuing the company, the shareholders make a gift of a solid gold Cadillac to the happy couple."] ['The film depicts carnivalesque atmosphere summed up by the cry "Ee ja nai ka"  in Japan in 1867 and 1868 in the days leading to the Meiji Restoration. It examines the effects of the political and social upheaval of the time, and culminates in a revelrous march on the Kokyo, which turns into a massacre. Characteristically, Imamura focuses not on the leaders of the country, but on characters in the lower classes and on the fringes of society.'] ['Lannie  has Annabel  taken into prison in order to generate publicity before the release of her new movie. However, when Annabel is released a month later, she finds that nobody has noticed, and she has Lannie fired. But when he pays a struggling actress to pretend to be his sick mother, Annabel has Lannie rehired, and he immediately begins plotting his next stunt. The head of Wonder Pictures informs Annabel that her film has been canceled, and that she is to star in a new film, The Maid and the Man. Lannie arranges to have her work as "Mary", a maid for the Fletchers, their teenage son Robert , and inventor "Major" . While Robert becomes infatuated with Annabel, she is expected to cook and clean for the family, so she calls on Lannie to help. Meanwhile, the investors interested in one of Major\'s inventions, a rubber ring placed around a plate so that it will bounce rather than break when dropped, appear in the morning newspaper as robbers. They are in fact waiting for their own publicity to die down so that they can make a getaway. Back at Wonder Pictures, The Maid and the Man has been scrapped, but when Lannie calls Annabel to tell her, she answers that she can\'t leave. Though first confused, he finds Annabel\'s police mug shot in the paper along with the robbers, and forms a plan to outfit fifty extras as policemen . As they march towards the house firing blanks, the robbers return fire with real bullets, and the extras scatter. Lannie sneaks into the house alone, but is captured. When the real policemen arrive, the robbers try to make a break for it, using Lannie and Allison as shields. Instead, Annabel uses her martial arts training to throw one of the robbers to the ground, while Lannie bites the other. Annabel returns to Wonder Pictures and is disappointed to find that The Maid and the Man has been replaced by The Diamond Smuggler, in which she is to play the lead. On her way out, Annabel picks up a gift which Lannie had arranged for her to receive, and is apprehended when the police open it to discover the precious jewels inside. Lannie watches on from the front of the new billboard for The Diamond Smuggler as Annabel is driven away screaming.'] ["It concerns the lives of a group of misfits trying to find a happier life against the norms of society. Sutherland plays an ex-con with a passion for demolition derbies. He has wrecked almost every possible car, but violates his parole when confronted by a 1950 Studebaker. This embarrasses his brother, a politically ambitious district attorney . Fonda plays a prostitute with an off-on relationship with Sutherland's character. The gang tries to get an old Consolidated PBY Catalina plane flying, and much humor ensues. The film is notable for reprising the Fonda-Sutherland pairing, featured initially in the 1971 film Klute."] ["Dr. Stewart McIver is now in charge of a psychiatric facility, one run for many years by medical director Dr. Douglas Devanal. McIver must address the needs of a number of disturbed patients, among them Steven Holte, a possibly suicidal artist, and the self-loathing Mr. Capp. All of his responsibilities keep McIver so busy that his wife, Karen, feels increasingly frustrated and ignored. When new drapes are needed for the clinic's library, the dour and penny-pinching Victoria Inch orders unattractive ones. Karen McIver takes it upon herself to buy a more expensive and colorful set instead, gaining the approval of chairman of the board Regina Mitchell-Smythe but without the knowledge of her husband. What should be an insignificant matter is complicated further by Dr. McIver giving the patients, principally Stevie, permission to design and create the new drapes themselves. Personalities clash. Dr. Devanal, who has a drinking problem, has been having an affair with his secretary Miss Cobb and makes a clumsy pass at McIver's wife as well. McIver begins to fall in love with Meg Rinehart, a member of his staff. Vicki Inch privately schemes to expose the unseemly behavior of Devanal at the next meeting of the board and issues a veiled threat to do so to McIver as well, while Devanal's wife mistakenly believes McIver to be behind the plot to discredit her husband. Having felt stable enough to go on a date with Sue Brett, another patient, Stevie Holt is very upset to discover that new drapes have been installed, not the ones his artwork was meant to inspire. He disappears, causing a search party to look for him and McIver to fear a suicide. In the end, Stevie reappears, the McIvers agree to work on their marriage and Miss Inch decides not to disclose everyone's actions. A grateful Dr. Devanal, his reputation intact, submits his resignation to the board."] ['Abraham Rodriguez, known as Popi to his sons Luis and Junior, supports them by working three jobs, leaving him little time to supervise them. He hopes to earn enough to marry his girlfriend Lupe and move the family into a better home in Brooklyn. Then reality crashes in as the boys see gangs do violence in the neighborhood and are even victimized when their clothes are stolen from them. Realizing his boys have a better chance of making good as political refugees than products of the ghetto in which he\'s raising them, he plots to set them adrift in a rowboat off the coast of Miami Beach in the hope they will be mistaken for escapees from Cuba and offered asylum. After teaching them how to row a boat in the lake in Central Park and how to handle a motorboat on the East River, they depart for Florida. Popi steals a boat and tells the boys to take it out until they run out of fuel, then remove the outboard motor and begin to row back to shore. When he is unable to alert the Coast Guard to their plight, he fears they are lost until he hears a report about the heroic rescue of two young "Cuban" boys. Luis and Junior, suffering from dehydration and severe sunburn, are hospitalized, and soon find themselves indundated with flowers and toys from thousands of well-wishers, many of whom offer to adopt them. Wearing a disguise, Popi sneaks into their hospital room and tries to convince them they are better off being raised by wealthy parents. The three begin to argue loudly, alerting the staff and prompting Popi to flee, followed by his sons. Much to the relief of the boys, their hoax is exposed, and they happily return to their impoverished life in the barrio with their loving father.'] ['The film begins with siblings Johnnie  and Barbara  visiting their mother\'s grave in a remote, rural cemetery. During their visit, Barbara is attacked by a zombie. Her brother comes to her defense, but is killed in the struggle. Barbara flees the cemetery and discovers what at first seems to be an abandoned farmhouse. She is joined there shortly after by Ben  and the two clear the house of zombies and begin the process of barricading the doors and windows. They discover that other survivors are already hiding in the cellar of the house: Harry Cooper , his wife Helen , their daughter Sarah who was bitten on the arm by a zombie and has fallen seriously ill; teenage redneck Tom Bitner ([[William Butler  and his girlfriend Judy Rose Larson . What follows are the attempts by the survivors to defend the house under siege from the undead. The group is left divided over what their next course of action should be. Harry believes everyone should retreat to the cellar and barricade the door to wait for the authorities. Ben thinks the cellar is a "death trap" and that they would be better served fortifying the house, which at least has alternate escape routes, and Barbara suggests that they should all leave the house on foot while they still can after she notices that the zombies are very slow and that they can just "walk right past them". An argument between Ben and Harry leaves the Coopers in the basement tending to their ailing daughter and the remaining members of the group upstairs to continue their work reinforcing the doors and windows; the loud sound of hammers hitting the nails into the wood attracts more zombies to the house. A plan is ultimately devised to escape using Ben\'s truck, which is out of fuel. There is a gas pump on the property but it is locked. A search of a corpse on the property produces a set of keys. Judy Rose, Tom, and Ben proceed up the hill toward the gas pump but their plan begins to unravel when Ben falls from the back of the truck and is left to defend himself against the undead. After discovering the key to the gas pump is not among the bunch they brought with them, Tom attempts to shoot the lock off. The falling gasoline is ignited, trailing after them in the truck. The resulting explosion kills both Tom and Judy. Ben returns to the house to find things beginning to dissolve into chaos. Harry has wrestled Barbara\'s gun away from her and is now armed. Unbeknownst to the survivors upstairs, the Coopers\' daughter Sarah has died from the bite on her arm and has become a zombie; she attacks and bites her distraught mother, who does not defend herself. When Sarah makes her way upstairs she triggers a shootout between her father, who is trying to protect her, and Ben and Barbara, who are trying to protect themselves. Both Ben and Harry are badly wounded. Harry retreats upstairs to the attic, while Ben makes his way to the cellar. Barbara leaves the house, now being overrun by the undead, to attempt to find help. Barbara eventually joins a posse of locals who are attempting to clear the area of the undead. She returns with them to the farmhouse the next day to find Ben has died of his wounds and reanimated. Harry emerges from the attic alive, Barbara kills him in a fit of rage and turns to leave the house, telling the vigilantes they have "another one for the fire."'] ['After battling his way through El Salvador, the Middle East and Nicaragua, Traxx decides to retire to a life of baking gourmet cookies. When he finds himself in need of money, Traxx decides to hire himself out as the "Town Tamer" and begins cleaning up Hadleyville, Texas of its lowlife street scum. However, things do not go as smoothly as he would have hoped. Crime boss Aldo Palucci brings in the dreaded Guzik brothers to get rid of Traxx in a showdown in the streets.'] ['Trudy Kockenlocker  is a small-town girl with a soft spot for soldiers. She wakes up one morning after a wild farewell party for a group of them to find that while drunk the night before, she married a soldier whose name she can\'t remember, except that "it had a z in it. Like Ratzkiwatzki [...] or was it Zitzkiwitzki?" She believes they both used fake names and she doesn\'t know how to get in touch with him or even what he looks like. The matter is complicated when she learns that she became pregnant that night as well. Norval Jones , a local 4-F boy who has been in love with Trudy for years, steps in to help out, but Trudy\'s over-protective father , a policeman, gets involved and complicates matters. Before long, Norval is arrested on 19 different charges, and then he finds himself on the run as an escaped prisoner. All seems lost until Trudy gives birth to sextuplets. At that point Governor McGinty  and The Boss  step in and provide a phone call which results in a happy ending for everyone.Meek, James Plot summary<ref nameavg&sql83564&category=Full%20Synopsis Full synopsis] When Norval discovers that Trudy has borne not just one son but six, he faints, and the movie ends with this epilogue on a title card:{{quotation}}'] ['{{Plot}} The film opens with Campbell being taken to an Israeli jail. Campbell is an American playwright who lived in pre-WWII Germany with his wife Helga. During the buildup to World War II, Campbell is approached by a man calling himself Frank Wirtanen who reveals himself to be a major working for the U.S. War Department. Wirtanen asks Campbell to work as a spy for the U.S. in the approaching war, though he promises no reward or recognition. Campbell immediately rejects the offer, but Wirtanen quickly adds that he wants Campbell to take some time to consider, telling him that Campbell\'s answer will come in the form of how he acts and what positions he assumes once the war begins. Once World War II begins, Campbell works his way up through Joseph Goebbels\' propaganda organization, eventually becoming the "voice" of English language anti-Semitic broadcasts aimed at United States citizens, in which he declares himself to be "The Last Free American". Unbeknownst to the Nazis, all of the idiosyncrasies of his speech  form a secret code that covertly transmits information to the Allied forces. About halfway through the war, his wife goes to the Eastern Front to entertain troops, and is reported killed when the camp is overrun. Just before the Soviet Army reaches Berlin, Campbell visits his in-laws one last time, where Helga\'s father, who had worked as Chief of Police in Berlin, coldly informs Campbell that he had never liked him, even going as far as to announce his suspicion that Campbell may have been a spy. He amends his statement to say that, even if Campbell had been a spy, his propaganda was so effective that he could never have served the Allies better than he had served the Nazis. Campbell goes on to meet Helga\'s younger sister, Resi, who confesses that she is in love with him. Eventually, Campbell is captured when a U.S. infantryman recognises his voice. Before Campbell can be executed, Wirtanen arranges for his discreet release, telling him that U.S. forces will no longer pursue him, before going on to aid him in relocating to New York City. In New York City, Campbell lives a lonely existence, sustained only by memories of Helga and an indifferent curiosity as to his eventual fate. Mrs. Epstein, the mother of a Jewish doctor living in Campbell\'s building and a Holocaust survivor, is the only person he meets who suspects his true identity, but he seems to allay her suspicions by appearing ignorant of German. The only friend that he makes is George Kraft, an old painter who lives in his building and who, through an extraordinary coincidence, happens to be a Soviet intelligence agent. Over many games of chess, Campbell reveals his secret past to this undercover agent, and Kraft tries to use this information to improve his reputation with his Soviet handlers by forcing Campbell into a position where he must flee to Moscow. He does so by subtly releasing information declaring that famous Nazi propagandist Howard Campbell has been living in New York since the end of the war, information that a white supremacist group picks up and excitedly publishes. Representatives of this organisation then arrive with a special gift for him: his wife Helga, long presumed dead. However, it is not long before Campbell discovers that Helga is, in fact, her own sister Resi, who has taken over Helga\'s identity. Soon after, when an angry war veteran turns against him, the fascists shelter Campbell, along with Kraft and "Helga", in their New York hideout. Wirtanen again appears, this time warning Campbell of Kraft\'s true identity and explaining that the Russian has put Campbell in an awkward position with the fascists so he can persuade him to leave the country by plane, ostensibly for Mexico, but in fact for Moscow. He explains also that Resi is part of Kraft\'s plot. Campbell decides to return to the hideout to confront the pair and, in light of her exposure, Resi commits suicide. Moments later, the FBI raids the hideout but, as before, Wirtanen uses his influence to ensure Campbell walks free. Campbell returns to his wrecked apartment and decides to turn himself in to the Israelis to stand trial, returning to the apartment of the Jewish doctor and his mother, who had earlier been suspicious of him. Campbell is taken to Haifa, Israel, where he is incarcerated in the cell below an unrepentant Adolf Eichmann. The film ends with the arrival of a letter from Wirtanen providing the corroborating evidence that Campbell was indeed an American spy during World War II. Moments later, Campbell hangs himself &mdash; not, he says, for crimes against humanity, but rather for "crimes against himself."'] ['Christopher Jones stars as rock singer and aspiring revolutionary Max Frost . Frost\'s band The Troopers live together with him, their women, and others in a sprawling Los Angeles mansion. The band includes his 15-year-old genius attorney Billy Cage ([[Kevin Coughlin  on lead guitar, ex-child actor/girlfriend Sally LeRoy  on keyboards, hook-handed Abraham Salteen  on bass guitar and trumpet, and anthropologist Stanley X  on drums. When Max is asked to sing at a televised political rally by Kennedyesque Senate candidate Johnny Fergus , who\'s running on a platform to lower the voting age from 21 to 18 , he and the Troopers appear &mdash; but Max stuns everyone by calling instead for the voting age to become 14, then finishes the show with an improvised song, "Fourteen Or Fight!", and a call for a demonstration. Max\'s fans  stir to action, and within 24 hours protests have begun in cities around the United States. Fergus\' advisors want him to denounce Max, but instead he agrees to support the demonstrations, and change his campaign &mdash; if Max and his group will compromise, accept a voting age of 15 instead, abide by the law, and appeal to the demonstrators to go home peaceably. Max agrees, and the two appear together on television, and in person the next day using the less offensive mantra "Fifteen and Ready". Most states agree to lower the voting age within days, in the wake of the demonstrations, and Max Frost and the Troopers campaign for Johnny Fergus until the election, which he wins by a landslide. Taking his place in the Senate, Fergus wishes Frost and his people would now just go away, but instead they get involved with Washington politics. When a Congressman from Sally LeRoy\'s home district dies suddenly, the band enters her in the special election that follows, and Sally  is voted into Congress by the new teen bloc. The first bill Sally introduces is a Constitutional amendment to lower the age requirements for national political office &mdash; to 14, and "Fourteen Or Fight!" enters a new phase. A joint session of Congress is called, and the Troopers  swing the vote their way by spiking the Washington water supply with LSD, and providing all the Senators and Representatives with teenaged guides. As teens either take over or threaten the reins of government, the Old Guard  turn to Max to run for President, and assert his  control over the changing tide. Max again agrees, running as a Republican to his chagrin, but once in office, he turns the tide on his older supporters. Thirty becomes a mandatory retirement age, while those over 35 are rounded up, sent to "re-education camps", and permanently dosed on LSD. Fergus unsuccessfully attempts to dissuade Max by contacting his estranged parents , then tries to assassinate him. Failing at this, he flees Washington with his remaining family, but they are soon rounded up. With youth now in control of the United States, politically as well as economically, and similar revolutions breaking out in all the world\'s major countries, Max withdraws the military from around the world , puts computers and prodigies in charge of the Gross National Product, ships surplus grain for free to third world nations, disbands the FBI and Secret Service, and becomes the leader of "the most truly hedonistic society the world has ever known". The final moments of the film indicate, however, that Max and his cohorts may face future intergenerational warfare from an unexpected source.'] ["The movie begins in 1973 Moscow, where Engineer Aleksandr Timofeev  is working on a time machine in his apartment. By accident, he sends Ivan Vasilevich Bunsha ([[Yuriy Yakovlev , superintendent of his apartment building, and George Miloslavsky , a small-time burglar, back into the time of Ivan IV. The pair is forced to disguise themselves, with Bunsha dressing up as Ivan IV and Miloslavsky as a knyaz of the same name . At the same time, the real Ivan IV  is sent by the same machine into Shurik's apartment, he has to deal with modern-day life while Shurik tries to fix the machine so that everyone can be brought back to their proper place in time. As the police  close in on Shurik, who is frantically trying to repair the machine, the cover of Bunsha and Miloslavsky is blown and they have to fight off the Streltsy, who have figured out that Bunsha is not the real Tsar. The movie ends with Bunsha, Miloslavsky, and Ivan IV all transported back to their proper places, although the entire thing is revealed to be a dream by Shurik. Or was it?"] ['Pierre Delacroix ,  is an uptight, Harvard University-educated black man, working for a television network known as CNS . At work, he has to endure torment from his boss Thomas Dunwitty , a tactless, boorish white man. Not only does Dunwitty talk like an urban black male, and use the word "nigger" repeatedly in conversations, he also proudly proclaims that he is more black than Delacroix and that he can use nigger since he is married to a black woman and has two mixed race children. Dunwitty frequently rejects Delacroix\'s scripts for TV shows that portray black people in positive, intelligent scenarios, dismissing them as "Cosby clones". Facing the necessity of either coming up with a hit black-centric show or being fired, Delacroix decides to aim for the latter. Delacroix would be in violation of his contract if he resigned, but getting fired would release him from it and allow him to seek work at another network. With help from his personal assistant Sloane Hopkins , Delacroix decides to pitch a minstrel show. Mantan: The New Millennium Minstrel Show is complete with black actors in blackface, extremely racist jokes and puns, and even offensively stereotyped CGI-animated cartoons that caricature the leading stars of the new show. Delacroix develops the program believing that the network would reject such over-the-top racism and fire him immediately. Delacroix and Hopkins decide to recruit two impoverished street performers, Manray  and Womack  -- homeless squatters who regularly perform outside CNS\' headquarters building to star in the show. While Womack is horrified when Delacroix tells him details about the show, Manray willfully agrees to star in the show, seeing it as his big chance to become rich and famous for his tap dancing skills. To Delacroix\'s horror, not only does Dunwitty enthusiastically endorse the show, it also becomes hugely successful. As soon as the show premieres on television, Manray and Womack end up becoming big stars while Delacroix, contrary to his original stated intent, defends the show as being satirical. Delacroix quickly embraces the show and his newfound fame; he even wins awards for creating and writing the show, while Hopkins becomes horrified at the racist nightmare she has helped to unleash. In the meantime, an underground, militant rap group called the Mau Maus , led by Hopkins\' older brother Julius , becomes increasingly angry at the content of the show. Though they had earlier auditioned for the program\'s live band position and were rejected, the group plan to bring the show down using violence. Eventually, Womack quits, fed up with the show and Manray\'s increasing ego. Manray and Hopkins thus grow closer, which angers Delacroix. Delacroix tries to break up Manray\'s relationship with Hopkins by accusing her of sleeping with Manray to further her career. Delacroix reveals that Hopkins only got her position as his assistant by sleeping with him. The move backfires and drives Manray and Hopkins even closer.  Hopkins creates a tape of racist footage culled from assorted movies, cartoons, television shows, and newsreels to try to shame Delacroix into stopping production of the show, but he refuses to view the tape. After an argument with Delacroix over all these differences, as well as realizing he is being exploited, Manray defiantly announces that he will no longer wear blackface. He appears in front of the studio audience, who are all in blackface, during a TV taping and does his dance number in his regular clothing. The network executives immediately turn against Manray, and Dunwitty  personally fires him from the show and throws him out of the studio. The Mau Maus kidnap Manray, and then announce a plan to publicly execute Manray on a live webcast. The authorities work feverishly to track down the source of the internet feed, but Manray is nevertheless assassinated while doing his famous tap dancing . At his office, Delacroix  begins to fantasize the various coon-themed antique collectibles in his office staring him down and coming to life and goes into a rage, destroying many of the racist collectibles. The police quickly catch The Mau Maus, shooting them down in a hail of bullets. They leave only one survivor, a white member known as "One-Sixteenth Black" , who tearfully proclaims that he is "black" and demands to die with the rest of his group instead of being arrested. Furious, Hopkins confronts Delacroix at gunpoint with her brother\'s revolver and demands that he watch the tape she prepared for him. Delacroix, after watching the tape, tries to get the gun, but is shot in the stomach. Hopkins, horrified, flees while proclaiming that it was Delacroix\'s own fault that he got shot. Delacroix, after positioning the gun to make the gunshot wound to the stomach appear self-inflicted, watches the tape as he lies dying on the floor. The film concludes with a long montage of racially insensitive and demeaning clips of black characters from Hollywood films of the first half of the 20th century. Some of the films used in the sequence are The Birth of a Nation, The Jazz Singer, Gone with the Wind, Babes in Arms, Holiday Inn, Ub Iwerks\' cartoon Little Black Sambo, Walter Lantz\'s cartoon Scrub Me Mama with a Boogie Beat, the Screen Songs short Jingle Jangle Jungle, the Merrie Melodies short All This and Rabbit Stew, and, from the Hal Roach comedy School\'s Out, Our Gang kids Allen "Farina" Hoskins and Matthew "Stymie" Beard. After the montage, as the cameras point to Delacroix\'s lifeless body on the floor, the camera then shows Manray doing his last Mantan sequence on stage.'] ['Anna has been rejected by her college, her girlfriend broke up with her, and her big sister is getting married. She meets Sadie, who invites her to join Clits In Action, or CA, a radical Third-wave feminist group. Anna soon gets in touch with her political side.Review of "Itty Bitty Titty Committee" by Danielle Riendeau She takes part in illegal activism with the group and becomes more aggressive in her daily life. Anna starts falling for Sadie, who has been involved for years with an older woman named Courtney. Courtney works with a more mainstream feminist organization and disagrees with the CA\'s method of creating awareness through public art, which usually involves vandalism. The group travels to take part in a gay marriage protest - instead of being for or against it, they argue that marriage is the wrong goal, as it is an institution rooted in sexism. Despite being warned by another member of the CA, Meat, that Sadie uses people, Anna shares a night of passion with her while they stay in a hotel. At the rally the next day, the outspoken Shulamith ends up nearly coming to blows with a protester. The fight is caught by a local news crew and the group\'s message is misconstrued as violent and homophobic. Meat also reveals that their website - which they considered the center of their activism - has not received hits from anyone besides themselves. CA attempts to have a meeting at Courtney\'s home, but personal conflicts come to a head. Anna believes Sadie is going to leave Courtney to be with her, but Sadie remains dependent on her partner. Meat and Shulamith announce that they\'re giving up on the group, Sadie stays behind with Courtney, and Aggie  comforts Anna, who is heartbroken over Sadie\'s rejection and the loss of the CA. They end up partying together and having a one-night stand. In the morning, Aggie has prepared breakfast and procured a flower for Anna, who only considers him a friend. Sadie arrives to talk about what happened the night before. Anna tries to explain that her night with Aggie meant nothing. He overhears and is deeply hurt. Sadie leaves and Anna finds herself truly alone. In an attempt to fix things, Anna formulates a master plan to get CA national attention. Meat and Shulamith like her idea, but insist she must make things right with Aggie. Anna apologizes, Aggie forgives her, and the four carry out the plan, without Sadie. Anna attends her sister\'s wedding, bringing joy to her family, but leaves early to execute her part of the plan - sneaking into the studio of a popular talk show with Aggie and Meat. Courtney is appearing on the show to argue about the appropriateness of a celebration over the  anniversary of the construction of the Washington Monument, which she feels is a distraction from real issues. When the host requests a live shot of the monument, the CA feeds their footage in. With the expert help of one of Shulamith\'s lovers, Calvin , and Meat\'s prowess with sculpture, a giant phallus has been erected atop the Washington Monument and is blown off with explosives. Back at the studio, Anna pulls the fire alarm and the group escapes. In the getaway car waiting for Anna, she is surprised to see Sadie, who has finally broken it off with Courtney. Sadie apologizes for her behavior, and the two agree to just be friends, but then kiss. Through text in the epilogue, it is revealed that Shulamith and Calvin volunteered to take the fall for the explosion, and received a reduced sentence because no one was hurt. Aggie started hormone therapy, started a new feminist group for men and got a girlfriend. Meat\'s sculpture appearing on TV launched her art career. Courtney took the talk show host, Marcy, out to dinner after fleeing the building together. Marcy subsequently left her husband to move in with Courtney. Anna and Sadie remain together, and Anna now attends college, where she has created a group focused on positive body image called the Itty Bitty Titty Committee.'] ['{{Plot}} In a two-dimensional world called Flatland populated by living squares, triangles, lines, circles and other two-dimensional shapes, it is three days until the celebration of the year 3000. A Square, attorney at law, struggles to instruct his son, A Hexagon, in the art of sight recognition. The lesson is interrupted by A Square\'s brother B, a clerk to President Circle, warning A to stay home during a meeting at the Senate of the Great Southern Republic of Flatland. The Senate session has been called to discuss the increasing hostilities between the government and the Chromatist movement, led by Senator Chromatistes, an irregular dodecagon. The movement seeks legalization of the right of Flatlanders to color their sides as they see fit. Traditionally taboo, laws against it had been relaxed; this emboldened the Chromatists to demand legalization. The Great Southern Republic distinguishes itself from its enemy, the Northern Kingdom, by its stances on Chromatism and Irregulars along with a democratic government. Relaxing the laws has already been perceived as weakness by the Northern Kingdom who are massing on the borders. Against his brother’s warning, A Square meets his new client, the first female charged as a Chromatist; on his way home he is caught in the melee leaving the Senate. President Circle’s soldiers killed Senator Chromatistes and his supporters, sparking a riot across the city. A Square just gets home safely, then barricades his family against the chaos for the night. Once asleep, A Square dreams of visiting a one-dimensional world, Lineland, and attempts to convince the realm\'s ignorant king of a second dimension, but fails to make him see outside of his eternally straight line. A Square awakens to learn that the deadly riots originated in the Senate meeting that B Square was attending. A visit to B Square’s home confirms that he is missing. A Square scours the city, now under martial law, seeking B Square. At the marketplace, he meets a merchant selling a fascinating "glow point", and buys one for A Hexagon, who has been sulking since being disciplined for coloring one of his sides purple. The family prepares for another anxious night, only to be terrified by the sudden appearance of A Sphere, CEO of Messiah, Inc. A Sphere declares that A Square is his apostle of the Three Dimensions and privately begins to explain things to him. A Square refuses to entertain the notion of three dimensions, resorting to violence with A Sphere. A Sphere decides the only way to convince A Square of the three dimensions is to show him. Suddenly and painfully, A Square is plucked out of his dimension and into Spaceland. After the initial shock, the reality of 3 dimensions becomes clear to A Square, along with the possibility of locating his brother from his newfound vantage point. Having business himself at the Great Hall, A Sphere brings A Square to look for his brother there. On their arrival, A Sphere expounds upon three dimensions to President Circle and the Priests who anticipated this event. After rejecting A Sphere’s message and attempting to kill him, the Flatland leaders execute all who have witnessed the event, except B Square, who is imprisoned for life on pain of silence while his brother watches from high above Flatland. Realizing that time in Spaceland is short, at least for A Square, A Sphere brings him to Messiah, Inc. to finish his education on the gospel of Three Dimensions. Enthralled by the complex world of Spaceland, A Square posits further about 4 dimensions and so forth to A Sphere who dismisses it as nonsense. Meanwhile, A Square’s intrusion into Spaceland has become a national emergency, which prompts the Spaceland Senate to call to him to appear for a hearing, to explain this breach of protocol of bringing a Flatlander into their midst. They claim it will be viewed as an act of, and provocation for, war by their enemies, the X-Axis. During the hearing, A Square also learns that the X-Axis considers the Great Senate as weak because they have allowed the continued existence of his own world, Flatland, which they view as an abomination. As the debate rages, an ailing A Square tries to explain his theory of multiple dimensions to an unsympathetic crowd. Air-raid sirens wail as A Square collapses from the overwhelming effects of gravity on his two-dimensional body and chaos ensues. A Sphere manages to send his dying apostle back on his way to Flatland via a mailing tube before bombs destroy Messiah, Inc., but A Square’s journey back is fraught with obstacles. He ends up plunging in freefall toward Flatland and through its surface into unknown regions below where he experiences a revelation on dimensionality and infinity. A Square finds himself in his own bed on the eve of the year 3000 and his family informs him that the government has issued orders for the arrest of anyone proclaiming the gospel of three dimensions. Undeterred, A Square hurries to see his brother in Flatland jail to discuss their new shared knowledge of the third dimension. B Square, afraid of execution, denies the experience and in a panic assaults his brother who falls temporarily into an unconscious state where he encounters A HyperSphere along with the Monarch of Pointland who curiously resembles a “glow point.” As the Monarch drones on in his monologue of “being the all in all, the one in the one,” A HyperSphere informs his former apostle that time is short and A Square must proclaim the gospel of the three dimensions to his fellow Flatlanders although they, like the Monarch, will probably remain trapped within their own perspectives. Returning to himself, A Square escapes Flatland prison and outruns the guards. Arriving home, A Square informs his wife that they are going to defect to the Northern Kingdom where he might be able to spread the gospel of three dimensions to a more open minded populace. The soldiers arrive and A Square escapes with the help of Frau A Square’s “war cry” that temporarily stuns them. Before he can reach the border, A Square is cornered by the soldiers whose attempt to dismantle and segment him is thwarted by the Northern Kingdom army’s attack. In the fracas, things suddenly begin to disappear as though sucked down through the fabric of Flatland until only A Square remains. He too begins to disappear until there is only his eye, then a point of light, a glowing point of light, which welcomes him into another dimension.'] [';The Green Eyed Monster Dedra Davenport  meets the 15 year old daughter  of her fiance  for the very first time. However, she is soon disturbed by how unhealthy and bordering on incestuous the relationship between the two is. ;This Little Piggy Ginny Bai  agrees to participate in an unconventional sex act with her boyfriend Chad Bower ([[Robert_Hoffman_. Soon after she begins to slowly lose her mind when she cannot seem to get rid of an odd smell from her finger. ;Buyer’s Remorse A rich and well recognized West Hollywood gay couple  decide to adopt a 7 year old African girl . They prove to be mentally unprepared for the challenges and risks involved in parenthood, especially so, as their adopted daughter is a decided mute who refuses to speak to them. ;Kangaroo Court A nanny  for a group of neglected children comes to find some dangerous secrets about the live- in staff at their mansion home. ;Maneater An unidentified man  breaks into the apartment of meek woman Sarah Cotton , whom he proceeds to rape. Sometime later she finds the man’s wallet and is able to track him down and approach her attacker with an unusual request.'] ["A cynical and gothic look at Hollywood during the late 1930s, Day of the Locust tells the tales of residents of the dilapidated San Bernardino Arms: Faye Greener, a trashy aspiring actress with limited talent, and her father Harry, a washed-up vaudevillian reduced to working as a door-to-door salesman; sexually repressed accountant Homer Simpson, who desperately loves Faye, and East Coast WASP Tod Hackett, an aspiring artist employed by the production department of a major studio, who also fancies Faye. There are unusual and bizarrely disturbing images: a middle-aged man sits in an untended garden staring at a large lizard that stares back; a young woman is transported into the film she's watching and finds herself portraying a harem girl in old Baghdad; a dwarf tenderly caresses a rooster, bleeding and dazed from a cock-fight,and then tosses it back into the ring to its death; an androgynous child beckons to a man through a window and performs a grotesque imitation of Mae West. These brief vignettes do little to advance the basic plot, but they serve to shape the audience's understanding of the era depicted as one of Hollywood sleaziness and wholesale alienation. Spectacle fills the screen—a set of the Waterloo battlefield collapses on the extras during the making of the film within the film. In the film's climax, an enraged Homer brutally tramples a child near a Grauman's Chinese Theater as crowds gather for the premiere of a new film. Seeing this, the enraged crowd swarms over and kills Homer. Almost immediately, the entire crowd is driven to riot, turning on itself, smashing store windows, overturning cars, trampling each other to death and turning the already packed street into a war zone. Severely injured, a delirious Tod imagines some of the mob take on the appearance of the characters in his own grotesque painting The Burning of Los Angeles."] ['The plot follows Albert Brooks, a Jewish-American comedian, sent by the United States government into India and Pakistan to find out "what makes Muslims laugh." References are made to Brooks\'s earlier films, including Finding Nemo, Lost In America and Defending Your Life along with his earlier stand-up comedy material. Upon reaching India, Brooks begins interviewing Indians and gathering material for the 500-page essay expected of him from the government. He is aided by two agents  and an Indian woman named Maya, played by Sheetal Sheth, who was hired as his assistant. Brooks\' interviews and a failed stand-up performance begin to attract the attention of the Indian government, who fear he is a spy of some sort. When Brooks, unable to get a visa, illegally enters Pakistan for four hours to interview several fledgling Pakistani comedians, the Indian government becomes even more paranoid, increasing border control. This action causes alarm to Pakistan, who responds with security measures of their own. As tension between the countries grows, the American government orders Brooks to leave the country and return to America. It is later said that the tension between Pakistan and India is resolved after they learn that everything was Brooks\'s fault. It is also revealed that Maya sent what was written of the report to Washington, but it received no recognition.'] ['Nick Naylor is a handsome, smooth-talking tobacco lobbyist and the vice-president of a tobacco lobby called the "Academy of Tobacco Studies", which for 15 years has been "researching" the link between tobacco smoking and lung cancer. They claim that their research&mdash;funded primarily by tobacco companies&mdash;has found no definitive evidence of any linkage. Naylor\'s job consists mainly of reporting the questionable research of the "Academy" to the public and defending Big Tobacco on television programs by questioning opposing health claims and advocating personal choice. Naylor and his friends, firearm lobbyist Bobby Jay Bliss and alcohol lobbyist Polly Bailey, meet every week and jokingly call themselves the "Merchants of Death" or "The MOD Squad". As anti-tobacco campaigns mount and numbers of young smokers decline, Naylor suggests that product placement of cigarettes could once again boost cigarette sales. Naylor\'s boss, BR, sends Naylor to Los Angeles to bargain for cigarette placement in upcoming movies. Naylor takes along his young son Joey in hopes of bonding with him. Throughout their trip, Naylor teaches Joey about the beauty of argument. Naylor is also sent to bribe Lorne Lutch, the cancer-stricken man who once played the Marlboro Man in cigarette ads and is now campaigning against cigarettes. Naylor offers Lutch a suitcase of money for his silence. When Lutch refuses, Naylor suggests he should publicly announce the bribe and say that he\'s using the money to start a charity for cancer victims&mdash;but adds that in that case he can\'t use any of it to help his own family, because he will seem like a hypocrite. Naylor\'s argument convinces Lutch to take the hush money for his family. Senator Finistirre, one of Naylor\'s most vehement critics, is the promoter of a bill to add a skull and crossbones POISON warning to cigarette packaging. During a televised debate with Finistirre, Naylor receives a death threat from a caller. Despite the threat, Naylor still plans to appear before a U.S. Senate committee to fight Finistirre\'s bill. Naylor is then kidnapped and covered in nicotine patches. Awakening in a hospital, he learns that the very high nicotine tolerance level resulting from his smoking has saved him from death by nicotine poisoning, but now he is hypersensitive to nicotine and can never smoke again. Meanwhile, Naylor has been seduced by a young reporter named Heather Holloway. During their steamy fling, the besotted Naylor tells Holloway all about his life and career&mdash;information that she happily publishes in an exposé that appears just after the kidnapping. Her article relentlessly bashes Naylor and his work, exposing Lutch\'s bribe, the product-placement scheme, and the MOD squad as well. It accuses Naylor of training his son Joey to follow his amoral example. All public sympathy due to Naylor\'s kidnapping evaporates, and Naylor is fired by BR. Naylor falls into depression until Joey helps him recall the integrity in his job of defending corporations that almost no one feels deserve a defense. Rejuvenated, Naylor tells the press about his affair with Holloway and promises to clear the names of everyone mentioned in her article. He also declares that he will still appear before the Senate committee. At the hearing, Naylor admits to the dangers of smoking but argues that public awareness is already high enough without extra warnings. He emphasizes consumer choice and responsibility and, to the dismay of Senator Finistirre, claims that if tobacco companies are guilty of tobacco-related deaths, then perhaps Finistirre\'s state of Vermont, as a major cheese producer, is likewise guilty of cholesterol-related deaths. At one point, Finistirre asks Naylor if he would condone his son smoking cigarettes after he turns 18. Naylor hesitates, then responds, "If he really wants to smoke, I\'ll buy him his first pack." After being impressed by Naylor\'s speech, which results in a vote against Finistirre\'s bill, BR offers Naylor his job back, but Naylor publicly refuses to work for his backstabbing boss. Holloway, publicly humiliated by Naylor\'s confession of their affair, is reduced to working as a local weather girl. Soon afterwards, Big Tobacco settles claims of liability for smoking-related deaths at a huge cost, the "Academy" is dismantled, and Senator Finistirre begins working to have cigarettes digitally removed from classic films. The MOD Squad still meets weekly, now with the addition of lobbyists for fast food, hazardous waste, and oil drilling. In the footsteps of his father, Joey wins a school debate using lessons his father taught him. Naylor opens a private lobbying firm, in which we see him continuing on the same path, guiding a trio from the cellphone industry concerned about claims that cellphones cause brain cancer. The film ends with Nick\'s narration: "Michael Jordan plays ball. Charles Manson kills people. I talk. Everyone has a talent. "'] [':For the plot of the film-within-the-film, see This Island Earth The film opens with mad scientist Dr. Clayton Forrester, working from an underground laboratory, explaining the premise of the film . Mike Nelson and the robots Crow T. Robot, and Tom Servo, along with Gypsy, are aboard the Satellite of Love high in Earth\'s orbit, when Dr. Forrester forces them to watch the film This Island Earth to break their wills; as per the television show, Mike, Crow, and Tom make fun of the movie as it airs. The movie riffing scenes are bookended and interspersed with short sketches. Prior to the movie, Crow attempts to dig through the ship\'s hull to return to Earth. After the filmstrip breaks and Dr. Forrester reloads it, Crow and Tom dare Mike to drive the Satellite himself, but ends up crashing into the Hubble Space Telescope; Mike then tries to repair the Hubble using the Satellite\'s manipulator arms, MANOS, but instead further damages the unit before Gypsy takes over. Some time into the film, Tom reveals that he has an interocitor like that used in This Island Earth. The gang tries to use Tom\'s device to return to Earth, but instead contact a Metalunan  who is unable to help them to figure out how to use it correctly but does accidentally repeatedly zap Tom\'s head with a laser beam. The contact is broken by Dr. Forrester, who also has an interocitor, and he zaps the group to encourage them back to the movie theater. After the movie, Mike, Crow, and Tom are far from broken, celebrating in various Metaluna ways. Dr. Forrester, furious at his failure, attempts to use his own interocitor to harm Mike and the others, but only succeeds in transporting himself into the shower of the Metalunan previously seen. Mike and the robots briefly celebrate Dr. Forrester\'s disappearance before they realize they no longer have a way back to Earth without him. Mike says "Hey, wait a minute!" and the crew head back to the theater in time for the movie\'s ending credits.'] ['{{Expand section}} When the notorious Diaper Mafia take hostage the Tromaville School for the Very Special, only the Toxic Avenger and his morbidly obese sidekick Lardass can save Tromaville. However, an explosion results in some unforeseeable consequences where it creates a dimensional tear between Tromaville and its dimensional mirror image Amortville. While the Toxic Avenger  is trapped in Amortville, Tromaville comes under the control of the superhuman powered hero\'s evil doppelgänger the Noxious Offender . With the citizens of Tromaville unaware of the switch, Mayor Goldberg decides to combat "Toxie" by calling in every superhero he can afford.'] ["Judy Benjamin  is an American woman who joins the U.S. Army after her new husband dies on their wedding night during sex. Duped by a sneaky recruiting sergeant, Jim Ballard , who lets her believe military life to be more glamorous than it is, she has a rude awakening in boot camp. After getting in trouble constantly, Judy wants to quit but chooses to stick it out, and has a series of adventures which eventually lead to promotion. During her service, Judy meets Henri Tremont , a dashing French doctor. However, their romance is short-lived when he returns to Paris and she to her army career. Later Judy manages to be assigned to SHAPE in Belgium, and she meets up with Henri again. He proposes marriage; she accepts, but when Captain Lewis , her boot camp officer, discovers that Tremont is a communist, Judy is forced to choose between giving up her army career or leaving him to continue her service. After she chooses Henri over the Army, Judy discovers Henri's controlling side, when he tries to 'remake' her, and when forced to sign a prenuptial agreement in his favor. Then, when she finds out Henri is still madly in love with an old flame  and has cheated on her with their maid, she realizes that she is capable of doing whatever she wants, and that she doesn't need Henri for that. She walks out on him at the altar to go and live her own life."] ['It is prohibition, and beer barons Laurel and Hardy are sent to prison for concocting their own home brew. They are put in a cell with "Tiger" Long, the roughest, toughest and meanest of all inmates. Stan has a loose tooth that causes him to emit a razzberry at the end of every sentence; the inmate interprets this as a coolly defiant attitude and is impressed — nobody else ever stood up to him like that. He and Stan and Ollie become fast friends. After a prison break, the boys escape to a cotton plantation, where they hide out undetected, in blackface. When they attempt to repair the warden\'s car, they are discovered and are sent back to prison. They inadvertently break up a prison riot and the grateful warden issues them a pardon.  H.M. Walker wrote the opening title card to this film, which states, "Mr. Hardy is a man of wonderful ideas &mdash; So is Mr. Laurel &mdash; As long as he doesn\'t try to think."'] ['Kate, Steve, Mick, and Jenn Jones move into a high income suburb under the pretense of being a typical family relocating due to the changing nature of Kate and Steve\'s careers. In reality, Kate is the leader of a team of stealth marketers, professional salespeople who disguise product placement as a daily routine. Their clothing, accessories, furniture, and even food are carefully planned and stocked by various companies to create visibility in a desirable consumer market. While Kate\'s team is highly effective, Steve is new to the team, Jenn is a closet nymphomaniac with a penchant for hitting on her fake fathers, and a 30-day review is fast approaching. The team quickly ingratiates itself into the community, slowly shifting from displaying products to recommending them. Soon, local stores and businesses are stocking products based on the Joneses\' trend-setting styles. However, at the end of the 30-day review, Steve discovers that he has the lowest sales numbers of the team, and Kate\'s job is endangered unless he can get his numbers up before the next review in 60 days. Eventually, Steve begins to find a sales tactic that works by playing on the fears of his neighbors and sympathizing with their dull, repetitive, unfulfilled careers. As someone who is frustrated with his job and disconnected from his fake "family," Steve turned to their products to keep himself entertained. When he recognizes this same pattern in his neighbors, his sales begin to steadily increase as he starts pitching products as the solution for suburban boredom and generating product "buzz" through unwitting ropers. The team\'s dynamics become more complicated when Kate applies herself to the technique as well. Realizing that they can boost sales by perfecting their fake family dynamic to sell the image of a lifestyle, the lines between acting and reality start to break down. Things also get more complicated when Mick finds himself growing closer to an unpopular girl at the high school, Naomi, in whom he can confide, while Jenn\'s flirtation with Alex Bayner  raises the suspicions of the neighbors. The team\'s cover is almost blown at several times during the job: once when an old acquaintance of Steve\'s recognizes him at a restaurant, again when Jenn\'s indiscretions nearly expose her real age, and after a party where Mick markets alcohol to minors. Eventually, each member of the team finds that the constant pretense slowly erodes their individual desires. Jenn\'s dreams of running away with a rich, older man come to a close when she realizes that she was being used by Alex. Mick has a crisis of conscience when Naomi gets into a car accident after drinking too much of a wine cooler that the family was marketing to teens. Worse, when he tries to reveal that he is homosexual to Naomi\'s brother, he punches Mick in rage. After creating nearly record-breaking numbers, Steve is offered the chance to join an "icon" unit alone. He refuses, knowing that this is Kate\'s dream and because he believes that the "family" can do it together. When Steve\'s closest friend in the community, Larry, reveals that he\'s going to lose his house because he\'s overextended his credit, Steve tries again to see if Kate wants something more than a pretend marriage. She rebuffs him, and the next day Steve discovers to his horror that Larry has committed suicide over the debts. Grief-stricken, Steve confesses to the community about the real nature of his job. With their covers blown, the rest of the Joneses leave quickly and are reassigned to a new home. Steve refuses the offer to join an icon cell and tracks the family down to their new location. There, he reunites with Kate and tries one last time to convince her to leave. Though hesitant she follows him out of town and agrees to meet his family in Arizona.'] ["Elmo Bunn is an L.A. pizza delivery man with a reputation for never having delivered a cold pizza or being stiffed on a bill. When a call comes into his shop for an extra-large with sausage and anchovies to go to a dangerous part of East Hollywood, Elmo knows he's in for trouble."] ['The film features Byrne as an unnamed, cowboy-hat-wearing stranger who visits the fictional Texas town of Virgil, where he observes the citizens as they prepare for the Celebration of Special-ness to mark the Sesquicentennial  anniversary of the founding of the town and the statehood of Texas. The event is being sponsored by the Varicorp Corporation, a local computer manufacturing plant. Byrne\'s narration breaks the fourth wall many times in the movie, especially while he is driving around town in his Chrysler LeBaron convertible. Among the unique individuals the stranger meets is * Louis Fyne, , a Country-Western-singing clean room technician at Varicorp who is unlucky in love * Civic leader Earl Culver , who never speaks directly to his wife, Kay  * Miss Rollings , who never leaves her bed * Mr. Tucker , Miss Rollings personal assistant, a voodoo practitioner whom Louis hires to help him find love * A conspiracy theorist preacher  whose shtick owes a great deal to the Church of the SubGenius ; * Ramon , who claims telepathic powers * "The Lying Woman" , who recounts fantastic episodes from her life to anyone listening. Renowned Latin music legend Esteban "Steve" Jordan and his conjunto perform the song "Radio Head" in the film as well.'] ['Eddie Muntz  is a small-time American arms dealer who talks his way into a job with a large defense corporation selling high-tech military unmanned aerial vehicles to a South American dictator . Muntz arrives in war-torn and impoverished "San Miguel" to sell weapons to both its leader and the rebels seeking his ouster. In the middle of a sales pitch to the rebels, Muntz is caught in a firefight and is shot in the foot. Hobbling in a rundown hotel days later, Muntz meets Harold DeVoto , a sales rep for the American defense contractor, Luckup. Muntz peddles small arms , whereas Luckup\'s product is more sophisticated—the Peacemaker UAV, a military dream that operates without pilots or airbases. But the military junta of San Miguel strings DeVoto along, driving the man to suicide. Muntz successfully takes over the deal and wins a contract worth millions. On returning to America, he is angrily confronted at gunpoint by Catherine , Harold\'s widow. Demanding the contract, Catherine shoots Muntz instead, reopening the wound on his foot. Waking up in the hospital, Muntz is told by Frank Stryker , a Luckup executive, that San Miguel reneged on the deal after a distastrous and highly publicized demonstration of the Peacemaker. Muntz nevertheless decides to help Luckup re-sign San Miguel. He is joined by his partner, Ray Kasternak , an ex-fighter pilot now undergoing a religious crisis of conscience, and also by Catherine. Muntz\'s efforts are complicated by tensions with Luckup, by Ray\'s religious conversion, by "The Peacemaker\'s" many technical glitches and his own growing moral reservations. On the eve of a major defense industry exposition, Muntz is visited by Massagi , an immensely wealthy arms merchant who both encourages him to finalize the San Miguel deal and coaches him on how to do it. Massagi reveals that the global arms industry has a stake in sales of weapons like the Peacemaker because they allow for localized and conventional wars that will keep their business viable into the next century. Massagi also explains how recent changes to federal law not only legalize bribes to foreign dictators, but make those bribes tax deductible. These revelations spur Muntz on, while also adding to his unease. Muntz accompanies San Miguel\'s dictator to the weapons expo, where billions of dollars of high technology are displayed and demonstrated. To the dictators, Muntz disparages any warplanes he sees, reminding them of the obvious benefits of pilot-less aircraft. While Muntz demonstrates some of his own wares , Ray hijacks one of the fighter jets being demonstrated, threatening to attack the expo, also daring them to attack him. Ray circles overhead as representatives for defense contractors bicker among themselves as to whose weapons are good enough to shoot him down. Stryker takes matters into his own hands, launching the Peacemaker. This time, the UAV proves a much more formidable threat, and not even Ray can destroy it. Misusing all of the Peacemaker\'s weapons, however, Stryker instead destroys the entire expo. Before he can try again for Ray, Muntz uses his cane to shut off the Peacemaker\'s remote control panel, allowing Ray to destroy it. In the final scene, we learn that Ray has left the arms industry to become a missionary. Muntz is also out of weapons trafficking, but still a salesman working at his brother\'s car dealership.  He sells Catherine a car, and it\'s implied that they will be doing other deals together.'] [' An eastern cult  is about to sacrifice a woman to the goddess \'Kaili{{Disambiguation needed|dateIntermissionPart TwoPart Three: Later That Evening Ringo lies nervously on Paul\'s bed, waiting for the injection. But before Ahme can proceed, the gang starts to pound on the doors. Startled, Ahme drops the needle into Paul\'s leg and he shrinks instead. Cutting from "The Exciting Adventure of Paul on The Floor", the thugs break into the room and a fight ensues. Ahme flees. Ringo is doused with red paint , thus ruining his best suit and causing him to cry and a swordsman approaches. Foot comes in, shoots a warning shot with his Webley and scares the man away. The gang retreats and Foot makes his attempt to take the ring. Paul unshrinks and John subsequently starts to swing a lamp at Foot who tries to shoot him, but his gun misfires. Blaming this on the fact that the gun is British made, Foot retreats. The boys are left to sort things out. The band flees to the Austrian Alps for refuge but both thugs and Foot follow in pursuit. As the Beatles participate in a game of curling, Foot and Algernon booby trap one of the curling stones with a bomb. George sees the "fiendish thingy" and tells everyone to run. The bomb eventually goes off after a delay, creating a big hole in the ice in which a swimmer  emerges and asks directions to the White Cliffs of Dover. Next, Swami skis down a slope that Ahme told him was the way to get to further pursue the Beatles, but turns out to be the take-off ramp for a Ski jumping contest. Swami is the winner, and inadvertently gets held up by receiving a gold medal. The group escapes back to England and they ask for "protection" from Scotland Yard; and get it in the form of a cowardly Inspector . After being attacked while recording in the middle of Salisbury Plain surrounded by the British Army, they hide in "A Well Known Palace"  until they are almost captured by Foot. The group step into a small pub, where Swami appears to be working. After being served beer, Ringo cannot pick his glass up from the table, so George tips it over, unknowingly opening a trapdoor to the cellar that Swami set up. Inside the cellar is a broken ladder and a tiger. They go summon the Inspector, who tells them to sing the "Ode to Joy" from Beethoven\'s 9th Symphony to the tiger in order to tame it, while everyone outside the pub hear the melody, and join in. Disguised, the Beatles take a plane to the Bahamas, followed by Scotland Yard officers, Foot and Clang. After Ringo is nearly captured, the other Beatles pose as him in order to lure the cult members, who are then arrested by the Bahamas Police. Despite their best efforts, Ringo is captured by Foot, who takes him on to a ship intending to cut off his finger to get the ring. Ahme rescues Ringo by giving Foot the same orchid essence shrinking solution in exchange. The two try to escape the ship by jumping into the water, however Ringo cannot swim. They are captured by the cult and tied down on the beach where they are surrounded by two battalions of Kukhri Rifles. Clang begins the ceremony to sacrifice Ringo, after telling him that the cult members are prepared to attack the rest of the Beatles and police when they come to the rescue and that if Ringo attempts to warn them he will die instantly. Ringo manages to untie himself and tries to wave to his band mates to warn them away. With this act of courage, the ring falls from his finger. He puts the ring on Clang\'s hand, saying "Get sacrificed! I don\'t subscribe to your religion!" Ahme declares that Clang will be the next sacrifice, as he is wearing the ring. The movie ends with "Help!" playing one last time and everyone running around. Clang manages to remove the ring and gives it to Foot and Algernon. They, however, leave the ring in the sand while the police rush about arresting the cult while The Beatles playfully run around; the ring ends up on Bhuta\'s finger and he becomes the target for sacrifice; meanwhile, Mal Evans swims toward the beach and once again, asks for directions to the White Cliffs of Dover. The movie ends with a dedication to "Elias Howe, who, in 1846, invented the sewing machine". The credits feature the characters acting up in front of the camera, with the jewel of the ring being placed in front of the lens. The music playing during the credits is the Overture of The Barber of Seville by Gioachino Rossini, with The Beatles adding their own laughing and comments.'] ['When a dorm toilet explodes on the first day back to school, a group of misfit girlfriends are forced to leave their housing and search for a new home. They ultimately decide on pledging a sorority. However, not many sororities are normal at South Beach University. The girls decide to pledge the most popular and exclusive sorority at the university, Gamma Gamma, which is led by president Victoria English . While pledging the sorority, Victoria sends the girls to do a task: collect used condoms. While searching the park, the leader of the group, Gloria, bumps into Victoria\'s boyfriend Derek, and they become close. The only reason Victoria plans to let the freshmen pledge is to display diversity, which is a requirement for the "FHM Hottest Sorority In The Country" contest. From then on, Victoria declares war on the girls during "Hell Week" but ultimately lets them join, only to kick them out once they have won the contest. This angers the leader of the misfit freshmen, Gloria. Gloria decides to quit the sorority as do her friends. Derek and Gloria realize their feelings towards each other and seal it with a kiss. Gloria\'s ex-best friend, Kristen, convinces Gloria to come back. Gloria and her friends come back but only to declare war on Victoria by sneaking into the Gamma Gamma house and stealing embarrassing photos and video footage of her to show to everyone at the Gamma Gamma victory party. She also reveals to Victoria that she and Derek love each other. Victoria becomes embarrassed and eventually makes a public apology to the freshmen. The movie ends with a giant food fight at the Gamma Gamma party, and Victoria saying that she loved her cover of FHM so much she bought the magazine. Gloria becomes the president of Gamma Gamma the following year.'] ['Albert Aachen is found dead, the murder weapon a poison dart. When a woman named Betty Barnard becomes the next victim, detective Hercule Poirot suspects that Sir Carmichael Clarke could be in grave danger. As he and Captain Hastings look into the crimes, a beautiful woman with an interesting monogram named Amanda Beatrice Cross becomes the focus of their investigation, at least until she leaps into the Thames.'] ['Val Waxman  is a one-time prestigious film director lately reduced to overseeing cheesy television commercials in order to pay his bills and support his current live-in girlfriend . When he is thrown off his latest effort , he desperately seeks a real movie project. Out of the blue, Val receives an offer to direct a big-budget blockbuster movie to be set in New York City. However, the offer comes from his former wife  and her current boyfriend , the studio head who stole Val\'s wife from him. Pushed by his agent , Val agrees to the project, but a psychosomatic ailment strikes him blind just before production is to begin. The movie plays out with an aging director struggling to regain his vision, both metaphorically and literally. It is easy to envision the movie as a not-so-subtle metaphor for Allen\'s real-life struggles during the 1990s to regain  his early momentum in the film-making milieu. In the end, Val\'s project costs $60 million—and flops. Nevertheless, Val enjoys a "Hollywood ending" of his own—his movie is a hit in France. Winning his wife back, he happily proclaims, "Thank God the French exist."'] ['A pair of truck drivers, the experienced Goro  and a young sidekick named Gun , stop at a decrepit roadside ramen  shop. Outside, Goro rescues a boy who is being beaten up by three schoolmates. The boy, Tabo, turns out to be the son of the widowed owner of the struggling business, Tampopo . When a customer called Pisken  harasses Tampopo, Goro invites him and his men to step outside. Goro puts up a good fight, but is knocked out and wakes up the next morning in Tampopo\'s home. When Tampopo asks their opinion of her noodles, Goro and Gun tell her they are not very good. After Goro gives her some advice, she asks him to become her teacher. They decide to turn her establishment into a paragon of the "art of noodle soup making". Goro takes her around and points out the strengths and weaknesses of her competitors. She still cannot get the broth just right, so Goro brings in the "old master"  and his superlative expertise. When they rescue a wealthy elderly man from choking on his food, he lends her his chauffeur Shohei, who has a masterful way with noodles. They also steal the best recipes from their competitors. During the transition, the group agrees to have the restaurant\'s name changed from Lai Lai to "Tampopo". Pisken feels bad for being too drunk to tell his men to stay out of the fight, so he offers Goro another chance one on one. After the rematch ends in a draw, Pisken reveals he is a contractor, and offers to make over the shop\'s interior. Tampopo\'s latest effort still comes up short, so Pisken teaches her his own secret recipe. When the five men consume her latest creation down to the last drop, Tampopo knows she has won. . As customers fill her newly redecorated shop, the men file out one by one. The main narrative is interspersed with stories involving food on several levels. The primary subplot involves a young man in a white suit  and his lover , who find erotically inventive ways to use food. Other satirical vignettes involve a lowly worker who upstages his superiors by displaying his vast culinary knowledge while ordering at a gourmet French restaurant; a housewife who rises from her deathbed to cook one last meal for her family; and a women\'s etiquette class  on how to eat spaghetti properly. Another subplot involves a corner store clerk who has to deal with an older woman  obsessed with squeezing food. The clerk\'s scene segues into a restaurant involving an investment scam and the intended victim, who turns out to be a conman himself. The man in the white suit is shot several times by an unknown assailant, to his lover\'s horror.'] ['The film\'s primary protagonists are Roy Knable , a couch potato, struggling Seattle plumbing salesman and former fencing athlete, and his neglected wife Helen , a senior vitamin product manager. After a fight , Mr. Spike  appears at the couples\' door, offering him a new high tech satellite dish system filled with 666 channels of programs one cannot view on the four big networks . What Roy doesn\'t know is that Spike  is an emissary from hell who wants to boost the influx of souls by arranging for TV junkies to be killed in the most gruesome and ironic situations imaginable. The \'candidates\' are sucked into a hellish television world, called Hell Vision, and put through a gauntlet where they must survive a number of satirical versions of sitcoms and movies. If they can survive for 24 hours they are free to go but if they get killed then their souls will go to Satan. The dish eventually sucks Roy and Helen into this warped world. They are pursued by Spike, who enters some shows along with the Knables in order to halt their advance. Roy and Spike continue to fight throughout several shows, even in a cloak-and-dagger scenario where Roy displays his long-buried talent as a fencer. Through tenacity and sheer luck, the Knables keep surviving, and their young son Darryl , who sees and recognizes his parents fighting for their lives on the TV set. He and his older sister Diane  are able to provide important assistance from the real world. This infuriates Spike to the point that he makes good on Roy\'s contract, releasing him but not Helen as she was not in the system under contract. Roy re-enters the system to save Helen, bringing his own remote control with him, allowing them to control their journey. Roy confronts Spike in a Salt-N-Pepa music video, manages to get a hold of Spike\'s remote and uses it to save Helen from being run over by a train in a western movie. By pressing the "off" button on the remote, they are evicted from the TV set moments before it sucks their neighbor\'s Rottweiler into the TV and it destroys itself. In the end, Spike gets eliminated by the Rottweiler on the command of Crowley , a vengeful employee he banished to the system earlier and is then succeeded in his executive position by Pierce , a younger upstart employee. Roy, who has learned a valuable lesson after his adventure, has dramatically cut back on his TV viewing and taken a new job as a fencing teacher.'] ['It is the story of a famous filmmaker Sandy Bates , who is plagued by fans who prefer his "earlier, funnier movies" to his more recent artistic efforts, while he tries to reconcile his conflicting attraction to two very different women: the earnest, intellectual Daisy , and the more maternal Isobel . Meanwhile, he is also haunted by memories of his ex-girlfriend, the mercurial Dorrie .'] ['The story opens with Tom Dobbs , a comedian and host of a satirical talk show who is able to tap into people\'s frustrations with the sharply divided, special interest-driven political climate. Specifically, he makes fun of the American two-party system. During his warm-up act, an audience member suggests that he run for President. At first, Dobbs laughs off the idea, but following a popular groundswell of support, later announces on the air that he will stand as a candidate. Through his efforts, he gets on the ballot in 13 states and participates in one of the national debates with the Democratic incumbent, President Kellogg, and Republican U.S. Senator Mills. A parallel plot follows Eleanor Green , who works at a voting machine company called Delacroy. According to a television commercial in the movie, the entire United States will be using Delacroy voting machines for the Presidential election. Shortly before the elections, Eleanor notices an error in the voting system, but the head of the company, James Hemmings, purposefully ignores her warnings. Initially, Dobbs approaches the campaign seriously – perhaps too seriously, to the chagrin of his staff, especially his manager Jack Menken . That turns around the night of the Presidential debates, when, fed up with the other candidates\' posturing, Dobbs shifts back into comedian mode, managing to keep the audience laughing and make serious points simultaneously. From then on, he resumes his showman persona, thoroughly shaking up the political landscape. Dobbs surges in polls after the debates, but remains a distant third to Kellogg and Mills. Election Day arrives and polls show Dobbs at 17% with Kellogg and Mills tied in the 40s. Early returns show Kellogg beating Mills everywhere. Eleanor says that this is part of the error in the voting systems. Then, all of a sudden, Dobbs starts winning states. He soon stands at 146 electoral votes and the media reports that if he wins the remaining states whose ballot he is on, he will become President. Soon afterwards, results show that Tom Dobbs has indeed won the Presidential race, beating out Kellogg and Mills. Dobbs is extremely shocked – like the rest of the world. While Dobbs and his crew move from shock to celebration, Eleanor remains unconvinced. She considers revealing the computer error to the public, but is attacked in her home by Delacroy agents and injected with a cocktail of drugs. Upon going to work, she behaves extremely erratically and is hospitalized for drug abuse. The company uses this as a pretext to fire her. While recovering in the hospital, she realizes that very few people would believe her story, but decides that if nothing else, she must tell Dobbs. Though still suffering from the aftereffects of the drugs in her system, Eleanor eventually makes her way to Jack Menken\'s birthday party. There, she unconvincingly impersonates an FBI agent but manages to catch Dobbs\' eye; the two dance through the evening and Dobbs gives her his telephone number. Eleanor cannot bring herself to tell Dobbs that he is not really the President-Elect. Later, Dobbs tries to get back in contact with Eleanor by calling Delacroy. This immediately raises the suspicions of Delacroy\'s leaders and they redouble their efforts to silence Eleanor. Eleanor calls Dobbs and he whisks her off to a paintball fight, followed by Thanksgiving dinner. At dinner, she finally gets him alone to tell him that the elections were a fraud, then leaves. Dobbs wrestles with the idea that he should not have been elected as President and finally decides to break Eleanor\'s news to the public in a major speech. However, Delacroy pre-empts his announcement with one of their own, stating that Eleanor was caught attempting to throw the election for Dobbs, but that her efforts had no impact on the polls. Eleanor becomes increasingly fearful for her safety, a feeling that is soon justified as Delacroy agents break into the hotel room where she is staying to confiscate her computer, which contained the only evidence she had. Desperate, Eleanor first flees to a mall, where she is found by a Delacroy agent but escapes. She then drives to find a pay phone so that she can call Dobbs for help. She manages to reach him but is not able to communicate anything before the Delacroy agent\'s truck crashes into the phone booth on purpose; she escapes just before the collision but is injured and hospitalized a second time. Dobbs goes to the scene and, though he cannot understand what she is trying to say, is convinced that she was telling the truth about the election. During the "Weekend Update" segment of the sketch comedy TV show [Saturday Night Live]], he finally announces to the public that the elections were flawed and that he should not be President. Dobbs declines to accept victory in a phony election and another election is held, in which Dobbs chooses not to participate. President Kellogg wins another term, though, perhaps chastened by the Dobbs phenomenon, is much more sensitive to the populace as a whole rather than the special interests, and Dobbs returns to his career as a talk show host, with Eleanor at his side as his producer and wife. The Delacroy executives are convicted of fraud. The last seconds of the film shows a mock TIME magazine cover with Dobbs chosen as Person of the Year.'] ['Agent Russell Edward \'Rush\' Blake  is able to promote the singing tenor waiter Buddy Clayton  as a major radio star whilst Buddy\'s wife Peggy Cornell  loses out. In the end, Peggy does not lose Buddy to his "twenty million sweethearts" - his female fans.allmovie (( * Pat O\'Brien as Russell Edward \'Rush\' Blake * Dick Powell as Buddy Clayton * Ginger Rogers as Peggy Cornell * Ted Fio Rito as Himself * Allen Jenkins as \'Uncle\' Pete * Grant Mitchell as Chester A. Sharpe * Joseph Cawthorn as Mr. Herbert \'Herbie\' Brokman * Joan Wheeler as Marge, the Receptionist * Henry O\'Neill as Lemuel Tappan * Johnny Arthur as Norma Hanson\'s Secretary * The Mills Brothers as Themselves * The Radio Rogues as Themselves'] ['In a high school classroom, The Lecturer tells the assembly of anxious parents about the evils of marijuana . With the help of his assistant, Blumsack, he then launches into the tragic tale of one boy\'s struggles with the demon weed. Jimmy Harper is a fine upstanding youth, blessed with the love of the fair Mary Lane. The two are sure they will live happily ever after and  compare their relationship to that of William Shakespeare\'s greatest love story . However, across town, the sadistic weed-pusher, Jack Stone, and his cronies, neurotic whore Sally DeBanis, and former college student Ralph Wiley, are living in the depths of depravity. Jack\'s moll, Mae Coleman, explains how she came to live in such a state and how she would leave Jack if he didn\'t give her the marijuana she so craves . Meanwhile, Jack goes out to recruit new addicts at Miss Poppy\'s soda counter . There, he meets Jimmy, whom he lures back to the house and offers a stick of reefer. After one puff, Jimmy becomes an addict . He forgets about Mary Lane, who sits alone in church, waiting for him . One night, Jimmy and Ralph break into the church in order to steal from the collection plate for drug money. Jesus comes down from the cross and, in a musical revue hosted by Joan of Arc, exhorts Jimmy to kick the habit . But Jimmy\'s too deep into his habit to be saved; he has a new God now. He goes back to the Reefer Den, and to Sally, where he finds out that Sally, desperate for drug money, sold her baby to the black market. One dark night, Jimmy and Sally are driving wildly back to the house, stoned, when their car hits and kills an old man. Sally runs away. Jimmy, scared straight, drives in a panic to Mary\'s house, where he tells her he still loves her . However he realizes that by staying with her he is putting her in danger and tells her that he has to leave town without her. Mary then insists on going with him, saying "If Romeo has to run away, then so does Juliet." Jimmy tells her to go inside and pack, then sneaks away, hoping for a new start somewhere else, where Mary won\'t be harmed. But Jack knows that if the police catch Jimmy, his \'reefer empire\' will be shattered. He waits for Jimmy at Mary\'s house and offers him an innocent-looking chocolate brownie, which turns out to be a marijuana brownie. Jimmy eats the brownie and immediately forgets all about Mary . Jimmy goes back to the Reefer Den. But this time, Mary pursues him, planning to rescue him. Instead, Ralph ensnares her with his fraternity jacket and a puff of reefer . He soon finds out that he has unleashed more than he can deal with, as Mary transforms from your simple high school sweetheart into a sadistic, whip-cracking dominatrix who begins to rape Ralph. Jimmy comes downstairs to find Mary taking advantage of Ralph. He angrily attacks Ralph and the two begin fighting. Jack comes in and attempts to break up the fight, while Mae reprimands them for corrupting someone as innocent as Mary. During the scuffle, Jack\'s gun goes off and Mary is shot through the heart . Jimmy holds her, but it is too late; she dies in his arms. The police appear, summoned by the gunshot, and Jack fingers Jimmy as the killer. He is carted off by the officers . The radio reveals that Jimmy has been sent to death row. Upon hearing this news, Ralph goes insane, thinking that Jimmy, Mary , and the rest of the youths whose lives have been ruined by marijuana, are stalking him from beyond the grave . Spooked, Jack and Mae go out for food while Sally stays behind to look after the raving Ralph. When they return, they find that Ralph, in the throes of reefer-induced hunger pangs, has murdered Sally and cannibalized her body. Jack shoots him several times, but Ralph continues to get up, his strength increased while he is in the throes of "Reefer Madness" he collapses in the backyard, but disappears when Jack goes to check the body. Jack looks up to see Ralph leap down from the trees only to be impaled on the scarecrow. But now Mae is having visions of Jimmy, Mary, Sally, and Ralph, all accusing. To regain her sanity the only way she knows, she hacks Jack to death with a garden hoe and kicks the habit once and for all ("The Stuff . When Mae reads in the daily paper that the president will be coming to town to visit a sick child, she becomes determined to talk to him and gain a Presidential pardon for Jimmy. They burst into the electrocution chamber at the last second and free the doomed Jimmy, who joins them in their crusade to tell the world about the evils of marijuana. They travel back to the reefer den, where Jimmy torches the crop. Mary appears, haloed and freed from hell by his heroic destruction of property. She promises to wait for him in heaven . The Lecturer\'s presentation ends; the entire audience joins the suddenly real film cast to explain how they will join the fight against things they don\'t understand, ("Reefer Madness , thus connecting the 1930s crusade against marijuana, with the Hollywood Hays Code and prejudice directed at racial and ethnic minorities, immigrants, labor unions, gays and lesbians. As the film ends, the galvanized townsfolk hold a huge anti-reefer bonfire, in a scene similar to the book burnings that took place in Germany in the 1930s, as well continuing the film\'s theme of associating marijuana prohibition with other campaigns against minorities and dissent, with the Lecturer promising, as he drives away, "When danger\'s near exploit their fear."'] ['In 1954 Baltimore, Wade "Cry-Baby" Walker is the leader of a gang of "Drapes", which includes his teenage mom sister Pepper, facially disfigured Mona "Hatchet Face" Malnorowski, wild and free-spirited Wanda Woodward, and Milton Hackett, the nervous son of overzealous religious activists. His ability to shed a single tear drives all the girls wild. One day after school, he is approached by Allison Vernon-Williams, a pretty girl tired of being a "square", and the two fall in love. That same day, Cry-Baby approaches the "square" part of town to a talent show  at the recreation center where Allison\'s grandmother hosts events, and introduces himself to her, who is skeptical of his motives. Cry-Baby invites Allison to a party at Turkey Point, a local hangout spot for the drapes. Despite her grandmother\'s skepticism, Allison accompanies Cry-Baby to Turkey Point and sings with the drapes . As Cry-Baby and Allison tell each other about their orphan lives , Allison\'s jealous square boyfriend, Baldwin, starts a riot. Cry-Baby is blamed for the fight and sent to a penitentiary, outraging all his friends and even Allison\'s grandmother, who is impressed by Cry-Baby\'s posture, manners, and musical talent. As Lenora Frigid, a girl with a crush on Cry-Baby but constantly rejected by him, claims to be pregnant with his child, Allison feels betrayed and returns to Baldwin and the squares, though her grandmother advises her against rushing into a decision. Meanwhile, in the penitentiary, Cry-Baby gets a teardrop tattoo. He tells the tattoo artist, fellow drape Dupree : "I\'ve been hurt all my life, but real tears wash away. This one\'s for Allison, and I want it to last forever!". Eventually, Allison is persuaded by the newly-established alliance between the Drapes and her grandmother to stand by Cry-Baby and join the campaign for his release . Cry-Baby is released but immediately insulted by Baldwin who, after revealing that his grandfather is the one who electrocuted Cry-Baby\'s father, challenges him to a chicken race. Cry-Baby wins, as Baldwin chickens out, and is reunited with Allison. The film ends with all watching the chicken race crying a single tear, all except for Allison and Cry-Baby, who has finally let go of the past, enabling him to cry from both eyes.'] ['Wayne Campbell ([[Mike Myers  and Garth Algar  are the hosts of Wayne\'s World, a local Friday late-night cable access program based in Aurora, Illinois, where they ogle pictures of beautiful celebrity women, play guitar and air drums, and interview local people, indirectly making fun of them over the course of the interview. The program is popular with local viewers. One day Benjamin Kane , a television station executive, is visiting a girlfriend  who turns the TV to the show. When she tells him how many people watch the show, he instructs his producer Russell Finley  to find out where the show is taped, telling him they may have an opportunity for a huge sponsorship. Benjamin shows up next week in Wayne\'s basement and introduces himself after the show ends. He offers to buy the rights to the show for $10,000  and to keep Wayne and Garth on for what he describes as a "huge" salary. Garth then covertly speaks to the audience, sensing he has a bad feeling that Wayne is selling out, but he is too shy to confront Wayne about it. Following the purchase of the show, it is quickly "reinvented", complete with a weekly interview guaranteed to Noah Vanderhoff , the show\'s sponsor. The first reinvented show is also their last, as Wayne holds up a series of cards with questions on the front and, unknowingly to Vanderhoff, insulting phrases on the back such as "Sphincter Boy" , "He blows goats...I have proof" and "This man has no penis", prompting Benjamin to call Wayne up to the control booth and fire him on the spot. At the same time, Wayne\'s blossoming relationship with hard rock vocalist and bassist Cassandra , the frontwoman of a band named Crucial Taunt, leads to a rift forming between Wayne and Garth. It erupts when Wayne walks out on the show after getting fired for writing rude comments and gestures on the back of some cue cards, leaving Garth to a bout of stage fright for the rest of the show. The two separate, but later make up after Wayne breaks up with Cassandra following an argument between them over Benjamin. While making up with Garth, Wayne remembers a limo belonging to record executive Frankie Sharp  outside an Alice Cooper concert in Milwaukee. He also remembers that a security guard at the concert  said that Sharp would be riding through Chicago later that day and forms a plan with Garth to get her back. With everyone in the donut shop helping, Wayne is able to convince Cassandra, who is at a video shoot directed by Benjamin, to leave the shoot with the band and head back to Aurora with him to perform on the show. Garth, meanwhile, hacks into a satellite system and is able to route the signal from the broadcast into the television set in Sharp\'s limo. In the meantime, the police keep Benjamin at bay and leave him unable to enter the house until the show\'s over. Nearing the end of Cassandra\'s song, Frankie Sharp and Benjamin enter the basement. Once the song is finished, Frankie says to Cassandra that it is the wrong time to sign her band, causing her to become infuriated with Wayne. Wayne is called small-time by Benjamin just before he leaves with Cassandra, and Wayne\'s crazy ex-girlfriend Stacy  comes in to announce to Wayne that she is pregnant. Suddenly, an electrical fire starts from the broadcasting equipment and consumes the house. While Wayne walks out of the burned-down house with an injured Garth, Cassandra lies in paradise with Benjamin. Wayne and Garth then decide they don\'t like that ending, and decide to do the "Scooby-Doo ending" instead. Wayne then pulls off Benjamin\'s face, revealing that he is actually Old Man Withers, who then remarks, true to Scooby-Doo form, "And I would have gotten away with it, too, if it hadn\'t been for you snooping kids!" After this, Garth imitates Scooby-Doo by saying "Good One, Shaggy." Wayne and Garth then decide to do the "mega happy ending", where Frankie gives Cassandra a six album record deal, Wayne and Cassandra kiss, Russell and the crew member who keeps saying "I love you" get together, while he announces how he discovered that "platonic love can exist between two grown men", Noah is glad people are seeing him in a new light after he started sponsoring Wayne\'s World, Benjamin realizes being successful doesn\'t get you everything, and Garth finally gets his dream girl .'] ['Howard Beale , the longtime anchor of the UBS Evening News, learns from news division president Max Schumacher  that he has just two more weeks on the air because of declining ratings. The two old friends get roaring drunk and lament the state of their industry. The following night, Beale announces on live television that he will commit suicide on next Tuesday\'s broadcast.Because Chayefsky started writing the screenplay during the same month that newscaster Christine Chubbuck committed on-air suicide, some, including Matthew C. Ehrlich in Journalism in the Movies , have speculated  that the scene was inspired by Chubbuck\'s manner of death. UBS fires him after this incident, but Schumacher intervenes so that Beale can have a dignified farewell. Beale promises he will apologize for his outburst, but once on the air, he launches back into a rant claiming that life is "bullshit". Beale\'s outburst causes the newscast\'s ratings to spike, and much to Schumacher\'s dismay, the upper echelons of UBS decide to exploit Beale\'s antics rather than pull him off the air. In one impassioned diatribe, Beale galvanizes the nation, persuading his viewers to shout out of their windows "I\'m as mad as hell, and I\'m not going to take this anymore!".  Diana Christensen  heads the network\'s programming department; seeking just one hit show, she cuts a deal with a band of radical terrorists  for a new docudrama series called the Mao-Tse Tung Hour for the upcoming fall season. When Beale\'s ratings seem to have topped out, Christensen approaches Schumacher and offers to help him "develop" the news show. He says no to the professional offer, but not to the personal one, and the two begin an affair. When Schumacher decides to end the "Howard as Angry Man" format, Christensen convinces her boss, Frank Hackett , to slot the evening news show under the entertainment division so that she can develop it. Hackett agrees, bullies the UBS executives to consent, and fires Schumacher at the same time. Soon after, Beale is hosting a new program called The Howard Beale Show, top-billed as "the mad prophet of the airwaves". Ultimately, the show becomes the most highly rated program on television, and Beale finds new celebrity preaching his angry message in front of a live studio audience that, on cue, chants Beale\'s signature catchphrase en masse: "We\'re as mad as hell, and we\'re not going to take this anymore." At first, Max\'s and Diana\'s romance withers as the show flourishes, but in the flush of high ratings, the two ultimately find their ways back together, and Schumacher leaves his wife of over 25 years for Christensen. But Christensen\'s fanatical devotion to her job and emotional emptiness ultimately drive Max back to his wife, and he warns his former lover that she will self-destruct at the pace she is running with her career. "You are television incarnate, Diana," he tells her, "indifferent to suffering, insensitive to joy. All of life is reduced to the common rubble of banality." When Beale discovers that CCA, the conglomerate that owns UBS, will be bought out by an even larger Saudi Arabian conglomerate, he launches an on-screen tirade against the deal, encouraging viewers to send telegrams to the White House telling them, "I want the CCA deal stopped now!" This throws the top network brass into a state of panic because the company\'s debt load has made merger essential for survival. Hackett takes Beale to meet with CCA chairman Arthur Jensen , who explicates his own "corporate cosmology" to the attentive Beale. Jensen delivers a tirade of his own in an "appropriate setting," the dramatically darkened CCA boardroom, that suggests to the docile Beale that Jensen may himself be some higher power — describing the interrelatedness of the participants in the international economy, and the illusory nature of nationality distinctions. Jensen persuades Beale to abandon the populist messages and preach his new "evangel". But television audiences find his new sermons on the dehumanization of society to be depressing, and ratings begin to slide, yet Jensen will not allow UBS executives to fire Beale. Seeing its two-for-the-price-of-one value — solving the Beale problem plus sparking a boost in season-opener ratings — Christensen, Hackett, and the other executives decide to hire the Ecumenical Liberation Army to assassinate Beale on the air; the assassination succeeds, putting an end to The Howard Beale Show and kicking off a second season of The Mao-Tse Tung Hour. The film ends with the narrator stating: {{bquote}}'] ['While performing on Lake Springfield, rock band Green Day are killed when pollution in the lake dissolves their barge, following an audience revolt after frontman Billie Joe Armstrong proposes an environmental discussion. At a memorial service, Grampa has a prophetic vision in which he predicts the impending doom of the town, but only Marge takes it seriously. Then Homer dares Bart to skate naked and he does so. Lisa and an Irish boy named Colin, with whom she has fallen in love, hold a meeting where they convince the town to clean up the lake. Meanwhile, Homer adopts a pig from Krusty Burger and names it "Spider Pig" . Homer seems to show more love for the pig than he does for Bart which causes Bart to reconnect with Flanders. Homer stores the pig\'s feces  in an overflowing silo which Marge tells him to dispose of safely. Homer takes the silo and Plopper to the dump to get rid of the waste, but during a line-up of safe trash disposal, he receives a phone call from Lenny, who tells him that Lard Lad Donuts has been shut down and free donuts are being given out. Homer grows impatient and instead dumps the silo in the lake, re-polluting it to an even more severe degree. Moments later, a chipmunk jumps into the lake and becomes severely mutated. Nearby, Flanders and Bart discover the chipmunk during a hike, and the EPA captures it. Russ Cargill, head of the EPA, presents five "unthinkable" options to U.S. President Schwarzenegger to keep the town\'s pollution contained; Schwarzenegger randomly picks option three, enclosing Springfield in a large glass dome. When the police discover Homer\'s silo in the lake, an angry mob of townspeople approach the Simpsons\' home with pitchforks and torches and attempt to kill them, but the family escape through a sinkhole that leads to the outside of the dome. They find a room to stay in for the night and Homer tells them that he has a plan; flee to Alaska to start a new life. The trapped citizens damage the dome over time and Cargill, not wanting news of what he has done to become widespread, plans to destroy Springfield. In Alaska, the Simpsons see an advertisement starring Tom Hanks, for a new Grand Canyon to be located on the site where Springfield is located. Marge and the kids want to go and save the town, but Homer refuses to help the people who tried to kill them. The family abandon Homer and leaves Alaska by train heading to Seattle, but are captured by the EPA upon arrival and then put back into the dome. After a visit from a mysterious Inuit shaman who saves him from a polar bear, Homer has an epiphany and believes he must save the town in order to save himself. As he arrives at Springfield to do so, a helicopter lowers a bomb suspended by rope through a hole in the dome. Homer climbs to the peak of the dome and descends the rope, knocking the escaping townspeople and bomb off. Homer takes the bomb and a motorcycle. After reuniting with Bart, they drive up the side of the dome and Bart throws the bomb through the hole, seconds before detonation. The bomb explodes, shattering the dome, freeing everybody. Cargill, angry at them for ruining his plan, arrives and is about to shoot Homer with a shotgun, but gets knocked out when Maggie drops a rock on his head. The town finally praises Homer, who kisses Marge on the motorcycle before riding off into the sunrise with her and Maggie. The townspeople begin restoring Springfield back to normal.'] ['The plot of Stand-In concerns the takeovers of Hollywood studios that occurred during the Great Depression. Fowler Pettypacker , a Wall Street banker, is debating whether or not to accept an offer from Ivor Nassau  to buy "Colossal Pictures," a fictional film studio on Poverty Row. The studio has not been turning a profit, but financial analyst Atterbury Dodd  advises against selling. He stakes his reputation on his mathematical calculations that show Colossal should turn a profit. The bank sends Dodd to Hollywood as the new head of the studio. Colossal\'s star actress, Thelma Cheri , eccentric foreign director Koslofski , and press agent Tom Potts  are conspiring with Nassau to sabotage the studio. They are deliberately running up costs on producer Douglas Quintain\'s  jungle feature, Sex and Satan so that the film flops and the studio goes bankrupt. In Hollywood, Dodd meets Lester Plum , a cheerful former child star currently working as a stand-in for Cheri. Lester teaches Dodd about the business of filmmaking and eventually becomes his secretary. Under Lester\'s tutelage, Dodd comes to see that the workers are more than just numbers. Lester falls in love with Dodd, but he is initially oblivious to her feelings. When Dodd is unimpressed by a viewing of Sex and Satan, Koslofski puts the blame squarely on Quintain. Quintain had discovered Cheri and made her a star, falling in love with her in the process, but she sides with Koslofski. As a result, Dodd fires Quintain. After an audience preview confirms that the film is awful , Dodd seeks out the heartbroken producer. Once he sobers up from his drunken binge, Quintain comes up with the idea to salvage the film by cutting down Cheri\'s part and expanding the ape\'s. However, before they can do so, Pettypacker telephones Dodd, informing him that he has sold the studio to Nassau, and that Dodd is fired. Dodd convinces the initially hostile workers into rallying behind him to finish the film. Then, he asks Plum to marry him.'] ['The film consists of two stories that are unrelated and have different actors, titled "Fiction" and "Non-Fiction." "Fiction," starring Selma Blair, is about a group of college students in a creative writing class taught by a professor who has affairs with his students. "Non-Fiction," starring Paul Giamatti and John Goodman, is about the filming of a high school student and his family through the college application process.'] ["After the death of his wife, Gurupada Mitter , an advocate, has not been at peace. He and his daughter Buchki , meet Birinchi . Birinchi Baba claims to be ageless. He tells stories from the past; about his arguments with 'Plato' about time, how he taught E=mc^2 to Einstein, and was on first-name terms with Jesu  and Gautam . Birinchi Baba has a growing band of rich devotees. Gurupada decides to patronize the holy man and become his disciple. Daughter Buchki is disappointed with her lover Satya. To teach him a lesson, she tells Satya that she is going to leave him and become a disciple of Birinchi Baba. Satya turns to his friend Nibaran for his help. It does not take Nibaran long to realize that Birinchi Baba is a fraud. Nibaran and friends expose Birinchi Baba. The devotees feel foolish and perhaps have learnt a lesson."] ["In the play, all the roles are played by prostitutes or their clients, and each actor  plays two roles, one in the brothel and the other in the play. King Herod  begs his young stepdaughter Salome  to dance for him, promising to give her anything she desires, much to the irritation of her mother, Herodias . Salome ignores him, choosing instead to try and seduce John the Baptist, who is Herod's prisoner. John responds by loudly condemning both Herod and Salome in the name of God. A spurned and vengeful Salome then agrees to dance for Herod — on the condition that she be given anything she asks for. Herod agrees, but it is only after the dance is over that Salome asks for the head of John the Baptist on a platter. Herod is appalled, tries to dissuade her, but finally gives in to her request. The scenes from the play are interwoven with images of Wilde's exploits at the brothel."] ['Ellie Parker is a semi-autobiographical story of an Australian actress struggling to make it in Hollywood. Ellie is young enough to still go to auditions back and forth across L.A., changing wardrobes and slapping on makeup en route, but just old enough that the future feels "more like a threat than a promise". She lives with her vacuous musician boyfriend , who leaves her just about as dissatisfied as any other part of her life, and has a loose definition of the word "fidelity". Helping make sense of their surreal and humiliating Hollywood existence is her best friend Sam , another out-of-work actress trying her hand at design, who attends acting classes with Ellie to stay sharp. When Ellie gets into a fender bender with a guy who claims he\'s a cinematographer , her perspective on her work and the dating world starts to change. Chevy Chase also makes an appearance in this series of Hollywood vignettes, playing Ellie\'s agent.'] ['Opening in a small Kansas town, Betty , a kind and considerate diner waitress, is a fan of the soap opera A Reason to Love. She has no idea that her husband, Del , a car salesman, is having an affair with his secretary and that he intends to leave Betty to pursue a relationship with the secretary. She also doesn\'t know that her husband supplements his income by selling drugs out of the car dealership. When she calls to leave a message about borrowing a Buick LeSabre for her birthday, her husband tells Betty to take a different car, as the LeSabre  has stolen drugs hidden in the trunk. Two hitmen, Charlie and Wesley , show up at the house with Betty\'s husband. The hitmen torture Betty\'s husband into revealing that he has hidden the drugs in the trunk of a car, but Wesley wants to scalp him anyway. Betty witnesses the murder and experiences a fugue state, escaping the reality of murder into the comforting fantasy of the soap opera. In her mind, she assumes the identity of one of the characters in the daytime drama, a nurse. That evening, Sheriff Eldon Ballard , local reporter , and several policemen examine the crime scene while Betty calmly packs a suitcase. She seems oblivious to the murder, even with the investigation going on right in her house. At the police station, a psychiatrist examines her. Betty spends the night at her friend\'s house, sleeping in a child\'s bedroom with the innocence of a little girl. In the middle of the night, she gets into her car and drives off. Betty\'s next stop is a bar in Arizona, where the lady bartender talks about her inspiring vacation in Rome, and Betty tells her that she was once engaged to a famous surgeon . Meanwhile, the two hitmen are trying to find her, as they have finally realized that she must have the car with the drugs. As they search, Charlie begins falling in love with his image of Betty, to Wesley\'s consternation. In Los Angeles, Betty tries to get a job as a nurse while looking for her long-lost "ex-fiancé." She is turned down due to having "forgotten" her résumé and references but manages to get a job in the pharmacy due to her help in saving the life of the victim of a drive-by shooting. Despite an injunction against touching any patients, Betty becomes popular with them and their families. She ends up living with Rosa , a Hispanic legal secretary who has had a series of painful love affairs and offers to help Betty find her surgeon friend. Rosa learns that "David" is just a soap opera character, and she goes to the pharmacy window to confront her. Betty thinks her friend is jealous and is impervious to the revelation. The lawyer has an idea and supplies tickets to a charity function where George McCord , the actor portraying David, will be appearing. Betty meets George at the function. George is inclined to dismiss her as an over-imaginative fan, but something about her compels him to walk back and talk to her some more. He begins to think that Betty is an actress determined to get a part in the soap opera, so he decides to play along. After three hours of her "staying in character," he takes her home. George begins falling in love with her, and he and his producer decide to bring her onto the show as a new character: Nurse Betty. When Betty arrives on set, she falls out of her fantasy world back into real life, as seeing the inner workings of a television show snaps her back into reality. After two failed takes, she realizes that she is on a set and that the people she thought were real are just characters portrayed by actors. George confronts her for being a "crazy person," and Betty walks out. Now recovered, Betty begins to tell Rosa what happened when the two hitmen come into the house to decide what to do with them after they find the car with the drugs outside Rosa\'s house. The killers are in turn interrupted by the reporter and Sheriff Ballard from Betty\'s hometown who have also tracked her down. A standoff ensues in which Ballard pulls out a gun from an ankle holster and shoots and kills Wesley, who is distracted by watching a re-run airing of A Reason to Love. At this point, Wesley is revealed to be Charlie\'s son. Charlie, rather than be arrested, decides not to kill Betty and commits suicide in the bathroom. George offers Betty a job on the show. She appears in 63 episodes and takes a vacation in Rome. Betty later plans to pursue nursing as a career.'] ["A female tax auditor, Ryōko Itakura, inspects the accounts of various Japanese companies, uncovering hidden incomes and recovering unpaid taxes. One day she persuades her boss to let her investigate the owner of a string of love hotels who seems to be avoiding tax, but after an investigation no evidence is found. During the investigation the inspector and the inspected owner, Hideki Gondō, develop an unspoken respect for each other. She is promoted to the post of government tax inspector. When the same case reappears she is again allowed to investigate. During a sophisticated series of raids against the hotel owner's interests, she accidentally comes across a hidden room containing vital incriminating evidence. On the same day, she helps Gondō with his relationship with his teenage son. Six months later the two meet again. The man is tired after daily interrogations. She tries to persuade him to surrender his last secrets for the sake of his son. After she declines an offer to live with him, he cuts his finger and writes the name of the secret bank account in blood on a handkerchief of hers that he saved from the first time she investigated him."] ['The nameless narrator  is a traveling automobile company employee who suffers from insomnia. His doctor refuses to give him medication and advises him to visit a support group to witness more severe suffering. The narrator attends a support group for testicular cancer victims and, after fooling them into thinking that he is a fellow victim, finds an emotional release that relieves his insomnia. He becomes addicted to attending support groups and pretending to be a victim, but the presence of another impostor, Marla Singer , disturbs him, so he negotiates with her to avoid their meeting at the same groups. After a flight home from a business trip, the narrator finds his apartment destroyed by an explosion. He calls Tyler Durden , a soap salesman whom he befriended on the flight, and they meet at a bar. A conversation about consumerism leads to Tyler inviting the narrator to stay at his place; outside the bar he requests that the narrator hit him. The two engage in a fistfight, and the narrator subsequently moves into Tyler\'s dilapidated house. They have further fights outside the bar, and these attract a crowd of men. The fighting moves to the bar\'s basement where the men form a "fight club". Marla overdoses on pills and telephones the narrator for help; he ignores her, but Tyler answers the call and saves her. Tyler and Marla become sexually involved, and Tyler warns the narrator never to talk to Marla about him. More fight clubs form across the country, and under Tyler\'s leadership, they become the anti-materialist and anti-corporate organization called "Project Mayhem". The narrator complains to Tyler that he wants to be more involved in the organization, but Tyler suddenly disappears. When a member of Project Mayhem is killed by the police during a botched sabotage operation, the narrator tries to shut down the project, and follows evidence of Tyler\'s national travels to track him down. In one city, a Project member greets the narrator as Tyler Durden. The narrator calls Marla from his hotel room and discovers that Marla also believes him to be Tyler. He suddenly sees Tyler in his room, and Tyler explains that they are dissociated personalities in the same body. Tyler controls the narrator\'s body when the narrator is asleep. The narrator blacks out after the conversation. When he wakes, he discovers from his telephone log that Tyler made calls during his blackout. He uncovers Tyler\'s plans to erase debt by destroying buildings that contain credit card companies\' records. The narrator tries to contact the police but finds that the officers are members of the Project. He attempts to disarm explosives in a building, but Tyler subdues him and moves to a safe building to watch the destruction. The narrator, held by Tyler at gunpoint, realizes that in sharing the same body with Tyler, he himself is actually holding the gun. He fires it into his mouth, shooting through the cheek without killing himself. Tyler collapses with an exit wound to the back of his head, and the narrator stops mentally projecting him. Afterward, Project Mayhem members bring a kidnapped Marla to him, believing him to be Tyler, and leave them alone. The explosives detonate, collapsing the buildings, and the narrator and Marla watch the scene, holding hands.'] ['Sam Lowry  is a low-level government employee, who has frequent daydreams of saving a beautiful maiden. One day he is assigned the task of trying to rectify an error caused by a fly getting jammed in a printer, which caused it to misprint a file, resulting in the incarceration and death during interrogation of Mr. Archibald Buttle instead of the suspected "terrorist", Archibald Tuttle. When Sam visits Buttle\'s widow, he discovers Jill Layton , the upstairs neighbour of the Buttles, and is astonished to see that she has the face of the woman from his recurring dreams. Jill is trying to help Mrs. Buttle find out what happened to her husband, but has become sick of dealing with the bureaucracy. Unbeknownst to her, she is now considered a terrorist friend of Tuttle for attempting to report the mistake of Buttle\'s arrest in Tuttle\'s place to a bureaucracy that would not admit such an error. When Sam tries to approach her, she is very cautious and avoids giving Sam full details, worried the government will track her down. During this time, Sam comes in contact with the real Tuttle , a renegade air conditioning specialist who once worked for the government but left due to his dislike of paperwork. Tuttle helps Sam deal with two Central Services workers, Spoor  and Dowser , who later return to demolish Sam\'s ducts and seize his apartment under the guise of fixing the air conditioning. Sam discovers that the only way to learn about Jill is to get transferred to Information Retrieval, where he would have access to her classified records. He requests the help of his mother, Ida , vainly addicted to rejuvenating plastic surgery under the care of cosmetic surgeon Dr. Jaffe , as she has connections to high-ranking officers and is able to help her son get the position. Delighted that her son has finally shown ambition &ndash; having previously turned down similar offers from her &ndash; Ida arranges for Sam\'s promotion. Sam eventually obtains Jill\'s records and tracks her down before she is arrested, then falsifies her records to make her appear deceased, allowing her to escape the bureaucracy. The two share a romantic night together, but they are quickly apprehended by the government at gunpoint. Charged with treason for abusing his newly acquired position, Sam is restrained to a chair in a large, empty cylindrical room , to be tortured by his old "friend", Jack Lint , who is wearing a mask seen earlier in Sam\'s dreams and had previously renounced their friendship in favour of loyalty to the Ministry. Sam also learns that Jill had been killed resisting arrest. However, before Jack manages to begin the torture, Tuttle and other members of the resistance break into the Ministry. The resistance shoots Jack, rescues Sam, and blows up the Ministry building as they flee. Sam and Tuttle run off together, but Tuttle disappears amid a mass of scraps of paper from the destroyed Ministry. Sam runs to his mother attending a funeral for a friend who died of excessive cosmetic surgery. Finding his mother now looking like Jill and fawned over by a flock of juvenile admirers, Sam falls into the open casket, falling through an empty black void. He lands in a world from his daydreams, and attempts escape up a pile of flex-ducts from the police and imaginary monsters. He finds a door at the top of the pile and, passing through it, is surprised to find himself in a trailer driven by Jill. The two drive away from the city together. However, this "happy ending" is all a product of Sam\'s delusions: Sam is still strapped to the chair and observed by Jack and Deputy Minister Mr. Helpmann , who is portrayed along the film as a good "friend" of Sam\'s family. Realising that Sam has grown catatonic, with a smile on his face and humming "Brazil", the two declare Sam a lost cause, and exit the room as the film ends.'] ["Lawrence 'Rip' Smith , disappointed with inaccuracies from polling results, searches for a community in the middle of the United States that can give perfect results when used for polling. When he finally finds a town where citizens' opinions perfectly mirror those of the American people as a whole, he sets up an undercover operation there. Over time, he gets involved with town inhabitants, and eventually the true nature of his operation is revealed. The town transforms almost overnight; citizens, aware of their special status, begin giving outlandish polling answers instead of the sensible ones they gave in the past. The town's reputation is ruined, together with Smith's plan. Smith however decides to save the town from itself."] ['Butler Grosvenor  discovers at breakfast that the family silver has been stolen by the latest tramp, Ambrose, whom Emily Kilbourne  had taken under her wing as the chauffeur, in her latest attempt to reform fallen and destitute men, much to the exasperation of the rest of the family. A distressed Emily swears off taking in any more tramps to the delight of the rest of the family. However, later in the morning, a new dusty tramp Wade Rawlins  appears at the doorstep and is immediately adopted by Emily Kilbourne, despite the rude efforts of Grosvenor and Emily\'s daughters Geraldine "Jerry"  and Marion . Further attempts to convince Mrs. Kilborne to get rid of this latest tramp are blissfully ignored. The tramp, Rawlins , appointed as the new replacement chauffeur is set up in the servant\'s quarters. He is overheard talking to himself while cleaning up by the butler and suspected to be crazy. Jerry and Marion see the spruced up tramp looking the perfect gentleman and Jerry likes his later putting in place Jerry\'s arrogant wannabee boyfriend, Herbert Wheeler . They now have second thoughts when their father, Henry Kilbourne , who has returned from work tells Emily that he is putting his foot down and orders getting rid of the new tramp the next day. A comedy of errors, nighttime interludes with drunken family behavior, the arrogant boyfriend making a move at Jerry, follows with the rescue of the damsel in distress who has also somehow misplaced her keys where some delightful flirting ensues, resulting in Jerry falling in love with Wade. Marion also expresses a crush on Wade. The next day, Emily Kilbourne, despite orders to get rid of Wade, trains him to be a footman at the important dinner party that evening for Senator Harlan . That evening through a contrived prank by Marion, the new chauffeur and now footman is accidentally invited to the important dinner party for Senator Harlan, who takes quite a liking to him, as does his daughter Minerva . The next morning, the family finds Wade occupying the guest room. It is impossible to throw him out, as it is discovered that he is now a confidante of Senator Harlan and his daughter\'s target of affection. Jerry is consumed with jealousy, as she sees Minerva flirting with Wade at golf later that morning. After a fudge-making spat with Jerry, Wade takes the rest of the day off to settle his affairs. He has a strange interlude at a general store where the assistant George  thinks he is a ghost. Wade is nowhere to be found late in the evening when everyone has gone to bed, much to Jerry\'s dismay after waiting up to reconcile with him. The next morning at breakfast, the newspaper reports his death from a car crash, much to the shock and dismay of the family, the cook and the maid. After an epidemic of fainting seeing ghosts and pratfalls, Wade reappears, very much alive, to Jerry\'s immense relief.'] ['The film starts with Monti Ward , a male prostitute, dead in a jacuzzi. Then in a voice over, Monti describes the circumstances that led to his fate. Jürgen Anger , a writer from Europe, is in California researching a book on gay prostitution and pornographic scene in Hollywood. While touring on the Santa Monica Boulevard, he meets Monti hustling on the street and develops a crush on him. Throughout the movie we discover various facets of Monti, including committing a hit and run, crippling a fellow hustler named Eigil . Jürgen unsuccessfully follows the devastatingly handsome rent-boy. As Jurgen continues his pursuit of the young man, the film follows Monti through his typical routine of various sordid and bizarre encounters with hustlers, johns and pornographers.'] ['The film begins with aerial shots and soon shows closer footage of palm trees and waves crashing ashore. The camera concentrates on people; workers performing their daily chores and wealthy persons walking in the boulevards, sailing, playing games and relaxing at the Promenade des Anglais, as well as race car drivers competing in Grand Prix motor racing. After that, the film shows the poorer neighbourhood and poverty; women doing laundry and children playing their simple games in the streets. This is followed by a carnival; processions, masks and tourists dancing and celebrating. The film ends with images of statues and men working in a factory.'] ['The film opens with a scroll saying that when Alfred Hitchcock\'s film The Birds  was released, audiences laughed at the notion of birds revolting against humanity, but when an attack perpetrated by birds occurred in 1975, no one laughed. This is followed by a pre-credits sequence of a tomato rising out of a woman\'s garbage disposal unit. Her puzzlement turns into terror as the tomato draws her into a corner. Following the credits, the police investigate her death. One officer discovers that the red substance she is covered with is not blood, but tomato juice. A series of attacks perpetrated by tomatoes occur (including a man dying by drinking tomato juice made from a killer tomato, a boy heard being gobbled up by a killer tomato, and a sequence where the tomatoes attack innocent swimmers, in a parody of [[Jaws . While the President\'s press secretary Jim Richardson tries to convince the public that there is no credible threat, the president puts together a team of specialists to stop the tomatoes led by a Euro-American man named Mason Dixon. Dixon\'s team includes Sam Smith, a disguise expert who is seen at various points dressed as, among other things, George Washington, Abraham Lincoln and Adolf Hitler; Navy diver Greg Colburn; Olympic swimmer Gretta Attenbaum; and parachute-toting soldier Wilbur Finletter. Smith is sent out to infiltrate the tomatoes at a campfire, eventually blowing his cover while eating a hamburger and asking if anyone could "pass the ketchup." Colburn and Gretta are sent to sectors, while Finletter stays with Mason. Meanwhile, the president sends Richardson to the fictitious ad agency "Mind Makers," where executive Ted Swan spends huge amounts of money to develop virtually worthless ploys including a bumper sticker with "STP" for "Stop Tomato Program" on it, a satirical reference to both the real "whip inflation now" campaign with its widely ridiculed "WIN" slogan and STP motor oil decals and bumper stickers which were commonplace in the 1970s. It is revealed that a human is also plotting to stop Dixon when a masked assassin attempts to shoot him, but misses. A senate subcommittee meeting is held where one secret pamphlet is leaked to a newspaper editor who sends Lois Fairchild on the story. While she tails Finletter, he mistakes her for a spy and trashes a hotel room attempting to kill her. He then chases the assassin as the masked man fails again to kill Dixon, but loses him. Gretta is killed and further regression has led leaders to bring in tanks and soldiers to the west coast in a battle that leaves the American forces in shambles. Dixon, walking among the rubble, sees a trail of tomato juice and decides to investigate. He ends up being chased by a killer tomato to an apartment where an oblivious child is listening to the radio. The tomato is about to kill Dixon but suddenly flies out the window. Dixon peers out to see if it has died when he spots the assassin hijacking his car. He chases the assassin until he is knocked out when it is revealed that Richardson is behind the tomatoes. He is about to reveal his secret of control when Finletter charges in and runs him through. Dixon, picking up some strewn records, realizes that both times the tomatoes left him the new hit song "Puberty Love" had been on the radio. He orders Finletter to gather all remaining people and bring them to the stadium, which is soon attacked by the tomatoes. The tomatoes are cornered in a stadium. "Puberty Love" is played over the loudspeaker, causing the tomatoes to shrink and allowing the various people at the stadium to squash them by stomping on them repeatedly. Fairchild, meanwhile, is cornered by a giant tomato wearing earmuffs. Dixon saves her by showing the tomato the sheet music to "Puberty Love." He professes his love to her, in song. The film ends with a carrot that rises from the Earth and says "All right, you guys. They\'re gone now."'] ["Set in the artsy Chelsea, this satirical film centers on a young bohemian avant-garde composer Adrian , who becomes involved with a trendy New York art gallery owner, Madeleine . Adrian is a composer who makes music by breaking glass and kicking metal buckets. In contrast to Adrian is his brother Josh , a successful painter who happens to bring Madeline to one of his brother's concerts. Madeleine is immediately drawn to Adrian's work and invites him to perform at her gallery and into her bedroom. Eventually, Josh discovers the secret relationship between Madeleine and Adrian, and the fact that Madeleine has been using Josh's paintings, which have commercial appeal, to keep the gallery running while it features more avant-garde work."] ['Patsy Newquist is a 27-year-old interior designer who lives in a New York rife with street crime, noise, obscene phone calls, power blackouts and unsolved homicides. When she sees a defenseless man being attacked by street thugs, she intervenes, but is surprised when the passive victim doesn\'t even bother to thank her. She ends up attracted to the man, Alfred Chamberlain, a photographer, but finds that he is emotionally vacant, barely able to feel pain or pleasure. He permits muggers to beat him up until they get tired and go away. Patsy is accustomed to molding men into doing her bidding. Alfred is different. When she brings him home to meet her parents and brother, he is almost non-verbal, except to tell her that he doesn\'t care for families. He learns that Patsy had another brother who was murdered for no known reason. Patsy\'s eccentric family is surprised when she announces their intention to wed, then amazed when their marriage ceremony conducted by the atheistic Rev. Dupas turns into a free-for-all. Determined to discover why her new husband is the way he is, Patsy coaxes Alfred into traveling to Chicago to visit his parents. He hasn\'t seen them since he was 17, but asks them to help with a questionnaire about his childhood at Patsy\'s request. Alfred ultimately agrees to try to become Patsy\'s kind of man, the kind willing to "fight back." The instant that happens, a sniper\'s bullet kills Patsy, again for no apparent reason. A blood-splattered Alfred goes to her parents\' apartment, New Yorkers barely noticing his state. He descends into a silent stupor, Patsy\'s father even having to feed him. A ranting, disturbed police detective, Lt. Practice, drops by, almost unable to function due to the number of unsolved murders in the city. After he leaves, Alfred goes for a walk in the park. He returns with a rifle, which he doesn\'t know how to load. Patsy\'s father shows him how. Then the two of them, along with Patsy\'s brother, take turns shooting people down on the street.'] ["Mrs. Cragg  works as a part-time domestic for retired Colonel Whitforth  and as a cleaner at an office block in London. It is whilst doing her city cleaning that she retrieves a half smoked cigar as a gift for the Colonel and unwittingly wraps it in a scrap of paper discarded by a property financier named James Ryder . On receiving his cigar, the Colonel discovers that the scrap of paper actually contains details of a city takeover bid and unscrupulously uses this insider information to make £5000 on the stock market, which he shares with Mrs Cragg. This new-found wealth prompts the pair, together with three other ‘chars’ who are Mrs Cragg's neighbours in Pitt Street, to form the company 'Ladezudu': a speculation syndicate headed by Whitforth with the ladies providing insider information collected from bins at their respective offices. All is going well until an ill-timed investment in Irish pigs wipes out all their capital as swine fever kills their stock. It is then that Mrs Cragg discovers that Ryder is planning the demolition and redevelopment of Pitt Street. As the bulldozers arrive and no assets to assist them, can the 'ladies who do' save their street and take on the city executives single-handed?"] ["Before the church holiday celebrating St. Jorgen, the thief Korkis  escapes from prison and mingles with the gathering celebrants. He sees the large amounts of money being made by those hosting the celebration, who are mainly clergy. Korkis cannot refrain from getting involved in this venture. Together with an accomplice  they conceive and realize a way to fraudulently extract at least a small part of the money flowing into the hosts' coffers."] ['{{Plot}} On Planet 51, green people with snail-like feelers and pointed ears live peacefully in a society reminiscent of 1950s America, but with alien technology and with 1950s themed space-ships and alien homes. In the town of Glipforg, Lem  is a teenage boy with a new part-time job at the local planetarium and a long-time crush on his neighbor Neera . His best friend is Skiff , a big fan of the Humaniacs films. At a barbecue Neera\'s family is having, Lem tries to ask Neera on a date; but her hippie friend, Glar, keeps interrupting with his protest songs. Just then, a mysterious spacecraft goes into orbit around Planet 51 and sends out a signal. Down on Planet 51, under a secret Army base called "Base 9" , there is a basement filled with Earth artifacts including robotic satellites launched by the U.S. and the Soviet Union. The spacecraft\'s signal activates Rover, a wheeled A.I. probe. Rover escapes, following a program to locate the newly-arrived astronaut. The Planetary Army becomes suspicious after Rover\'s escape and begins to investigate. At a barbecue, the mysterious spacecraft touches down in the backyard; and NASA Astronaut Charles "Chuck" Baker  emerges. As Chuck plants the U.S. flag, he steps on a "rubber ducky" someone left on the ground. Everyone stares, and Chuck tries to get back into his module; but Eckle is in his way, eager for an autograph. Shocked when he realizes he is on an inhabited planet, Chuck runs about wildly and hides at the planetarium as the Army arrives on the scene. Planetary Army General Grawl  consults Professor Kipple  about the "alien invader." The Army quarantines the area and asks citizens start a local "civil defense" force to prevent the citizens from becoming "zombies." At the planetarium, Lem discovers Chuck\'s hiding-place, and both are surprised to discover they speak the same language. Realizing this alien is no threat, Lem decides to help Chuck, hiding him in his bedroom for the night. Rover finds Chuck, who is very happy to see it. As the General and his men search Lem\'s room, the group sneaks back into the planetarium with Chuck, who tells Lem he has "the right stuff". Chuck also shows Lem the star that Earth orbits and how the universe is much bigger than Lem had thought, which was that there were 1,000 stars in a universe 500 miles long. The next morning, the Army takes Chuck\'s module to a secret location. Lem and Skiff get an idea. The next night is the première of a new "Humaniacs" movie; and Lem, Skiff, and Chuck attend in costumes as fans. Chuck introduces some new music as part of the contest and teaches Lem to dance. Things go well until Rover arrives: chaos ensues. General Grawl arrives and points out Chuck\'s United States Flag insignia is a dead giveaway that he isn\'t a "local". Chuck is captured and unmasked. When Lem tries to keep him from being taken away, General Grawl labels Lem a zombie, and Professor Kipple announces he will dissect both their brains. To protect Lem, Chuck pretends to "release" him from his control. Lem is proclaimed a hero, and Chuck and Rover are locked into armored vehicles and taken away. At Base 9, General Grawl interrogates Chuck, and an accidental gunshot starts a complicated chain reaction with soldiers shooting at each other. General Grawl thinks Chuck is resisting his demands and allows Professor Kipple to have a go at dissecting Chuck\'s brain. Lem gets his job back at the planetarium and is permitted to speak about the incident on TV, but he cannot truly accept the honor. He feels terrible about Chuck and decides to do the right thing. While he\'s hot-wiring a car, Neera, Skiff, and Eckle join him to go off to rescue Chuck. The teens know luck is on their side when Rover shows up on the edge of town—he unscrewed the bolts holding together the armored vehicle in which he was imprisoned. Rover sniffs out Chuck\'s trail and leads them to an abandoned gas station in the desert. They look around, and Skiff sees a Coca-Cola bottle in an old refrigerator. When he tries to take it, it opens up the entrance to Base 9. Lem has Glar distract the soldiers guarding the base with his protest group while the rest of them sneak into the base. They find Chuck strapped to a laboratory table, and Professor Kipple is cheerfully getting ready to remove his brain. Lem and his friends break in through the ceiling while Rover scares away the scientists, technicians, and guards. They release Chuck but set off alarms. Rover helps the group find Chuck\'s spacecraft, which was in a hangar; but General Grawl warns that, if the "alien" tries to leave, the hangar will blow up. The "alien" does try to leave; and, in the resulting firestorm, the General is knocked unconscious, and most of the soldiers flee. The teenagers and Rover get into the module, but Chuck rescues the General from the fire. Chuck pilots the ship into orbit around the planet, allowing the teens to experience outer space. Skiff and Eckle enjoy the weightlessness; General Grawl realizes Chuck hasn\'t turned him into a zombie; and Lem asks Neera out on a date. Chuck pilots the module back to the planet\'s surface; and, although the soldiers are ready to shoot anyone who appears, the General stops them. Finally, the inhabitants of Planet 51 see that Chuck came to their planet for peaceful purposes. Chuck lets Rover stay with Skiff and says his farewells to Planet 51. Chuck then leaves Planet 51 peacefully, accompanied by the pet dog that is owned by a female alien seen throughout the film (Xenomorph [[Alien , which had sneaked aboard his ship. After the credits, Professor Kipple emerges from a manhole cover and faces two former patients who drag him off, telling him that he will "love" brain surgery.'] ['At the beginning of the film, Frankie Wilde is a wildly successful DJ on the party island of Ibiza. He has a recording contract, performs at high-profile nightclubs, and lives in a luxurious villa with his trophy wife, Sonya, and their son. In talking head sequences, contemporary DJs laud Frankie\'s turntable skills during this period. It is also evident that Frankie has cocaine and alcohol addictions . His career is increasingly guided by egotistical, insensitive super-agent Max Haggar.  Frankie\'s loss of hearing is first apparent when he hears a high-pitched whine instead of an Arsenal football match on TV. At this time, Frankie is making his next album with his "two Austrian mates" Alfonse and Horst, who seem more suited for a rock band. Frankie continues working on his album and playing gigs at clubs, but his hearing degrades rapidly. As a result, progress on his album stagnates. However, Frankie refuses to acknowledge his problem until a gig in Amnesia, when he cannot hear the second channel in his headphones and must crossfade one song into the next without being able to beatmatch them. The result sounds terrible, and the crowd boos him. Overcome with fear and frustration, he throws the turntable and the mixer onto the dance floor, and is forcibly removed from the club. The next day, Max confronts Frankie about the performance. Frankie agrees to see a doctor, who tells him he\'s lost hearing in one ear and has 20% left in the other. He warns Frankie that unless he stops abusing drugs and listening to loud noises, he will soon be completely deaf. Even the use of his hearing aid would only further degrade his hearing. Then, during a recording session, Frankie confesses the full nature of his hearing loss to Alfonse. He inserts his hearing aid to demonstrate, and, overwhelmed by the sudden sound exposure, leans close to one of the monitor speakers. Before he can react, however, a frustrated Horst smashes a guitar into an amplifier whose volume Frankie has maximized. The noise is excruciating, and the feedback knocks Frankie unconscious. The damage leaves him permanently deaf. Without his hearing, Frankie cannot complete his album. He loses his recording contract, and Max abandons him. Soon after, Sonya leaves him. The talking head sequences describe this period as his darkest hour, in which he shuts himself into his home, which he has "soundproofed" with pillows in a desperate bid to recover his hearing. His drug use intensifies, and he appears to be heavily depressed. In one scene, he repeatedly throws his body against the walls. In other, he wraps Roman candles around his head, either an attempt at suicide or a drastic way to recover his hearing, but dives into the pool before they ignite.  In a culmination moment of the movie, Frankie flushes all his drugs down a toilet, only to be faced with the vision of the menacing badger again. The two begin to scuffle, with Frankie eventually gaining the upper hand and beating the badger with a shovel, then grabbing a shotgun and shooting it, upon which the badger begins to bleed cocaine. Frankie then grabs the dying badger\'s head, and removes it, only to reveal that the badger is, in fact, himself. He then shoots the dying vision of himself in the head. After this dark period, Frankie finds a deaf organization and meets Penelope, an instructor for the deaf who coaches him in lip-reading. They become close, and eventually intimate. He confides his unhappiness at losing music, and she helps him perceive sound through visual and tactile methods instead. Frankie then manages to devise a system for mixing songs, in which he watches an oscilloscope trace while resting his feet on the pulsating speakers, a callback to an earlier claim he made in the film about flip flops. Using this system, he heads to the studio and manages to produce new mix CD  entirely by himself. He delivers it to Max, who is wildly pleased – particularly by the potential of using Frankie\'s disability to increase record sales. He has Frankie take part in advertising and promotional deals which are increasingly offensive and insensitive to deaf people, which Penelope silently disapproves of. He also treats Penelope like he did Sonya; as Frankie\'s sexual object, not recognizing her substantial role in Frankie\'s life. In general, Max tends to patronizingly characterize the deaf as pained, helpless victims desperate for a deaf role model. Max convinces Frankie to play live at Pacha as a career comeback. He thinks it is an opportunity for Frankie to prove himself to others, despite Frankie\'s insistence that he has nothing to prove to his critics. The gig goes exceedingly well, and many claim it showcases even greater talent than his early work. After the show, Frankie and Penelope disappear from Max, the media, and the music scene altogether. In a talking heads sequence, characters speculate on where he is now . As the film ends, we see Frankie disguised as a homeless street musician, who is then met by Penelope and a child . They affectionately walk together down a street unrecognized. Additionally, we see Frankie teaching a group of deaf children how to perceive sound like he does.'] ['{{Plot}} Dr. Michael Hfuhruhurr , a widowed brain surgeon renowned for inventing a method of \'cranial screw-top\' brain surgery, saves the life of Dolores Benedict , a gold-digging femme fatale who is accidentally run over by Hfuhruhurr when fleeing the scene of her latest husband\'s fatal coronary . As she recovers, Hfuhruhurr falls in love with her and they marry. However, trouble seems to begin right after he carries her over the threshold; Dolores torments Michael by pretending to be too ill to consummate the marriage, driving him into a frenzy of frustration. On a honeymoon/business trip to a medical conference in Vienna, a city living in fear of the serial "Elevator Killer", Hfuhruhurr meets mad scientist Dr. Alfred Necessiter ([[David Warner , who has created a radical new technique enabling him to store living brains in liquid-filled jars. After learning that his adored new wife is really "a cheap, vulgar slut," Hfuhruhurr discovers he can communicate telepathically with one of Necessiter\'s brains, that of Anne Uumellmahaye . Hfuhruhurr and the disembodied brain immediately fall in love. Eventually Dolores catches on to this when she spots him in a rowboat with Anne, and attempts to kill Anne, causing Michael to literally toss Dolores out of his house and into the mud, yelling that Dolores is out of his life and will never get a penny of his hard-earned millions. The convergence of a sudden rush of random murders and the possibility of brain transplantation causes Hfuhruhurr to speculate about how he might improve his lot in life. At first he consults with Dr. Necessiter on the basis his brain ought to be transplanted into a tank, but Necessiter informs him that brains in tanks do not actually survive for long, with Anne being his longest-lived brain to date, and instead recommends transplanting the brain into a recently deceased woman. As Hfuhruhurr searches for a female to kill so he can have the beloved brain implanted into a human body, he realizes that he is unable to kill. He professes this to the surgeon, who tells Hfuhruhurr that as a last resort he can implant the brain into a gorilla that he keeps in his laboratory. After giving this idea serious consideration for several seconds, Hfuhruhurr replies "I couldn\'t fuck a gorilla!" Determined to find a body for Anne, Hfuhruhurr drives to the city center with a syringe filled with window cleaner, the substance used by the Elevator Killer to kill his victims, and selects a prostitute with a squeaky voice to kill and take her body. However, after taking the hooker to her room, he realizes that if he were to do this, Anne would have a very high voice , thus Hfuhruhurr concludes that it is not worth the risk to murder her and leaves. Stepping into the elevator, he finds that Dolores has just been murdered by the Elevator Killer, who turns out to be Merv Griffin. Hfuhruhurr hurriedly takes Dolores\'s body to Necessiter\'s lab, but is stopped by the Austrian Police, who thinks that Michael was drunk driving. Michael explains to the police that he was driving sober, but Dolores is passed out from being drunk. After Hfuhruhurr passes a sobriety test , the police are convinced Michael was driving sober and send him on his way. However, as he drives away Dolores\' lifeless body flails, causing the police to correctly see that Dolores is not drunk, but dead, and promptly pursue Hfuhruhurr for murder. Hfuhruhurr makes it to the lab and Necessiter transfers Anne\'s consciousness to Dolores\'s body, which is viewed by the stunned policemen. However, in the process, Hfuhruhurr is electrically shocked by the equipment  and falls into a coma. Waking up six weeks later, back in his hometown, Hfuhruhurr finally meets up with Anne in Dolores\'s body. Anne reveals that her former body was that of a fat woman, and that she has gained considerable weight in her new body. However, Hfuhrhurr loves Anne for who she is, and takes no notice of her girth. They are married shortly thereafter, and reenact the previous over-the-threshold scene. The film ends with a request for the audience to report the whereabouts of Merv Griffin if they see him at large.'] ["A woman, Sara , is being chased through the snows of Norway. She is ultimately cornered and eaten by zombies in World War II Schutzstaffel  uniforms. Seven students on Easter vacation arrive at a small cabin near Øksfjord. The cabin is owned by Sara, Vegard's  girlfriend. The group begins to drink and party until a mysterious hiker  arrives. He tells them the dark history of the region; during World War II, a force of Einsatzgruppe, led by Standartenführer Herzog , occupied the area. For three years the Nazis abused and tortured the local people. Near the end of the war, with Germany's defeat looming, the soldiers looted all the town's valuables. However, the citizens stage an uprising and ambushed them, killing many. The survivors, including Herzog, were chased into the mountains, and it was assumed that they all froze to death. The hiker then continues on his way. That night, Vegard wakes to a figure placing something beneath the floorboards of the cabin. He calls out, believing it to be Sara, but she ignores him and leaves. Vegard follows, and finds her outside covered in blood. Vegard suddenly jolts awake in his bed, revealing it was a dream. Meanwhile, the hiker has set up camp in the mountains and is eating dinner when he is disturbed by a noise outside. He investigates, and is attacked and killed by a zombie. The next morning Vegard, out looking for Sara, discovers the hiker's body. He searches the area, falls through the snow into a cave, and is knocked unconscious. After sunset, Erland  finds an old wooden box filled with valuables and golden trinkets. They celebrate, and one of them pockets a gold coin. They eventually return the rest of the treasure to the box. Erlend goes to the outhouse where he and Chris  have sex. Afterwards, Erlend return to the cabin, and drops a gold coin. Chris is attacked by a zombie, and killed. The others leave the cabin to look for her, and find Sara's rucksack buried in the snow. On returning to the cabin, they are attacked. Erlend is killed in an attempt to defend the cabin, and the others secure the building. Vegard comes around in the cave, discovering German firearms and helmets, as well as Sara's severed head. He is attacked, but escapes to the surface, where he is confronted by a zombie. Vegard stabs the zombie in the eye, but is knocked from the cliff side by a second assailant. Vegard is bitten in the neck by the zombie, whilst the two hang from the cliff using an intestine as rope. He climbs back to the snowmobile, stitches his wounds, and mounts a machine gun to his snowmobile. Meanwhile, the remaining four students decide to split up. The two men, Martin  and Roy , attempt to distract the zombies, while the two women, Hanna  and Liv , run for the cars and go for help. En route to the cars, the girls are ambushed. Liv is knocked out by the zombies and awakens to them pulling out her intestines. Using a hand grenade, she commits suicide and kills her assailants. Hanna leads a zombie to a cliff edge, breaks the ice, and they fall. The pair survive, and Hanna kills the zombie. Martin and Roy accidentally set fire to the cabin with Molotov cocktails. They escape, and arm themselves with power tools. More zombies attack, but they are aided by Vengard. During the attack Vengard is killed and Martin accidentally kills Hanna, who has returned to the cabin. Herzog arrives, leading a group of zombies. They attack, and Martin is bitten on the arm. To avoid becoming infected, he cuts of his arm with a chainsaw. After killing the remaining undead, Martin and Roy attack Herzog, who calls upon hundreds of zombies, that rise from under the snow. Whilst running from their attackers, Roy is hit in the head by a hammer, disembowelled by a tree branch, and killed by Herzog, who retrieves a watch from his pocket. Martin realises the zombies intent, and retrieves the box from the ruined cabin. He returns the box to Herzog, and escapes to the car. There, he finds a gold coin in his pocket, just as Herzog smashes the window of the car."] ['The story is set in the then near-future of the 1970s and concerns a disillusioned pop singer, played by Jones, who is manipulated by the church and state which seek to turn him into a messianic leader.'] ['Pat Kramer is an ordinary suburban housewife and mother whose husband works for an advertising company. After being exposed to an experimental perfume, she begins to shrink, gradually at first, then rapidly. A few weeks pass, and Pat has shrunk to the height of her own children. Eventually, she becomes a celebrity of sorts, appearing on The Mike Douglas Show, and captures the hearts of the American people. Soon she is less than a foot tall, making her like a doll to her children, and forcing her to move into a dollhouse. Pat is kidnapped by a group of mad scientists, who make it seem that she perished in the kitchen garbage disposal. They plan to shrink everyone in the world by performing experiments on her to learn her secret. With the help of a kind young lab custodian and a super-intelligent gorilla named Sydney, she escapes. She shrinks to microscopic size and falls into a puddle of spilled household chemicals - which makes her return to her original size. After her homecoming celebrating her returning to a more normal size, she notices that her foot has split her shoe open.'] ['Set during World War II, Stan and Ollie try their hand at various business ventures. Their store opens and closes in various guises but without success. They finally open it as a bicycle store but some German spies trick them into partnering the business so that they can use it as a front for a base. Stan and Ollie volunteer as air raid wardens but keep messing up until they are fired. They soon discover that the spies are planning to blow up the local magnesium plant and in the end are heroes as they scupper the plan.'] ['Padre Nazario is a Roman Catholic priest of Spanish heritage living austerely in a hotel on the poor side of town. He is of a quiet, temperate nature and carelessly gives away what little he has, to the point of not caring whenever his room is burgled. He demonstrates understanding and compassion for those he encounters, such as a woman living below him, Beatriz, who is plagued by psychotic episodes and thoughts of suicide, and has a troubled relationship with a man named Pinto. One night, a prostitute, Andara, comes running into Nazario\'s room seeking shelter from the authorities; she has murdered another prostitute, Camella, and has herself been wounded in the fight. Padre Nazario withholds judgement about her guilt or innocence, and will help her—and not betray her—until she is found out. He tries to set her head straight and make her conscious of her guilt. Later Andara has a fevered dream in which she imagines that a portrait of Jesus Christ is laughing at her. That night Beatriz comes and warns them that someone has tipped off the authorities. (Beatriz offers to hide them in her room, with the express intention that the police will have her . When the proprietress, Mrs. Chanfa, finds out what has transpired, she is adamant that Andara must not be discovered hiding with Father Nazario, and orders Andara to clean the room so that no one knows she was there. But after Father Nazario steps out, Andara doesn\'t just clean the room: she gathers up the furniture into a big pile, pours gasoline all over it, sets it ablaze and makes her escape! This episode puts Nazario afoul of the law and the church. He is warned that an investigation could cost him his ministry. Nazario is forced to go into hiding: he exchanges his frock for plain clothes and sets out to peregrinate the country. He plans to survive by begging. On his way he encounters a rail-road construction crew, and offers to work for food. But some of the other workers resent his presence , and make it known that he is unwelcome. Nazario drops his work and walks off, having received nothing for his labors. But his departure sparks a deadly fight between the workers and the foreman. As Nazario walks away he hears gunfire in the distance. In a small village Nazario runs across Beatriz, and reveals that all of his possessions have been stolen. She leads him to a house where he encounters the prostitute Andara as well as a sick girl. Convinced that he can perform miracles, the girl\'s mother begs Nazario to cure the girl. Nazario demurs and suggests they see a doctor instead, but offers to pray together with the women. But he is perturbed when the woman instead begin to perform superstitious rites. However, the next day the girl\'s fever has subsided. Believing Nazario to be a miracle-worker and a saint, Andara and Beatriz insist on following him. But Nazario wants to be on his own. Nazario later stops to help a Colonel, a Priest and a Lady as their horse has a broken leg. When a peasant passes by without acknowledging his two superiors, the Colonel yells at him for his discourtesy, despite the peasant\'s protestations that he merely didn\'t see them. After the peasant leaves, Nazario gives the Colonel a severe dressing down for his rudeness. The Colonel tries to pull his gun on Nazario, but is stopped by the Priest, who merely excuses Nazario as "a heretic, an erratic preacher" who should be left alone. But Nazario is still being followed by Beatriz and Andara, whom he reluctantly agrees to let accompany him, although he lectures them sternly about God. The three end up in a plague-ridden village, where Nazario offers help. They do what they can, but their services are ultimately rejected by one dying woman, who would rather have the comfort of her husband than a priest . Father Nazario is overcome by a feeling of failure. They go begging in another village, and Andara catches the eye of a midget named Hugo, who professes his love despite telling her how ugly she is. In the same village, Beatriz is spotted by Pinto, who confronts her and accuses her of being nothing but "a priest\'s lover." Pinto demands that Beatriz leave with him the next day. That night Nazario senses that something is the matter with Beatriz, and inquires into her troubles. He says that she is struggling with Satan but should resist temptation. When she asks how he was able to guess that something was wrong, Nazario responds, "It\'s not guessing, it\'s knowing." The two are interrupted by Andara, who insists that they must flee immediately, before they are found out. Nazario responds calmly that only thieves flee, and that the divine will not forsake them. Beatriz tells Nazario how much she trusts him, and uses an allusion to the Christian bible: "If I can carry your load on my back, I will." Andara, for her part, accuses Nazario of loving Beatriz more, but he tries to demonstrate a Christian love for both women. The next day the party is found out by a group of men who have been looking for them. Andara and Nazario are arrested and taken to jail, but Beatriz begs for his release. Pinto finds out what happened and says he will convince Beatriz\'s mother that Beatriz should go with him. Later, when Beatriz meets her mother, she sings Nazario\'s praises and speaks of his miracles. Her mother\'s response that Beatriz loves Nazario "like a man" sends the girl into another psychotic episode. Nazario has it no better. He is tormented by his cellmates, who insult him and physically abuse him. Nazario suffers a crisis of faith, shouting, "For the first time in my life, I find it hard to forgive. But I forgive you. It is my Christian duty. But I also scorn you! And I feel guilty, not knowing how to separate scorn from forgiveness." One of the cellmates intervenes to protect Nazario, who ends up giving the man what remains of his money. The next day the prisoners are led away. Nazario is accused of being insane, and contradicting the church. He is separated from the group and led away by a single guard. As he is being led away, Pinto and Beatriz pass by in a carriage, but without any sign of recognition. In the penultimate scene, Nazario and the guard pass by a woman selling fruit. The fruitseller offers Nazario a pineapple, saying, "Take this charity, and may God be with you." Nazario seems overcome with confusion and doubt. A loud drum-beat can be heard. At first he makes a motion of refusal, but then stops her, takes the pineapple and says, "May God repay you." He is led away with the pineapple under his arm, utterly distraught.'] ['As part of a public relations and marketing strategy to compare the empathy of Big Tobacco to the nobility of the Nobel Peace Prize, advertising executive Merwin Wren  convinces the Valiant Tobacco Company to propose a challenge: a tax-free check for $25,000,000. to any city or town in America that can stop smoking, or go cold turkey, for thirty days. According to Wren, the offer will generate Valiant worldwide free publicity and praise as a humanitarian gesture, but no town in America would ever be able to claim the prize, cigarette smoking being too addictive to stop. The Reverend Clayton Brooks , a kindly but fearsome minister of the Eagle Rock Community Church, takes up the challenge as a spiritual call. He urges the economically depressed fictional community of Eagle Rock , Iowa, to go for the prize. The town council has been trying to woo back the military ever since it closed a base a few years back, hoping its return would help the local cash flow. Families have been moving out almost on a monthly basis and the town center is almost deserted. Reverend Brooks recruits every smoker in the town to sign up. Needled for not smoking himself , he begins to find solidarity with his "flock." At midnight, the challenge begins. For the next thirty days, no smoking is permitted, Eagle Rock being the only city in America that got all of its smokers to pledge. The tobacco company sends Merwin to report the progress of the townspeople\'s commitment. The company needs just one person to fail. Among the weakest: alcoholic Edgar Stopworth ; the elderly Doctor Proctor , who must always have a cigarette before surgery, and the anxiety-ridden wife of the mayor, Mrs. Wappler , who counts the small gherkin pickles she eats as the hours pass. However, a group of 29 non-smoking residents, all members of the ultra-conservative Christopher Mott Society  have been asked by Brooks to police all traffic entering Eagle Rock to ensure no tobacco products enter. A running gag ensues when elderly Odie Turman  keeps needling leader Amos Bush  about his pistol, which she later steals. Eventually, the attention of the nation\'s leading newscasters at the time , turns the small community\'s efforts into a matter of highly publicized failure or success. Soon the community is invaded by buxom "massage therapists," beer vendors, souvenir shops and more. Rev. Clayton appears on a Time magazine cover, which leads him to another epiphany: if he can save the town, he will be a hero. Merwin is told by Valiant\'s board members to undermine the town\'s efforts at all costs, doing whatever he can to get someone to smoke before the thirty days are up, leading to hilarious results as the clock ticks down.'] ['The three intercut stories that comprise Poison are: * Hero: Seven-year-old Richie shoots his father and then flies away. The story is told in the style of an episode of a tabloid television news magazine. * Horror: Told in the style of a "psychotropic horror film" of the mid-1960s, Horror is about a scientist who isolates the "elixir of human sexuality" and, after drinking it, is transformed into a hideous murdering leper. * Homo: The story of a prisoner, John Broom, who finds himself attracted to another prisoner, Jack Bolton, whom he had known and seen humiliated as a youth in a juvenile facility. It is an adaptation of part of Genet\'s The Miracle of the Rose.'] ["The self-loathing Charlie Kaufman is hired to write the screenplay for The Orchid Thief. Kaufman is going through melancholic depression and is not happy that his twin brother Donald has moved into his house and is mooching off him. Donald decides to become a screenwriter like Charlie and attends Robert McKee's famous seminars. Charlie Kaufman, who rejects simplistic formulaic script writing, wants to ensure that his script is a faithful adaptation of The Orchid Thief. However, he comes to realize that the book does not have a usable narrative and that it is impossible to turn into a film, leaving him with a serious case of writer's block. Meanwhile, Donald's spec script for a clichéd psychological thriller, called The 3, sells for six or seven figures. Kaufman accidentally starts writing his script with self-reference. Already well over his deadline with Columbia Pictures, he visits Orlean in New York for advice on the screenplay. Unable to face her, Kaufman visits McKee's seminar in New York and asks him for advice. He brings his brother Donald to New York to assist with the story structure. Donald pretends to be Charlie and interviews Orlean, but is suspicious of her account of the events of her book because it seems like too perfect a story line. He and his brother Charlie follow Orlean to Florida where she meets Laroche. It is revealed that the Seminole wanted the Ghost Orchid in order to manufacture a drug that causes fascination; Laroche introduces this drug to Orlean. After Laroche and Orlean catch Charlie observing them taking the drug and having sex, she decides that Charlie must die. She forces Kaufman at gunpoint to drive to the swamp, where she intends to kill him. Charlie and Donald escape and hide in the swamp where they resolve their differences and Charlie's problems with women. Laroche accidentally shoots Donald. Fleeing, Charlie and Donald drive off but crash into a ranger's truck; Donald dies in the accident. Charlie runs off into the swamp to hide but is spotted by Laroche. However, Laroche is killed by an alligator before being able to kill Charlie. Orlean is arrested. Charlie makes up with his mother, tells his former love interest Amelia that he is still in love with her, and finishes the script. It ends with Charlie in a voice-over announcing the script is finished and that he wants Gérard Depardieu to portray him in the film."] ['On October 2, 1988, Donnie Darko , a troubled teenager living in Middlesex, Virginia, is awakened and led outside by a figure in a monstrous rabbit costume, who introduces himself as "Frank" and tells him the world will end in 28 days, 6 hours, 42 minutes and 12 seconds. At dawn, Donnie awakens on a golf course and returns home to find a jet engine has crashed into his bedroom. His older sister, Elizabeth , informs him the FAA investigators don\'t know where it came from. Donnie tells his psychotherapist Dr. Thurman  about his continuing visits from Frank. Acting under Frank\'s influence, he floods his school by damaging a water main. He also begins dating new student Gretchen Ross , who has moved to town with her mother under a new identity to escape her violent stepfather. Conservative gym teacher Kitty Farmer  blames the flooding on the influence of the short story "The Destructors", assigned by English teacher Karen Pomeroy , and begins teaching attitude lessons taken from motivational speaker Jim Cunningham . Donnie rebels against these lessons, leading to friction between Kitty and Donnie\'s mother Rose . Donnie asks his science teacher Dr. Monnitoff  about time travel after Frank brings up the topic, and is given the book The Philosophy of Time Travel, written by Roberta Sparrow , a former science teacher at the school who is now a seemingly senile old woman. Dr. Thurman tells Donnie\'s parents that he is detached from reality, and that his visions of Frank are hallucinations, symptomatic of paranoid schizophrenia. Donnie disrupts a speech being given by Jim Cunningham by insulting him in front of the student body, then burns down Cunningham\'s house on instructions from Frank. When police find evidence of a child pornography operation in the house\'s remains, Cunningham is arrested. During a hypnotherapy session, Donnie confesses his crimes to Dr. Thurman and says that Frank will soon kill someone. Rose agrees to replace Kitty as chaperone for her daughter Samantha\'s  dance troupe in Los Angeles, so Kitty can testify in Cunningham\'s defense; with her husband Eddie  in New York on business, her older children are home alone. Donnie and Elizabeth take the opportunity to throw a Halloween party to celebrate her acceptance to Harvard University. Gretchen arrives, distraught that her mother has disappeared. Realizing that only hours remain before Frank\'s prophesied end of the world, Donnie takes Gretchen and two friends to seek Roberta Sparrow at her house. They are attacked by two school bullies  who are attempting to rob Sparrow\'s house, and the fight spills into the street. An oncoming car swerves to avoid Sparrow but runs over Gretchen, killing her. The driver is Elizabeth\'s boyfriend Frank , wearing the same rabbit costume as the Frank of Donnie\'s visions. Donnie shoots him with his father\'s gun. As a vortex forms in dark clouds above his house, Donnie drives into the hills and watches as an airplane descends above. The plane, carrying Rose and the dance troupe, is wrenched violently as one of its engines detaches and falls into the vortex. Events of the previous 28 days recapitulate in reverse order and action, until Donnie finds himself in bed on the morning of October 2. The jet engine crashes through his room, killing him. Others with whom Donnie had interacted in the 28 days awaken, some looking disturbed. Gretchen rides by Donnie\'s house and learns of his death from a neighbourhood boy , but says she did not know him.'] ["Nicholas Van Alstyne is the richest man in New York, but he is very disappointed in the behavior of his son, Bertie, who stays out all night gambling and partying, and who seems to show no talent or interest in work. In fact, Bertie is feigning this behavior because he believes it will help to impress the girl of his dreams, his adopted sister Agnes. Unfortunately, it helps him to do nothing more than get disowned by his father. Bertie's sister, Rose, is married to an unsuccessful lawyer named Mark, who is admired by Van Alstyne but in fact is a troublemaker. He has a mistress named Henrietta and an illegitimate child with her. When Henrietta dies after a long illness, a letter is sent to him informing him about the present circumstances. Mark manages to claim the letter is actually Bertie's, breaking Agnes' heart and ensuring Van Alstyne never wants to speak to his son again. Soon after, when Van Alstyne goes away on business he leaves Mark in charge of running the family's finances, but Mark plots to claim the family fortunes himself by selling off all their shares of stock. Bertie inadvertently saves the day by buying back all of the stock without realizing what he is doing. When Van Alstyne sees what has happened he forgives Bertie and allows him to marry Agnes. Mark, meanwhile, conveniently dies of a heart attack when he realizes that his scheme has failed. The film ends a year later, with the birth of Bertie and Agnes' twin children."] ['The ennui afflicted heir to a deposed European throne returns to his father’s house in West London to find that the neighborhood has become a slum. An ornithologist ill at ease with others, he finds his spy-glass wandering from birds to observe his neighbors. Strictly an observer at first, he increasingly becomes agitated as their lives are blighted by violence, poverty, and injustice. In particular he is moved by the plight of the pubescent Salambo Mardi and her family, beset by the rapist shop-keep Kowalski and the pimp Roscoe. Gradually he is stirred from his emotional detachment to try to assist her, a development that confuses, alarms, and angers his parasitic entourage; Margaret, his social climbing fiancé, Max, the shady family lawyer , David, his quack doctor, and Lazlo, the household manager and apparent leader of a secret society aiming to restore the dynasty.  A pacifist and liberal idealist with no interest in reigning, Leo is relieved when Lazlo confesses that the society is a fraud but furious when he discovers that he is the owner of the slum and his life of wealth and privilege has been paid for from its rents. The movie turns Marxist parable as Leo becomes the unlikeliest of revolutionaries, rallying the denizens of the slum with the aid of Salumbo and her charismatic working-class hero boyfriend Roscoe.  The intellectual and professional class  is quickly overcome, but the capitalists and petit bourgeoisie  prove tougher, fortifying themselves in Leo’s mansion. In the final cataclysm, Leo leads the mob in burning his own mansion to the ground, its occupiers surrendering and fleeing at the last moment. In the last line of dialogue, Roscoe  tells Leo: “Well, you didn’t change the world, did you?” Leo replies: “No, but we changed our street.” The victors laugh together and disperse. Leo wanders up to his old home and picks from the rubble one of his spy-glasses. Smiling happily he chucks it aside and skips merrily away.'] ['An earthquake leaves the California coastline in ruins and reduces the beaches to a state of chaos. A group of Neo-Nazis led by Adolf , the self-proclaimed "Führer of the new beach," takes advantage of the resulting chaos by fighting off several rival surfer gangs to seize control of the beaches. Meanwhile, an African American oil well worker named Leroy  is killed by the Nazis while jogging on the beach. Leroy\'s mother "Mama" Washington , devastated by the loss of her son, vows revenge. After arming herself with a handgun and grenades, she breaks out of her retirement home and sets out to exact bloody vengeance on the Surf Nazis.'] ['The story follows four former prostitutes on the run following a justifiable homicide and a prison escape, who later encounter difficulties involving bank robbery and Pinkerton detectives.'] ['Eight intellectual friends - four men and four women from the Department of History at the Université de Montréal - prepare to have dinner together. The ensuing conversations range from their professional lives to politics, but primarily concern their sexual exploits. The group has plans to gather at a secluded house for dinner. While the four men prepare the food and reflect on their promiscuity, the four women discuss their own affairs at a nearby gym. At the dinner table, conflicts soon arise when Dominique reveals that she herself has had affairs with two of the men there, one of whom is married to Louise .'] ['Simon , a student at a fictional university in San Francisco  is indifferent to the student protests around him, until walking in on a naked woman  in his dormitory roommate\'s bed. While she quickly runs over to the toilets to dress, Simon protests to his roommate that their time should only be devoted to studying, so they can get good jobs and lots of money. Coming back clothed, the woman refuses setting another date with the roommate because she\'ll be busy protesting. She explains the university\'s plan to construct a gymnasium in an African-American neighborhood, thus causing conflict with the local African American population. She tells him that she and others plan to take over one of the university\'s buildings. Simon later experiences love at first sight with a stranger female student  and uses his photographer position in the college\'s journal to photograph her. Following her into the university building the students are taking over, he joins the takeover just by being there. She approaches him while he boringly fools around in the toilets. She says her name is Linda and asks him to rob a food store with her so the striking students can eat. In a later student protest, Simon is arrested. He then tells Linda he is not a radical like her. He does not want to "blow the college building" after doing his best to be accepted into the school in the first place. Linda later claims she can\'t see someone who is not likewise dedicated to the movement. Nevertheless, she announces temporarily leaving college to decide for sure. In the showers, the rightist jock George beats up Simon, who decides to take advantage of the situation and use his injuries from George to fake police brutality. Gaining fame, his friend tells him "a white version of page 43" of Simon\'s National Geographic looks for him. Alone in a filing room, a large breasted redhead with a tight sweater smiles at Simon. Seeing his injured lip, she puts his hands on her large right breast and asks if it feels better now. She then takes off her sweater telling Simon "did you know Lenin loved women with big breasts?" After quick flashes of her large breasts, Simon confirms liking them, but asks her if she saw The Graduate. Replying no, she takes him between some filing cabinets and takes off his belt. To her surprise, Simon does not want people to see whatever it is she plans to do to with him. When asking her if she at least locked the door, she confirms unconvincingly and immediately opens up some filing cabinets to hide them. Simon is worried, but she promises him no one will know. She then says she will give him something a "hero" like him deserves, ducks down and gives him an off-screen blowjob, zooming up on Che Guevara\'s famous poster staring in the air in its implacable expression. After Linda returns, she announces deciding to be with Simon. They spend the rest of that day together – and implicitly the night. The following day, they make out in a park when a group of African-Americans approaches them. The anti-racism Caucasian rebels fear for their lives. One African-American drops Simon\'s camera to the ground and stomps on it, but the group then simply leaves. A furious Simon meets the strikers, saying those they help are no different than the cops and the establishment and questioning why they should help those who disrespect and even threaten him. Simon re-thinks his comparison, though, after visiting none other than George the – now leftist – jock in the hospital. George\'s leg is in a cast after rightist jocks beat him up while cops watched. Simon goes to personally warn the dean\'s secretary to call off the construction of the gymnasium or risk a war. A group of African American students then show up, proving Simon\'s previous generalization wrong. Eventually, a SWAT team crushes the university building takeover in seconds with tear gas. With the strikers all lying choking, the SWAT members pull out African Americans from the crowd and beat them up with police clubs. When the others protest, they get the same treatment. With Linda being carried away kicking and screaming, Simon takes on a group of cops all by himself and segments of his happier times in college flash before the viewers\' eyes.'] ['In the fictional country of Moronica, three munitions manufacturers—Messrs. Ixnay , Ohnay  and Amscray —decide their country is in need of a change. They decide to implement a dictatorship, oust the king, and go about finding someone stupid enough to be a figurehead leader. Ixnay volunteers the three wallpaper hangers simultaneously working in his dining room—the Stooges. Ixnay presents Moe Hailstone, Curly Gallstone, and Larry Pebble with the offer to run Moronica. Moe is instituted as the leader , with Curly as Field Marshal Gallstone , and Larry as Minister of Propaganda Pebble . After his takeover, Hailstone proceeds to give a speech to the masses, cueing Larry to display signs reading "APPLAUSE", "CHEERS" and even "HISS". Moe "bonks" Larry after Larry accidentally raises the cue card for "HISS" at the wrong time during one of Hailstone\'s speeches.  However, the daughter  of the overthrown king pays Hailstone a visit, going by the name Mattie Herring . The Stooges suspect she is a spy, and attempt to execute her. She escapes, and gathers a huge mob to storm Hailstone\'s palace. The trio quickly abdicate, and flee into a lion\'s den. The lions inside spot the Stooges and chase them to their doom; the lions are seen leaving their secluded area wearing the trio\'s clothes, with one burping.'] ["The Ryans of St John's, Newfoundland, are an old family steeped in tradition. Donald Ryan edits the local newspaper while his brothers and sisters run the funeral parlour. Early one morning, Donald's son Draper Doyle goes to the newspaper office to surprise his father with a birthday cake, only to witness something traumatic. Two days later, Donald Ryan is dead. In the ensuing weeks, Draper Doyle's sleep is plagued by nightmares, and he realises he has no memories of the time surrounding his father's death. With the help of his uncle Reg, Draper Doyle tries to come to terms with the truth about Donald Ryan, and the key to this may be Donald's lucky hockey puck."] ['Paresh Chandra Dutt , a middle-class bank clerk in Kolkata, attends a charity match on a rainy day rather reluctantly. At Curzon Park , where the match is apparently to be held, he finds a small, round stone. Thinking it is a marble, he gives it to his nephew. The child discovers that it turns metal into gold . Dutt "buys" the stone from the child with sweets after witnessing the stone\'s power himself. He decides to take a few old cannonballs from the city dump, turn them into gold, and sell them. This scheme makes him rich; as a chauffeur drives him home from the dump, the car pulls into the driveway of a mansion . He now has a young secretary named Priyatosh Henry Biswas  who, among other things, mentions that Dutt is invited to a cocktail party . At the party, Dutt acts slightly unnatural before engaging in drunken revelry. When another guest orders him to get out, he turns an iron figurine into gold . It is not long before this incident is posted as a headline in the papers, causing a panic in Bengal. Paresh Dutt flees with his wife, Giribala , leaving nearly everything  with Priyatosh but cautioning him to hand it over if the police arrive. Soon, Mr. and Mrs. Dutt are taken to a police station for interrogation, and the police discover that the desperate Priyatosh has swallowed the stone. Dr. Nandi , a medical specialist, informs the inspector  that Priyatosh is digesting the stone. Soon after Paresh and Giribala Dutt hear of this, they notice the golden objects turning back into iron. The Dutts happily rejoin their servant  and Priyatosh.'] ['This film is set in an post-apocalyptic wasteland where few fertile men and women exist due to atomic fallout and, as a result, the government places a high priority on those that can still breed. Shortly before the movie opens, a group of mutant amphibians  capture a group of fertile women and are using them as sex slaves. Sam Hell  is a nomadic traveler who wanders the countryside. He is eventually captured by an organization of warrior-nurses, the closest thing to a government in his region of the world, who reveal that they located him by tracking the trail of pregnant women left in his wake. Their original plan was to use him as breeding stock with their collection of fertile women, but it turns out this is the group captured by the mutants. With their own attempts to capture the women failing, the group presses Hell into service as a mercenary - he is to infiltrate the mutant city  and rescue the women. To make sure that the rebellious Hell follows his orders, he is forced to wear an electronic protective codpiece that will explode if he disobeys or tries to abort his mission. Having already taken numerous samples of reproductive material from him, he is now deemed far more expendable than the women themselves. To aid him in his mission , he is paired with one of the nurses, Spangle , and an aggressive guardswoman named Cendrilla. During their journey to Frogtown, Hell tries numerous times to escape but is quickly shown that the device Spangle carries will shock his genitals if used or if he gets too far away from it. Despite their rocky start and Spangle\'s initial cold demeanor, the pair grow closer during the journey and eventually fall in love. When they reach Frogtown, everyone involved is captured. While the frog "second-in-command" tortures Hell and attempts to remove the codpiece for its technology, a slightly drugged Spangle is forced to work as a slave and dance for the frog commander . Proving more successful than she had wished, the nurse soon finds herself at the mercy of the aroused commander. However, with the codpiece now removed , the escaped Hell rescues her along with the group of fertile women held captive.'] ['Eliot is a dependable and reliable—though thoroughly average—young man with a streak of bad luck. It seems that he is terminally typecast as a nice guy in a life that mimics the clichés of typical romantic comedies. In High School he was stood up by his date on Prom night when her ex-boyfriend, the most popular kid in school, swept her off her feet while he was getting drinks. In college, his next serious girlfriend was wooed back by her ex-boyfriend during a pep rally when he announced that he would abandon the Lacrosse team in favor of attending her music audition to Juliard. Later, during business school, the same thing happens when he and his then-girlfriend are intercepted by one of her ex-boyfriends with a puppy. Having lost three girlfriends to their ex-boyfriends has made Eliot defensive at the proposition of being abandoned  and having his heart broken. About a week before his wedding to his girlfriend, Caroline Swann, he discovers that she had a long-lost love in High School, Bradley, from whom she was inseparable. Eliot tries to keep himself composed, but even his Caroline\'s reassurances do not convince him that her feelings for Bradley are buried. Though he makes a last-ditch effort to convince her to elope, she refuses, and Eliot starts bracing himself for the worst when Bradley drops by and begins trying to win Caroline\'s affections again. In frustration, Eliot has a chance encounter with an office temp, Cecil , who shares the same elevator with him while he blurts out his unfortunate past. As he resigns himself to losing Caroline to Bradley, Cecil offers him a ray of hope: she does not believe in "Baxters" and thinks that his predicament is avoidable. The two meet up again later that night at a small club where Cecil likes to perform her original songs to finish their conversation, and Cecil states her theory: Eliot needs to take more risks. His problems began in High School when he didn\'t ask his first girlfriend to dance because she was on crutches, and this provided the opportunity for her ex-boyfriend to reignite her passion. Eliot decides to take more risks, though he is unsure on when and how to do so due to his reserved habits. When Cecil has a fight with her boyfriend later that night, Eliot offers to put her up for the night. The next morning, Caroline and their wedding planner , show up early to finalize their plans. Cecil wakes up Eliot, and he rushes to get ready in time for their arrival, and even though the night before had been completely innocent, he panics while getting ready and accidentally puts on Cecil\'s underwear instead of his own. After an accidental spill, the wedding planner spots the panties on Eliot, which completely breaks down Eliot\'s calm. During the meeting, Eliot makes a string of awkward suggestions, ranging from asking for a "funk" music theme and "baja cuisine" for their dinner plans. Caroline, visibly upset, begins to doubt their relationship and almost runs into the hiding Cecil a few times, though Eliot manages to cover. After the meeting with the wedding planner, Caroline calls off the wedding. Eliot, having been stood up for a dinner with his parents, goes out to a bar with his friends from work where he accidentally runs into Cecil\'s boyfriend, Dan , and Bradley with his current girlfriend. Though awkward at first, Dan dismisses any conflict when he realizes that Eliot is "the Baxter" that Cecil mentioned and actually thanks him for letting her stay at his house when they fought. Dan and Bradley  insist that the groups spend some time together and chat, much to Eliot\'s chagrin. Both Dan and Bradley laugh and joke with Eliot\'s friends, until one of them mentions that Caroline left him. Depressed and upset, Eliot leaves and contemplates suicide until he is interrupted by his friend, Louis , who gives him a pep talk on behalf of Caroline, who was worried about him. On Louis\' advice, he buys flowers, candies, and plans to take Caroline wherever it will take to make things right. When he arrives, he finds Bradley already at Caroline\'s apartment, swooning over Caroline and upset about breaking up with his girlfriend. They cancel his reservations to an expensive restaurant and go instead to a burger place that Bradley knows well. Eliot feels awkward because of Bradley\'s personal connections to the owner and patrons, while Eliot\'s refined tastes clash with the blue-collar atmosphere. Even with the owner\'s help, Eliot continues to feel out-of-place and eventually calls Cecil from the back of the restaurant, confessing that he feels that his marriage will be over before it begins. The next day, Eliot arrives at work to find that Cecil is his temp again due to a flu going around the office. When she proposes that they both go out and have a drink to celebrate their mutual misery, Eliot explains that after his phone call, the night actually got better for him. After their somewhat disastrous dinner, Bradley and Caroline demanded to go dancing and accused Eliot of being neither spontaneous nor romantic; he stands up for himself and defends his actions and firmly states that he is trying his best to change for her. At the end of his speech, he also reveals that he has changed his mind and now wants to go dancing with them, having convinced himself to try even harder to change for her—and reminding himself that his problems began when he didn\'t ask his first girlfriend to dance when he had the chance. Though embarrassed, the throws caution to the wind and accepts a lighthearted dance-off against Bradley, a former break-dancer. By accident, Bradley\'s final move, a spinning windmill, bumps Eliot in the face, both knocking him to the floor and bloodying his nose. Bradley apologizes and reveals, to everyone\'s surprise, that he will leave the next day with his science team. Though happy for him, Cecil is saddened by the news because, like Eliot, she has always seen herself as a "Baxter" and hoped that the two could commiserate together. When Eliot asks what she\'ll do next, she mentions that Dan has a new job in Cincinnati, and she\'ll probably follow him there to resume her singing there. At Caroline and Eliot\'s wedding, Bradley crashes the ceremony and declares his love for Caroline—a split second after Eliot has started his own objection—and Bradley and Caroline live happily ever after, according to Eliot. He takes off immediately to catch Cecil before she leaves town, and after a near-miss, finds her at her apartment. The two talk for a moment and Eliot declares his love, when the sudden appearance of one of Cecil\'s old boyfriends interrupts them. Eliot, refusing to let history repeat itself, simply chases him off rather than let him get started with another speech. The film closes with the pair performing in the same club where they had their first date, with Cecil singing one of her songs and Eliot playing the piano to back her up. In a mid-credits scene, the film returns to Eliot catching Cecil about to leave with Dan for Cincinnati. Narration begins, mirroring the narration done by Eliot in the beginning of the film, with Dan revealing himself to be a Baxter as well, describing his lament at losing the girl  to the leading man .'] ['Unlucky plumber – Athanasius Borshchov   and his friend Fedulov  spend all day and night avoiding work and finding opportunities to drink. Afonya takes "kickbacks" from clients and is often in trouble with the local committee for his behaviour. Afonya meets plasterer Kolya  in a pub, gets drunk and comes home. When his girlfriend sees the state he\'s in, she leaves him. The next morning he can\'t even remember yesterday\'s drinking companion. Things continue to go downhill for Afonya. When student interns from the vocational school are allocated to the plumbers, master ZHEK Vostryakovo  doesn\'t allocate any to him, fearing that he will not teach them well. Afonya begs for trainees and gets two. Having worked with him for one day and having seen his attitude and working methods, the trainees refuse to work with him anymore. The next day, Kolya arrives to live at Afonya\'s, having been thrown out of his house by his wife. At a dance Afonya meets young nurse Katya Snegireva , who knows about him through her brother, who used to play in Afonya\'s volleyball team. Afonya doesn\'t pay her much attention, because he\'s more interested in older women and already has his eye on one at the dance. However, a romantic walk with the older woman after the dance is over before it begins – Afonya is challenged to a fight by a hooligan, who he\'d quarrelled with at the dance. The hooligan\'s friends join in, and finish the unequal fight. Katya worries for Afonya\'s safety, and calls the militia - which will only bring Anfonya to the committee\'s attention again. At a regular work call Borshchov meets Helen  and falls in love at first sight. He starts finding any excuse to work in her flat - even fooling a tenant, astronomer , by swapping his new Finnish sink for an old one, so he can install the Finnish sink in Helen\'s home as a gift. In his dreams Athos sees a family idyll with his wife Helen and their perfect children. Katya Snegireva, head over heels for Afonya, keeps engineering new meetings with him, and stops at nothing to attract his attention: "Athanasius! someone called, I thought it was – you ... ". Afonya is completely oblivious to her feelings. Meanwhile Afonya\'s run in with the militia catches up with him and, for persistent drunkenness, truancy and fighting Afonya is threatened with being sacked at a meeting of the local committee. In addition, if he doesn\'t restore the Finnish sink he\'s definitely going to be fired. Afonya takes a porcelain sink with flowers to Helen to swap with the Finnish sink, but meets Helen coming home with company. She makes her feelings quite clear: she has her own life among fashionable and wealthy men, and Afonya is just a plumber. Afonya, depressed, goes to a restaurant with Fedulov and tries to escape into drunkenness, but it doesn\'t help. In his drunken state he goes to Katya Snegireva\'s home and proposes marriage, and wakes up next to her in the morning. Katya tells him she\'s due to move to Africa with work and wonders if she should cancel for Afonya. Afonya then decides to go back to his village, to his aunt Frosya , who brought him up. In the village, he meets his childhood friend Concertina  and, in a joyous moment sends the city a telegram resigning from his job and giving up his apartment. Only then does he learn that Aunt Frosya died two years ago. Afonya\'s depression increases – he has lost everything and has nowhere to go. Neighbour Uncle Yegor  gives Athos his Aunt Frosya\'s legacy – savings account in his name, the deeds to her house, and the letters she\'d sent to herself, pretending they were from Afonya to the neighbours . The guilt of having ignored her only increases his gloom. Athanasius goes to the post office and tries to call Katya Snegireva on her memorable phone number 50-50-2, or as he says himself, "rug-rug or two." The answer comes back - Katya has left. Finally frustrated, he goes to the airport. He does not care where he\'s going or what will happen to him. Things have gotten so bad that a local militia man has to be convinced Afonya is the man in his passport photograph, so grim has he gotten since it was taken. Finally, just when Athanasius is heading to the AN-2 aircraft , a familiar girlish voice calls out. It\'s Katya, suitcase in hand: "Athanasius!, someone called, I thought it was – you ... "'] ['Ben is a witty, charismatic serial killer who holds forth at length about whatever comes to mind, be it the "craft" of murder, the failings of architecture, his own poetry, or classical music, which he plays with his girlfriend. A film crew joins him on his sadistic adventures, recording them for a fly on the wall documentary. Ben takes them to meet his family and friends while boasting of murdering dozens of people at random and dumping their bodies in canals and quarries. The viewer witnesses these grisly killings in graphic detail. Ben ventures into apartment buildings, explaining how it is more cost-effective to attack old people than young couples because the former have more cash at home and are easier to kill. In a following scene, he screams wildly at an elderly lady, causing her to have a heart attack. As she lies dying, he casually remarks that this method saved him a bullet. Ben continues his candid explanations and appalling rampage, shooting, strangling, and beating to death anyone who comes his way: women , immigrants , and postmen . The camera crew becomes more and more involved in the murders, first as accomplices but eventually taking an active part in them. When Ben invades a home and kills an entire family, they help him hold down a young boy and smother him. They meet a competing camera crew and take turns shooting the three men. During filming, two of Ben\'s crew are killed; their deaths are later called "occupational hazards" by a crew member. When Ben takes a couple hostage in their own home, he holds the man at gunpoint while he and the crew gang-rape the woman. The following morning, the camera dispassionately records the aftermath: the woman has been butchered with a knife, her entrails spilling out, and the man has been shot to death. Ben\'s violence becomes more and more random until he kills an acquaintance in front of his girlfriend and friends during a birthday dinner. Spattered with blood, they act as though nothing horrible has happened, continuing to offer Ben presents. The film crew disposes of the body for Ben. After a victim flees before he can be killed, Ben is arrested, but he escapes. At this point someone starts taking revenge on him and his family. Ben discovers that his parents have been killed, along with his girlfriend: a flautist, she has been murdered in a particularly humiliating manner, with her flute inserted into her anus. This prompts Ben to decide that he must leave. He meets the camera crew to say farewell, but in the middle of reciting a poem he is abruptly shot dead by an off-camera gunman. The camera crew is then picked off one by one. After the camera falls, it keeps running, and the film ends with the death of the fleeing sound recordist.'] ['After an accident, Fabrice, a fan of Johnny Hallyday, falls into a coma. He wakes up in a parallel dimension in which "Johnny"  abandoned his singing career. He then convinces Jean-Philippe to become the rock star he should have been.'] ['In Saint-Juire-Champgillon, a village in Vendée, a young socialist mayor decides to build a media library.'] ['On Saturday, December 13, 1941 at 7:01 a.m., a woman goes swimming somewhere on the California coast, only to find a Japanese submarine surfacing beneath her. The submarine crew realizes they have arrived in Hollywood, and the vessel submerges while the woman swims to safety. Later that morning, a 10th Armored Division tank crew, consisting of Sergeant Frank Tree, Corporal Chuck Sitarski, and Privates Foley, Reese, and Henshaw, are at a restaurant where dishwasher Wally Stephens works. Wally is planning to enter a dance contest with Betty Douglas, against the wishes of her father Ward. Sitarski dislikes Wally almost immediately, and trips him. A fight ensues, leading Wally to lose his job. Later, Wally takes his friend Dennis shopping for zoot suits and steals a suit. In Death Valley, Army Air Corps Captain Wild Bill Kelso lands his Curtiss P-40 fighter near a grocery store and gas station; while refueling, Kelso accidentally blows up the station. In Los Angeles, Major General Joseph W. Stilwell attempts to bring order. At a press conferences at Daugherty Field in Long Beach, Captain Loomis Birkhead is attracted to the General\'s secretary Donna Stratten. He lures her into a bomber to seduce her but she knocks him out, he lands on the bomb release control, sending a bomb rolling towards the podium just as the General promises "there will be no bombs dropped here." The bomb explodes, though Stilwell escapes. That afternoon, at the Douglas family home in Santa Monica, Wally is told by Betty and her friend Maxine, both USO hostesses, that he cannot enter the USO dance that night because he is not a serviceman. Wally is forced to hide in the garage loft when Ward shows up. Soon after, Tree and his tank crew arrive to deliver an anti-aircraft battery; Sitarski spots Betty and is attracted to her. He is just about to ask Betty to go to the dance with him when Wally falls from the loft. Ward and Sitarski dump him into a garbage truck. The Japanese submarine becomes lost trying to find Los Angeles when the ship\'s compass is broken. A landing party captures Hollis "Holly" Wood who will only give them his name, occupation, and social security number. They see he has a small Cracker Jack compass, but he swallows it, and then escapes, hoping to find the authorities. That night, Stilwell goes to see Dumbo. Birkhead and Donna are at the 501st Bomb Disbursement Unit at Barstow, where Colonel "Mad Man" Maddox shows them the unit\'s aircraft. Maddox, convinced the Japanese are sending paratroops into the hills near Pomona, lets Birkhead and Donna borrow a plane, assuming they are going on a reconnaissance. Outside the USO, Sitarski kicks Wally and drags Betty into the dance. Maxine tags along. Wally sneaks in with a stolen Shore Patrol uniform, steals Betty away, and they win the dance contest whilst evading Sitarski, who is pursued by Maxine. Sitarski punches Wally, inciting a brawl. Tree arrives with his team, just as L.A. goes to Red Alert with an unknown aircraft in the air. At the Douglas\' home, Ward spots the sub. As Birkhead and Donna fly over L.A., anti-aircraft batteries open fire. Kelso shoots down Birkhead\'s plane, then sees the submarine, only to be shot down by two spotters who mistake his plane for a Japanese fighter. Sitarski drags Betty under a tank, but Wally rescues her, knocking Sitarski out. They find Kelso, who informs them about the sub. Wearing an army uniform, Wally commandeers Tree\'s tank and heads toward Pacific Ocean Amusement Park. Ward begins firing at the submarine, destroying his house in the process. The submarine returns fire, hitting the ferris wheel, which careens into the ocean. The tank sinks when the pier collapses. Kelso drives a motorbike into the ocean and swims to the submarine, where he is captured by the Japanese. On Sunday morning, December 14, Stilwell arrives at the remains of the Douglas home. Tree predicts to Stilwell that 1942 will be "the \'really big\' year of the war." The General simply mutters: "It\'s gonna be a \'long\' war."'] ['Daniel O\'Grady returns home from a trip to Ireland to tell his wife that he had captured a Leprechaun and that by doing so, acquired his pot of gold. Unknowing to him, the evil Leprechaun had stowed away in one of his suitcases, killing his wife by pushing her down the basement stairs. After burying the gold, Daniel discovers the leprechaun and tries to kill it by showing a four-leaf clover, the Leprechaun\'s weakness. He manages to trap him inside a crate and attempts to burn it and the house to the ground, but suffers a stroke, leaving the leprechaun inside, guarded by the magic of the four leaf clover. 10 years pass when J.D. Redding and his teenage daughter Tory rent the O\'Grady farmhouse for the summer when they meet Nathan Murphy, his little brother Alex, and their mentally challenged friend Ozzie "the Bozz" Jones, who are re-painting the farmhouse. Ozzie is looking around the basement when he hears the Leprechaun\'s cry for help, mistaking him for a little child. He brushes the old four-leaf clover off the crate, letting the Leprechaun break free. After trying to convince the others that he met a Leprechaun , Ozzie spots a rainbow and chases it, believing that there will be a pot of gold at the end. Alex accompanies him for fear Ozzie might hurt himself when they come across an old truck, with the bag of one hundred gold pieces magically appearing. After testing to see if it\'s real gold , they plot to keep it for themselves, hoping to fix Ozzie\'s brain. The Leprechaun lures J.D. into a trap by imitating a cat, biting and injuring his hand. Tory and the others rush him to the hospital, followed by the Leprechaun, who traveled there on a tricycle. Alex and Ozzie go to a pawn shop to see if the gold is pure while Nathan and Tory are out, waiting on J.D.\'s results. The Leprechaun attacks the pawn shop owner, killing him by crushing his chest with a pogo stick. After terrorizing and killing a policeman, the Leprechaun returns to the farmhouse, searching for his gold, while shining every shoe in the house. Everyone  returns home, finding the house ransacked. Nathan goes out to see what is outside when he is injured by a bear trap set up by the Leprechaun. After shooting the Leprechaun several times, they try to leave the farmhouse when the truck breaks down, due to the Leprechaun biting all the cords. After ramming the truck with his specially-made car, the Leprechaun terrorizes the gang until Ozzie reveals that he and Alex found the pot of gold. Tory recovers the bag from the old well, and gives it to the Leprechaun. Believing the worst to be over, they try to head out to the hospital. The Leprechaun is counting his gold when he discovers that he is missing one gold piece  and thinks that they have tricked him, leading him to terrorize them until Ozzie tells them about O\'Grady, who was taken to a nursing home after his stroke. Tory decides to head out to the home to find out how to kill the Leprechaun. Tory arrives at the nursing home, searching until she finds O\'Grady, who is actually the Leprechaun, who chases Tory to the elevator. Tory escapes, while the bloodied body of O\'Grady crashes through, managing to tell her that the only way to kill him is by a four-leaf clover, before dying. Tory returns home, and automatically starts searching for a clover until she is chased by the Leprechaun, who almost kills her until she is saved by Nathan and Ozzie. Alex tries to set a trap but is attacked by the Leprechaun, almost killing him but Ozzie tells him that he swallowed the last gold coin, and is critically wounded by the Leprechaun. Before the Leprechaun kills Ozzie, Alex takes the four-leaf clover from Tory, sticks it to a wad of gum and shoots it into the Leprechaun\'s mouth, taking away his power. The skeleton of the Leprechaun appears out of the well until Nathan hits him down and pours gas inside the well, blowing up the well and killing the Leprechaun. The police arrive where Tory is reunited with her father as the police investigate the remains of the well, where the Leprechaun vows he will not rest until he recovers every last piece of his gold.'] ["After seventeen years of marriage, affluent Los Angeles suburban couple Richard Harmon  and his wife Barbara  seem to have it all, but they're constantly bickering. When they discover they no longer can communicate even to argue, they make an effort to salvage their relationship through counseling. But after catching each other emptying their joint bank accounts, they file for divorce. Richard finds himself living in a small apartment and trying to survive on $87.30 a week. His take-home income has been cut to ribbons by high alimony. Richard meets a recently divorced man, Nelson Downes , who introduces him to ex-wife Nancy . Nelson wants to marry off Nancy to be free of his alimony burden, so that he can marry his fiancee. Nancy also wishes to marry because she is lonely. Since Richard cannot now afford to be remarried, Nelson and Nancy plot to set up Barbara with a millionaire auto dealer, Big Al Yearling . Barbara begins a relationship with Big Al, but one night all of the principals end up in the audience at a nightclub show. A hypnotist puts Barbara in a trance and coaxes her into doing a mock striptease. But when instructed to kiss her true love, Barbara plants one on Richard, and just like that their marriage problems are resolved. Nelson, not to be deterred, immediately tries to get Nancy interested in Big Al."] ['The charismatic criminal Dobermann , who got his first gun when he was christened, leads a gang of brutal robbers with his beautiful, deaf girlfriend Nat the Gypsy . After a complex and brutal bank robbery, they are being hunted by the Paris police. The hunt is led by the sadistic cop Christini , who only has one goal: to catch Dobermann. At any cost.'] ['Set in the town of Springfield, Believe tells the story of Adam Pendon , a struggling truck driver who was recently laid off from his job at the steel mill when it closes. Adam is approached by a salesman for a multi-level marketing company, Believe Industries. The salesman, Mark Fuller , offers Adam a business opportunity. Adam agrees to meet Mark at a local hotel for the business meeting. This meeting is filled with distributors for Believe Industries, such as Dan Bretenheirmer  and Sally Bretenheirmer  who are unable to succeed at Believe, even though they sincerely try to work the program. Tom  and Amy Hawks  are a focused couple who also meet Adam. The owner of Believe is Howard Flash ([[Jeff Olson , who claims to have lived in a trailer park until the business of Believe saved his life and made him wealthy. Adam decides to join Believe and succeeds unexpectedly. He is invited to be a speaker at a Believe convention. The crux of the plot is Adam at a crossroads of either enjoying wealth and fame from Believe or walking away because he believes he is misleading other people with his wealth and fame.Kaleidoscope Pictures'] ["Laurel and Hardy are a hen-pecked pair of Gypsies in 18th Century Austria. When Oliver is out pickpocketing, fortune-telling or attending his zither lessons, his wife , has an affair with Devilshoof . A cruel nobleman, Count Arnheim, persecutes the Gypsies, who are forced to flee, but Mrs. Hardy kidnaps his daughter, Arline , leaves Hardy holding the baby, and elopes with Devilshoof. 12 years later, the Gypsies return to Arnheim's estate. When grown up Arline ([[Julie Bishop  trespasses in Arnheim's garden, she recognises the place, but is arrested by a constable  and sentenced to a lashing. Stan and Oliver try to save her, but Stan is too drunk and both are arrested. Just as Arline is stripped in order to be lashed she is rescued in time by Arnheim, who recognises a medallion she wears and a family birthmark, and both try to rescue Stan and Oliver. It is too late though: Laurel and Hardy end up in the torture chamber, resulting in one of the team's best sight gags."] ["Tristana is an orphan adopted by nobleman don Lope Garrido. Don Lope falls in love with her and thus treats her as daughter and wife from the age of 19. But, by age 21 Tristana starts finding her voice, to demand to study music, art and other subjects with which she wishes to become independent. She meets the young artist Horacio Díaz, falls in love, and eventually leaves Toledo to live with him. When she falls ill, she returns to don Lope. The illness results in her losing a leg, which changes her prospects; here, the film substantially varies from the novel. Don Lope inherits money from his sister, Tristana eventually marries him, and, when don Lope is ill, Tristana finishes him off by feigning calling the doctor and opening the window to the winter cold. By then she has become jaded like don Lope.  In the novel she resignedly marries him in order for don Lope to receive his inheritance. Also different from the novel is Saturno's increased role , but in the film is Tristana's third love interest."] ['Tony Mareda, Jr., a former Olympic athlete turned world\'s greatest private detective, is driving across the country when he is attacked by mobsters. Chased to the sleepy backwater town of Beamsville, Tony ducks into the local drive-in theater, where he is followed by his pursuers. As Tony hunts down and dispatches the hit men amidst the parked cars, a pink meteor roars overhead and crashes in the nearby woods, causing the townspeople to rush out of the theater to look for it. As the young couples search the woods, however, the women begin to hear a ringing sound coming from the glowing pink rock that turns them into lusty nymphomaniacs. Now under the thrall of the meteor, the women defend it by seducing the men. One of the few who avoids the effect is the local TV weatherman, Clip Bacardi, who is too engrossed in his discovery of a small fragment of the meteor to notice the attempts by his temporarily-aroused girlfriend, librarian Mary Ann Kowalski, to come onto him. The next morning, the local authorities discover an empty crater where the meteor landed, with the men who went looking for it in catatonic states scattered throughout the woods. Facing a challenge from Mary Ann in the upcoming election, the mayor of Beamsville orders the town deputy to enlist the help of Tony Mareda in finding out what happened to the men. That evening, however, Clip goes on the air with his fragment; the sound it emits transforms all of the women watching the broadcast into sex-hungry servants of the meteor. As Tony begins his investigation, the women incapacitate a key witness and take over the local television station. Escaping the women at the station, Clip joins Tony, the mayor, and other townspeople in forming a posse to hunt for the meteor; as they search the woods, Clip encounters his scantily-clad girlfriend, who nearly incapacitates him before Tony is able to render her unconscious using chloroform. After placing Mary Ann in the town jail, Tony and Clip go back into the woods and track the meteor to a cave. They escape a group of women who arrive to worship it, but their effort to drive to the next town for help is frustrated by a roadblock. They return to Beamsville to find that the women\'s takeover of the town is complete, with the remaining men wandering the streets in dazed stupors. Clip attempts to discover how to defeat the meteor by experimenting on the fragment he possesses, but is overcome by the fumes produced after accidentally setting it on fire. Tony is also subdued by a group of women in a pink Sherman tank, who knock him unconscious when they blast apart the town jail where he takes refuge. Tony is awakened back in the cave by Mary Ann, who announces that the meteor, which she refers to as "Betty," has chosen him to be the father of its offspring. As the meteor draws Tony to it, however, the cave wall to which he is chained collapses and the chamber is flooded with water &mdash; the meteor\'s weakness. After it is washed out of the cave, Tony and Mary Ann  work together to push the pulsating rock into the town lake, destroying it and returning the controlled women to normal.'] ['Jim McAllister  is a high school teacher in the suburbs of Omaha, Nebraska whose enthusiastic involvement at school masks his frustration with other aspects of his life. Tracy Flick  is an overachieving senior with a secret vindictive and sexual side. Earlier in the year, Tracy had an affair with another teacher, McAllister\'s best friend Dave . As a result, Dave was fired and divorced by his wife Linda ; Tracy walked away without reprisal or punishment. One day, Tracy announces that she is running for student body president, which horrifies McAllister, who is in charge of organizing the school\'s student government and truly despises Tracy. Set to run unopposed, McAllister decides to teach Tracy a lesson in humility by introducing another candidate. Paul Metzler ([[Chris Klein  is a polite and popular football player at the school. Paul is unable to play football his final year due to a broken leg, leaving him depressed. McAllister convinces him to register for the election in order to stop Tracy\'s chances of winning, since McAllister thinks that Tracy wins the election, she will have to spend more time with him which might lead to the same misfortune that his best friend had. At first, Paul does not like the idea because he does not feel smart enough to run in the election, and he does not want to go against Tracy, who has been nice to him, even letting him copy her homework. Eventually, Paul agrees with McAllister because the election gives him a new purpose. This brings out Tracy\'s vindictiveness, as she is jealous of Paul’s ease at being successful and popular. Meanwhile, Paul\'s younger sister Tammy  is dumped by her girlfriend, Lisa , who says that she is heterosexual and was just "experimenting". Lisa does not waste time in "getting over" Tammy, performing oral sex on Paul after asking him to drive her home from school one day. The two become an item  and election partners, in part to anger Tammy. In retaliation, Tammy decides to run for president as well, with a platform that student government is a sham. During a school assembly to hear their speeches, after Tracy draws only polite applause and Paul gets a strong reaction, Tammy delivers a defiant speech in which she denounces the election by saying that the school president does not really help the student body, and only uses the position to get credentials for college applications, much to Tracy\'s chagrin. Tammy also declares that she will dissolve the student government if elected. This rallies the student body to a standing ovation. Fearing the student body will vote for Tammy and thus the dissolution of the student government, Tammy is suspended and kicked out of the election. While at school one night over the weekend, Tracy tries to fix one of her posters, but accidentally tears it. In a fit of uncharacteristic rage, she destroys all of Paul\'s campaign posters. She tries to dispose of them at the power plant, but is observed doing so by Tammy. The next day, when confronted by McAllister, Tracy claims innocence and threatens legal action against the school. Tracy then sees Tammy talking to McAllister and showing him the torn posters, which makes Tracy panic. However, Tammy is actually "confessing" to Tracy\'s crime and is then transferred to a private parochial school for girls, which was the original objective of her false confession. Later, McAllister, who is secretly attracted to Linda, kisses her spontaneously the day before the election. Linda asks Jim to rent a motel room for a later rendezvous and he leaves school during a class to prepare the room. However, when he arrives later to pick her up, she is not there. He returns home to find Linda and his wife  talking together. Knowing he has been caught, Jim spends the night in his car outside Linda\'s house. The next morning, McAllister oversees the counting of the election ballots at school. During this, he calls Linda several times, professing his love for her, after a bee sting. Jim\'s wife kicks him out of the house when he tries to apologize. After all the ballots are counted, Tracy has won by one vote . After seeing Tracy dancing around excitedly in the hall, McAllister deduces that she found out that she won before it was announced. McAllister secretly disposes of two of Tracy’s ballots and then demands a recount, naming Paul as the winner. While McAllister and his student argue about the validity of vote, it is suggested that the tally of protest votes for Tammy  exceeded that of either other candidate. When a janitor discovers the two discarded ballots and presents them to the principal, McAllister resigns from his job. Divorced and humiliated, McAllister leaves Nebraska, ultimately choosing to fulfill a longtime dream of moving to New York City, becoming a tour guide at the American Museum of Natural History, where he meets a new woman. Tracy gets accepted into Georgetown University , while Paul gets into the University of Nebraska. Tammy loves her new school, where she has met her new girlfriend. As the film closes, Jim recounts his final encounter with Tracy. After seeing her climb into a limousine with a politician, McAllister is reminded of his friend Dave and what Tracy has done to get where she is. Jim hurls a soda cup at the limousine, then makes a quick getaway. The final scene of the film shows Jim asking questions to some children he is giving a tour to at the Museum, all the while deliberately ignoring an overeager girl, the only one of the group who could answer, as she reminds him of Tracy.'] ['Miles Monroe , a jazz musician and owner of the \'Happy Carrot\' Health-Food store in 1973, is made subject to Cryopreservation without his consent, and not revived for 200 years. The scientists who revive him are members of a rebellion: 22nd-century America seems to be a police state ruled by a dictator, about to implement a secret plan known as the "Aires Project". The rebels hope to use Miles as a spy to infiltrate the Aires Project, because he is the only member of this society without a known biometric identity. The authorities discover the scientists\' project, and arrest them; but Miles escapes by disguising himself as a robot, and goes to work as a butler in the house of socialite Luna Schlosser . When Luna decides to have his head replaced with something more "aesthetically pleasing," Miles reveals his true identity to her; whereupon Luna threatens to give Miles to the authorities. In response, he kidnaps her and goes on the run, searching for the Aires Project. Miles and Luna fall in love; but Miles is captured and brainwashed, by which he becomes a complacent member of futuristic society, while Luna joins the rebellion. The rebels kidnap Miles and force reverse-brainwashing, whereupon he remembers his past and joins their efforts. Miles becomes jealous when he catches Luna kissing the rebel leader, Erno Windt ([[John Beck , and she tells him that she believes in free love. Miles and Luna successfully infiltrate the Aires Project, wherein they learn that the national Leader was killed by a rebel bomb ten months previously, and all that survives is his nose. The nose has been kept alive, and the members of the Aires Project, mistaking Miles and Luna for doctors, ask them to clone the leader from this single remaining part; but Miles steals the nose and "assassinates" it by dropping it in the path of a steamroller. After escaping, Miles and Luna debate their future together. He tells her that Erno will inevitably become as corrupt as the Leader. Miles and Luna confess their love for one another, but she claims that science has proven men and women cannot have meaningful relationships due to chemical incompatibilities. Miles dismisses this, saying that he does not believe in science, and Luna points out that he does not believe in God or political systems either. Luna asks Miles if there is anything he does believe in, and he responds with the famous line, "Sex and death. Two things that come once in a lifetime. But at least after death you\'re not nauseous."{{cite web}} The two embrace.'] ['The film covers Karen Carpenter from the time of her "discovery" in 1966 to her untimely death by cardiac arrest  in 1983. The movie begins with a quasi-first person recap of her mother Agnes Carpenter discovering Karen\'s body in her parents\' Downey, California home on February 4, 1983, and then returns by flashback to 1966. The story touches on major points in Karen\'s life from 1966 on: *the duo\'s signing with record label A&M *their initial success and subsequent decline *Karen\'s development of anorexia nervosa {{Fact}} *her on-stage collapse in Las Vegas *her search for treatment for her anorexia nervosa *her attempt to restart her career *a claim that she gradually developed a reliance on syrup of ipecac . An unusual facet of the film was that, instead of actors, almost all parts were played by modified Barbie dolls. In particular, Haynes detailed Karen Carpenter\'s worsening anorexia by subtly whittling away at the face and arms of the "Karen" Barbie doll. Sets were created properly scaled to the dolls, including locales such as the Carpenter home in Downey, Karen\'s apartment in Century City, restaurants, recording studios – including minute details such as labels on wine bottles and Ex-Lax boxes. Interspersed with the story were documentary-style segments detailing the times in which Karen Carpenter lived and also detailing anorexia; these segments were seen as dry and melodramatic parodies of the documentary genre. The underlying soundtrack included many popular hits of the day, including songs by Gilbert O\'Sullivan, Elton John, Leon Russell and the Carpenters themselves. The tone of the film was sympathetic to Karen, especially in regards to her anorexia, but much of that sympathy was gained by making the other characters as unsympathetic as possible. Karen\'s parents, Harold and Agnes, were portrayed as overly controlling, attempting to keep Karen living at home even after she turned twenty-five; Agnes, in addition, was portrayed as unaware of the extent of Karen\'s problem with anorexia. The duo\'s initial meeting with A&M Records owner Herb Alpert was intercut with stock footage of Vietnam War scenes. Richard Carpenter was portrayed as a rampant perfectionist who frequently sided with his parents against Karen, and was also depicted as more concerned with his and Karen\'s careers than with Karen\'s health. This culminated in a scene where Richard berates a fatigued and obviously ill Karen for not meeting business demands, asking her, "What are you trying to do? Ruin both of our careers?", causing her to break down in tears. Haynes even insinuated during a fight between Richard and Karen that Richard was homosexual – which, if it had been reported to the public in the 1970s, would have destroyed the Carpenters\' "clean-cut" image and the group\'s career. Haynes\' treatment of the film was quite dark; his choice of black captions often blended in with the scene, rendering them unreadable. Additionally, Haynes worked spanking  into the film with a repeated segment featuring a black-and-white overhead view of someone, possibly Harold, administering an over-the-knee spanking to a bare-bottomed adult Karen. The meaning of this segment is never discussed, leaving it to the viewer\'s imagination – it may be an actual event, a representation of Karen\'s self-loathing regarding her inability to be the "perfect" child, or a representation of the self-discipline involved with her anorexia.'] ["A lunatic with a digging compulsion  escapes from an asylum, steals a jackhammer and proceeds to open up a main street and traffic artery in Tel Aviv . Rather than question his actions, the police, as well as city officials, assume he is operating under the municipality’s orders and aid him as much as they can. Complaints from local residents, whose lives become a living hell due to the noise and traffic jams, lead to infighting amongst city departments. To speed up the work, so that it would be completed before the start of the municipal elections, the city sends armies of construction workers and heavy equipment to help the lone compressor, turning a mere annoyance into a full blown disaster. By the time the city officials realize they are destroying a street without any plans or goals it is too late: Allenby Street is connected with the Mediterranean Sea and a canal is created. The mayor then declares, in a flamboyant opening ceremony, that Tel Aviv has been turned into the Venice of the Middle East. The lone citizen  who realized that the 'project' was the work of a lunatic, is laughed at, and branded a lunatic himself. In the final scene, Blaumilch is seen digging up Kings of Israel Square near Tel Aviv's municipality building."] ['Two black bounty hunters, "Boss Nigger" and Amos , ride into a small Western town in pursuit of fugitive Jed Clayton ([[William Smith . When they discover that the town has no sheriff, "Boss Nigger" takes that position for himself after outsmarting the cowardly white mayor . As sheriff, "Boss Nigger" kills several outlaws who work for Jed. He soon meets two women, Miss Pruit , a white schoolteacher who falls in love with him, and Clara Mae, a black woman  who is saved by "Boss Nigger" early in the film. She is also in love with him. Mayor Griffin soon tries to rape Clara Mae. Mayor Griffin then alerts Jed of the new sheriff, and of the murder of and imprisonment of some of his outlaws. Jed and his outlaws then attempt to help the imprisoned outlaw escape by blowing a hole in the prison wall using dynamite. The plan does not go well. However, Jed and his outlaws tie "Boss Nigger" to a pole, and Jed tells him that he will die a slow, painful death. However, Amos and Clara Mae, who was kidnapped by Jed\'s men, help "Boss Nigger" escape. After he escapes, however, Jed and his men ride into town. Jed tries to rape Clara Mae, but she rejects him, and so he kills her with his revolver. A shootout occurs between Jed and his men and "Boss Nigger" and his allies. Jed and "Boss" have a face off, ending with "Boss Nigger" finally killing Jed. However,as he steps outside, "Boss" is shot twice and severely wounded by Mayor Griffin. "Boss" and Amos leave town after "Boss" kisses Miss Pruit goodbye. As they ride off, the theme song of Boss Nigger plays.'] ['While on holiday in Paris, Ollie falls in love with the beautiful daughter of an innkeeper. When he discovers that she is married, he is heartbroken to the point of committing suicide. Just as he about to leap into a river , an officer from the Foreign Legion convinces the duo to enlist. They do so, and end up wreaking havoc in training camp. After being arrested for desertion, they manage to escape by stealing an airplane, which ultimately crashes. Sadly, Ollie dies in the crash but is reincarnated as a horse, which pleases Stan.'] ['Middle-aged Martin Mirkhein  is a complete failure. He\'s run a successful business into debt, his marriage is falling apart, and now he owes the IRS $147,956 in back taxes. Martin may not have much going for him but he has read "Daniel Strong," a best-selling, self-help novel by the popular TV guru Dr. Waxling . Now he wants to turn the novel into a major motion picture. To do that, Martin needs the rights and the revenue. Given his grating personality and terrible track record, it won\'t be easy to get a hold of either. He sets out to meet with Dr. Waxling but ends up sleeping with Waxling\'s screenwriter-assistant Marie  instead. Determined to make a movie, Martin and Marie move to New York. There, they get involved with wealthy Kim Ulander , an enigmatic businessman with quirky tendencies and a repressed desire to live dangerously. If they aren\'t careful, this daring duo may not come out of this deal alive.'] ['Deadly Drifter is about a team, known as "Our Friends", searching for the "Old Man", who is dying. Their trip across the U.S. takes many twists and turns along the way, as you see through the eyes of the main character, Rex/Harrold, who ultimately questions society. Whales are part of his ultimate revelation.'] ['Bourgeois Parisian, Latin Quarter bookseller, Edouard Lestingois, , rescues a tramp, Boudu, from a suicidal plunge into the river Seine, from the Pont des Arts. Boudu is brought into Lestingois\' household. The family adopts the man and dedicates itself to reforming him into a proper middle class person. Boudu  shows his gratitude by shaking the household to its foundations, challenging the hidebound manners of his hosts and seduces not only the housemaid but also Madame Lestingois herself. Gradually Boudu is tamed, shaved and given a haircut, and put in a suit. Then he wins a large sum of money on the lottery, and is guided into marrying the housemaid. Finally however, at the wedding scene, Boudu capsizes a rowing boat and floats away from the wedding party, and "back to his old vagrancy, a free spirit once more." Richard Boston Boudu Saved from Drowning, London: BFI , 1994, p.10 ISBN 0-85170-467-0'] ['The plot involves the Captain America/Superman inspired super-hero called "Captain Invincible"  who is active during World War II and afterwards. Once a popular hero to all Americans he is forced into retirement in the 1950s following the government\'s persecution of him. This takes the form of a McCarthy-ish congressional investigation which accuses him of being a communist . He is charged with violating U.S. airspace by flying without a proper license, impersonating a military officer and wearing underwear in public. He disappears from the public eye, moving to Australia and becoming an alcoholic. Thirty years later, his old rival "Mr. Midnight" re-emerges and steals a secret government super-weapon – the hypno-ray. The US government asks Captain Invincible to return, and the story follows his attempts to return to super-heroing and redeem his reputation.'] ["The mysterious Michael Rimmer  appears at a small and ailing British advertising agency, where the employees assume he is working on a time and motion study. However, he quickly begins to assert a de facto authority over the firm’s mostly ineffectual staff and soon acquires control of the business from the incompetent boss Ferret . Rimmer then succeeds in establishing the newly invigorated firm as the country’s leading polling agency, and begins to make regular TV appearances as a polling expert. He subsequently moves into politics, acting as an adviser to the leader of the Tory opposition, and then becomes an MP himself, for the constituency of Budleigh Moor , along the way acquiring a trophy wife . Relying on a combination of charisma and deception--and murder--he then rapidly works his way up the political ladder to become prime minister , and finally, by public demand, a near-dictatorial president. Ferret attempts an assassination from a window when Rimmer and his wife's opened topped car is in a passing motorcade - but fails. The film satirised the growing influence of PR, spin and opinion polls in British politics,<ref namehttp://www.guardian.co.uk/film/2007/jun/30/television.comedy|titleCook|first30 June 2007|publisher2009-10-14}} as well as parodying political figures of the time such as Harold Wilson and Enoch Powell. Peter Cook admitted later that he had partly based his portrayal of the Rimmer character on David Frost, who had provided funding for the film<ref nameThompson|firstPeter Cook: A Biography|publisher1997|pages0-340-64969-0}} and took an executive producer credit. Latterly, the film has acquired a fresh contemporary relevance in that Michael Rimmer's character and career seem eerily predictive of Tony Blair ."] ['In the late 1970s, the United States is no more due to a financial crisis and military coup. Major political parties have collapsed into a single Bipartisan Party, which also acts as a unified national church. The resulting fascist police state, the United Provinces, is headed by "Mr. President" . The country is kept satisfied through a stream of gory gladiatorial entertainment, including the Annual Transcontinental Death Race, a symbol of modern values and way of life. During the coast-to-coast, three-day race points are scored not just for speed, but for the number of innocent pedestrians killed during the race. Frankenstein  is the most celebrated racer and is the government\'s champion. He is supposedly part human and part machine, rebuilt after many crashes, and wears a mask because of his disfigured face. He regularly battles with the other drivers and Frankenstein\'s main foe is "Machine Gun" Joe Viterbo , who hates always being second and frequently tries to beat Frankenstein. Each race driver has a theme. Frankenstein drives a Shala Vette, a custom-built car designed by Dick Dean. Joe is a Gangster, and his truck has a giant knife and machine guns mounted on the front. Nero The Hero, a fan of the Roman Empire, drives "The Lion", a feline-shaped Fiat 850 Spider, and his navigator is Cleopatra. Matilda The Hun, a Nazi, has the "The Buzz-Bomb", a VW Karmann-Ghia shaped like V-1 flying bomb and her navigator is \'Herman The German\' Boch. Cowboy Calamity Jane\'s car resembles a bull and her navigator is named Pete. In 2000, during the 20th annual race, a resistance group led by Thomasina Paine , a descendant of 1770\'s American Revolutionist Thomas Paine, wants to assassinate Frankenstein and replace him with one of their agents. The group is assisted by Paine\'s great granddaughter Annie , Frankenstein\'s latest navigator. She plans to lure him into an ambush to be replaced by a double. The resistance\'s disruption of the race is blamed on the French. They are also blamed for ruining the country\'s economy and telephone system. It becomes clear that Frankenstein is not a willing government stooge, nor is he the only one. The current Frankenstein is one of many people trained to race in the role. "When one is used up, they bring in another," he tells Annie. The current Frankenstein also has his own plans: win the race and shake hands with Mr. President, detonating a grenade which has been implanted in his prosthetic right hand . Frankenstein successfully outmaneuvers both the rival drivers and the Resistance, and is declared the winner, although he is wounded and unable to carry out his original grenade attack plan,since Annie used the grenade to kill an attacking Joe Viterbo. Annie instead dons Frankenstein\'s disguise and plans to stab Mr. President while with him on the podium. Greeting the president as he congratulates Frankenstein , Annie is mistakenly shot and wounded by her grandmother. The real Frankenstein finally succeeds in killing the President by ramming the stage with his car. In an epilogue, Annie and Frankenstein marry. Frankenstein, now President, abolishes the race and the perverse laws of the Provinces. He does make a point, however, of running over reporter Junior Bruce , the lousy commentator of the race.'] ['Curry is the Rev. Ray Porter, who runs a Pentecostal faith healing and televangelism empire based in Arkansas. A small group of stereotypical rednecks, one of whom was bilked out of her inheritance by Rev. Porter\'s ministry and another of whom just got out of prison, try to rob Porter\'s ministry. A series of wrong turns inside the church during the robbery leads the robbers onstage right in the middle of a broadcast, and the three robbers turn what was supposed to have been "just" a robbery into a hostage situation. During the hostage negotiations, a series of snowballing scandals involving the ministry come to light. The robbery, hostage taking, and scandal revelations are all broadcast live over satellite television as locals gather in bars to watch. Rev. Porter and the robbers develop a rapport during the hostage situation that resembles shop talk among thieves, as they discuss the best ways of investing stolen money. One comic subplot involves the Christian network\'s producer, a drug-addled electronics wizard named Stonewall who decorates his workspace with Pink Floyd posters, but was hired by the network because "he has found the Lord...he told us so himself." Another subplot involves a local sheriff, himself also an archetypal redneck whose duck hunting trip was interrupted by the incident, who seems to sympathize with the would-be robbers. The film is partly about his moral struggle in trying to enforce the law when his sympathies lie elsewhere. He just wants to see the situation end with nobody getting hurt, and butts heads with the network\'s owner and federal agents who demand harsher action. The owner of the satellite network, whose character is based on Jerry Falwell, demands that the National Guard be called in leading to a siege and climactic ending.'] ['Set in New Jersey during the Great Depression, the film tells the story of Cecilia , a clumsy waitress who goes to the movies to escape her bleak life and loveless, abusive marriage to Monk , whom she has attempted to leave on numerous occasions. The latest film Cecilia sees is a fictitious RKO Radio Pictures film, The Purple Rose of Cairo. It is the story of a rich Manhattan playwright  who goes on an exotic vacation to Egypt with companions Jason ([[John Wood  and Rita . While in Egypt, the three meet archaeologist Tom Baxter . Tom is brought back for a "madcap Manhattan weekend" where he falls head-over-heels for Kitty Haynes , a chanteuse at the Copacabana. After Cecilia sits through the film several times, Tom, noticing her, breaks the fourth wall, and emerges from the black-and-white screen into the colorful real world on the other side of the cinema\'s screen. He tells Cecilia that he is attracted to her after noticing her watching him so many times, and she takes him around New York. Later, he takes her into the film and they have a great evening on the town within the film. The two fall in love. But the character\'s defection from the film has caused some problems. In other copies of the film, others have tried to exit the screen. The producer of the film learns that Tom has left the film, and he flies cross-country to New Jersey with actor Gil Shepherd . This sets up an unusual love triangle involving Tom, Gil and Cecilia. Cecilia must choose between them and she decides to choose the real person of Gil rather than the fantasy figure of Tom. She gives up the chance to return with Tom to his world, choosing to stay with Gil and have a \'real\' life. She breaks up with her husband. But Gil\'s professions of love for Cecilia were false&mdash;he wooed her only to get Tom to return to the movie and thereby save Gil\'s Hollywood career. Gil abandons Cecilia and is seen quietly racked with guilt on his flight back to Hollywood. Having been left without a lover, job or home, Cecilia ends up immersing herself in the frothy escapism of Hollywood once again, sitting in a theater watching Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers dancing to "Cheek-to-Cheek" in the film Top Hat, forgetting her dire situation and losing herself in the film.'] ['Beverly Sutphin  appears to be a typical suburban housewife living with her dentist husband Eugene  and their children, Misty  and Chip  in the suburbs of Baltimore. Behind her chipper façade, however, she is a serial killer, murdering people over the smallest criticism, insult or slight. The film opens with the Sutphin family having breakfast and Beverly attentively taking care of family\'s needs until two police officers arrive to question the family about the mail threats and obscene phone calls to a fellow resident of the area, Dottie Hinkle. After a brief interview the family members and the police leave the house to begin their day, except Beverly who goes to the upstairs master bedroom and makes obscene phone calls by changing her voice to Dottie, revealing herself as the predator who has been bothering her. The reason for this is that Dottie stole a parking space from Beverly at the mall. Beverly\'s friend and neighbor, Rosemary Ackerman enters the house and surprises her as she finishes her prank call. This is so she can lend Beverly her sewing supplies and materials, including a pair of scissors. The first murder she is known to commit occurs after Beverly attends a PTA where Mr. Stubbins , Chip\'s high school math teacher, criticizes her son\'s morbid fascination with violent horror films and further questions the strength of family unit as well as recommending therapy for Chip. She runs him over with her car, killing him. A woman smoking marijuana witnesses the incident. The following morning, Beverly\'s husband, Eugene is called into the office by Betty Sterner. Misty is upset when she gets stood up by a date, Carl Pageant , proclaiming her desire to kill him. Beverly cautions Misty about using words she doesn\'t mean and subsequently sees the police investigating her trash cans and her car. Beverly skillfully deflects the cops\' questions before her husband asks the cops to leave. Later, seeing Carl with another girl  at a local indoor swap meet, Beverly impales him in a men\'s restroom with a fireplace poker that Rosemary, who came along, had purchased. Again a miscreant, a pervert, looking through a hole in one of the stalls, witnesses Beverly hiding in a toilet stall following the murder. Among the first to suspect Beverly\'s crimes is her neighbor, Dottie Hinkle, the person to whom she had been making obscene phone calls and sending threatening letters. After both coincidentally meet at Rosemary\'s house one afternoon, Beverly asks Rosemary a question in a similar tone of voice she used in her calls to Dottie, making Dottie realize the person harassing her is Beverly. After being interviewed by the police at his dental office, Beverly\'s husband Eugene uncovers disturbing items hidden under their mattress, including an autographed beefcake photo of Richard Speck , an audiotape of Ted Bundy (voice of [[John Waters , and a scrapbook filled with newspaper clippings of Jonestown and Charles Manson. After realizing her mother\'s role in Carl\'s death, Misty visits the video store where her brother works and announces to Chip and his friends, "Our mother is Charles Manson." That evening over dinner, Beverly\'s son comments that his friend Scotty thinks that she is the killer. Beverly dismisses this, but promptly gets up from the table and leaves. A moment later, the family hears Beverly\'s car driving away and set off in pursuit, thinking she is going to kill Scotty. Beverly\'s husband and children go to Scotty\'s house and break in only to find him alive and masturbating to a pornographic movie. The police barge in as well, to Scotty\'s further embarrassment. Beverly, in fact, is going to kill the Sterners and after some very skillful driving evades the police car following her. Upon arriving at the Sterners\' house, she spies on the Sterners who are having a chicken dinner, angering her as Beverly is an avid bird watcher. This, in concert with the fact that Betty called Eugene into the office on a Saturday morning as well as disregarding her husband\'s advice about not eating sweets , makes Beverly decide they must die. Beverly promptly sneaks into the house via the upstairs window in the bedroom and hides under the bed. When Betty opens the closet, Beverly stabs her in the stomach with scissors. When Ralph runs upstairs, he finds his wife dead and Beverly unsuccessfully tries to throw the same pair of scissors at him and kill him. Ralph runs outside calling for help and Beverly topples an air conditioner onto him, killing him. When the Sutphins go to church that Sunday , they hear a news report on the car radio naming Beverly as the suspect in two more murders — Betty  and Ralph Sterner . The family silently come to the conclusion that Beverly is indeed the murderer. When they arrive at church, they are met with suspicion and fear by the other congregants. The church\'s message board announces that the day\'s sermon is "Capital Punishment & You". The church service ends in pandemonium when a suspicious sound causes everyone, except Beverly, to panic and flee the church, including the minister. Police detectives confirm that Beverly\'s fingerprints match those at the Sterner crime scene and attempt to arrest her, but she manages to escape. She hides at the video rental store where her son works. She overhears a customer named Mrs. Jensen bickering with Chip over paying a fee for failing to rewind a videotape. After renting the film version of Annie, Mrs. Jensen calls Chip a "son of a psycho". Beverly sneaks out and follows Mrs. Jensen home, where Mrs. Jensen begins to watch the opening credits of Annie and sing along to "Tomorrow", then bludgeons her to death with a leg of lamb. She then notices one of Chip\'s friends, Scotty , spying from a window and begins chasing him. She tries to stab him with a knife through the car\'s convertible roof while yelling at him, "Wear your seat belt! It\'s the law!" Scotty drives off, but Beverly carjacks a passing van and follows him to Hammerjack\'s, where an all-girl band named Camel Lips ([[L7  is playing. Scotty tries to escape by running on stage, but Beverly causes a light fixture to fall on him and sets him on fire using a cigarette lighter and an aerosol can onstage in front of the deranged crowd listening to the band. Her family arrives and the police arrest Beverly, while the crowd cheer in support for "Serial Mom", as Beverly has been named by the media. Her trial becomes a national sensation. Having already been dubbed "Serial Mom", a TV movie about the case starring Suzanne Somers is planned. Chip hires an agent to manage the family\'s media appearances, while Misty and her new boyfriend, a reporter for The Baltimore Sun, sell merchandise about their mother\'s trial outside the courthouse. During opening arguments, Beverly notices that a member of the jury  is wearing white shoes after Labor Day, a fashion faux pas, during the whole trial. When Beverly brings this to the attention of her own attorney, he dismisses the comment, and claims that Beverly is not guilty by reason of insanity. She asks that her lawyer be fired and that she be permitted to represent herself. The judge reluctantly agrees and the trial begins. Beverly proves to be quite formidable defending herself at trial. When Dottie Hinkle testifies that Beverly is her prank phone caller, Beverly\'s courtroom antics cause Dottie to explode in a cursing fit, destroying her credibility and the judge holds her in contempt of court. When Rosemary Ackerman takes the stand, Beverly destroys her credibility by revealing that it was Ackerman\'s magazine which was the source for the nuisance letters to Dottie Hinkle, Ackerman\'s firepoker , which was used to kill Carl Pageant, and Ackerman\'s scissors  that were found at the Sterner murder scene. Beverly gets Ackerman to admit she doesn\'t recycle, which provokes exaggerated disgust from the jury. During the testimony of Marvin Pickles , who had seen her through a peephole in the restroom stall with the poker just before Carl\'s murder, Beverly fans her legs, sexually arousing the man and confusing him into to saying he had lied and never saw Beverly in the stall. Lu-Ann Hodges, the stoner who saw Beverly\'s car drive over Mr. Stubbins is discredited by her intoxicated demeanor, only recalling a blue car rather than a blue station wagon. Beverly questions Detective Gracey about the merits of judging her by her reading materials, which he obtained by searching her garbage, bolstering her own argument by displaying a porno magazine, Chicks with Dicks, which she claims was found in the detective\'s trash by her garbage man friends . During the second detective\'s testimony, the entire courtroom is starstruck and distracted from crucial evidence by the sudden appearance of Suzanne Somers, who would be portraying Beverly as the heroine of a television movie. When the verdict is read and Beverly is found not guilty on all charges, she laughs and announces "Oh, I\'m coming home!" to her family, who are clearly stunned and unnerved by her acquittal, they vow to "Never get on her nerves". During the post-trial interviews, Beverly follows the juror wearing white shoes to a pay phone in a conveniently empty ladies\' room. After lecturing the juror on the folly of wearing white after Labor Day and refusing to accept her apologies, Beverly kills the juror by striking her in the head hard with the payphone receiver. She joins her family just as Somers wants to have a picture taken with Beverly, who doesn\'t want to. Beverly gets increasingly angry at Somers\' insistence before yelling at her "Suzanne Somers! This is my bad side!" At that moment someone discovers the juror\'s body and begins screaming. Somers realizes what Beverly\'s family already knows: that the woman Somers pretentiously labeled a "feminist heroine" is indeed "Serial Mom". The film ends with a close-in on Beverly\'s face, as her lips quiver into a small but diabolical smile and a screen appears displaying the message that Beverly "refused to cooperate" with the making of the film, further playing on the premise of the film\'s reality.'] ['Joel Goodson  is a high school student who lives with his wealthy parents in the North Shore area of suburban Chicago. His father wants him to attend Princeton University, so Joel\'s mother tells him to tell the interviewer, Bill Rutherford, about his participation in Future Enterprisers, an extracurricular activity in which students work in teams to create small businesses. When his parents go away on a trip, Joel is left with explicit instructions not to touch the stereo system and not to use his father\'s Porsche. Joel\'s friend, Miles , convinces him to take advantage of his newfound freedom to have some fun. On the first night, he raids the liquor cabinet, plays the stereo loudly, and dances around the living room in his underwear, socks and pink dress shirt to "Old Time Rock and Roll". Later, he and his friend Barry  take the Porsche out and drive it recklessly. The following day, Miles calls a call girl named Jackie on Joel\'s behalf despite his frustrated objections. Jackie  turns out to be a tall, masculine transvestite. Joel reluctantly pays Jackie most of the money his parents gave him to go away, but before she leaves, she gives Joel the number for Lana, another prostitute, promising that she\'s "what every white boy off the lake wants". That night, Joel is unable to sleep and hesitantly calls Lana . She turns out to be a gorgeous blonde and they have sex all night. The following morning, Lana asks Joel for $300 for her services. Having no money in the house, he goes to the bank, but when he returns, Lana is gone, along with his mother\'s expensive Steuben crystal egg. Joel and Miles find Lana at a restaurant and demand the egg back, but they are interrupted by Lana\'s pimp, Guido , who pulls a gun. Joel (in his father\'s Porsche 928"The Risky Business Porsche 928" by Greg Hudock [[Excellence  is chased by Guido, but manages to escape. The next morning, Lana tells Joel that the egg is with the rest of her stuff at Guido\'s. Joel lets Lana stay at his house while he goes to school. When he returns, his friends are over, and Lana has invited another prostitute, Vicki , to stay. Later, Lana mentions to Joel that his friends should collaborate with her friends to make money. Joel rejects the idea. That night, Joel, Lana, Vicki, and Barry go out. They get stoned, and while Vicky and Barry wander away, Joel and Lana talk. Lana takes offense to something Joel says and leaves. While retrieving her purse from Joel\'s car, she inadvertently moves the shifter out of gear. Moments later, the car rolls down the hill and onto a pier, despite Joel\'s futile attempt to stop it. The pier collapses, dumping the Porsche into Lake Michigan. Joel takes the car to a repair shop and is horrified to learn how much it will cost to fix it. Arriving tardy to school, Joel realizes his lateness will cause him to fail 2 midterms. He attempts to explain his situation to the school nurse but is coldly rebuffed. He grabs the nurse by the collar and calmly demands compassion. Following this, Joel is suspended for 5 days and kicked out of Future Enterprisers. He goes to see Lana, who decides to turn the Goodsons\' house into a brothel for a night; Joel\'s share of the profits will pay for the car repairs. The party is a huge success; the house is packed with Joel\'s friends and classmates and Lana\'s co-workers. However, Rutherford  chooses that night to evaluate Joel for admission to Princeton. The interview is plagued by interruptions, and Rutherford is unimpressed by Joel\'s resume. Unaffected by the apparent rejection, Joel famously puts on a pair of Wayfarers and joyously exclaims, "Looks like University of Illinois!" Afterwards, Rutherford stays at the party and becomes acquainted with Lana\'s friends. After the party, Joel and Lana go and have sex on the deserted Chicago \'L\'. The next morning, Joel finds his house has been burgled. When he tries to call Lana, Guido answers; he tells Joel that he will let Joel buy back his furniture. Joel buys back all of the furniture, the final piece being the glass egg. Guido\'s female associate tosses the egg like a football and Joel just barely manages to catch it before it hits the ground. Fortunately, Joel and his friends manage to get everything moved back in just as his parents walk in, though his mother notices a crack in her egg. Joel eventually accepts responsibility and goes out to rake the yard. His father comes up to him and excitedly informs Joel that Rutherford was satisfied with the interview and said "Princeton could use a guy like Joel". Joel meets Lana at a restaurant, and they speculate about their future. She tells him that she wants to keep on seeing him; he jokes that it will cost her. In a final voiceover, Joel reveals that, for his Future Enterprises class, he "deals in human fulfillment" and it has turned quite a profit. He ends by quoting Guido: "Time of your life, huh kid?"  The newly remastered 25th-anniversary edition offers "both the upbeat studio ending and Mr. Brickman\'s original, more tentative and melancholic conclusion"."Critic\'s Choice" by Dave Kehr The New York Times. October 6, 2008. In this ending, while Joel is still accepted into Princeton, the film ends on an ambiguous note. Joel and Lana ponder the future and Joel then asks Lana if their "night together" was all a setup. Lana denies this, but it is clear that Joel has difficulty believing Lana and states that he does not want her to get hurt, to which Lana exclaims in frustration, "Why does it have to be so tough?" Joel asks Lana for her embrace, and she embraces him reluctantly. The scene and film conclude not with the quote from Guido, but with the voiced-over line, "Isn\'t life grand?" "Original Ending to Risky Business" YouTube. Retrieved July 14, 2012. After test screenings, it was decided by The Geffen Company that the film needed a more upbeat ending.'] [" At the start of the film, we see a black-and-white television show, which appears to be The Jack Benny Program, although it’s never called this by name. The host  welcomes his special guest , and introduces the sketch for the evening .  Jet Benny , a self-proclaimed “intergalactic soldier of fortune,” is traveling through space in his ship — the Maxwell, piloted by the android Rochester  — when the vessel loses power and crashes down on an unfamiliar planet. After Jet regains consciousness, Rochester and the Maxwell are nowhere to be found; Jet spends the next few years living in the woods like a hermit. One day, Jet sees a woman  being whipped and beaten by a thug and his henchmen, and he uses his raygun to scare them off. The woman turns out to be Princess Miranda; her family and people have been tyrannized by the forces of Lord Zane for the last few years, with the aid of android Rochester whose memory had been damaged by the crash. After freeing Rochester and restoring his memory, the reluctant Jet is persuaded by Miranda into breaking into Zane's castle and freeing her brother, Prince Carmen . After escaping from the castle, the heroes take the Maxwell  to help Miranda’s father, the King ; he and his people are in a walled city, which is being besieged by Zane’s forces. The heroes win the battle, and the members of the royal family are reunited. Jet is getting ready to leave the planet when Miranda catches up to him and kisses him; as a result, Jet, who had been eager to get away from the planet, is now reluctant to leave.  On the television show, the host thanks the guest and cast members for their work, and starts talking about next week’s show."] ["Mr. Hobbs is an overworked banker who seeks a quiet seaside vacation with his wife Peggy and family, including his grown daughters, family cook, sons-in-law and grandchildren. What he finds upon reaching their vacation destination is a very dilapidated beach house with nosy neighbors. Complications mount up. His teenage son Danny only wants to watch television. His youngest daughter Katey, embarrassed by a new set of dental braces, refuses to leave the beach house. And his grandkids don't want anything to do with him. Furthermore, one of his sons-in-law, Stan, is unemployed and Mr. Hobbs must entertain Stan's snooty potential employer on a boring bird-watching jaunt. An older daughter is married to the aloof professor Byron, who has unorthodox ideas about disciplining children and the family dynamic. One by one, Mr. Hobbs tries to solve each problem. After the television breaks, he finds time to take Danny on a boating trip, where they get very lost in the fog but bond as father and son. He also manages to take Katey to a dance, where he bribes a handsome young man named Joe to pay attention to her. The bird-watcher and his prim wife don't turn out to be what they seem to be and chaos reigns for a while. But in time Mr. Hobbs and his wife sort out everybody's personal crisis, Joe turns out to be a suitable suitor for Katey, and the family is almost sad to leave the beach and return home."] ["In 1928, David Shayne  is an idealistic young playwright newly arrived on Broadway. In order to gain financing for his play, God of Our Fathers, he agrees to hire Olive Neal , the actress/girlfriend of a gangster. She is demanding and talentless, but her gangster escort Cheech  turns out to be a genius, who constantly comes up with excellent ideas for revising the play. As the players prepare for opening night, Shayne is soon in over his head claiming Cheech's rewrites as his own, cheating on his partner Ellen  with the show's seductive, alcoholic leading lady Helen Sinclair , and facing his leading man, a compulsive eater , beginning an affair with Olive."] ['Ervinka is a young man living in Tel Aviv of the 1960s. He does not believe in work, morality, law and order, and settling down. He ekes out a living as a petty con man by charging parking fees to a lot that doesn’t belong to him, stealing electricity from his neighbors, eating for free in family events he is not invited to, and extorting money from movie directors by revving up his moped engine near their film sets. He also finds ways to con the authorities, taking advantage of the stupidity, laziness, and inefficiency of bureaucrats . Ervinka even ingratiates himself with the local underworld by getting them out of trouble with the law over a robbery. His only dream is to win the lottery so he would not have to get by on his wits anymore. Ervinka’s carefree life becomes complicated when he falls in love with Ruti, a police officer. While she loves him, she is equally appalled by his way of life and is concerned that he is on a slippery slope to a life of crime. Tired of never winning the lottery, Ervinka devises a devilish con to rob the lottery offices in Tel Aviv. Under the guise of making a movie, he has his underworld friends try to crack the lottery safe open while all around him are spectators and even police officers, all under the impression that they are watching a film director at work. When the underworld has problems getting the safe to open, the police volunteers its own expert to help them so that filming could proceed as planned. Thanking them for their help, Ervinka and his friends leave with the money seconds before the authorities realize what is actually going on. With next week’s jackpot safely tucked in a bag behind his moped seat, Ervinka believes he has realized his dream, but his police officer girlfriend berates him and makes it clear she will not associate with a criminal. Ervinka returns the money to the General Manager of the lottery in an official ceremony just like the one he had always imagined himself receiving this money in.'] ['Sidney Stratton, a brilliant young research chemist and former Cambridge scholarship recipient, has been dismissed from jobs at several textile mills in the north of England because of his demands for expensive facilities and his obsession with inventing an everlasting fibre. Whilst working as a labourer at the Birnley mill, he accidentally becomes an unpaid researcher and invents an incredibly strong fibre which repels dirt and never wears out. From this fabric, a suit is made—which is brilliant white because it cannot absorb dye, and slightly luminous because it includes radioactive elements. Stratton is lauded as a genius until both management and the trade unions realize the consequence of his invention—once consumers have purchased enough cloth, demand will drop precipitously and put the textile industry out of business. The managers try to trick Stratton into signing away the rights to his invention but he refuses. Managers and workers each try to shut him away, but he escapes. The climax sees Stratton running through the streets at night in his glowing white suit, pursued by both the managers and the employees. As the crowd advances, his suit begins to fall apart as the chemical structure of the fibre breaks down with time. The mob, realising the flaw in the process, rip pieces off his suit in triumph, until he is left standing in his underwear. Only Daphne Birnley, the mill-owner\'s daughter, and Bertha, a works labourer, have sympathy for his disappointment. The next day, Stratton is dismissed from his job. Departing, he consults his chemistry notes. A realisation hits, and he exclaims, "I see!" With that he strides off, perhaps to try again elsewhere.'] ["Lawyer Gavin d'Amato  is in his office discussing a divorce case with a client . Noticing the man's determination to divorce his wife, Gavin decides to tell him the story of one of his clients, a personal friend of his. Oliver Rose , a student at Harvard Law School, meets Barbara  at an auction, where they bid on the same antique. Oliver chats Barbara up and they become friends. When Barbara misses her ferry home, the two end up spending the night together. Eventually the two marry and have two children. Over the years, the Roses grow richer, and Barbara finds an old mansion whose owner has recently died, purchases it and devotes her time to making a home there. However, cracks seem to be forming in the family. As Oliver becomes a successful partner in his law firm, Barbara, who was a doting and loving wife early in the marriage, appears to grow restless in her life with Oliver, and begins to dislike him immensely. Oliver, for his part, cannot understand what he has done to earn Barbara's contempt, despite his controlling, self-centered, and generally dismissive behavior toward her. When Oliver believes he is suffering a heart attack,  the day after an argument, Barbara  realizes she felt a sense of relief that he might be dead. She tells him so, adding that she no longer loves him and wants a divorce. Oliver accepts, but tension arises between the two when it becomes clear that Barbara wants the house and everything in it, and when her lawyer uses Oliver's final love note to her  as leverage against him in their legal battle. Barbara initially throws Oliver out of the house, but he moves back in after discovering a loophole that allows him to stay. As a result, Barbara immediately begins plotting to remove Oliver herself, even trying to seduce Oliver's lawyer Gavin into siding with her instead. In an effort to win the house, Oliver offers his wife a considerable sum of cash in exchange for the house, but Barbara still refuses to settle. Realizing that his client is in a no-win situation, Gavin advises Oliver to leave Barbara and start a new life for himself. In return, Oliver fires Gavin and takes matters into his own hands. At this point, Oliver and Barbara begin spiting and humiliating each other in every way possible, even in front of friends and potential business clients. Both begin destroying the house furnishings; the stove, furniture, Staffordshire ornaments, and plates. Another fight results in a battle where Barbara nearly kills Oliver by using her monster truck to ram Oliver's antique automobile. In addition, Oliver accidentally runs over Barbara's cat in the driveway with his car. When Barbara finds out, she retaliates by trapping him inside his in-house sauna, where he nearly succumbs to heatstroke and dehydration. While the kids are away at college, Oliver eventually calms down and attempts to make peace with Barbara over an elegant dinner, but reaches his breaking point when Barbara serves him a paté which she implies was made from his dog . Oliver attacks Barbara, who flees into the attic. Oliver boards up the house to prevent Barbara from escaping, while Barbara loosens the chandelier to drop on Oliver in yet another attempt to kill him. When their live-in housekeeper Susan returns home in the middle of the climactic battle, she senses something is terribly wrong and discreetly contacts Gavin for help. By the time Gavin arrives, Oliver and Barbara's quarrel has culminated in the two hanging dangerously from the unsecured chandelier. During this time, Oliver admits to Barbara that despite their hardships, he always loved her, but Barbara does not respond. Before Gavin can come inside with a ladder, the combined weight of Barbara, Oliver and the chandelier is too much for the support cable, which snaps and sends them crashing violently to the floor. In his final breaths, Oliver reaches out to touch Barbara's shoulder, but Barbara uses her last ounce of strength to knock his hand away, firmly asserting her feelings for him even in death. Finishing his story, Gavin presents his client with two options: either proceed with the divorce and face a horrific bloodbath in court, or go home to his wife to settle their differences properly. The client chooses the latter, and Gavin, satisfied, calls his wife and closes up shop to go home."] ["The film opens with a funeral for a young woman; the deceased is Dawn Wiener, the protagonist from Solondz's Welcome to the Dollhouse, who went to college, gained a lot of weight, became pregnant, and committed suicide. Her brother Mark  reads the eulogy while Dawn's tearful parents  sit in the audience. Aviva, Dawn's cousin, desires to have a child. She has sex with Judah , a family friend, and becomes pregnant. Aviva's parents are horrified and demand she get an abortion. While the abortion is technically successful, it is implied via a fractured, emotional conversation with the doctor  that Aviva can no longer have children. Not fully conscious, Aviva is unaware of this, and her parents, already fragile, lead her to believe all is well when she awakens, afraid to upset Aviva. Aviva runs away from home. She befriends a trucker  and has sex with him; however, the trucker abandons her at a motel. She is eventually found by the Sunshine Family, a Christian fundamentalist foster home that cares for orphans and runaways. She tells them her name is Henrietta &mdash; the name she picked for the baby she was persuaded to abort. While at the Sunshine Family home, she discovers a dark side to the foster father; he assassinates abortion providers. His next target is the doctor who performed Aviva's abortion. The hitman whom the foster father uses is the same trucker Aviva previously befriended and had sex with. Convinced she is in love with the truck driver, Aviva flees the Sunshine Family to join him on his assignment. The murder does not go as planned as, in addition to the doctor himself, the trucker  ends up accidentally shooting the doctor's young daughter when she steps in front of the first shot. The police find Bob and Aviva both in a motel room, and Bob commits suicide by cop. The film then skips ahead to Aviva back home with her parents, planning her next birthday party. During the party, she talks to her cousin, Mark, who has recently been accused of molesting a baby, although he denies having done it. The film skips ahead to Aviva's meeting Judah, who now calls himself Otto, and they have sex again. Once again, Aviva believes she is pregnant and is happy about it."] ['In 2805, Earth is covered in garbage due to decades of mass consumerism facilitated by the megacorporation Buy n Large. BnL evacuated Earth\'s population in fully automated starliners in 2105, leaving behind trash compactor Waste Allocation Load Lifter – Earth Class “WALL-E” robots to clean the planet, but they eventually stopped operating and Earth was left abandoned. One WALL-E unit has managed to remain active by repairing itself using parts from other broken units. It has also developed sentience, as with its regular duties it inquisitively collects artifacts of human civilization back to its storage truck home, has befriended a cockroach and enjoys listening to Hello, Dolly! One day, WALL-E discovers and collects a growing seedling plant. A spaceship later lands and deploys Extraterrestrial Vegetation Evaluator or “EVE”, an advanced robot sent from the BnL starliner Axiom to search for vegetation on Earth. Inspired by Hello, Dolly!, WALL-E falls in love with the initially cold and hostile EVE and wishes to join hands with her, who gradually softens and befriends him. When WALL-E brings EVE to his truck and showcases his collection, she finds the plant and automatically stores it, going into standby mode for retrieval from her ship. WALL-E spends time with EVE while she is on standby. He then clings to the hull of EVE\'s ship as it collects and returns her to the Axiom. On the Axiom, the ship\'s original human passengers and their descendants have suffered from severe bone loss and become morbidly obese after centuries of living in microgravity and relying on the ship\'s automated systems for most tasks. Captain B. McCrea, in charge of the ship, mostly leaves control to the robotic autopilot Auto. WALL-E follows EVE to the bridge of the Axiom, where the Captain learns that by putting the plant in the spaceship holo-detector and verifying Earth is habitable again, the Axiom will make a hyperjump back to Earth so the passengers can recolonize. However, Auto orders McCrea\'s robotic assistant GO-4 to steal the plant as part of its no return directive, secretly issued to autopilots after BnL incorrectly concluded in 2110 that the planet could not be saved and humanity should remain in space. With the plant missing, EVE is considered defective and taken to the repair ward along with WALL-E. WALL-E mistakes the process on EVE for torture and tries to save her, accidentally releasing a horde of malfunctioning robots, while the security systems then designate both WALL-E and EVE as rogue. Angry with WALL-E\'s disruptions, EVE brings him to the escape pod bay to send him home. There they witness GO-4 dispose of the missing plant by placing it inside a pod set to self-destruct. WALL-E enters the pod, which is then jettisoned into space, escaping with the plant before the pod explodes. Reconciling with EVE, they celebrate with a dance in space outside the Axiom. Meanwhile the Captain, learning from the ship\'s computer, becomes fascinated about life on Earth before its pollution and abandonment. The plant is brought to the captain, who surveys EVE\'s recordings of Earth and concludes that mankind must return to restore their home. However, Auto reveals his directive, staging a mutiny by tasering WALL-E, incapacitating EVE and confining the captain to his quarters. EVE realizes the only parts for repairing WALL-E are in his truck on Earth, so she helps him bring the plant to the holo-detector to activate the Axiom{{\'}}s hyperjump. Captain McCrea opens the holo-detector while fighting with Auto and causing chaos on the ship, but Auto partially crushes WALL-E by closing the holo-detector on him. After McCrea disables Auto and takes back control, EVE places the plant in the holo-detector, freeing the severely damaged WALL-E and setting the Axiom on the instant hyperjump to Earth. The human population finally lands back on Earth after hundreds of years. EVE brings WALL-E back to his home where she successfully repairs and reactivates him, but he reverts to his original programming as an unfeeling waste compactor. Heartbroken, EVE gives WALL-E a farewell kiss that jolts back WALL-E\'s memory and personality. WALL-E and EVE happily reunite as the humans and robots of the Axiom begin to restore Earth and its environment, shown through a series of artworks at the end.  *Ben Burtt produced the voice of WALL-E , the title character. WALL-E, a robot who has developed sentience, is the only robot of "his" kind shown to be still functioning on Earth. He is a small mobile compactor box with all-terrain treads, three-fingered shovel hands, binocular eyes, and retractable solar cells for power. He collects spare parts for himself, which becomes pivotal to the plot, and replaces broken and/or worn out parts on-the-fly by cannibalizing "dead" WALL-Es. Although working diligently to fulfill his directive to clean up the garbage  he is distracted by his curiosity, collecting trinkets of interest. He stores and displays these "treasures" such as a birdcage full of rubber ducks, a Rubik\'s Cube, Zippo lighters, disposable cups filled with plastic cutlery and a golden trophy at his home where he examines and categorizes his finds while watching video cassettes of musicals via an iPod viewed through a huge magnifier. **Burtt is also credited for the voice of M-O , as well as most of the other robots. M-O is a tiny, obsessive compulsive maintenance robot with rollers for hands who keeps Axiom clean. When M-O meets WALL-E and sees how filthy he is, he deviates from his normal routine and follows WALL-E, cleaning up behind him. When he follows WALL-E to the garbage bay, he inadvertently but fortuitously saves WALL-E and EVE from being blown into the vacuum of space. He then forms a close friendship with Wall-E and aids the two in retrieving the plant, most notably through using his contaminant detecting vision when Wall-E drops the plant. Back on Earth, he ushers the other robots into giving WALL•E and EVE some privacy as they share a tender moment. *Elissa Knight as EVE , a sleek robot probe whose directive is to locate vegetation on Earth and verify habitability. She has a glossy white egg-shaped body and blue LED eyes. She moves using antigravity technology and is equipped with scanners, specimen storage and a plasma cannon in her arm, which she is quick to use. When first deployed on Earth she appears devoid of feeling but as the craft that delivered her blasts off and away she springs to life with gleeful flight. Watching her, WALL-E accidentally draws her attention as she sets about following her directive growing ever more impatient with both her lack of success and with WALL-E\'s constant monitoring. This shared strength of feeling soon connects the two characters. *Jeff Garlin as Captain B. McCrea, the commander, and apparently only, officer on the Axiom. His duties as captain are boring daily routines, with the ship\'s autopilot handling all true command functions. Meeting WALL-E, however, sparks his interest in Earth and he becomes engrossed in researching the home planet, paving the way for his retaking control of the ship back from the Autopilot. *Fred Willard as Shelby Forthright, historical CEO of the Buy n Large Corporation, shown only in videos recorded around the time of the Axiom{{\'}}s initial launch. Constantly optimistic, Forthright proposed the evacuation plans, then to clean up and recolonize the planet. However, the corporation gave up after realizing how toxic Earth had become. Forthright is the only live action character with a speaking role, the first in any Pixar film. *MacInTalk, the text-to-speech program for the Apple Macintosh, was used for the voice of Auto, the rogue autopilot artificial intelligence built into the ship. Unlike other robots in the film, Auto is not influenced by WALL-E, instead following directive A113, which is to prevent the Axiom and the humans from returning to Earth because of the toxicity, and he will prevent anyone from deviating from it. The robot\'s design is a homage to HAL 9000 from 2001: A Space Odyssey, featuring a HAL-style red "eye" in the center of his body.{{citation needed|datenotes/>'] ["With her mother suddenly divorcing her father and leaving their comfortable home in Kolkata, Nitya finds herself in the new environs of Navi Mumbai. Finding her bearings, in a new city, letting go of her ambition to study in the USA for her MBA, and to begin work at a call centre is tough. She finds it a little easier however to cope with the situation, courtesy her newfound friend, Ritesh Jetmalani. Ritesh is the nicest guy on the planet, and maybe even in the universe. Nitya’s mother Binita Sen is troubled by her failed marriage. She hopes to find the new start she needs, in New Mumbai. She is befriended by the women in the colony and joins their kitty parties. She knows her daughter is angry with her and blames her for their situation, but believes that this was their best alternative to find their own place under the sun. Kirti Wagaskar who is Ritesh girlfriend is no ordinary middle class girl; she plans to marry RICH. She hates her elder sister Parimal’s life who is a housewife to her grouchy traditional husband, Ganpatrao. Serving Coffee at Costa’s, she spends an entire month’s salary on a Gucci bag and dreams of landing Yash Modi, a billionaire by birth. Binita’s father had left her some shares and she traces her father’s old stock broking house to figure out the maze of the stock market reality. Here she meets Firoz Sethna an ethical but cranky and eccentric stock broker who teaches her the ropes of correct investing. In the meantime, the group of kitty party ladies, feel, that Binita is up to something dubious, they haven’t got the gossip on her... And why did she leave her husband. However later they come to know that she is trying to sell stocks. Nitya realizes that her mother getting together with these amateur investors who have switched from watching soaps to watching CNBC, to look for investing opportunities, even if they are “aunties” it is cool after all. One day in Nitya's call center she is bored because she did not get a call for a very long time, forgetting to log off she goes to drink water When the CEO's of two companies are visiting the office. Hearing the CEO's coming into the room she accidentally drops the cup under the table and stays there. She heard their conservation and went to tell her mother that they are going to get their children married. Hearing this news Binita tells her friends to invest in their companies because the stock prices are likely to go up with the marriage. With all kitty ladies invested emotionally and financially in the company, Ritesh marrying Kirti is best for everyone and Nitya, despite her feelings for Ritesh, watches the wedding morning arrive in silence. Binita sees her daughter’s dilemma and finally tells her the real reason for her coming to New Mumbai. Her husband had left her for a younger woman, and she didn’t want her daughter to deal with the pressure or gossip nor did she want to be dependent on him. When the wedding day arrives Kirti is caught running away and when asked she tells that she wanted to marry Yash Modi. Hearing this news everyone is saddened because they all had invested in his company. After some time some foreign investors decided to invest in the company which shot the SENSEX from 8000 to 30000 in a few days.{{cite web}}"] ['{{expand section}} The opening sequence is that of a spinning flywheel with shots of airplanes strafing the ground. The shots of the airplanes are most likely from World War II. The first scene shows the two main characters sitting in bathing suits. Their conversation is robotic and from that point on they decide to be bad. The next scene shows Marie I and Marie II dancing in front of a tree. The tree has many fruits and resembles the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil. Once Marie I eats from the tree, they both fall and appear in their apartment. There is significant action here, with Marie I looking through the window at a parade and Marie II eating. The next few scenes are all similar. They show the two girls on a date with an older man, a \'sugar daddy\'. Marie II eats voraciously and Marie I eventually starts acting like her, eating a lot of food. They eventually go to a night-club with 1920s-style dancers and cause a ruckus. Marie II also goes to the apartment of a man who is a butterfly collector. In this scene, there are a lot of butterflies shown as still frames. At the end, she says that she wants to eat. Later on, they go to a factory. There are still frames of locks, and the building looks run down. They look for "nourishment" and stumble upon a feast presumably set out for communist leaders. They eat the food, make a mess and destroy the room. It then cuts to them being dunked in water like witches. They decide to go back and make everything right again, and at the end a giant chandelier crushes them.'] ['Qiu Ju is a peasant who lives in a small farming enclave with her husband Qinglai, his sister and their father. She is in the final trimester of her first pregnancy. One day while her husband is conversing to Wang Shantang, the head of the community, a miscommunication ensues. Qinglai\'s comment that Shantang "only breeds hens", was misconstrued to reflect on a perceived inability of the chieftain to produce a son . The minor municipality leader is insulted by this inference and beats Qinglai, kicking him so severely in the groin that he must see a doctor and remain absent from his work. Because of this injustice, Qiu Ju sets forth to extract an explanation from Wang Shantang, one which the village head is unwilling to supply. Qiu Ju, determined to right this wrong, goes to the local police office and complains. The policeman for their area comes up with a solution: the village chief must pay 200 yuan to Qinglai. When Qiu Ju goes to the headman, he insultingly throws the 200 yuan notes onto the ground and refuses to apologize. Qiu Ju then goes to the provincial capital accompanied by her husbands\' younger sister, Meizi. To raise money for the trip she sells some of the dried hot peppers which are produced on the family farm for cash. This process is one that she and Meizi repeat several times more. Taking the bus to the big city she and her sister are obviously "country folk" as the city people are dressed in a more modern fashion. By luck the two women find lodging at a cheap hotel where the manager helps them by giving them the address of the head of the district police. The two women meet him and he promises them that their case will be reviewed. Weeks later the new verdict from the district police is nearly the same as the previous, but this time the village headman must pay 250 yuan. He still refuses to apologize and so Qiu Ju goes back to the big city, this time against the wishes of her own husband . Qiu Ju finds a lawyer who takes the case and files suit under a new law. The case is judged by the court as having been correctly resolved in by the district, the fine remains at 250 yuan, Qiu Ju is unhappy but all she can do is make yet another appeal to an even higher level of police investigation. As part of the suit, officials come to the village and Qiu Ju\'s husband is X-rayed at the local hospital. Its now the middle of winter, Qiu Ju goes into labor and experiences complications. The village headman is woken at night by Qiu Ju\'s husband\'s father who begs the village chief to do something. Grumbling, he sets off in the night, through the snow, rounds up a group of local men , and returns to the village. They then carry Qiu Ju, by hand, on a stretcher through the snow to the hospital, where she gives birth safely to a healthy baby boy. A month later the whole village is invited to the "one month party" for the baby boy and the village headman is begged to come to the party as Qiu Ju and her husband all admit that the village chief saved Qiu Ju\'s life. But he doesn\'t come, and the local policeman shows up to tell Qiu Ju that the X-rays revealed her husband had a broken rib. As a result, the village chief is being sent to jail on a fifteen-day-term. Qiu Ju, runs off to try and stop the police from taking the headman away but never even sees the police and the movie ends on a freeze-frame of Qiu Ju with an expression of anguish on her face.'] ["Milou's mother dies just as the unrest and strikes are sweeping the country. The events interfere with the plans for a funeral and disrupt the family and a stranded truck driver. The film combines elements of social and interpersonal commentary with farce."] ['Lucien Cordier  is an ineffectual local constable with a cheating wife and laughable job. He accepts condescension from his superiors and his wife with good humor, as his antisocial personality allows him to tolerate such abuse. However, he soon realizes that he can use his position to gain vengeance with impunity, and he starts to kill everyone who has regarded him as a fool.'] ['Scooter  is a teen from a wealthy Beverly Hills family. After his plastic surgeon father  remarries, Scooter is virtually ignored by his father and stepmother ([[Terry Moore , and treated badly by his two other spoiled siblings, Sterling  and Tiffany . Scooter devises a plan to fake his own kidnapping to get his parents\' attention and enlists the help of two bumbling crooks, Clive  and Elmo . After Scooter is "kidnapped" and a ransom is demanded, he quickly realizes that his plan failed to work and his parents don\'t miss him.'] ["{{Plot}} Ben , a veteran Hollywood producer, is suffering a number of professional and personal problems. His latest film, Fiercely, has a disastrous test screening, mostly because of its ending which features the murder of its main character  along with his pet dog. Ben and his maverick British director, Jeremy Brunell , plead their case to studio executive Lou Tarnow . Lou threatens to pull Ben's movie from Cannes and take over editing unless at least the dog's death is removed. Jeremy adamantly refuses, throwing a tantrum. Adding to Ben's problems, he is having trouble making a clean break from Kelly, his second wife. Ben later discovers his wife is having an affair with Scott Solomon, a married screenwriter who Ben has previously worked with. Scott has a screenplay that he's trying to get off the ground, to which Brad Pitt later becomes attached. Lastly the studio is threatening to cancel a planned Bruce Willis movie because of the star's unwillingness to shave the large, thick beard that he has grown. Ben's career hinges on the fate of the film, but any attempt to reason with Willis inevitably meets a violent, foul-mouthed response. Ultimately Jeremy relents and re-edits the ending of Fiercely to have the dog survive. Ben tries to get Willis's agent, Dick Bell, to reason with him and get the beard removed, but his efforts only get Bell fired. Nonetheless, Willis does eventually shave his beard off, and the film goes ahead. A week later, Ben, Lou and Jeremy attend Cannes, hopeful that they might take a Palme D'Or award. Unfortunately, and without telling Ben or Lou, Jeremy has re-edited Fiercely again, not only killing the dog, but adding nearly a full minute of bullets being shot into their bodies. While new ending destroys the film's chances of a Palme d'Or and angers many in the audience, others eagerly applaud the final version of the film, including Sean Penn . Lou is not impressed, and immediately flies out of Cannes on the studio's private jet, leaving Ben stranded in France. Ben eventually does make it back home, in time for a photo-shoot of Hollywood's top thirty producers with Vanity Fair, although after the magazine's publishers hear about the debacle in Cannes, Ben is relegated to the far edge of the photo, meaning he won't be on the magazine's cover and will be barely noticeable in the larger inside version. Ben's voice-over, as the film ends, comments that this represents him nearly, but not quite being pushed out of Hollywood. During the film's postscript as narrated by Ben, he reveals that Fiercely turned out to be a major blockbuster but its success doesn't stop Jeremy from having a run-in with the law. Emotionally unstable Jeremy is arrested at an airport when drugs are found in his bag. While in rehab, Jeremy focuses on his work, and considers several offers to direct, including the possibility of working with Ben. Lou wins a major award, ironically because of her work with Jeremy whose work she dislikes. Brad Pitt drops out of Scott's film project, causing Scott to fall into a deep and alcohol-fueled depression while living with Ben's ex-wife. Dick Bell, on the other hand, still suffers from excruciating stress-induced stomach pain that prompts him to pull over to the side of the road while on a date."] ["Brenda  and Yvonne , two girls from the North of England, arrive in London to seek fame and fortune. However, their image of the city is quickly tarnished when they are robbed of their savings. Determined not to let her chance slip, Yvonne visits Carnaby Street in the hope of catching the eye of a trendy photographer, whilst Brenda gets a job in a 'greasy spoon' cafe. Yvonne does get spotted by a trendy photographer, Tom Wabe , but for all the wrong reasons; she is singled out for being poorly dressed. After several unsuccessful job attempts, Yvonne accidentally wins the star prize in a television game show and decides to invest the prize money on being a pop star. Her single, I'm So Young, though patently awful, becomes a big hit and she and Brenda drift apart. However, at a glamorous party  the girls realise the shallowness of the media business and decide to return home."] ['Living In Oblivion is divided into three parts, all of which concern the making of a low-budget movie featuring the same director, crew and substantially the same cast. Part one: Director Nick Reve  is shooting a low-budget independent film in the middle of New York City. The catering crew are under-funded and apathetic, deciding not to replace a carton of milk that has been on the craft service table for a week. The scene being shot is a difficult one: a young woman, Ellen, reproaches her elderly mother  for not intervening when the father beat Ellen as a child. However, on the set, just about everything that can go wrong does go wrong: shots are spoiled because of the mic boom is visible; the camera assistant fails to keep the shot in focus; Cora, the actress playing the mother, forgets her lines; and Nicole, the actress playing Ellen, becomes increasingly unfocused and careless. A dispirited Nick calls for a rehearsal without camera to refresh the actors. However, when Nicole  berates herself for acting badly, Cora  reassures her with a gesture that reminds Nicole of a similar gesture made by her own terminally ill mother. Nicole is so upset by the memory that she turns in an unexpectedly passionate performance; and Cora, startled by Nicole\'s sudden intensity, is equally good. Watching them, Nick becomes enthusiastic all over again. Unfortunately, it was not captured on film; cinematographer and camera operator Wolf , who has been diluting the sub-standard coffee with the spoiled milk, was vomiting in the toilet throughout. Nick ruefully calls for another take. This time, a sudden and insistent beeping sound distracts the actors. Nobody can tell where it\'s coming from; and Nick flies into a rage, berating everyone on the crew and cast for their inadequacies. He then wakes up in his own bed; the beeping sound was his own alarm clock. He has dreamed the entire segment. It is 4.30am; and he is due on set. Part two: Early the same morning, the film\'s lead actor Chad Palomino  is getting dressed in Nicole\'s hotel room. They have spent the night together, and Chad suggests that they might get together again later; Nicole politely declines. Chad and Nicole arrive on the set separately. Nicole\'s character Ellen and Chad\'s character Damian have been in love for years but have never admitted it until the scene being shot on this day. Shooting the scene is made practically impossible by Chad\'s irregular acting. He keeps changing his mind about where to stand and continually moves to places where he is either invisible or badly lit by scenic light. Nicole becomes increasingly frustrated by Chad\'s egomania; and, when he starts to stroke her head, she briefly loses her cool, then apologizes. An irritated Chad demands a private talk with Nick. He tells Nick that he has slept with Nicole and makes out that it was she, not he, who had wanted to continue the relationship. Desperate to keep Chad happy, Nick agrees that Nicole is not very good. Nicole overhears this conversation on the sound mixer\'s headphones. Pretending to be contrite, she asks Nick if they can improvise a little; but, when they do so, she announces to everyone that, although she slept with Chad, she is not at all interested in him. Chad loses his temper and quits the movie. Relieved that he will no longer have to please Chad, Nick calls him a "Hostess Twinkie motherfucker" and a fight breaks out. Nick beats Chad senseless and fires him. He apologises to Nicole and confesses that he loves her. They kiss—then Nicole abruptly wakes up, still in her bed, having dreamed the whole thing. Part three: Later the same day, the crew is setting up for a dream sequence in which Nicole, as Ellen, stands still while a dwarf walks around her holding an apple. Nick claims to have learned a lesson from his own dream: That sometimes, "you just got to roll with things." Nicole admits that she had a dream with Nick in it but doesn\'t tell him what happened. Nick manages to keep up his positive attitude despite the various mishaps that occur: The smoke machine fails to work, then it catches fire, then his senile mother Cora arrives on the set. However, the ill-tempered dwarf actor Tito  complains that the dream sequence is a cliché  and walks off the set in disgust. Nick\'s confidence collapses, and he announces that the movie is over. At that moment, his mother intervenes, grabbing the apple, moving to Tito\'s mark and announcing that she is "ready". The crew scrambles to shoot the scene, and her manic performance injects fresh energy and conviction into it. Nick is delighted and decides to keep the new dream sequence, and there is a tense moment while the sound mixer records 30 seconds of room tone. The entire cast and crew manages to remain silent, and they go on to shooting the next sequence.'] ['The difference between social classes provides the basis for this comedy. The trouble begins when a drunken sot wanders into the fancy home of a woman who is hosting a gala dinner. Mr. and Mrs. Tidmarsh , a middle-class English couple, are giving a dinner party in honour of their wealthy uncle, Gabriel Gilwattle , hoping to receive his financial aid in their struggle to keep up appearances. Mrs. Tidmarsh had invited 13 guests, as a result of regrets, and Gabriel is superstitious. To offset this, she hires Blankely\'s, a professional company, to send her a sophisticated 14th guest, sight unseen. Further cancellations obviate this necessity, and Margery Seaton , their governess, is invited; but the "hired guest" arrives anyhow and is announced as Lord Strathpeffer . Naturally Mrs. Tidmarsh mistakes the drunk for the hired guest and invites him to dine. Mayhem ensues. Margery recognizes the tipsy man as a former lover, and he is assumed to be an impostor. Sobering, Strathpeffer realizes he has come to the wrong party and asserts his right to his title; but Gwennie  hides her father\'s watch in Strathpeffer\'s pocket as he is renewing his romance with Margery. A police inspector arrives hunting for the missing lord, establishing his authenticity and the fact that he is not, after all, the hired guest.'] ['The film consists of three autobiographical chapters  of an open diary—that of film director and film producer Nanni Moretti.  The first episode follows the director/protagonist riding a Vespa through the neighbourhoods of a summery and half-deserted Rome. Shots of landscape, architecture, and beautiful monuments accompany his thoughts, which range from critiques of Hollywood cinema , to critiques of banalization of the Italian cinema, to a chance meeting with Jennifer Beals, to sociology and urbanism. The episode ends at Ostia, close to the place where Pier Paolo Pasolini was killed.  The second episode cuts to Moretti escaping from the frenzy of city life on a journey through the Aeolian Islands. Travelling by ferry, his first stop is Lipari where he visits his friend Gerardo , a scholar studying James Joyce\'s Ulysses who had moved to the island eleven years earlier. He retires to study on the lost island where he can\'t even receive the television signal. But he is unable to find the tranquillity he desires, due to the number of tourists. So Nanni, accompanied by Gerardo, moves to Salina Island. The two are welcomed by a couple, friends of Gerardo, who seem incapable of managing the education of an extremely over-indulged child.  Gerardo lets himself be influenced by the boy, who spends hours in front of the television, and discovers soap opera. Gradually Gerardo becomes entirely dependent upon the genre. Nanni, now even more exasperated, decides to move, still accompanied by Gerardo, to the island of Stromboli, but even this choice proves unfortunate: the two now have to deal with a megalomaniac mayor who wants to involve them in the most odd projects. While visiting the volcano Gerardo becomes still more gripped by the soap operas, to the point of asking American tourists what happens in the episodes of The Bold and the Beautiful, which haven\'t been broadcast in Italy yet. Disgruntled by the latest failure Nanni decides to move on the island of Alicudi, the least civilized of all, lacking water and electricity. At last Nanni seems satisfied with the accommodation, but Gerardo is impelled to escape from the island as soon as he realizes he cannot follow his favourite soap opera there.  The final episode narrates the difficult diagnosis of a disease that affected Moretti in real life and has the symptoms of persistent itching and disturbing insomnia. Nanni goes through a load of doctors and specialists who, between superficiality and false knowledge, suggest the most bizarre diagnoses. His desperation is such that he also tries alternate treatments, like Acupuncture. After having tried them all, another doctor suggests an X-ray after noticing his developing cough. This X-ray reveals a mass on the lung which after a biopsy he is diagnosed as suffering from a malignant, but treatable lymphatic system tumour. The illness symptoms, which Nanni found in a medical encyclopedia, are those he declared to the "deaf" doctors. The episode concludes with a bitter and sarcastic toast alla salute! , accompanied by a glass of water.'] [' Dan McGinty  is a bartender in a banana republic who recounts his rise and fall to the bar\'s dancing girl and an exiled American down on his luck. McGinty\'s career begins when he was a tramp who, cajoled into voting under a false name in order to get $2, he impresses a local political boss  by voting thirty-seven times in a rigged mayoral election. McGinty becomes one of the boss\'s enforcers, then his political protégé, makes a marriage of convenience, wins the mayor\'s job as a "reform" candidate, then goes on to the governor\'s mansion before a change of heart compels him to take public service seriously after he and his wife finally fall in love. His past catches up with him though: he is imprisoned in the next cell to his former mentor. The two men escape and go into exile together, but are still given to violent disagreements.'] ['The film opens with a short fragment outside the plot but clearly related on repeated viewings. Grainy, black-and-white, and silent, a title "Once Upon a Time" leads to Latino laborers picking coffee beans while armed foremen push rudely between them. One worker  pockets a few beans  but is seen by a foreman. He is next seen before a fat Caucasian magistrate who loses some saliva as he removes his cigar only to say "Guilty." The foreman pulls his machete and lays it across the unfortunate laborer\'s wrists, bound to a wooden block, revealing that he is to lose his hands for the theft of a few beans. The machete lifts, descends, and we see McDowell draw back in a silent scream. The scene blacks out, the word NOW appears onscreen and expands quickly to fill it. During his journey, Travis learns the lesson, reinforced by numerous songs in the soundtrack by Alan Price, that he must abandon his principles in order to succeed, but unlike the other characters he meets he must retain a detached idealism that will allow him to distance himself from the evils of the world. Travis progresses from coffee salesman  to a victim of torture in a government installation and a medical research subject, under the supervision of Dr Millar . In parallel with Travis\' experiences, the film shows 1960s Britain retreating from its imperial past, but managing to retain some influence in the world by means of corrupt dealings with foreign dictators. After finding out his girlfriend is the daughter of Sir James Burgess , an evil industrialist, he is appointed Burgess\' personal assistant. With Dr Munda, the dictator of Zingara, a brutal police state which nevertheless manages to be a playground for wealthy people from the developed world, Burgess sells the regime a chemical called PL45 \'Honey\' for spraying on rebel areas . Burgess connives at having Travis found guilty of fraud, and he is imprisoned for five years. The film then cuts to five years on, when Travis has finished his sentence, become a model prisoner, and converted to Humanism. He is quickly faced with a bewildering series of assaults upon his new found idealism, culminating in a scene in which he is attacked by down and outs who he has been trying to help. The final scene of the film shows him becoming involved in a casting call for a film, with Lindsay Anderson himself playing the director of the film. He is given various props to handle, including a stack of school books and a machine gun. When asked to smile Mick continually asks why. The director slaps Travis with his script book after he fails to understand what is being asked of him. After a cut to black  a slow look of understanding crosses Mick\'s face. The scene then cuts to a party with dancing which includes all of the cast celebrating.'] ["Yolanda, a cabaret singer, brings heroin to her lover. When he drops dead after taking it, the singer knows she is in trouble. Desperate to escape the police, she recalls a visit by nuns from a local convent that claimed to be admirers. The Mother Superior, a fan of Yolanda, had promised to provide help if required. When Yolanda arrives at the convent, the Mother Superior rapturously greets her. The mission of the order, called the Humbled Redeemers, is to offer shelter and redemption to fallen women. Once a bustling haven for prostitutes, drug addicts and murderers those days are long gone and now Yolanda is the only guest at the convent. Therefore, her arrival is interpreted as a divine blessing in a critical moment. The convent is in disrepair and the Order is facing serious financial hardships. Their prime financial supporter, the vain and greedy Marquise has decided to discontinue the convent's annuity under the pretense of economizing. She feels less affinity with the sisters than did her recently deceased husband, who set up the fund in gratitude. The convent had taken in their wayward daughter, Virginia, who subsequently became a nun and ran off to Africa, only to be eaten by cannibals. The religious order of the Humiliated Redeemers is headless since the Mother General is dying. Lost in the midst of the huge deserted and crumbling convent live the six religious members of the community: the mother Superior, four other nuns and the chaplain. To reinforce their vows of humility, the Mother Superior has given the other nuns repulsive new names: Sister Manure, Sister Damned, Sister Snake and Sister Rat of the Sewers. The Mother Superior explains the rationale of their excessive humility: “man will not be saved until he realizes he is the worst being in all creation.” For her, sinners are worthy of gratitude because they are the reason God dies and is resurrected. With few opportunities for spiritual ministry, the nuns have begun to indulge in their own idiosyncratic pursuits in order to pass the time. The nurturing Sister Damned compulsively cleans the convent and coddles all the animals under her care, including an overgrown pet tiger that she treats like a son, playing the bongos for him. The ascetic Sister Manure is consumed by thoughts of penitence and corporal self-sacrifice and cooks between LSD hallucinations. She murdered somebody and as the mother superior lied under oath to save her from jail, she is very devoted to her. The overcurious Sister Sewer Rat gardens and secretly, under the pen name Concha Torres, writes lurid novels about the wayward souls who visit the convent. She smuggles the novels out of the convent through her sister's periodic visits. The unassuming Sister Snake with the help of the priest, tailors seasonal fashion collections for dressing the statues of the Virgin Mary. Her piety is a cover up for her romantic love for the chain-smoking chaplain. The mother Superior is a heavy drug user and a lesbian, whose charitable work is a means of meeting needy young women. She admits, “from admiring them so much I have become one of them”. Determined to win the trust of the enigmatic and emotionally detached Yolanda, the Mother Superior offers her the best accommodations – the lavish room that belong before to Virginia. Yolanda mingles with the other nuns and spends her time reading the diary of her deceased boyfriend finding out how their relationship really was. The Mother Superior soon falls passionately in love with her. Together, they consume coke and heroin until Yolanda decides both should come off the drugs. Withdrawal for Yolanda is like a painful catharsis, but for the Mother Superior it confirms her very sinful nature. Yolanda keeps the Mother Superior at arm’s length and strikes a friendship with Sister Rat. The Mother Superior has to face both Yolanda’s rejection and the threats of closure. She fails to blackmail the Marquise with a letter revealing information about Virginia. Undiscouraged, she then prepares to resort to drug trafficking to maintain the independence of her convent. In spite of these trials, the Sisters decide to celebrate the Mother Superior's birthday. The Marquise and nuns from other convents come to the party. During the celebrations, Yolanda, accompanied by the sisters, sings in honor of the Mother Superior. The Marquise manages to get a letter that coming from Africa has informed her about a long lost grandson that has been raised by the Apes. Because Yolanda and Sister Rat helped her to obtain the letter, she is very grateful to them. At the end of the party, the new Mother General, the highest authority in their order, announces the dissolution of the convent. Sister Damned decides to return to her native village and leaves her tiger to Sister Snake and the Priest. They are in love and want to start a family with the tiger as their son. Sister Rat and Yolanda go to live with the Marquise. Only Sister Manure is left to console the Mother Superior from the terrible heartbreak Yolanda’s desertion has caused."] ["Mild-mannered, unassuming Ruben Martinez has a slick, unscrupulous twin brother who now goes by the name Robby Martin. They were orphans raised by a rich landowner named Clifford Downey and his dancer wife, Mona Rowland-Downey. Upon her death, Mona leaves her entire {{convert}} ranch in Santa Barbara, California in the care of only one son, Ruben. The other brother begins plotting how to win control of the property away from his estranged twin. Ruben's main concern at the moment is that his wife Laura has left him. She can't comprehend how her loving husband could have cheated on her with another woman. Ruben tracks her to Chicago, where he meets used-car salesman Lou Perilli. He is assured that Laura will come back to him eventually. In the meantime, being pursued by a tough customer named Nick Zangaro about a debt he owes, Lou decides to make a quick getaway out west to Santa Barbara. Eddie Agopian, a family lawyer, is in charge of watching over Ruben's interests. But suddenly he disappears. Local authorities, including Sheriff Otis and a corrupt judge, have begun harassing Ruben and the dozens of workers and friends who live at the ranch. They are the stooges of powerful businessman Reed Tyler, who has business interests with Ruben's brother, Robby. Lou becomes a partner to the timid Ruben by promising to help him with his legal troubles. Lou has no lawyer experiences, but begins doing some investigating on Ruben's behalf and does the best he can in court. He also helps Ruben track down Eddie, who has absconded to Mexico with a stash of money. A scam is exposed, revealing to Laura that it was not her husband who had relations with another woman but Robby, his evil twin. Ruben, Laura and Lou quickly hatch a scheme of their own, catching the sheriff and judge in compromising positions and luring Robby into one with the help of a couple of young women hired for the occasion. The relationship between the brothers is healed a bit, if not completely, by the end as Ruben finds happiness at the ranch with his wide assortment of friends and family."] ['{{Plot}} Comic style panels explain how an epidemic of organ failures devastated the planet in the future. The mega-corporation GeneCo emerged as a savior. GeneCo provides organ transplants, in addition to cosmetic surgeries. GeneCo is legally able to repossess defaulted organs. Clients who default on payments will be hunted down by Repomen; skilled assasins contracted by GeneCo to recover defaulted property by any means necessary. The CEO of GeneCo, Rottissimo "Rotti" Largo , discovers that he is terminally ill. Meanwhile, Shilo Wallace , a 17 year-old, believes she inherited a rare blood disease from her deceased mother. She visits her mother\'s tomb and runs into GraveRobber , who is digging up bodies. They flee from GeneCops and enter a massive space of dead bodies. After passing out, Shilo wakes up to find her overprotective father, Nathan Wallace , watching her. He has kept her locked away for 17 years, supposedly because of her blood disease. Shilo seems bitter towards her dead mother, Marni , for giving her the genetic disease. Nathan prepares for work as the head Repo Man for GeneCo. Previously a surgeon, Nathan was forced by Rotti into becoming a Repo Man. Marni had left Rotti for Nathan, so Rotti secretly killed Marni and Nathan became convinced that he was responsible for her death. Rotti promised to keep it secret if Nathan agreed to work for Rotti as his top Repo Man. Rotti\'s children, Luigi , Pavi  and Carmela "Amber Sweet" Largo , are at a GeneCo warehouse. Luigi and Pavi bicker over who will inherit GeneCo. Meanwhile, at the GeneCo Renaissance Fair the three siblings bicker with each other and harrass Blind Mag , GeneCo\'s opera singer who is forced to work for GeneCo because she signed a contract with Rotti in exchange for a surgery to cure her blindness. Amber then taunts Mag about being her replacement. Rotti then introduces Shilo to Mag who previously believed that Shilo had died at birth. While repossessing a spine, Nathan calls Shilo, who is under guard by Rotti\'s henchgirls. GraveRobber then helps Shilo escape. Rotti announces that Blind Mag will be performing her final song. GraveRobber then demonstrates the use Zydrate, a euphoric painkiller that is harvested from the brains of corpses. Those who are addicted to surgery, including Amber, need Zydrate to ease the pain. Amber arrives and gets a shot of Zydrate from GraveRobber, then explains that she will be replacing Blind Mag after Mag\'s eyes are repossessed after her final performance. GeneCops arrive and everyone scrambles to escape, except for Amber and her two valets, who hold her up as she passes out. GraveRobber and Shilo then depart and she quickly returns to her room before Nathan notices that she was gone. Nathan delivers the repossessed organs to Rotti, who gives Nathan his next target: Blind Mag. However, Nathan refuses. Rotti, Pavi and Luigi force Nathan to another victim, trying to guilt Nathan into repossessing Blind Mag\'s eyes, Nathan however still refuses to repossess Mag\'s eyes and leaves, Rotti then vows to have Nathan taken out. Later, Blind Mag arrives at Shilo\'s house. Mag reveals that she is Shilo\'s godmother and that her and Marni were best friends. Blind Mag cautions Shilo not to make the same mistake that she did and also tells Shilo to make a happy life for herself. Nathan arrives home and forces Mag out after she scolds him for lying to her about Shilo\'s death. While Shilo claims that a repo man will repossess Mag\'s eyes Nathan insists that it is best to leave the problem alone. When she becomes upset, he asks her "what chance has a seventeen year old girl. She then rebels and Nathan slaps her across the face, but then apologizes for hitting her. Back at GeneCo, Amber complains to Rotti that her latest surgery ruined her face. Rotti tells her that "happiness is not a warm scalpel", he then gives in and tells Amber that his surgeons will fix her. After she leaves, Rotti signs his will, which shows Shilo as his sole benefactor. Nathan finds the GeneCops searching his basement. They accost Nathan however he kills them. Nathan finds Shilo has left and the GeneCops have stolen Marni\'s taxidermy body along with her dress on it to give to Shilo. Rotti phones Shilo and says that he would be honored if she wore the dress to the opera. The next scene shows Nathan, Shilo, Mag, Amber, GraveRobber, Rotti, Luigi, and Pavi preparing for the Genetic Opera. Everyone arrives at the Opera, where a band\'s performance begins. Amber takes the stage for her premiere, but her performance is ruined when her face falls off, she picks up her fallen face off the floor and runs backstage feeling embarrassed. Mag takes to the stage and sings her final song, ending it with a final act of defiance by gouging out her eyes, stating that she\'d rather be blind. Rotti cuts the cords suspending Mag, dropping and impaling her on a fence. Rotti assures that Mag\'s death is part of the performance and convinces the audience to stay seated by stating that he will cure Shilo\'s illness. Shilo attacks the Repo Man in his gear by striking him in the back of the head with a shovel. She then realizes that the Repo Man is her father. On stage in front of the audience Rotti reveals that Nathan has been making Shilo ill by giving her poisoned medicine. Nathan explains that he was just trying to protect her from the cruel world. Rotti tells Shilo that if she kills her father she will inherit GeneCo. When she refuses, Rotti uses the last of his strength to shoot Nathan. Rotti then dies on-stage from his terminal illness. Shilo and Nathan bid farewell to each other and then Nathan dies. Shilo then leaves, free at last to live her own life. In an epilogue, GraveRobber reads about the events of the opera from the previous night and reveals that Shilo has fled, leaving GeneCo with no legal heir. A scene during the end credits reveals that Amber became GeneCo\'s new CEO, "auctions her fallen face to charity as a symbol of GeneCo\'s commitment to change", Luigi murdered the top three bidders, and Pavi won the auction and he now "wears Amber\'s face with pride."'] ["Cantankerous tycoon John P. Merrick  goes undercover as a shoe clerk at his own New York department store to identify agitators trying to form a union, after seeing a newspaper picture of his employees hanging him in effigy. He befriends fellow clerk Mary Jones  and her recently fired boyfriend Joe O'Brien , a labor union organizer. Through his firsthand experiences, he grows more sympathetic to the needs of his workers, while finding unexpected love with sweet-natured clerk Elizabeth Ellis ."] ['The granddaughter of a President of the United States, Lucy Chase Wayne  discreetly campaigns to gain the presidential nomination for her beloved husband, Secretary of State Stephen Wayne . She tries to gain the support of rising Senator Gordon Keane , a victory that would be doubly sweet inasmuch as he is the protégé of her despised arch-rival, Irene Hibbard . Lucy becomes concerned when rumors reach her that Irene intends to divorce her boring Supreme Court Justice spouse, Carter , marry Keane, and try to get him elected President. She concocts a scheme to deceive Irene into believing that Carter will be her party\'s candidate in the upcoming election  and force Irene to abort her own plans. Lucy convinces Lavinia Mae Creevey , the narrow-minded, provincial leader of an organization of five million women, to back Carter. To Lucy\'s horror, newspaper magnate Ellsworth T. Banning ([[Grant Mitchell  adds his support, and Carter is indeed offered the nomination. Lucy learns that Prince Boris Gregoravitch , Irene\'s ex-husband, is in Washington for negotiations. Learning something interesting from the prince, she has her husband invite the foreign envoy to the dinner in which Carter is to announce his acceptance of the nomination. Gregoravitch is delighted to see Irene and gives her some "good" news. On behalf of his country, he has reached an agreement with the United States in which both sides will recognize each other\'s laws. Once the treaty is signed, he and Irene will be considered divorced by the American legal system. Until then however, Irene is technically a bigamist. Lucy blackmails Irene into getting Carter to decline the nomination, leaving the way free for her husband.'] ['Imbued with the spirit of the left-wing political movement, Popular Front, which would have a major political victory that year, the film chronicles the story of M. Lange , a mild-mannered clerk at a publishing company who dreams of writing Western stories. He gets his chance when Batala , the salacious head of the company, fakes his own death and the abandoned workers decide to form a cooperative. They have great success with Lange\'s stories about the cowboy, Arizona Jim — whose stories parallel the real-life experiences of the cooperative. At the same time, Lange and his neighbor, Valentine , fall in love. When Batala returns from the "dead", intending to reclaim the publishing company, Lange shoots and kills him . Lange and Valentine flee to escape the country, stopping at an inn near the Belgian border. Here, Valentine tells Lange\'s story to a group of the inn\'s patrons, who had recognized Lange as the "murderer on the run" and threatened to turn him in to the police. After the story is through, the men sympathize with Lange and decide to allow him to escape across the border to freedom.'] ['Wayne and Garth now do their acclaimed Friday-night TV show in an abandoned doll factory in Aurora. At the end of the broadcast, Wayne, Garth, and his friends, head into the Mirthmobile, and off to an Aerosmith concert. After the band\'s performance, Wayne and Garth head backstage , and praise Aerosmith like they did to Alice Cooper in the previous film. That night, Wayne has a dream in which he meets Jim Morrison  and a "weird naked Indian" , in which Morrison tells Wayne that his destiny is to organize and put on a big concert. Wayne then asks when Garth\'s football phone going to arrive, Morrison said it was sent to the wrong house and will arrive in the morning along with a swimsuit magazine and Stanley Cup video. The next morning, Garth showed up with the phone, magazine and video, which convinces Wayne to put on the show. Wayne and Garth dub the concert "Waynestock" and get to work, by, firstly, at Morrison\'s request, to hire his former roadie, Del Preston , who, surprisingly had the same dream as Wayne. Their early attempts to sign bands and sell tickets fall flat, however, and Wayne wonders if the whole thing was a good idea. Wayne\'s girlfriend Cassandra, meanwhile, has a new producer, Bobby Cahn , who slowly tries to pull her away from Wayne  and Illinois. After Wayne admits that he was spying on her, Cassandra breaks off the relationship and hastily gets engaged to Bobby on the rebound. Garth meets a beautiful woman, Honey Hornée , at the laundromat, and she quickly ropes him in with her charms. Eventually, it is revealed that Honey is manipulating Garth into killing her ex-husband, and Garth quickly bails on the relationship. Back in the real world, tickets for Waynestock are finally selling, but no bands have shown up. Wrestling with what to do, Wayne departs the festival grounds so he can find Cassandra, leaving Garth to keep the rowdy crowd in check. In a parody to The Graduate, Wayne travels to a church and breaks up Cassandra\'s wedding before escaping the ceremony with her. Meanwhile, Garth has stage fright during the concert. Upon returning to Waynestock, the bands still have not shown up. As in the first film, three endings occur. *Wayne and Garth consult Morrison, who said that no one will come, telling them that all that matters is they tried. They turn around to go back to Waynestock and they lose their way, not knowing how to escape the desert dream sequence, and therefore presumably die of thirst . *They drive their car to find the bands, but a helicopter corners them, so they drive their car off a cliff . *The promised bands arrive and the whole event is a huge success .  In the movie, Waynestock is held in Adlai Stevenson Memorial Park, in Aurora, Illinois. The acts that Wayne books include Crucial Taunt , Aerosmith, Rip Taylor, Pearl Jam, and Van Halen. Aerosmith performs "Shut Up and Dance" at the concert. Additionally, the Gin Blossoms and Nash Kato  can be seen being escorted out of a limousine-length Mirthmobile by the weird naked Indian as the closing credits begin.'] ["Forgotten Silver purports to tell the story of 'forgotten' New Zealand filmmaker Colin McKenzie, and the rediscovery of his lost films, which presenter Peter Jackson claims to have found in an old shed. McKenzie is presented as the first and greatest innovator of modern cinema, single-handedly inventing the tracking shot , the close-up , and both sound and color film years before their historically documented creation. The film also shows fragments of an epic Biblical film supposedly made by McKenzie in a giant set in the forests of New Zealand, and a 'computer enhancement' of a McKenzie film providing clear evidence that New Zealander Richard Pearse was the first man to invent a powered aircraft, several months prior to the Wright Brothers. The film also shows a  premiere screening of a recovered McKenzie film presented by film promoter Lindsay Shelton. It features deadpan commentary from actor/director Sam Neill and director and film archivist John O'Shea, as well as critical praise from international industry notables including film historian Leonard Maltin, and Harvey Weinstein of Miramax Films. In reality, McKenzie is a fictional character, and the films featured in Forgotten Silver were all created by Peter Jackson, carefully mimicking the style of early cinema. The interviewees are all acting. Thomas Robins, the actor who portrays Colin MacKenzie, is today more easily recognized by audiences as Sméagol's ill-fated companion Déagol in Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King."] ["Flatland: The Movie begins with the 2-dimensional Arthur Square awaking from a dream of strange, glowing symbols. He lives with his wife, Arlene Square, and his curious granddaughter Hex, a hexagon. He rushes Hex to school and along the way they discuss the laws of inheritance: how each new generation of Flatlanders, beginning with triangles, gains a new side until the shapes become indistinguishable from circles. They also discuss how a citizen's shape affects their job, with triangles performing menial labor and circles ruling Flatland in the priest class. They witness a cruel incident where a Circle Priest arrests a slightly irregular octagon child, prompting Hex to yet again wonder about what happened to her pentagonal parents. Arthur tells her that he will tell her someday, and rushes her off to school. Arthur arrives at his Ministry of Regularity job only to be harassed by his circular superior, Miss Helios. He is about to confide his dream of the symbols to his brother Abbott Square when the employees are called to a meeting. The head circle ruler of Flatland, Pantocyclus, ushers a new edict that bans discussion of heretical topics such as a third dimension or the ruins at Area 33H. When Arthur sees an image of the ruins, he recognizes them from his dream. At dinner, Hex asks Arthur about the Circles' proclamation and to define 'dimension.' Arthur gives her a geometry lesson showing how powers in arithmetic can be translated to geometrical dimensions. When Hex speculates on a third dimension, Arthur becomes infuriated and sends her to her room. She is only calmed when Arlene talks to her and gives her a gift of some of her mother's belongings – a box containing books and a model of the symbols at Area 33H. That night, Arthur Square is plucked from his bedroom and taken to a strange, alien landscape. He encounters the insane, babbling King of Pointland, a being of zero dimensions. Then he encounters Lineland, a universe of one dimension that is populated by an arrogant line segment King who cannot imagine a new dimension that he cannot see. Finally, Arthur is whisked back to his living room. Suddenly he hears a voice booming out and sees a point grow to a circle and then back to a point. The being identifies himself as Spherius, a three-dimensional solid from Spaceland. After failed attempts to explain the third dimension, Arthur is popped into Spaceland and taken on a journey by Spherius. They stop at Area 33H and Arthur realizes that the symbols show a progression from point to line to square to cube, and that the constantly changing shape in the center is actually a cube, halfway though the plane of Flatland and spinning along all three axes. Hex was right! Arthur excitedly asks Spherius to show him the fourth dimension and the fifth dimension. Spherius laughs, saying there couldn't possibly be a higher dimension. He tells Arthur to spread the word of the third dimension and drops Arthur back into bed. Meanwhile, at the Ministry, Pantocyclus is ordering the triangle guards and circles, including Miss Helios, to beware any employees who mention the third dimension and to guard Area 33H. When Arthur awakes, he rushes to Hex's room to tell her the news. He finds her missing and Arlene tells him that she left very early. Meanwhile, Hex is entering Area 33H and discovering the symbols for herself. However, a triangle guard spots Hex. At the Ministry, Arthur arrives and begins talking to his brother when an alarm goes off. Over the intercom Miss Helios orders all guards to catch an intruder at Area 33H. Arthur realizes it might be Hex at the ruins and persuades Abbott to help him steal a Ministry car. Abbott and Arthur arrive at the ruins moments before the triangle guards. With Abbott distracting the guards, Arthur goes to the symbols and finds Hex terrified. She apologizes but Arthur finally admits to her that he had been protecting her from the knowledge that her parents were arrested and killed for their theories on the third dimension. With the guards closing in, Arthur pushes Hex into the cube symbol, which pops her up into the third dimension. Arthur is arrested by Miss Helios. Arthur is hastily brought into a courtroom with Pantocyclus proceeding over his trial for heresy. Arlene arrives, asking where Hex is. In his cell, Arthur assures her that Hex escaped 'upward' into the third dimension and is safe. A nearby pentagon begins broadcasting the trial. Pantocyclus challenges Arthur to show everyone the third dimension, or as he calls it “upwards, not northwards.” Arthur admits that he can't and pleads with his fellow Flatlanders that reason dictates a third dimension. He challenges them to aspire to be greater than their shapes, angering the Circles immensely. The crowd is growing unruly as Arthur's words take hold. In a fit of rage, Pantocyclus sentences Arthur to death and the crowd gasps. Just as Arthur loses hope, Spherius interrupts the proceedings and pops Arthur out of Flatland. Arthur thanks Spherius but feels he has failed to persuade people of the third dimension. Spherius surprises Arthur with the solution: he intended Hex, not Arthur to be the prophet of the Third Dimension. Hex embraces Arthur and they fly back down to the courtroom, surprising everyone as they materialize out of nowhere. The Circles are speechless and lose control of the courtroom, evading the reporter's questions about the third dimension. Arthur, Arlene, Hex, and Abbott are reunited. The reporter asks Hex if she has also visited the fourth dimension. Spherius angrily comes down to Flatland to scoff at the idea and flies off. But off on the horizon, a light is shining. The symbols at Area 33H are glowing and as the camera dips below Flatland we see that the spinning cube is actually part of a larger installation: eight cubes spinning and orbiting a 4D cube – a tesseract – which, in turn, is rotating around its fourth axis."] ['During the prologue, a narrator  explains the story\'s premise: that in modern society, natural selection is indifferent toward intelligence, with the result that in the future, stupid people  will greatly outnumber the intelligent. As the story begins, Corporal Joe Bauers , a U.S. Army librarian, and a prostitute named Rita  are selected for a suspended animation experiment which is only supposed to last a year, but the experiment is forgotten when the officer in charge is imprisoned for having started a prostitution business of his own. Five hundred years later, when the average I.Q. has dropped to somewhere in the lower twenties, Joe and Rita\'s suspension chambers are unearthed by the collapse of an immense pile of garbage. Joe\'s suspension chamber smashes through the wall of the apartment of Frito Pendejo , who immediately throws him out for interrupting his favorite TV show, "Ow! My Balls!". Joe, suffering from a suspended animation hangover, makes his way to a hospital, where he discovers the year is 2505. He is arrested for not paying his hospital bill, and for not having a bar code tattoo. Frito turns out to be his trial lawyer, and is still mad about his broken apartment, so he makes sure that Joe is sent to jail. Meanwhile, Rita returns to her former profession. While imprisoned, Joe is renamed "Not Sure" by a faulty identity tattooing machine, and takes an I.Q. test, before easily outsmarting the prison guards and escaping. Joe returns to Frito\'s apartment to ask Frito whether a time machine exists to help him return to 2005. Frito claims to know of one, but agrees to help only after Joe promises to open a bank account under Frito\'s name in Joe\'s time, which will be worth billions of dollars by 2505. On the way to find the time machine, Joe and Frito find Rita. They arrive at a gigantic Costco store, where Frito thinks the time machine can be found. A scanner in the store identifies Joe as a fugitive by his tattoo. He is arrested again and taken to the White House to become Secretary of the Interior, on grounds that his I.Q. test identified him as the smartest man alive. In a speech, President Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Herbert Camacho  gives Joe the job of fixing the nation\'s food shortages, dust bowls, and crippled economy within a week. Joe discovers that the nation\'s crops are irrigated with a Gatorade-like sports drink named "Brawndo", whose eponymous parent corporation had earlier purchased the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and Federal Communications Commission. When Joe has it replaced with water, without visibly improving the crops, Brawndo\'s stock drops to zero and computers automatically lay off half the population, causing mass riots. Joe is sentenced to die in an unfairly-matched monster truck demolition derby featuring undefeated "Rehabilitation Officer" Beef Supreme ([[Andrew Wilson . Rita discovers that Joe\'s reintroduction of water to the soil has finally prompted vegetation in the fields, Frito shows the thriving crops on the stadium\'s display screen, and the President gives Joe a full pardon. The President names Joe Vice President. Joe and Rita find that the "time machine" is a wildly inaccurate history-themed amusement ride. Joe is subsequently elected to the presidency. Joe and Rita marry and conceive the world\'s three smartest children, while Frito, now Joe\'s Vice President, takes eight wives and fathers thirty-two of the world\'s stupidest children. After the credits, a third suspension vessel releases Rita\'s former pimp, Upgrayedd, to search the future city for Rita.'] ["In 1940, the Nazi enemy invades Great Britain by drilling under the English Channel and up through the cobblestones on Whitehall. In London, from his bunker under Downing Street, Prime Minister Winston Churchill  issues a call to arms for all of Britain to band together to resist the invaders. In a small village, Chris , a young farm worker rallies the residents to fight back. Joining forces with Churchill's small group of soldiers, the resistance movement retreats to Hadrian's Wall where the unlikely saviours of the country come from the Scottish highlands."] ['The life of housewife Francine Fishpaw ([[Divine  is crumbling around her in her middle-class suburban Baltimore home. Her husband, Elmer , is a polyester-clad lout who owns an X-rated theater, causing anti-pornography protesters to picket the Fishpaws\' house. She also states that "all the neighborhood women spit at me" whenever she is at the shopping mall. Francine\'s children are Lu-Lu , her spoiled, slutty daughter, and Dexter , her delinquent, glue-sniffing son who derives illicit pleasure from stomping on women\'s feet. Also adding to Francine\'s troubles is her snobby, class-conscious, cocaine-snorting mother, La Rue , who robs Francine blind and only cares about her "valuable shopping time." Francine seeks solace in her best friend, Cuddles Kovinsky , an independently wealthy, simple-minded woman and the world\'s oldest debutante. Cuddles was once the Fishpaws\' housekeeper, but she inherited a large sum of money from a very affluent family that she used to work for, and who has befriended Francine. This infuriates La Rue, who admonishes Francine, "She was a scrubwoman. Give her... car fare...a ham at Easter, but for God\'s sake, don\'t hang around with her!" Cuddles tries to cheer Francine with "seize-the-day" bromides, to no avail. Francine discovers that her husband is having an affair with his secretary, Sandra Sullivan , and later confronts them during a tryst at a motel and demands a divorce. Francine then falls into alcoholism and depression, exacerbated by her children\'s behavior: Lu-Lu becomes pregnant by her delinquent boyfriend, Bo-Bo , and she tells her mother, "I\'m having an abortion, and I can\'t wait!"; and after Dexter is arrested at a supermarket for stomping on a woman\'s foot, the media reveal that he\'s the "Baltimore foot stomper". Lu-Lu goes to a family planning clinic for an abortion, but is harassed by anti-abortion picketers. She flees, goes home, and tries to induce a miscarriage, causing Francine to call an unwed mothers\' home. Two nuns  arrive, cart Lu-Lu out of the house, lock her in the trunk of a car, and take her to a Catholic home for unwed mothers. Meanwhile, on Halloween evening, La Rue is shot by Bo-Bo and his friend, who have come to trash the Fishpaw house. La Rue manages to retrieve the gun and shoots Bo-Bo dead. Lu-Lu comes home from the unwed mothers\' home and, upon discovering her dead boyfriend, tries to commit suicide by sticking her head in the oven. Francine comes home, sees her daughter\'s suicide attempt, and faints. After this, Francine\'s life begins to change. Dexter is released from jail, completely rehabilitated. Lu-Lu suffers a miscarriage from her suicide attempt and sees the error of her ways, turning from a high-school harlot to an artistic flower child who enthuses, "Look, mother, I\'ve discovered macramé!". Francine finally summons the strength to tell off La Rue. A beacon of light arrives in the form of lounge-suit-wearing, Corvette-driving Todd Tomorrow , lifting Francine\'s spirits. Todd proposes marriage to an elated Francine, who accepts. However, it is soon revealed that Todd is romantically involved with La Rue and they are conspiring to embezzle Francine\'s divorce settlement and drive her insane. Meanwhile, Elmer and Sandra break into the house to kill Francine, but are felled by Dexter and Lu-Lu. Dexter steps on Sandra\'s foot, causing her to accidentally shoot Elmer; Lu-Lu uses her macramé to strangle Sandra. Cuddles and her German chauffeur/fiancé Heintz  arrive and drive their limousine into La Rue and Todd. The film concludes with a happy ending for Francine, her children, and Cuddles and Heintz.'] ['Living in the fictional seaside village of Little Hope, New Hampshire, Suzanne Stone , a young, beautiful, and ruthless woman dreams of being a world-famous news anchor. To that end, she marries Larry Maretto , because she believes his family business will keep her financially comfortable, and starts attempting to climb the network news ladder, beginning as a weather girl at a local cable station, WWEN. When Larry, who truly loves Suzanne, starts asking her to take time off from her career to start a family, she immediately plots to get rid of him. To this end, she begins a high school project called "Teens Speak Out," and during a dancing project at her house while Larry is away, she seduces Jimmy Emmett , a disturbed young man, and strong-arms him and his friends, delinquent Russell Heines  and low self-esteemed Lydia Mertz , into killing Larry, whom she describes as abusive and self-centered. Jimmy is reluctant at first, but complies when Suzanne grants him sexual favors and threatens to leave him if he does not. With the aid and abetment of Russell and Lydia, Jimmy ultimately commits the murder, but is wracked with guilt after seeing Larry\'s rather calm demeanor during the struggle. The police begin investigating when they stumble across a "Teens Speak Out" video of Suzanne at Jimmy\'s school in which Jimmy discreetly hints a relationship  with Suzanne. Jimmy, Russell and Lydia are arrested, but Lydia makes a deal with the police to converse with Suzanne with a tape recorder taped to her stomach, and Suzanne unwittingly reveals her hand in the murder. Despite this undeniable proof of Suzanne\'s guilt, however, she is acquitted in court, on the basis that the police had resorted to entrapment, and walks free . Jimmy and Russell are sentenced to life in prison and sixteen years, respectively, while Lydia gets out scot-free for her cooperation. In the end, however, Suzanne gets her comeuppance when she fabricates a story about Larry becoming addicted to drugs, desiring to turn over a new leaf and subsequently getting killed by the drug suppliers, Jimmy and Russell, who wanted to keep him silent. Larry\'s father, Joe , hears this on television, and realizes that Suzanne was behind his son\'s murder, and consequently uses his mafia connections to have her murdered. The hitman  lures Suzanne away from her home by pretending to be interested in publishing her life story, murders her quietly, then buries her under a frozen lake, her favorite spot, where she once skated. In a final irony, Lydia gains national attention by telling her side of the story in a television interview, becoming a celebrity. The final scene shows Larry\'s sister, Janice , practicing her figure skating on the frozen lake where Suzanne\'s corpse is hidden, thus literally dancing on her grave.'] ['The film depicts the mutually exploitative relationship that exists between the U.S. military and the lower elements of Japanese society at Yokosuka.'] ['As summer draws to a close, a violent downpour interrupts a beach-side beauty pageant in a provincial town on the Adriatic coast. Sandra Rubini , elected "Miss Siren of 1953", suddenly grows upset and faints: rumours fly that she’s expecting a baby by inveterate skirt chaser Fausto Moretti . Under pressure from Francesco , his respectable father, Fausto agrees to a shotgun wedding. After the sparsely attended middle-class ceremony, the newlyweds leave town on their honeymoon. Unemployed and living off their parents, Fausto\'s twenty-something“The five youthful characters range in age between nineteen and the early twenties.” Alpert, 81-82 friends kill time shuffling from empty cafés to seedy pool halls to aimless walks across desolate windswept beaches. During the interim, they perform immature pranks. Taunting honest road workers from the safety of a luxury car they never earned, they\'re given a sound thrashing when it runs out of gas. Moraldo Rubini , Sandra\'s brother and the youngest of the five vitelloni, uncomfortably observes Fausto\'s womanizing as he ponders his own existence, dreaming of ways to escape to the big city. Riccardo , the baritone, nourishes unrealistic ambitions to sing and act. Alberto , the daydreamer, is supported by his mother and self-reliant sister, Olga . Vulnerable and effeminate, he\'s unhappy that Olga is secretly dating a married man. Leopoldo , the aspiring dramatist, writes a play that he discusses with Sergio Natali , an eccentric stage actor he hopes will perform in it. Back from his honeymoon and settled in with Sandra, Fausto is forced to accept a job as a stockroom assistant in a religious-articles shop owned by Michele Curti , a friend of his father-in-law\'s. Incorrigible, he pursues other women even in his wife\'s presence. At the annual masquerade ball, Fausto is bedazzled by the mature beauty of Giulia Curti , his employer’s wife. Alberto, in drag and half-drunk, executes a surrealistic dance across the ballroom floor with a goofy carnival head made of papier-mâché. Returning home at dawn, Alberto is devastated to find his sister running off for good with her sinister lover. Fausto’s naive attempt to seduce Giulia results in his being humiliated and then fired by her husband. In revenge, he steals the statue of an angel in gold paint from his former employer, enlisting the loyal Moraldo to help him sell it to a monk. Suspicious, the monk turns down the offer. Fausto ends up giving the statue to a simple-minded peasant  who sets the angel on a mound outside his hovel, admiring it from afar. One evening after a variety show, Leopoldo agrees to accompany old Sergio for a walk along the seashore to discuss the merits of his play but when the actor propositions him, he takes to his heels in horror. Learning of Fausto’s one-night stand with an actress, Sandra runs away from home, taking the baby with her. Riccardo, Alberto, Leopoldo, and Moraldo all join in Fausto’s desperate search to retrieve his wife and child. When they find her at the home of Fausto’s father, Francesco pulls off his belt in a rage and finally whips his son. Resolved to abandon the provincial monotony of his dead-end town, Moraldo boards the train for Rome, imagining his vitelloni friends sleeping their lives away.'] ['The concept of the movie is explained in a voiceover intro by G. W. Bailey, who wonders what it would be like if one of the 1930s/1940s Rex O\'Herlihan movies were to be made today. At that point, in a scene reminiscent of The Wizard of Oz, the cinematogaphy shifts from black & white to color and the soundtrack changes from mono to Dolby Digital surround sound. As a consequence of this paradigm shift, Rex O\'Herlihan , a "singing cowboy," is the only character aware of the plot outline. He explains that he "knows the future" inasmuch as "these Western towns are all the same" and that it\'s his "karma" to "ride into a town, help the good guys, who are usually poor for some reason, against the bad guys, who are usually rich for some reason, and ride out again." Rex\'s knowledge is also connected to the unspecified "root" vegetables he digs up and eats. On his high-stepping horse Wildfire, Rex rides into the town of Oakwood Estates, walks into a saloon and meets Peter, the Town Drunk . In exchange for a free drink, Peter explicates the background: the town, and especially the sheep herders , are being terrorized by the cattle ranchers, headed by Colonel Ticonderoga . Also there is Miss Tracy , the traditional Prostitute with a Heart of Gold. A local sheriff is "a corrupt old coward who takes his orders from the Colonel." Blackie, the foreman at Rancho Ticonderoga, swaggers into the bar with two of his henchmen and shoots one of the sheep herders. Miss Tracy objects, hot words are exchanged, and Blackie is accidentally shot in the back by his henchmen. Rex then shoots the guns out of their hands. Peter exchanges his drunk suit for a sidekick outfit, catches up with Rex, and is reluctantly accepted.  At the singing cowboy\'s campsite, Peter finds not one but two women there eager to get to know Rex a little better, Miss Tracy and the Colonel\'s daughter . The Colonel goes to the boss of the railroad men  who wear [[duster  for help. "We should stick together. Look what we have in common: we\'re both rich, we\'re both power-mad, and we\'re both Colonels— that\'s got to count for something!" Rex outwits the Bad Guys because he knows their every move before they do. But then the Colonels import "Wrangler" Bob Barber , apparently another Good Guy. Bob psychs out Rex in their first meeting by attacking Rex\'s claim to be the "most good Good Guy" and pointing out that a Good Guy has to be "a confident heterosexual." "I thought it was just a heterosexual", Rex objects. "No, it\'s a confident heterosexual," responds Bob. Rex backs down from the shootout. On his way out of town, while preparing to change roles to that of a sidekick, Rex explains to Peter that he rides into town, kisses the girls and rides out again. "That\'s all: I just kiss \'em. I mean, this is the 1880s. You gotta date and date and date and date and sometimes marry \'em before they, you know ..." Bob reports that Rex is finished as a Good Guy. Nevertheless, the Colonels, over Bob\'s objection, arrange for Peter to be bushwhacked. This rouses Rex to round up the sheep herders and face down Bob and the rancher/railroad combine. Bob is revealed as not a Good Guy at all because, after all, "I\'m a lawyer!" Rex shoots him. Colonel Ticonderoga makes the peace. He apologizes to Rex and throws a party at Rancho Ticonderoga, after which Rex and Peter  ride off together into the sunset.'] ['A chemist by training, Alexandr Petrovich Bochkin  manages a Moscow dry-cleaning operation, but lives a very comfortable life, taking orders on the side for his speculative "private enterprise," run in conjunction with "Queen Margot" . But when his old friend from the chemical institute, Yuri Lebedev  arrives in Moscow from the Siberian city of Dalnegorsk, along with a traveling companion, Olga , Bochkin becomes uncomfortable with his job title. He decides to tell his friends that he is a scientist working on top-secret experiments for the government, but eventually this cover story backfires, leading to one misunderstanding after the other.'] ["The story takes place in Hollywood in the early 1930s, shortly after the start of the talkie period. A visionary and gifted young Hollywood director  known as The Boy Wonder has fallen out of favor with the studios. This is ostensibly due to his reluctance to lower his standards or abandon his artistic and experimental style  for the sake of churning out lesser quality stag films for easy money, due to his alcoholism and his fear of leaving his house. He works out of his decaying mansion, which is the only one left on a street being turned into a freeway. On the morning of this particular shoot, he hires a heroin-addicted waitress, Harlene , who was once a well-known and respected star during the silent film era. She is now the star in the first of his six-picture deal. She prepares and shoots heroin while The Boy Wonder drinks heavily during a conversation about the changing times in Hollywood. An actor called Rex the Wonder Dog (played by [[Stephen Davies  soon arrives in a white suit with grass stains on his knees, having just came from his job working for a mortician. He gullibly believes a man that says he will put him in the mainstream talkies, and has an appointment to meet him in his hotel room. The Boy Wonder awkwardly attempts to make an artistic film using an actress under the influence of heroin and an actor who becomes increasingly frustrated with the director and all of his poetic talk, much of which he admits he doesn't understand. The scene goes wrong when Rex gets out of control during the action and The Boy Wonder needs to smash a wine bottle over his head to get him to stop. Enter Big Mac , a porno film producer. He has heroin packets in his jacket pocket, a cigar in his mouth, wads of money for Rex and a pretty wannabe actress hanging on his arm named Cathy Cake . Harlene takes her payment in heroin and soon dies from an overdose in an upstairs bedroom. Big Mac offers Rex a part in a mainstream movie in order to convince Rex to help him bury the body and, while the two are away, Cathy and The Boy Wonder develop a chemistry that eventually leads to another ironic high point in the film. He makes love to her believing he has found something of a soulmate, but she is disappointed when she learns the camera was off. The Boy Wonder realizes that this romantic encounter was simply a ploy to get her into the film, and that she has used and directed him the way he used and directed her. Big Mac and Rex return to find them half naked. In a rage, Big Mac ends his six-picture stag film contract with The Boy Wonder, who by this time is completely drunk. The end of the film finds The Boy Wonder alone in his spacious living room, playing piano and singing, pondering what he'll eat for lunch."] ['In August 1991, Estonia became independent from the USSR and brings to its national bank nearly $1 billion in gold bullion that had been secretly hidden in Paris for 50 years. Russian mobsters have a bold plan to hijack the gold after shutting down Tallinn\'s power plant at midnight. For this they need Toivo, an electrical technician whose wife is heavily pregnant but urges him to take the job saying "$5000 buys lots of baby food". After Toivo leaves for the plant, his wife suddenly goes into labour and as the blackout occurs the baby needs an incubator, but there\'s no power. Jealousies within the Mob undercut the plan\'s smooth operation, and soon the Mob has Toivo to deal with as well.'] ["Dr. Jeff Weitzman  is a psychologist working in a sanitarium in New Jersey. His primary patients are Billy, Henry, Jack and Albert. Billy  is the most normal of the group and their unofficial leader, though he is a pathological liar with delusions of grandeur and violent tendencies. Henry  is obsessive/compulsive and he has deluded himself into thinking he is one of the doctors at the hospital, often walking around with a clipboard, lab coat and stethoscope. Jack  is a former advertising executive who believes he is Jesus Christ. Finally, Albert  is a man-child who only says things what he hears during baseball games, particularly from former ball player and commentator Phil Rizzuto. Convinced that his patients need some fresh air and some time away from the sanitarium, Dr. Weitzman persuades the administration to allow him to take them to a baseball game at Yankee Stadium. Unfortunately, he accidentally encounters two crooked cops just as they murder another officer. The doctor then gets knocked unconscious trying to get away and is put in the hospital. The group is now stranded in New York City, forced to cope with a place which is often more bizarre than their sanitarium. One of the both comic and serious plot twists is that the inmates have to listen to Albert's baseball jargon in order to get clues as to what happened to Dr. Weitzman, because he is the only one who witnessed it . Two other running gags throughout the film are: Henry's threats to report psychologically disturbing behavior of the other patients ; and Billy's violent, unpredictable but ultimately harmless behavior in several different scenarios. A lesser gag is Jack, in his persona as Jesus Christ, causing a rousing sermon at a black church, only for the parishoners to come to their senses and expel him , and the other three patients get Jack new  clothes from an army surplus store. After Dr. Weitzman's beating and coma, it is up to the patients to save their doctor from being murdered by the crooked cops. They end up having to both use and overcome their delusions and disorders in order to save the only man who ever tried to help them, with both the police and the killers looking for them. Three revisit scenes from their pasts: Billy , Henry , and Jack . As each patient does so individually, they each behave in a sane, clear manner, Henry genuinely missing his family, Billy wishing to pursue a stronger relationship, and Jack appealing to his boss that he and his friends are in trouble . Throughout the film there are minor scenes showing the interaction between the two crooked police officers  and what their plans are in framing the patients for the murder of Officer Alvarez earlier in the film."] ["Kreton  is an alien from outer space who is fascinated by human beings. Against the wishes of his teacher, he repeatedly visits Earth. During his latest visit, his teacher reluctantly agrees to allow him to stay and study the humans. He becomes friends with a suburban family and stays with them, after they agree to keep his alien status a secret. Along the way, he falls in love with their daughter , however, there is a force field around him that prevents any physical contact as his race has abolished any form of affection. After repeatedly breaking the one rule from his teacher, which is not to get involved in the humans' lives, he is stripped of all his powers so that he can realize that being human isn't always happy: it comes with other less desired emotions such as pain, sadness and jealousy. Once his cover is blown on Earth and he is reported to the police, he decides that those emotions are not worth the trouble and he returns to his own planet."] ["The film is a satire on Indian caste system; when a poor and out-caste, village shoemaker, Dukhi , goes to village Brahmin   to get the date of his daughter's marriage fixed, the Brahmin in turn asks for labour without pay in exchange, the ensuing events however turn the table against the priest, who in the end has to fore-go all the lofty tradition, including that of untouchability, he held so dearly, all this life, in his life as village priest.Overview New York Times."] ['C.R. "Mac" MacNamara is a high-ranking executive in the Coca-Cola Company, assigned to West Berlin after a business fiasco a few years earlier in the Middle East . Nevertheless, Mac is angling to become head of Western European Coca-Cola Operations, based in London. After working on an arrangement to introduce Coke into the Soviet Union, Mac receives a call from his boss, W.P. Hazeltine in Atlanta. Scarlett Hazeltine, the boss\'s hot-blooded 17-year-old socialite daughter, is coming to Berlin and Mac receives the unenviable task of taking care of this young whirlwind. An expected two-week stay develops into two months, and Mac discovers just why Scarlett is enamored of Berlin—she surprises him by announcing that she\'s married to a young man, Otto Piffl, who happens to be an East German Communist with ardent anti-capitalism views. The socialite couple are bound for Moscow to make a new life for themselves . Since Hazeltine and his wife are coming to Berlin to collect their daughter the very next day, this is obviously a disaster of monumental proportions, and Mac deals with it as any good capitalist would &mdash; by framing the young Communist firebrand and having him picked up by the Stasi, the East German secret police, who later force Otto to sign a confession that he\'s an American spy . Under pressure from his stern and disapproving wife , and with the revelation that Scarlett is pregnant, Mac sets out to bring Otto back with the help of his new Russian business associates. With the boss on the way, he finds that his only chance is to turn Otto into a son-in-law in good standing &mdash; which means, among other things, making him a capitalist with an aristocratic pedigree . In the end, the Hazeltines approve of their new son-in-law (upon which Mac learns from Hazeltine that Otto will be named the new head of Western European Operations—with Mac getting a promotion to VP of Procurement  Mac reconciles with his family at the airport, and to celebrate his promotion, offers to buy his family a Coke. Ironically, after handing out the Cokes to his family, he realizes upon inspection that the final bottle he takes for himself is actually Pepsi-Cola.{{cite web}}'] ['Democratic Congressman Cam Brady  of North Carolina\'s 14th District is running for his fifth term unopposed. However his campaign is damaged by the revelation of his affair with one of his supporters, when Cam accidentally leaves a sexually explicit voice message on a local family\'s phone. Corrupt businessmen, brothers Glen  and Wade Motch , use this opportunity to convince Marty Huggins , tourism director for the town of Hammond and son of one of their associates, Raymond Huggins ([[Brian Cox , to run against Cam on the Republican ticket, as part of a plan to profit from illegal dealings with Chinese companies. Cam at first underestimates Marty and humiliates him by playing a video biography highlighting Marty\'s dim-witted nature. The Motch brothers then hire Tim Wattley  to be Marty\'s campaign manager. Tim reinvents Marty as a successful entrepreneur and family man. Marty\'s popularity rises due to his effective campaign while Cam\'s is further damaged when he accidentally punches a baby when intending to hit Marty. Cam later runs a campaign portraying Marty as an Al Qaeda terrorist, and Marty exposes Cam as a fake Christian by asking him to recite the Lord\'s Prayer, which he fails to do. Cam attempts to restore his religious image by visiting a church of snake handlers, but he gets bitten by a snake. A video of the bite is leaked into the Internet and goes viral, increasing Cam\'s popularity. When Cam\'s son plans to slander his competition for class president, Cam realizes he has set a bad example and visits Marty to make peace. A drunken Cam tells Marty that he originally became a politician to help people, citing that as class president he had a dangerous, rusty slide removed from the playground. After Cam leaves, Wattley convinces Marty to call the police and report Cam for driving while drunk. Cam is arrested and his campaign is again damaged. At a debate, Marty portrays a story Cam wrote in the 2nd grade as a "communist manifesto," and Cam accidentally punches Uggie, the dog from The Artist when attacking Marty, once more suffering in his popularity levels. Marty later airs a TV ad of Cam\'s son addressing Marty as "dad". Cam gets revenge on Marty by seducing his neglected wife Mitzy  and recording the act. The released sex tape humiliates the Huggins family and causes Cam\'s campaign manager, Mitch , to abandon him. Marty retaliates by shooting Cam in the leg on a hunting trip, increasing his own popularity. As the election nears, Marty meets with the Motch brothers and learns of their plans to sell Hammond to their Chinese business partner and turn the town into a large series of factories. Marty realizes he has been used and rejects the Motch brothers\' support. The Motch brothers offer Cam their support instead to preserve their plans. Marty meanwhile reconciles with his family. On election day, Cam\'s victory appears to be certain until Marty comes forward and exposes the Motch brothers\' intent and promises to preserve Hammond if elected. Cam still wins and remains congressman due to rigged voting machines owned by the Motch brothers. While Cam gloats, Marty shows his large scars to Cam and reveals that he looked up to Cam in school for getting rid of the dangerous slide. Realizing he has swayed from his true objectives as a politician, Cam withdraws from the election and Marty wins by default. Cam earns back Mitch\'s respect, and Marty later appoints him his chief of staff. Six months later, Marty and Cam expose the Motch brothers\' scandals and the brothers are called to appear before Congress. The Motch brothers point out that everything they did is legal under Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission, but they are arrested for their association with Wattley, who is actually an international fugitive known as "The Greek Butcher."'] ['The film opens depicting a scene in July 1914 immediately prior to the cruise ship Gloria N. setting sail from Naples Harbor. The opening sequence is in sepia tones, as if it were a film shot in that era, with no sound other than the whirring of the projector. Gradually the sepia fades into full colour and we can hear the characters’ dialogue. Orlando, an Italian journalist, supplies commentary by directly addressing the camera, explaining to the viewer that the cruise is a funeral voyage to disperse the ashes of opera singer Edmea Tetua near the island of Erimo, her birthplace. Considered the greatest singer of all time, Tetua is celebrated for her goddess-like voice. The bumbling but lovable journalist also provides highly subjective anecdotes and gossip on the wide array of cartoon characters that evoke the golden age of the "funny papers"  but with a perverse Felliniesque twist. These include more opera singers, voice teachers, orchestra directors, theatre producers, actors, prime ministers, counts, princesses, Grand Dukes, and panic-stricken fans of the deceased diva. A jealous and bitter soprano named Ildebranda desperately tries to penetrate the secret behind Edmea Tetua’s unforgettable voice. A bristle-haired Russian basso is shown around the ship’s vast mess hall where, using only his voice, he hypnotizes a chicken. A curly-cued actor travels with his mother in order to seduce sailors. Sir Reginald Dongby, a voyeuristic English aristocrat, relishes spying on Lady Violet, his nymphomaniac wife. The Grand Duke of Harzock, a Prussian, is an obese bubble of a young man whose blind sister  schemes with her lover, the prime minister, to disinherit her brother. The brooding Count of Bassano closets himself in his cabin transformed into a temple dedicated to the diva’s memory. An awful stench rises from the ship’s hold and soon it’s revealed that a love-sick rhinoceros has been neglected by the ship’s crew. The beast is pulled up, washed on deck, and returned to the hold with fresh water and hay. On the third day of the voyage, the passengers discover a crowd of shipwrecked Serbians camped on the deck of the ship. Fleeing in rafts towards Italy after the assassination at Sarajevo, the refugees were brought on board the previous night by the captain. The Grand Duke and his men, however, are convinced the Serbians are terrorists and order the captain to isolate the group to a corner of the ship. The upshot is Fellini’s barely disguised take on the Marx Brothers\'s A Night at the Opera in a heady mix of cultures, both ethnic and artistic, where aristocrats and snobs joyfully share the stage  with peasants and vibrant Serbian folklore. But the revels end when the menacing flagship of the Austro-Hungarian fleet sails into view, demanding the return of the Serbian refugees. The captain agrees on condition that Edmea Tetua’s ashes be dispersed at Erimo beforehand. After the ceremony, the refugees are loaded into a lifeboat for delivery to the Austrians but a young Serbian hurls a bomb at the flagship, causing pandemonium. The Austrians respond by cannon-fire. The Gloria N. sinks while Albertini wields his baton, aristocrats march to the lifeboats, a grand piano slides across the floor smashing mirrors, and butterflies twitter serenely above the melee of suitcases in flooded corridors. In a reverse tracking shot, Fellini reveals the stupendous behind-the-scenes of his floating opera of a movie - giant hydraulic jacks  that created the ship’s rolling sea movements, along with acres of plastic ocean, an army of technicians burning naphthalene for the smoke of disaster effect, and, finally, an enigmatic figure that may be Orlando or Fellini intentionally hiding behind his own camera filming the main camera filming himself. The main camera then tracks forward to a final shot of Orlando in a lifeboat with the rhinoceros happily munching on hay. “Did you know,” confides Orlando, “that a rhinoceros gives very good milk?” Laughing, he once again mans the oars to disappear on a vast plastic ocean.'] ['The film revolves around the personal life of main character Shawn Anderson  and his two life pursuits, the Mesa Frozen Entree Enthusiast\'s Club and his band The Christers. The Club is an eclectic group of people who collect frozen entrees. The film follows the group planning their first Frozen Entree Enthusiasts Convention and the power struggles between Shawn and wealthy group member Vince, who is also a corporate trainer who models his training seminars after Viet Cong prison camps. The Christers are Shawn\'s rock band. Formerly named The Reach Arounds, they have turned from hardcore punk rock to Christian rock believing it will be easier to sign a record deal. The story documents the interplay among Anderson and supporting characters. Shelly Toue is an "Intercourse Prevention Hotline" councilor who is obsessed with Shawn, but who has attracted the affection of Christers member Al McTavish who works at a hair salon for children named Klown Kutz that requires him to dress up as a clown and go by the title "Smilist". The Christers are managed by Milo Bender  who also manages a pro-life cafe named the No Choice Cafe that he opened next door to an abortion clinic.{{cite news}}'] ['Simón, the son of Simeon Stylites, has lived for 6 years, 6 weeks and 6 days atop an eight-meter pillar in the middle of the desert, praying for spiritual purification. A congregation of priests and peasants salute him and offer him a brand new pillar to stand on and carry on his mission. He comes down the pillar and is offered priesthood, but refuses because he considers himself unworthy, and forsakes his aging mother for the love of God before climbing up his new pillar. He heals an amputee missing both hands, whose first use of them is to slap his child. But the congregation quickly departs unimpressed, leaving Simón alone. Time goes by and Simón meets a number of regular characters – a handsome priest whom he condemns on grounds of vanity, a dwarf herder and his mother, who comes to live close to him but remains neglected of attention. A woman , Satan, visits him three times: first as an innocent girl chanting curses in Latin, second disguised as Jesus Christ. She constantly tries to make Simón give up his task and climb down the pillar, but he refuses every time. She even possesses one of the priests that visit him, who is consequently exorcised by the priests. The third time, a coffin trails across the desert and finally stops next to the pillar. It opens up to reveal Satan, clad in a toga, who at last climbs up the pillar and vanishes with Simón for good. In an anachronistic turn, the couple find themselves sitting inside a crowded, jumping 1960s nightclub with a live instrumental rock band on stage. Satan tells Simón that the song the 1960s hipsters are dancing to is called "Radioactive Flesh." Simón protests about wanting to go home, but Satan says he cannot.'] ['Archie Andrews is a vegan kindergarten teacher who buys products from Lorraine\'s vegetarian road side stand. He is developing an engine that runs on wheatgrass with no results until he accidentally cuts his finger and the blood falls in the wheatgrass, which filters to the engine and then causes it to run. Andrews then tests his car out and offers a ride to Denise, who runs a meat stand and is a rival to Lorraine. After Denise expresses an interest in Archie , he drives her home, but runs out of fuel. Archie turns to hunting animals, but they do not provide sufficient blood. He turns to larger prey such as predatory people, and eventually, settles for any victim after rebuilding a more efficient blood engine. The government, which has been tracking Archie\'s progress, eventually offers him any position he wants, provided he can create more "Blood Cars" after the original is destroyed, and his existence is erased. Archie is concerned where the fuel for the new cars will come from, and the federal agents promise him it will come from invalids, convicted criminals, and the homeless. Archie agrees. Images of Archie\'s rise as President are cut with the government agents murdering Lorraine, Denise, his kindergarten students, and anyone that saw him developing the Blood Car.'] ['CBS cameraman Harry Hinkle  gets injured when football player Luther "Boom Boom" Jackson  runs into him while he is covering a Browns game at Cleveland Stadium. Hinkle\'s injuries are minor, but his conniving lawyer brother-in-law "Whiplash Willie" Gingrich  convinces him to pretend that his legs have been paralyzed. This way, they can receive a huge indemnity from the insurance company.A large amount for its time, the settlement is one million dollars. Hinkle reluctantly goes along with the scheme because he\'s still in love with his ex-wife, Sandy, and it might win her back. The insurance company suspects that the paralysis is a fake one, and so a cat-and-mouse game begins between its investigator, Chester Purkey, and the shyster Gingrich. Jackson takes very good care of Hinkle, who begins having second thoughts as he witnesses guilt taking its toll on Jackson. As he also sees that Sandy is back by his side strictly out of greed, Hinkle decides to reveal the truth, thereby ruining Gingrich\'s get-rich plans.'] ['{{Anchor}} Rudy Russo  is a young and cunning used car salesman with aspirations of running for senate. He works at the struggling New Deal used car lot owned by the elderly Luke Fuchs , who agrees to help invest $10,000 in Rudy\'s campaign if he promises to keep the business alive. Meanwhile, across the street, Luke\'s younger brother Roy L. Fuchs  is desperate to keep his used car lot from being demolished and replaced by a proposed freeway exit. Wanting to collect life insurance money and New Deal from Luke, Roy hires his mechanic, ex-demolition derby driver Mickey , to recklessly drive Luke\'s 1957 Chevrolet Bel Air around the block with Luke in the passenger\'s seat. After the Bel Air crashes back into the lot, Luke dies of a heart attack, but leaves Rudy with evidence that Roy staged the "accident". In an attempt to prevent Roy from gaining any inheritance, Rudy has his superstitious co-worker Jeff  and mechanic Jim  help him bury Luke in the lot\'s backyard in an Edsel that was once New Deal\'s sign ornament. They explain to Roy that Luke went on a vacation to Miami. The next night, Rudy and his friends make an illegal live broadcast of their commercial in the middle of a football game, but it goes awry when Jeff finds out the car on display is red  and female model Margaret  has her dress stuck on the hood ornament - which rips and exposes her when the hood is popped open. The commercial results in New Deal receiving a massive number of customers the next day. In one deal, Jeff cons a family into buying a station wagon by having the lot\'s mascot dog Toby fake being run over during a test drive. While Roy lures customers in his lot by hiring a circus animal service, Rudy counters with a live stripper show. Luke\'s daughter Barbara Jane  visits the lot in hopes of reuniting with him after over 10 years, but Rudy conceals the truth about her father by taking her out on a date, which inadvertently convinces her to stay in town for a while. Rudy\'s gang broadcasts a commercial in the middle of Jimmy Carter\'s next presidential address, destroying some of Roy\'s used cars in the process. In retaliation, Roy storms into New Deal and attacks Jeff before discovering Luke\'s resting place. Roy brings the police to New Deal to dig through the backyard the next day, but Jim had taken the Edsel out of the pit, and he rigs it to crash on a power transformer - making everyone believe Luke was killed in the fiery accident. Roy believes he now has possession of New Deal, but Rudy points out that Barbara is effectively the new owner. Barbara, however, discovers the fiasco over her father\'s death and fires Rudy. As a final means of shutting down New Deal, Roy has his connections in a local TV station alter Barbara\'s commercial to imply that she has a mile of cars. Meanwhile, Rudy\'s luck changes when he wins a bet on a football game, guaranteeing him enough money for his campaign. But once he discovers that Barbara has been sent to court for false advertising, Rudy rushes in to convince the court she has a mile of cars. However, in order to avoid a charge of perjury, she must prove it in front of Judge H. H. Harrison ([[Al Lewis  by having over 250 cars by 2:45 p.m. Rudy spends his senate investment on buying 250 cars from Mexican dealer Manuel  and having 250 student drivers deliver them to New Deal in less than two hours. After overcoming Roy\'s attempt at disrupting the convoy and Jeff\'s superstition of driving a red car, the drivers arrive in time, with the total measurements long enough to equal a mile; thus saving the used car lot. Rudy and Barbara are then informed by Roy\'s former attorney Sam Slaton  that once the freeway ramp across the street is constructed New Deal will become the largest dealership in town.'] ['Walter Kranz , a former revolutionary poet is lost for new ideas and penniless. Fortunately he can obtain a cheque from nymphomaniac Irmgart von Witzleben  who wants to be threatened by a gun. Walter fires and disappears. Some more obscure things happen but in the end everybody is back on stage.'] ['In the American Old West of 1874, construction on a new railroad led by Lyle  runs into quicksand. The route has to be changed, which will require it to go through Rock Ridge, a frontier town where everyone has the last name of "Johnson" . The conniving State Attorney General Hedley Lamarr  wants to buy the land along the new railroad route cheaply by driving out the townspeople. He sends a gang of thugs, led by his flunky assistant Taggart , to scare them away, prompting the townsfolk to demand that Governor William J. Le Petomane  appoint a new sheriff. The Attorney General persuades the dim-witted Le Petomane to select Bart , a black railroad worker who was about to be hanged.  Lamarr believes a black lawman will so offend the townspeople that they will either abandon Rock Ridge or lynch the new sheriff, with either result paving the way for him to take over the town. With his quick wits and the assistance of drunken gunslinger Jim , also known as "The Waco Kid" ,<ref namehttp://www.garnersclassics.com/qblazing.htm |titleGarnersclassics.com |date2012-11-01}} Bart works to overcome the townsfolk\'s hostile reception. He defeats and befriends Mongo , an immensely strong, slow-thinking  henchman sent by Taggart and Lyle to kill Bart, and then beats German seductress-for-hire Lili von Shtupp  at her own game. Lamarr is furious that his plans keep failing and decides to destroy Rock Ridge with a newly recruited and diverse army of thugs . Bart now has 24 hours to come up with a "brilliant plan to save our town". He gathers the town, along with the railroad workers, 3 miles east of Rock Ridge to build a fake town as a diversion. The workers labor all night to complete their task. The sun rises on a fake town that\'s a perfect replica, down to the orange roof on Howard Johnson\'s outhouse. Bart realizes the town has no people in it, so it won\'t fool Lamarr\'s villains. Bart orders the townspeople to make "exact replicas of themselves," and leaves with Jim and Mongo to execute a plan that will slow the villains "to a crawl". The three construct a tollbooth labeled "Le Petomane Thruway", requiring Taggart\'s crew to pay 10¢ each to pass on their horses.  Since no one in the raiding party carries either any change or the realization that nothing\'s stopping them from simply riding around the tollbooth, Taggarts sends someone back to town to "get a shitload of dimes". Once through the tollbooth, Lamarr\'s villains attack the fake town, which Bart boobytrapped with several dynamite bombs. Bart attempts to set off the bombs but is unsuccessful as the detonator he has won\'t work. Jim is given the task of exploding the bombs; he fires pistol shots into them. After the bombs explode, launching villains skyward, the Rock Ridgers attack the villains. The resulting fight between the townsfolk and Lamarr\'s army of thugs breaks the fourth wall, literally: The fight spills out from the Warner Bros. film lot into a neighboring musical set being directed by Buddy Bizarre , then into the studio commissary, where a pie fight ensues. Taggart is knocked out when Mongo smashes his head on a cash register, and the fight finally pours out into the surrounding streets . The citizens of Rock Ridge chase the villains back to town to destroy them, but Lamarr runs to the theater while Bart and Jim follow him. The film ends with Bart killing Lamarr by shooting him in the groin at the "premiere" of Blazing Saddles outside Grauman\'s Chinese Theatre, saving the town, and joining Jim inside the theatre to view the end of the movie, persuading people of all colors and creeds to live in harmony, before they hand in their horses and ride off  into the sunset.'] ['At the estate of King Herman the 6⅞ , the deposed king of Moronica, war profiteers Ixnay , Amscray  and Umpchay   have decided that they have had enough of Moe Hailstone, the fascist dictator they put in power, and want to help Herman retake the throne. To this end, he sends his daughter, the princess Gilda  to try and assassinate Hailstone using an explosive pool ball strategically positioned in Hailstone\'s billiard table. The fictitious country of Moronica  seems to be familiar with a pool game in which the 13 ball is placed at the head of the rack during set up. Dictator Moe Hailstone of Moronica enjoys a shave, and fights Field Marshal Herring  and Minister of Propaganda  for a turkey . The winner of that battle is a picture of Napoleon who grabs the bird from the bewildered Stooges. Gilda enters, and shows the Stooges a glimpse through a telescope of all three of them on a spit roasting in Hell and starts to place in Hailstone\'s mind the idea that his allies, the "Axel" partners, are plotting against him. After doing this she replaces the 13 ball on Hailstone\'s pool table with an exploding No. 13 ball and flees as Hailstone begins a pool game with his partners. Throughout the game, the cue ball inexplicably defies the laws of physics, avoiding the exploding ball by swerving around it and finally jumping over it, colliding with Herring\'s head. Later, the Axel partners arrive for a meeting. The partners consist of Chiselini , the Bey of Rum ; an unnamed Japanese delegate ; and an unnamed Russian delegate . As the meeting breaks into chaos following Hailstone\'s declaration that the world belongs to him, the Stooges go into action on the other delegates and each other. Finally, with all the other Axels delegates defeated, Hailstone orders Herring to surrender the globe they had fought over. Herring refuses and smashes it over Hailstone\'s head, sending him into a tantrum. Herring, finally having enough of Hailstone\'s patronizing antics, yells at Hailstone as he grabs the exploding ball and throws it against the floor in frustration, blowing up the meeting room. Herman regains his throne and the trio\'s heads are shown mounted on a wall.'] ['William Blood  is a man who appears to be immune to all known diseases, and possesses extraordinary resistance to heat and cold - a fact he puts down to his carefree, single life, never being worried by anything. He makes a living working for medical researchers who are trying to find cures for various diseases & conditions . He is offered a job to become the passenger of a high altitude test flight by Dr Davidson , but the real job is to become the first man to land on the Moon. The truth is kept from him because of the danger involved. Blood undertakes training with three other potential astronauts (Including [[Charles Gray , all of which are more qualified for the job but do not possess his extraordinary resistances. Blood never really fits in with the others and, when a £100,000 reward is posted for the first man to land on the Moon, they seek to sabotage his chances and have one of their number selected instead. When Blood meets and falls in love with an attractive stripper named Polly , he begins to lose his immunity.{{cite news}}'] ["The movie is set in Socialist ruled Yugoslavia during 1950s. Zoran is a slightly overweight 10-year-old living in an overcrowded home that his parents share with his grandmother, and aunt and uncle. In the communist era of Yugoslavia, many homes were taken away from their owners in the Land Reform programs. Zoran's family is opposed to Tito's rule, while little Zoran sees Tito as his personal hero. He's learned in school that Tito is greatest man ever, and, for a child, this propaganda was very believable. Zoran will, during a field trip learn more about his hero."] ['After a weekend of emotional honesty at an Esalen-style retreat, Los Angeles sophisticates Bob and Carol Sanders  return to their life determined to embrace free love and complete openness. Bob and Carol happily reveal their ensuing love affairs to everyone, sparking both the curiosity and repulsion of their more conservative close friends Ted and Alice Henderson . When the two couples travel together to Las Vegas, Ted admits to an affair of his own. An outraged Alice demands that this new ethos be taken to its obvious conclusion: a mate-sharing foursome. But when they are actually ready to begin the deed, something within all four of them prevents it; the film never explains what that something is or may be. In the last scene of the movie, they are in the elevator coming down from their “trip”. They are shell shocked. All of them have woken up  to their collective morning after. The music swells “...what the world needs now is love sweet love..."'] ['The film centers on the family life of Bill Gluckman, a wealthy Jewish senator from Malibu, California who is running for the office of Governor of California. His son Brad is a wannabe "Eminem", preferring to go by the nickname "B-Rad" despite leading a rich, sheltered life. As a result, members of Mr. Gluckman\'s political campaign become concerned that Brad\'s idiotic, outlandish behavior will ruin his father\'s chances at being elected. The campaign team members hire two actors, who don\'t know any more about inner-city life than B-Rad, to act as gang members, kidnap him, and take him to South Central Los Angeles where they hope Brad will be "scared white" after witnessing what inner city life is really like. Unfortunately for everyone involved, the plan backfires after Brad attempts to associate himself with members of the gang community and subsequently gets himself and the actors, Sean and PJ, hired to guide him into trouble.'] ['Atouk  is a bullied and scrawny caveman living in "One Zillion BC &ndash; October 9th"Apparently in memory of John Lennon who was killed 5 months before the film\'s release, was Ringo Starr\'s friend and bandmate with The Beatles, and whose birthday was October 9. He lusts after the beautiful but shallow Lana , who is the mate of Tonda , their tribe\'s physically imposing bullying leader. After being banished along with his friend Lar , Atouk falls in with a band of assorted misfits, among them the comely Tala  and the elderly blind man Gog . The group has ongoing encounters with hungry dinosaurs, and rescues Lar from a "nearby ice age", where they encounter an abominable snowman. In the course of these adventures they discover sedative drugs, fire, cooking, music, and learn how to walk fully upright. Atouk uses these advancements to lead an attack on Tonda, overthrowing him and becoming the tribe\'s new leader. He discards Lana and takes Tala as his mate, and they live happily ever after.'] ['Putney Swope, the only black man on the executive board of an advertising firm, is accidentally put in charge after the unexpected death of the chairman of the board: each board member actually believed that he, himself, should be elected Chairman, but the bylaws of the corporation prohibit voting for oneself, so each individual member voted his secret ballot for the person that no one else would vote for: Putney Swope. Renaming the business "Truth and Soul, Inc.", Swope replaces all but one of the white employees and insists they no longer accept business from companies that produce alcohol, war toys, or tobacco. The success of the business draws unwanted attention from the United States Government, which considers it "a threat to the national security."'] ['Henry Holland  is a timid London bank clerk who has been in charge of gold bullion deliveries for over 20 years. He has a reputation for fussing over details and panicking about suspect cars following the bullion van, and appears to be a man dedicated to his job and the gold\'s security. But, in fact, he has hatched the "perfect" plot to steal a load of bullion and retire. The one thing that has prevented this plan from being put into operation is that selling the gold on the black market in Britain would be too risky, and Holland is at a loss as to how to smuggle it abroad. One evening a new lodger &mdash; artist Alfred Pendlebury  &mdash; arrives at the boarding house where Holland lives in Lavender Hill. Pendlebury owns a foundry that makes presents and souvenirs that are sold in many resorts, including foreign ones. Noticing how similar the foundry is to the place where the gold is made into ingots, Holland decides that the ideal way of smuggling the gold out of the country would be as Eiffel Tower paperweights sold in Paris, and puts this hypothetically to his new friend: "By Jove, Holland, it\'s a good job we\'re both honest men." "It is indeed, Pendlebury." When Holland suddenly finds that he is about to be transferred to another department at the bank, he and Pendlebury quickly move into action. They recruit two petty crooks, Lackery Wood  and Shorty Fisher , to help them carry out the robbery. The plan is simple but clever, and it succeeds: Wood and Fisher carry out the hijack of the bullion van and switch the gold to Pendlebury\'s works van. Holland, who is supposedly assaulted and almost drowned in the robbery, becomes the hero of the hour. The police find themselves running around in circles, unable to track down the "master criminal" who is in fact right under their noses giving them false statements and misleading clues. Meanwhile, Holland and his associates melt the gold in Pendlebury\'s foundry and export it to France disguised as miniature Eiffel Towers. The plan goes wrong when the woman who runs the Eiffel Tower souvenir kiosk misunderstands what she is supposed to do, and instead of holding back the specially-marked box of Eiffel Towers, opens it and puts the souvenirs out for sale. Pendlebury and Holland, who have adopted the names of "Al" and "Dutch", arrive to retrieve their disguised bullion only to find that six of the towers have been sold to a party of British schoolgirls. A wild chase back to the Channel ferry follows but all sorts of hold-ups, including problems with the customs men, prevent them from getting to the ship and the girls in time. If just one of those towers is found to be gold then the game is up. Pendlebury and Holland therefore track down the schoolgirls and, in exchange for a similar tower and ten shillings, recover most of the loot. One girl however refuses to return hers since she intends to give it to a friend who is a policeman. The girl delivers the souvenir to the officer, who is at an exhibition of police history and methods at Hendon Police College. Also attending is a police inspector who is investigating the robbery. As part of the case he checked up on Pendlebury\'s foundry and was told that many souvenirs bought in foreign places are actually made in England. A sudden thought occurs to him and he orders the souvenir to be tested. At that moment Pendlebury snatches it and he and Holland make their escape in a police car. A confused pursuit then takes place through London, with Holland using the radio in the police car to give false descriptions of the vehicle in which the crooks are riding. Eventually, though, an officer succeeds in getting into their car and arresting Pendlebury. Holland escapes to Rio de Janeiro with the six gold towers, worth "twenty-five thousand pounds, enough to keep me for one year in the style to which I was, ah, unaccustomed." After the money is mostly gone, he is telling his story to a British visitor before they both leave the restaurant, handcuffed to one another; Holland has been found and arrested and is due for extradition back to the UK.'] ['Christine Painter  is a sexually naive waitress and single-mother who pays for her teenage son\'s tuition by renting flats to local tarts. She later becomes a call girl herself - joining her friend Shirley  and their "maid" Dolly  - and specializes in fetish/kink roleplay with older gentlemen. With her new family of friends and admirers, she becomes a huge sensation leading to wealth and infamy in the tabloids. The brothel business also brings out Christine\'s self-confidence, and leads to repairing a previously strained relationship with her father.'] ['Angela de Marco  is the wife of mafia up-and-comer Frank "The Cucumber" de Marco , who gets violently dispatched by Mob boss Tony "The Tiger" Russo  when he is discovered in a compromising situation with the latter\'s mistress Karen . Angela wants to escape the mafia scene with her son, but is harassed by Tony who puts the moves on her at Frank\'s funeral. This clinch earns her the suspicion of FBI agents Mike Downey  and Ed Benitez , and also of Tony\'s ball-busting wife Connie , who repeatedly confronts Angela with accusations of stealing her husband. To further complicate things, Mike Downey is assigned to monitor all of Angela\'s movements as part of an undercover surveillance operation, but cannot resist becoming romantically involved with Angela himself. Angela\'s attempts to break away from the Mob result in comic mayhem and a climactic showdown in a honeymoon suite in Miami.'] ['Interviewed by a Japanese TV crew for a news report on his latest film, Fellini takes the viewer behind the scenes at Cinecittà. A nighttime set is prepared for a sequence that Fellini defines as “the prisoner’s dream” in which his hands grope for a way out of a dark tunnel. With advancing age and weight, Fellini is finding it difficult to escape by simply flying away but when he does, he contemplates Cinecittà from a great height. The next morning, Fellini accompanies the Japanese TV crew on a brief tour of the studios. As they walk past absurd TV commercials in production, Fellini’s casting director presents him with four young actors she’s found to interpret Karl Rossmann, the leading role in the maestro\'s film version of Kafka’s Amerika. Fellini introduces the Japanese to the female custodian of Cinecittà  but she succeeds in putting off the interview by disappearing into the deserted backlot of Studio 5 to gather dandelions to make herbal tea. Meanwhile, Fellini’s assistant director  is on location with other crew members at the Casa del Passeggero, a once cheap hotel now converted into a drugstore. Fellini wants to include it in his film about the first time he visited Cinecittà as a journalist in 1938 during the Fascist era.Interviewed by Alain Finkielkraut for the Messager européen, Fellini explained that the “first time I visited Cinecittà, I was 18 years old, a journalist from Rimini who considered Cinecittà as something legendary.” In Fellini, Intervista, 228. Past and present intermingle as Fellini interacts with his younger self played by aspiring actor, Sergio Rubini. After the crew reconstruct the facade of the Casa del Passeggero elsewhere in Rome, a fake tramway takes young Fellini/Rubini from America’s Far West with Indian warriors on a clifftop to a herd of wild elephants off the coast of Ethiopia. Arriving at Cinecittà, he sets off to interview matinee idol, Greta Gonda."I came to interview an actress named Greta Gonda and it was the first interview I conducted, the first time I went to Cinecittà, and the first encounter with an actress I liked very much.” Fellini, Intervista, 228 Seamlessly, the illusion takes over the realities of moviemaking as the viewer is thrown into two feature films being directed by tyrannical directors. But only for a short while; for the rest of the film, Fellini and his assistant director  scramble to recruit the right cast and build the sets for the film version of Amerika, a fictitious adaptation that Fellini uses as a pretext to shoot his film-in-progress. This allows Fellini/Rubini to go back and forth in time to experience filmmaking first-hand including disgruntled actors who failed their auditions, Marcello Mastroianni in a TV commercial as Mandrake the Magician, a bomb threat, a visit to Anita Ekberg’s house where she and Mastroianni re-live their La Dolce Vita scenes, screen tests of Kafka’s Brunelda caressed in a bathtub by two young men, and an inconvenient thunderstorm that heralds the production collapse of Amerika with an attack by bogus Indians on horseback wielding television antennae as spears. Back inside Studio 5 at Cinecittà, Intervista concludes with Fellini’s voiceover, “So the movie should end here. Actually, it’s finished.” In response to producers unhappy with his gloomy endings, the Maestro ironically offers them a ray of sunshine by lighting an arc lamp.'] ['The film follows a group of intergalactic homosexual black men from the planet Anus, who discover the presence of female creatures on planet Earth. Using rayguns, they proceed to eliminate females one by one from Earth, eliciting gratitude from the previously oppressed male population. Before leaving the planet, they leave behind a "Gay Ambassador" to educate the Earthlings about their new way of life.'] ['Charismatic roving peddler Hank Martin  falls in love at first sight with schoolteacher Verity Wade  and soon marries her. On their wedding day, he rents a ramshackle home from his upper class lawyer friend Jules Bolduc . Hank rounds up some of his many friends to fix up the place, but Verity begins to realize that he is not as nice as he appears to be; while they do the work, he sees nothing wrong in going inside to read a law book. He confides to her that it is all a matter of manipulating people the right way. Jules invites the couple to dine with him that night, but Hank soon quarrels with another guest, Robert L. Castlebury IV . He accuses Castlebury, the owner of the company that buys cotton, of shortchanging the poor farmers. When Hank goes about his business, Verity accompanies him to the bayou. A young woman named Flamingo  leaps into his arms, but when she learns that he is now married, she tries to arrange for an alligator to rid her of her rival. Verity is only injured. However, Flamingo does not give up on the man she has loved since she was a teen. After Hank sends Verity home to recover, Flamingo tracks Hank down on the road. She overcomes his resistance, and they start an affair. Hank sets out to prove that Castlebury is cheating. When Hank proves that the weights used are seriously inaccurate, one of Castlebury\'s men aims a rifle at one of Hank\'s followers, and is killed by farmer Jeb Brown . To avoid inflammatory publicity, Castlebury sees to it that Brown\'s murder trial is repeatedly postponed. Shadowy power broker Guy Polli  offers to use his influence to get the case heard in return for Hank\'s "thanks". When Castlebury manager Samuel T. Beach  shoots and mortally wounds the prisoner, Hank persuades the dying man to go to court anyway. Even though Brown expires, Hank has enough time to persuade the jury to declare him innocent posthumously before the judge can adjourn, and to tell the true story to the gathered press. The resulting publicity forces Castlebury to sell his company to Polli , and enables Hank to run for governor. However, a major rainstorm the day before the election prevents many of Hank\'s rural supporters from voting. In desperation, he goes to see Polli. Polli offers the votes of certain city precincts he controls, but in return, he insists that Hank sign an affidavit stating that Beach was with him at the time Brown was shot; the company Polli has bought would be destroyed if Beach were convicted. Hank reluctantly agrees. Each candidate wins the same number of counties, but the state assembly that will break the tie is controlled by the incumbent. Rather than try again in four years, Hank urges his supporters to march on the capital as an armed mob. Just as they are starting out, Jules shows up, stating he has proof that Beach is Brown\'s murderer, and that Hank knowingly signed the false affidavit to get Polli\'s support. When Verity confirms Hank was actually with her at the time of the killing, Brown\'s widow shoots Hank. As Hank is dying, he tells his wife that his supporters were smarter than he thought.'] ['Nicholas Angel , an extremely dedicated police officer in a London Police service, performs his duties so well that he is accused of making his colleagues look bad. As a result, his superiors transfer him to "crime-free" Sandford, a town in rural Gloucestershire. Once in Sandford, he immediately arrests a large group of under-age drinkers, and a drunk driver who turns out to be his partner, PC Danny Butterman , the son of local police inspector Frank Butterman . Danny, well-meaning but naive, is in awe of his new partner. Angel struggles to adjust to the slow, uneventful pace of the village. Despite clearing up several otherwise unnoticed crimes, including confiscating a naval mine and a number of unlicensed firearms, Angel soon finds his most pressing concern is an escaped swan. His attention to the letter of the law makes him the target of dislike and mockery by his co-workers. Angel and Butterman eventually bond over drinks at the local pub and action films such as Point Break and Bad Boys II. A series of gruesome deaths shock the town; Angel investigates, believing them to be murders. He attempts to arrest Simon Skinner , the manager of the local Somerfield supermarket, and member of Sandford\'s Neighbourhood Watch Alliance , under suspicion of murdering the victims due to their involvement in a lucrative property deal. Skinner is able to provide plausible explanations for all of Angel\'s charges, and a solid alibi. Disappointed and concerned that he has become paranoid, Angel returns to his routine policing with Danny. However, he overhears a shopkeeper inquire about the \'killers\'. He realizes that he was wrong in suspecting the murders to be the actions of one person. He takes his multiple-killer theory to Inspector Butterman, who asks him to sleep on it. When Angel returns to his hotel room he is attacked by a cloaked figure. He knocks the attacker unconscious, discovering it\'s Michael Armstrong , the trolley boy at Somerfield, sent by Skinner to kill Angel. Tipped off by Skinner on Michael\'s walkie-talkie, Angel heads to the nearby castle where he discovers the truth: Inspector Butterman and the NWA are obsessed with keeping Sandford\'s "Village of the Year" title, murdering anyone who they see as a threat to the village\'s image . The late Mrs Butterman had put everything into helping Sandford win the first "Village of the Year", but travellers ruined the park the night before the judges arrived, which drove her to committing suicide. While fleeing the mob, Angel discovers the bodies of various "problem" people whom the NWA had disposed of, but then Danny corners and stabs him. Having tricked the NWA into believing that Angel is dead , Danny drives him to the village limits and releases him, insisting that he knew nothing about their true activities. Danny urges Angel to go back to London, reasoning that no one would believe the truth about Sandford. At a motorway service station, Angel sees Point Break and Bad Boys II on a nearby DVD rack and is inspired to stop the NWA. He drives back to town and arms himself with the guns he confiscated earlier, and with Danny\'s help engages the NWA in an increasingly destructive series of gun fights, taking down most of them non-fatally. After persuading their colleagues of the truth, Angel and Danny take the battle to Somerfield: Skinner and Inspector Butterman flee, and are pursued by Angel and Danny  to the nearby model village. Angel fights Skinner one-on-one, until Skinner slips and impales his mouth on the spire of the miniature cathedral. Inspector Butterman attempts to escape in Angel\'s car, but crashes into a tree when the swan attacks him from the back seat. Angel\'s former superiors arrive from London, begging him to return as the crime rate has risen without him, but Angel chooses to remain in Sandford. Back at the police station, Tom Weaver , the last remaining member of the NWA, attempts to shoot Angel with an antique blunderbuss, but Danny dives in front of Angel and takes the shot. As Weaver tries to reload, Angel jumps and kicks him in the chest, causing him to fall onto the confiscated naval mine, triggering it and destroying the station. Angel tears through the rubble, distraught as he uncovers an unresponsive Danny. One year later, Inspector Angel lays flowers on a grave marked "Butterman"; it is revealed that Danny has survived and the grave is his mother\'s. Danny is now a sergeant and Angel the head of the Sandford Police Service, and the two head off to patrol Sandford.'] ['Life is a constant struggle for Malini, a poor young woman with an ailing father. She reluctantly accepts stage actor-friend Sundari’s suggestion to go on stage, and joins her theatre group, Kala Mandhiram. Success smiles on her and she soon becomes an idol of the masses. Sampath, a suave swindler, befriends Malini and takes control of her life. He persuades her to start her own theatre company. A puppet in his hands, Malini severs ties with those who have helped her in the past such as Sundari. Soon she is in debt and back at the bottom of the ladder. Sampath abandons her. Sundari and others come to her rescue and Malini goes back to Kala Mandhiram and begins her life anew, sadder but certainly wiser.'] ['Stanley Ford  is a successful, happily unmarried cartoonist enjoying the comforts of a well-to-do existence in an urban townhouse, including the services of his loyal and attentive valet, Charles Firbank . Stanley\'s comic strip, Bash Brannigan, is a secret-agent thriller characterized by a high level of realism: no matter how outrageous the plot may seem, Stanley will not allow Brannigan to do anything physically impossible or use gadgets that don\'t exist. He hires actors and sets up elaborate enactments of storylines, playing Brannigan himself, while Charles takes photographs Stanley will use as models. While attending a bachelor party for his friend Tobey Rawlins , Stanley becomes very drunk and proposes to a beautiful Italian girl  who steps out of a large cake wearing a bikini. An equally drunken judge  performs an impromptu wedding ceremony. The next morning, Stanley wakes up with the girl, now his wife, lying naked in bed next to him. He asks his lawyer Harold Lampson  to arrange a divorce, but Lampson informs him that this is impossible without legal justification. Stanley\'s new bride is cheerful, affectionate, and sexy, but she does not speak English. To learn the language, she spends time with Harold\'s manipulative, henpecking wife Edna , who speaks Italian. Unfortunately, in the process, she also learns Edna\'s overbearing ways. Meanwhile, Charles, who has a policy of not working for married couples, takes a new job with Rawlins, who was jilted by his bride. With Charles replaced by Mrs. Ford, Stanley\'s bathroom fills with beauty products and lingerie, and Stanley is kept awake by the television, which his wife watches to learn English. To make matters worse, her high-calorie Italian cuisine causes his weight to balloon, and she informs him that her mother will come from Rome to live with them. Adjusting to his new marital status, Stanley changes his Bash Brannigan cartoon from the exploits of a secret agent to a household comedy, The Brannigans, again drawing from his real life. The strip turns Bash into a bumbling idiot and is wildly successful. However, Mrs. Ford continues to intrude on Stanley\'s lifestyle. Increasingly irritated by the restrictions of married life, Stanley calls a meeting of his associates at his all-male health club. When Edna learns of the meeting, she telephones Mrs. Ford and arouses her suspicions about Stanley\'s activities. Mrs. Ford then sneaks into the club, with the result that Stanley is banned from the club for violating its "no women" policy. Feeling a need to vent his frustrations, Stanley concocts a plot in his comic strip to kill Brannigan\'s wife by drugging her with "goofballs" and burying her in "the goop from the gloppitta-gloppitta machine" at a construction site next to their home. As always, he enacts the events before drawing the strip, but after drugging his wife, he uses a department-store mannequin for the burial. Mrs. Ford sees the cartoon describing Stanley\'s murder plan, realizes that her husband does not want her, and leaves without a trace. After reading the cartoon in the newspapers, the police conclude that Stanley actually murdered his wife. Stanley is arrested and charged with murder, and his cartoons are used as prosecution evidence at the subsequent trial. When the trial appears to be headed for a conviction, Stanley takes up his own defense and pleads justifiable homicide, appealing to the all-male jury\'s frustrations regarding their own wives, and is acquitted. Stanley finds his wife in bed when he goes home. He has come to appreciate her, and, after he puts her wedding ring back on her finger, they are reconciled. Meanwhile, Charles meets Mrs. Ford\'s attractive mother who, like Charles, has a space between her front teeth. The film ends as Charles closes the door to her room in front of the camera so they can share an amorous moment alone.  The comic strip art in the film was credited to Mel Keefer, who drew strips such as Perry Mason, Mac Divot, and Rick O\'Shay. Alex Toth did a teaser comic in Keefer\'s style that ran in the Hollywood Reporter and several newspapers for ten days to promote the film.'] ['After escaping from jail where they had "one more week to serve," Laurel and Hardy travel to Scotland as stowaways on a cattle boat, where Laurel . After a series of mishaps, Laurel and Hardy join a Scottish regiment of the British army and travel to India, where they frequently run afoul of their Sergeant Major , and help their friend Alan  reunite with his love  Lorna McLaurel .'] ['{{plot}} Left-wing activist and filmmaker Michael Malone , a parody of Michael Moore, is campaigning to end the celebration of the Fourth of July. Malone holds pronounced anti-American views and truculently argues that America\'s past and present are both offensive, and therefore should not be celebrated. Josh Malone, Michael\'s nephew, is an officer in the United States Navy and is about to deploy to the Persian Gulf. His uncle, however, regards him with disgust. At an awards ceremony hosted by Paris Hilton, Malone receives the Leni Riefenstahl Award for his documentary Die, You American Pigs. On the evening of July 3, Malone is watching a speech from President John F. Kennedy. However, when Malone mistakenly interprets the President\'s words to mean avoiding war at all costs, the disgruntled long-dead President steps out of a television set, corrects Malone, and tells him that he will be visited by three spirits. In keeping with the "Christmas Carol" format, the next morning, Malone is then visited by General George S. Patton , who tries to make him rethink his view of America. Arguing that sometimes war is necessary for the greater cause, Patton shows him an alternate world where slavery still exists because Abraham Lincoln chose not to fight the Civil War. He then shows the filmmaker how British Prime Minister Chamberlain  appeased Adolf Hitler . Malone is even allowed to attempt to communicate with Hitler, but is blatantly ignored by him. In a second scenario, Patton provides a view of a college classroom where, in a musical number, professors sing about how their views on peace and life have not changed since when they were hippies in 1968. The professors promise good grades to students who agree with their views. Patton sums up the situation as \'"indoctrination rather than education.". However, Michael refuses to even reconsider his anti-American views and a despondent Patton apologizes for his failure before the altar of a Manhattan church to his \'father\'. To Malone\'s shock, he learns that the General was addressing not God, but the ghost of George Washington , who reveals that this is the very church where he prayed for his country every day of his presidency. When Michael comments about the large amount of dust there, Washington opens a door and reveals that it comes from the destruction of the World Trade Center in the September 11 attacks in 2001. Shaken but still unmoved, Malone is visited by the angel of death , who takes him to a future Los Angeles which has been taken over by radical Islamists. Later, he is taken to the ruins of his hometown in Michigan, which has been destroyed by a nuclear bomb planted by Al Qaeda. In a makeshift morgue, Malone learns that he will be killed in this attack, leaving nothing behind but his trademark hat and "big ass." Facing his death, Malone pleads for his life with the Angel, promising to change. Later, Malone arrives at an anti-Fourth of July protest rally and publicly renounces his former views. This triggers an outraged mob from which he is rescued, however, by American servicemen. Safe inside a country music concert, he is formally welcomed to "the real America." Malone then finds himself preventing a terrorist bombing there by three Arab men he had inadvertently given green cards to earlier. And, finally, he runs to the docks in time to see his enlisted nephew, Josh, off to the Persian Gulf. He tells Josh how very proud he is of him and promises to look in on his wife and family during his deployment. As the film concludes, Malone is a changed man who loves his country and realizes how precious freedom is, even while sticking to his liberal views. Taking Patton\'s advice to advocate American values in film, the film ends with Malone starting to film a JFK biopic he intends to be "more accurate" than Oliver Stone\'s movie.'] ['Anita "Needy" Lesnicki , once an insecure teenager, is now a violent mental inmate who starts the story as a flashback while in solitary confinement. Needy and popular cheerleader Jennifer Check  have been best friends since childhood, despite having little in common. One night, Jennifer takes Needy to a local dive bar to attend a concert by indie rock band Low Shoulder. A suspicious fire engulfs the bar, killing several, and Jennifer agrees to leave with the band despite Needy\'s attempts to stop her. Later that evening, Jennifer, covered in blood, appears in Needy\'s kitchen and proceeds to eat food from the refrigerator. Unable to digest the matter, she vomits a trail of black, spiny fluid and then leaves in a hurry as Needy calls after her. The next morning at school, Jennifer appears fine and shrugs off Needy\'s concerns. While the small town is devastated by the deaths caused by the fire, Jennifer seduces the school\'s football captain in the woods and then attacks him; his disemboweled corpse is later found. Meanwhile, the members of Low Shoulder gain popularity due to their rumored heroism during the fire and offer to make a charity appearance at the school\'s spring formal. A month later, Jennifer is beginning to look pale, and accepts a date with school goth/emo Colin , whom she brutally kills that night. While Needy and her boyfriend, Chip  have sex, Needy senses something dreadful has happened. She leaves in a panic and almost runs over Jennifer, drenched in blood. She rushes home and finds Jennifer in her bedroom, who then begins to make out with Needy and soon explains what happened after the fire: Low Shoulder took her into the woods and offered her as a virgin sacrifice to Satan in exchange for fame and fortune. However, although the sacrifice and greedy exchange were a success, Jennifer was not a virgin, and when the lead singer Nikolai  murdered her, a demonic spirit took over her body. It is revealed then that Jennifer knew she needed human flesh and blood to survive. In addition to the known murdered townspeople, Jennifer also encountered the exchange student Ahmet after the fire and upon hearing that no one knew he had survived, she took him into the woods and ate him, making him her first victim. The next day at school, as the town is stunned by Colin\'s death, Needy goes to the school library\'s occult section and surmises that Jennifer is a succubus; she is weakest when she is hungry, and must eat flesh in order to sustain her life and appearance. Needy tells Chip about her discoveries and warns him not to attend the dance. He does not believe her and she subsequently breaks up with him in order to protect him. Chip goes to the dance, hoping to meet with Needy, but is instead intercepted by Jennifer, who seduces him and takes him to an abandoned pool house. Needy arrives there and finds Jennifer feeding on Chip. Needy tries to drown Jennifer but Jennifer, hovering in the air, attacks her. She is then stabbed by Chip with a pool skimmer. Jennifer escapes while Needy, heartbroken, watches her boyfriend die. Needy then decides she must kill Jennifer. She goes to Jennifer\'s home and sees Jennifer picking out her next victims in her yearbook. Crashing through the window, Needy fights Jennifer with a box cutter. Culminating with a stab to the heart, Needy finally destroys the demon and kills her. Jennifer\'s mother  comes in and finds Needy with the utility knife on top of her daughter\'s body. Soon after, Needy is brought to an asylum. Since she was bitten by Jennifer, she has obtained some of Jennifer\'s supernatural powers. Set upon revenge for what was done to Jennifer and her, she escapes the mental facility and hitchhikes a ride to the hotel where Low Shoulder are staying; she then brutally murders them all.'] ["Tommy Layton , a wealthy bachelor, rents a city bus to take him from Chicago to Los Angeles. Once there he intends to participate in a yacht race to Hawaii. The bus drivers, Algy  and Wellington , are chased by a detective  hired by the bus company. They escape capture by driving the bus off a fishing pier. Layton, who is now on his yacht, rescues them and hires them as his crew for the race. A competitor of his in the race, Joan Marshall  has fired his original crew without his knowledge. He enacts revenge by kidnapping her and taking her along on the race. While on course to Hawaii, they encounter a hurricane and land on an uncharted island, which is also the home of Dr. Varnoff , a mysterious scientist. The island natives mistake Wellington as a legendary hero and inform him that he must marry Princess Luana . Meanwhile, Varnoff's plan is to cause a volcano to erupt in order to trick the tribe into giving him their sacred jewel. The natives send Wellington  to the volcano to defeat the evil spirit of the volcano. Varnoff chases him to the volcano, where they are defeated by Wellington and Algy."] ['Stan and Ollie are down to their last six bucks and call a lift to a job agency to find work. A City Water Dept. truck driver offers them a lift and drenches them with water as a joke and leaves them behind. They finally arrive in a badly damaged car that has been towed away. At the job agency a call comes from Mrs. Vandeveer looking for a maid and butler to help at a dinner party she is holding that night. Ollie tells the receptionist they can fill the post and to leave it to them. They arrive and Stan is dressed in drag, pretending to be the maid "Agnes". At the dinner party, Stan eats the nibbles he is supposed to be giving to the guests and tips the rest into Mrs. Vandeveer\'s lap. Ollie calls the guests to the meal with a hand held xylophone. He says "there is everything From Soup To Nuts folks, come and get it". Stan is told to take the cocktails and instead of clearing them away he drinks them and becomes drunk. Ollie gets the guests to sit down with the men on one side and the women on the other side of the table. Mr. Vandeveer tells Ollie to change the seating arrangement and Ollie begins to move the guests around for a while until Mr. Vandeveer gets impatient and tells them to sit anywhere they like at the table. Mr. Vandeveer then tells the drunken Stan to "serve up the salad without dressing" so Stan serves the salad in his underwear. Seeing this, Mr. Vandeveer angrily storms into another room to take a rifle. Mrs. Vandeveer arrives, having changed her dress, and faints at the sight of Stan. Mr Vandeveer returns, rifle in hand, and chases Stan and Ollie out of the house. A single gunshot is heard and Mr. Vandeveer returns, followed by a policeman, who tells him, "why don\'t you be more careful, you almost blew my brains out". When the cop turns to leave, the seat of his pants have a large jagged hole ripped in them, revealing smouldering undershorts. Stan and Ollie then become road sweepers and wonder why they are always in the gutter. They decide to get an education because in Stan\'s words "we\'re not illiterative enough". They are sitting outside the Farmers & Merchants Bank of Commerce building eating a packed lunch, while a robbery is taking place inside. They inadvertently catch the robber when he slips on a banana peel tossed on the street by Stan. A grateful bank manager offers them a reward by suggesting that they could have a job in his bank. When Oliver mentions they would not be much use since he and Stan do not have an education, the bank president expands on their goal to attend night school by saying, "If it\'s an education you want, you shall have the finest education money can buy." He enrolls Stan and Ollie at Oxford University in England, and they depart the U.S. towards Oxford by steamship. When Stan and Ollie arrive at the university, the snobby undergraduate students, led by the mischievous Johnson  decide to give them the "royal initiation," which involves a number of pranks. They are sent off into a maze in order to get a pass to see the dean and quickly became lost. One of the students  dresses as a ghost in order to frighten Stan and Ollie, and while they sit on a bench to sleep, the ghost\'s hand comes through the hedge to help Stan smoke his pipe and cigar . They spend all night in the maze and exit the next morning. Johnson poses as the dean and gives Stan and Ollie the real dean\'s quarters to live in. They make themselves at home only to be confronted by the dean. The prank is uncovered and Johnson is due to expelled. Before this happens the students decide to run Stan and Ollie out so they can\'t give evidence against Johnson. The boys are taken to their real quarters where Meredith the valet recognises Stan as Lord Paddington, the "greatest athlete and scholar the university ever had". He says that Lord Paddington had lost his memory when the window fell on his head and wandered from campus. Stan and Ollie dismiss his story as a "dizzy spell". The students arrive and decide to throw Stan and Ollie out of the window. Stan and Ollie decide to escape through the window and in doing so the window falls on Stan\'s head, which transforms him back into Lord Paddington. When the students accuse him of "squealing", he becomes angry and his ears wiggle—something that occurs whenever Lord Paddington becomes angry, according to Meredith\'s story—after which he throws all of the students out of the window. However, Stan does not remember Ollie any longer so he becomes furious when Ollie tells him of his former life and throws Ollie out the window as well. Lord Paddington takes pity on Ollie and employs him to be his personal valet. He calls Ollie by the nickname "Fatty" and criticises him which makes Ollie so angry he quits his job. Stan hears students come to cheer him outside and as he looks out of the window it falls on him once again, returning him back to his usual self.'] ['After winning a lifetime achievement award, esteemed screenwriter Steven Phillips  has a rude awakening. Steven believes the award has no real meaning, but it does—it means his career is over. His studio has reneged on his contract and told him he\'s gone cold, saying he\'s "lost his edge." A junior exec  tells Steven his new script is dull and to be off the lot by 5 p.m. Taken by surprise, the Oscar-nominated writer is desperate to revive his career. He seeks the advice of a very successful screenwriter buddy, Jack , who arranges an introduction to Sarah , a modern day muse who can inspire anyone. Sarah, however, has conditions and unnecessarily lavish needs, such as expensive hotel rooms and gifts from Tiffany & Co. Steven is forced to make good on those conditions, much to the chagrin of his wife Laura . Steven isn\'t sure if the muse could be the real thing or just somebody sucking him dry of his money and patience. She takes him to Long Beach, where they encounter writer-director Rob Reiner, someone Sarah clearly knows. Steven gets an idea for a movie set in an aquarium. As Sarah\'s demands increase, Steven\'s apprehensive wife begins to be won over. Through the muse\'s encouragement Laura decides to pursue her dream of baking and selling cookies, to much fanfare and success. To save money, Sarah is invited by the Phillipses to move into their house. Steven, however, is frustrated because Sarah spends more time helping others—notably Hollywood writers and directors like James Cameron and Martin Scorsese, who come to Steven\'s house to see her. Steven even surrenders his own bedroom to Sarah and sleeps in the guest house. When he pleads for a way to end his aquarium screenplay, Sarah does point Steven in the right direction and inspires him with a great idea. Steven\'s agent Hal is thrilled and urges him to finish the script as quickly as possible. The following morning, though, two visitors come to Steven\'s home, revealing that they are doctors from a mental clinic. They tell Steven that Sarah is an escaped psychiatric patient from their asylum who has multiple personality disorder. They find the whole "muse" idea hilarious. When they try to find Sarah to take her back, they discover that she has escaped. The junior exec, Josh, loves Steven\'s script, but he breaks the news that the idea is already in production at another studio—by Rob Reiner. A broken-hearted Steven goes to work in his wife\'s new cookie business. Things turn around when the agent calls to inform Steven that the Reiner project fell through and the studio wants to purchase his version, contingent upon a few changes being made. An excited Steven goes to the studio, where a secretary reveals that a new boss, Christine, is now in charge. Christine is revealed to be Sarah. She takes Steven\'s arm and insists that they discuss the changes over a nice, expensive lunch, which she expects him to pay for.'] ['Mays Gilliam  is an alderman of the 9th Ward in Washington D.C.. After being fired from his post and dumped by his girlfriend, Kim , Mays is surprisingly chosen as the party candidate for the presidency  to run against sitting vice-president Brian Lewis. Assuming the election was already lost, the party decided to pick a likable but unwinnable minority candidate to improve their chances in the next presidential election. At first, Mays feels he will not be able to succeed as President because he would be representing the entire African-American populace, and does not want to do anything to mess it up. However, Mays begins to rise in the polls after his brother  persuades him to speak out for what he believes. He begins to talk about issues such as welfare, money, society, etc. After Lewis runs a series of attack ads including one saying Mays supports cancer, Mays begins to fight back using what he claimed was "kissing" his opponent . A part of this strategy includes dubbing a videotape of Osama bin Laden saying he hates America but loves Brian Lewis. This strategy gains Mays even more points in the polls. As voting day draws closer, Mays eventually learns the reason why he was chosen as the party candidate, and fires some disloyal campaign operatives , as well as choosing his brother as his running mate. He later has a debate with his opponent in which he manages to win the crowd over by speaking truth about the American life. Finally, Mays ends up winning the election and the presidency. The film ends with a shot of Mount Rushmore with Mays Gilliam\'s head added; complete with bling.'] ['In a future dystopia, Aram Fingal  is a lowly programmer working for Novicorp. Arts are prohibited and he is caught watching the classic film Casablanca  on his workstation. To rehabilitate him, the company transfers his mind  into a wild baboon . For a few minutes, Julia narrates over footage of wild animals . Eventually, Fingal begins to enjoy his baboon existence until he finds his peaceful perch in a tree threatened by an elephant shaking it for fruit. He then activates an escape clause that is supposed to return his mind to his original body. Unknown to Fingal, however, his body has been accidentally tagged for transfer to separate wing for a sex change, and with the computer unable to return him to his body, Fingal’s mind must be kept active by storing it in Novicorp’s central computer — the HX368, which controls everything from finances to the weather — until his body is located. His mind can only be maintained in such a way for a limited time before it is destroyed, forming one of the central plot points of the film. Fingal\'s disappearance is reported to a rival corporation. The news is broadcast worldwide, causing Novicorp\'s share price to crash. Majority shareholders force Novicorp\'s Chairman  to divert resources to keep Fingal alive and find his body. Apollonia , a computer controller, is assigned to locate Fingal and keep him from hacking into Novicorp’s mainframe. With Apollonia’s help, Fingal creates a virtual world where he encounters characters from Casablanca, including a version of Humphrey Bogart’s character, Rick . Over time he grows bored  and plots to bring down Novicorp’s finances without being removed and, thus, killed. Apollonia tries to keep Fingal out of trouble, placing her in opposition with Novicorp’s leaders, especially when she finds herself falling in love with Fingal and develops a conflict of interest. With Apollonia’s considerable help, Fingal eventually “interfaces” with the mainframe and defeats his antagonists. He also returns to his body, which has been discovered before undergoing the aforementioned sex change operation. Finally corporeal and reunited with his accomplice, Fingal and Apollonia experience a traditional happy ending, with Fingal having taken complete control of the HX368. After ordering bonuses and stocks for every employee, committing Novicorp\'s Chairman to a month of "compulsory rehab" via doppeling and changing both his and Apollonia\'s identity to Rick and Ilsa , the characters from Casablanca, Fingal, who by now has absolute and total access to and control of the system, vows to fight against the dystopian government. The film ends with the new couple walking out the door and, now free from Novicorp\'s oppression, talk about opening a club on the other side of town: Rick\'s Place.'] ['Stylistically the movie is a parody of rock documentaries, purportedly filmed and directed by the fictional Marty DiBergi . The faux documentary covers a 1982 United States concert tour for the fictional British rock group "Spinal Tap" to promote their new album Smell the Glove, but interspersed with one-on-one interviews with the members of the group and footage of the group from previous times of their career.  The band was started by childhood friends David St. Hubbins  and Nigel Tufnel  during the 1960s. Originally named "The Originals", then "The New Originals" to distinguish themselves from an existing group of the same nameThere is an unrelated real group The Originals, a Motown group active in the late 1960s to the present day., they settled on the name "The Thamesmen", finding success with their skiffle/Rhythm and blues single "Gimme Some Money". They changed their name again to "Spinal Tap" and enjoyed limited success with the flower power anthem "Listen to the Flower People". Ultimately, the band became successful with heavy metal style and produced several albums. The group was joined eventually by bassist Derek Smalls , keyboardist Viv Savage , and a series of drummers, each of whom mysteriously dies under odd circumstances, including spontaneous human combustion, a "bizarre gardening accident" and, in at least one case, choking to death on the vomit of person unknown. DiBergi\'s interviews with St. Hubbins and Tufnel reveal that they are competent composers and musicians, but are dimwitted and immature. Tufnel, in showing his guitar collection to DiBergi, reveals an amplifier that has volume knobs that go to eleven; when DiBergi asks, "Why don\'t you just make ten louder and make ten be the top number and make that a little louder?" Tufnel can only reply, "These go to eleven." Tufnel later plays a somber quasi-classical music composition on piano for DiBergi, claiming it to be a "Mach piece" , before revealing the composition to be entitled "Lick My Love Pump". As the tour starts, concert appearances are repeatedly canceled due to low ticket sales. Tensions continue to increase when several major retailers refuse to sell Smell the Glove because of its sexist cover art and there is growing resentment shown towards the group\'s manager Ian Faith . Tufnel becomes even more perturbed when St. Hubbins\' girlfriend Jeanine  — a manipulative yoga and astrology devotee — joins the group on tour, begins to participate with band meetings, and attempts to influence their costumes and stage presentation. The band\'s distributor, Polymer Records, opts to release Smell the Glove with an entirely black cover without consulting the band. The album fails to draw crowds to autograph sessions with the band.  To revive interest, Tufnel suggests staging a performance of "Stonehenge," an epic song that is to be accompanied in concert by a lavish stage show, and asks Ian to order a giant Stonehenge megalith for the show. However, Tufnel, rushing a sketch on a napkin, mislabels its dimensions, using a double prime symbol instead of single prime. The resulting prop, seen for the first time by the group during a show, is only 18&nbsp;inches high , making the group a laughing stock on stage. The group accuses Faith of mismanagement, and when St. Hubbins suggests Jeanine should co-manage the group, Faith quits in disgust. The tour continues, rescheduled into smaller and smaller venues. Tufnel becomes marginalized by Jeanine and St. Hubbins. At their next gig  Tufnel is upset by an equipment malfunction and leaves the group in the middle of a show. In their next gig, in an amphitheater at an amusement park , David tells the sparse crowd that they\'re witnessing a new birth, having renamed the band \'Spinal Tap Mark 2\' as he and the remaining members are forced to perform a fusion-esque, experimental song entitled, \'Jazz Odyssey\' due to the lack of Tufnel\'s presence and material. At the last show of the tour, as the group considers venturing into a musical theatre production on the theme of Jack the Ripper entitled \'Saucy Jack\', Tufnel reappears and informs them that he is "a messenger" from Ian Faith and Sex Farm is wildly popular in Japan, in fact it`s at number 5 in the charts there. He then tells David that Faith would like to arrange a new tour in that country. David is initially cool to the idea, but later, when on stage, David beckons Nigel on to join them and he grabs his guitar and plays with them onstage. David he gets caught up in the moment of the tour\'s final performance and not only allows Nigel to return, but rehires Faith back as manager as well. Despite losing their drummer Mick Shrimpton  as he inexplicably explodes onstage, the film ends with Spinal Tap playing a series of sold-out arena shows for enthusiastic fans on their Japanese tour.'] ['A veteran U.S. Senate Democrat, Bulworth is losing his bid for re-election to a fiery young opponent. Bulworth\'s leftist views, formed in the 1960s and 1970s, have lost favor with voters, so he has conceded to moderate politics and to accepting donations from special interests. In addition, though he and his wife have been having affairs openly for years, they must still present a happy facade in the interest of maintaining a good public image. Tired of politics and his life in general and planning to commit suicide, Bulworth negotiates a $10 million life insurance policy with his daughter as its beneficiary in exchange for a favorable vote for the insurance industry. Knowing that a suicide will negate his daughter\'s inheritance, he contracts to have himself assassinated within two days\' time. Turning up in California for his campaign extremely drunk, Bulworth begins speaking his mind freely at public events and in the presence of the C-SPAN film crew following his campaign. After ending up in a night club and smoking marijuana, he even starts rapping in public. His frank, potentially offensive remarks make him an instant media darling and re-energize his campaign. Becoming romantically involved with young campaigner Nina , Bulworth hides out in her family\'s home. He is pursued by the paparazzi, his insurance company, his campaign managers, Nina\'s protective drug-dealing brother, and an increasingly adoring public, all before his impending assassination. Nina reveals she is the assassin he indirectly hired and will now not carry out the job. Bulworth happily accepts a new campaign for the presidency right before he is shot in front of a crowd of reporters and supporters by an insurance representative fearful of Bulworth\'s push for single-payer health care. At the end of the picture he lies gravely wounded in a hospital, and it is left unsaid and unclear if he lives, or dies from his wounds. The picture ends with poet Amiri Baraka playing a street poet and proclaiming in front of the hospital, "You got to be a spirit. You can\'t be no ghost."'] ['Roujin Z is set in Japan during the early 21st century. A group of scientists and hospital administrators, under the direction of the Ministry of Public Welfare, have developed the Z-001, a computerized hospital bed with robotic features.{{cite web}} The Z-001 takes complete care of the patient: it can dispense food and medicine, remove excretory waste, bathe and exercise the patient lying within its frame. The bed is driven by its own built-in nuclear power reactor &mdash; and in the event of an atomic meltdown, the bed  would become automatically sealed in concrete.<ref nameHolden, Stephen | dateRoujin Z  Film Review; A Gadget-Mad America, Through Japanese Eyes | url9A0CEFDA1239F936A35752C0A960958260 | publisher2011-06-22}} The first patient to be "volunteered" to test the bed is a dying widower named Kiyuro Takazawa. He is an invalid who is cared for by a young nursing student named Haruko. Although she objects to such treatment of elderly patients, Haruko begrudgingly seeks the aid of a group of computer hackers in the hospital\'s geriatric ward to create and install a vocal simulation of Takazawa\'s deceased wife in the Z-001. However, once Takazawa wishes to go to the beach, the Z-001 detaches itself from its moorings and escapes from the hospital with the man in its grasp.<ref nameTR | titlehttp://www.timeout.com/film/reviews/76973/roujin_z.html | publisher2011-06-22}} Haruko\'s fears are then justified, as it discovered that the bed is actually a government-designed, experimental weapons robot.'] ['In the future, humans are a space-faring Federation and contend for planets with a hostile species of large insects known as the Arachnids or "Bugs," whose home-world is the distant planet Klendathu. In the Federation citizenship is not a birthright, but a privilege earned by those who serve society through such activities as military service; citizens are granted many opportunities prohibited to non-citizens. Athlete John "Johnny" Rico, his girlfriend Carmen Ibanez, and best friend Carl Jenkins attend high school in Buenos Aires. Fellow student Dizzy Flores is in love with Rico, but he does not return her affections. After graduation all decide to enlist in Federation service. Carmen excels academically and becomes a spaceship pilot while Carl, who is psychic, is assigned Military Intelligence for scientific research on the Bugs. Rico enlists in the Mobile Infantry mainly to see Carmen, but is surprised to see Dizzy, who has enlisted there to be near him. At Mobile Infantry training the brutal but effective Career Sergeant Zim heads the recruits. Rico is promoted to squad leader and finds a friend in Ace Levy, but his hopes for continued romance with Carmen are dashed as she desires a career with the fleet and serves under Rico\'s high school sports rival, Zander Barcalow. After a live-fire training incident that results in the death of one of Rico\'s squad, he is demoted and publicly flogged. He decides to resign and calls his parents, but the call unexpectedly drops; an asteroid launched by the Arachnids has obliterated Buenos Aires, killing millions including Rico\'s family. Rico rescinds his resignation and remains with the Infantry as an invasion force is deployed to Klendathu. The first strike on Klendathu is a disaster, with heavy casualties. Rico himself is wounded and mistakenly labeled KIA, causing Carmen to believe he is dead. Rico, Ace, and Dizzy are reassigned to the Roughnecks, commanded by Rico\'s high school teacher Lieutenant Jean Rasczak. Dizzy and Rico begin a romance and The Roughnecks respond to a distress call from Planet "P", where they discover a deserted outpost that had been overrun by Bugs. The distress call is a trap by the Arachnids, who swarm the outpost. Rico euthanises a mortally wounded Rasczak at his own request and Dizzy is fatally wounded, dying in Rico\'s arms as they are retrieved by a rescue ship piloted by Carmen and Zander. Rico and Carmen reconnect at Dizzy\'s funeral, where they encounter Carl, now a high-ranking Intelligence officer. Carl reveals that the reason for the ill-fated mission on P was to confirm the existence of an intelligent "brain bug", directing the other Bugs and showing that the Bugs have a desire to learn about their human enemy. He field-promotes Rico to lieutenant and gives him command of the Roughnecks, ordering the infantry to capture the brain bug. As Rico\'s Roughnecks join the mission on the planet, the Fleet encounters fire from the Bugs, and Carmen\'s ship is destroyed. The dying Captain Deladier orders them to abandon ship. Carmen and Zander leave in an escape pod but crash into the Bug tunnel system near Rico\'s location. Rico, unknowingly guided by a psychic suggestion from Carl, takes Ace and teammate Sugar Watkins into the tunnels to rescue Carmen. They find a wounded Carmen and Zander disarmed in a cavern with several Arachnids, including the brain bug, which drains the contents of Zander\'s cranial cavity with a proboscis. Before it can do so to Carmen, she severs it with a knife. Rico threatens the Bugs with a small nuclear bomb, so the brain bug reluctantly allows them to escape. When Arachnids pursue them, Watkins is mortally wounded and sacrifices himself by detonating the nuke while the others escape. After returning to the surface, they find that former Sergeant Zim, who had demoted himself to private so that he could serve, has captured the brain bug. Carl congratulates Rico and tells him and Carmen that the humans will soon be victorious, now that Intelligence can study the brain bug.'] ['Oh! What A Lovely War summarizes and comments on the story of World War I using popular songs of the time, many of which were parodies of older popular songs, and using allegorical settings such as Brighton\'s West Pier to portray historical events. The diplomatic manoeuvrings and events involving those in authority are set in a fantasy location inside the pierhead pavilion, far from the trenches. In the opening scene various Foreign Ministers, generals and Heads of State walk over a huge map of Europe, reciting actual words spoken by these figures at the time. An unnamed photographer takes a picture of Europe\'s rulers - after handing two red poppies to the Archduke Ferdinand and his wife, the Duchess of Hohenberg he takes their picture, \'assassinating\' them as the flash goes off. Many of the heads of state enjoy good personal relations and are reluctant to go to war: a tearful Emperor Franz Josef declares war on Serbia after being deceived by his Foreign Minister, whilst Czar Nicholas II and Kaiser Wilhelm II are shown as unable to overrule their countries\' military mobilisation schedules. The German invasion of Belgium leaves Sir Edward Grey little choice but to get involved. Italy reneges on her alliance with the Central Powers  but Turkey joins them instead. The start of the war in 1914 is shown as a parade of optimism. The protagonists are an archetypal British family of the time, the Smiths, who are shown entering Brighton\'s West Pier, with General Haig selling tickets - the film later follows the young Smith men through their experiences in the trenches. A military band rouses holidaymakers from the beach to rally round and follow - some even literally boarding a bandwagon. The first Battle of Mons is similarly cheerfully depicted yet more realistic in portrayal. Both scenes are flooded in pleasant sunshine. When the casualties start to mount, a theatre audience is rallied by singing "Are We Downhearted? No!" A chorus line dressed in frilled yellow dresses, recruits a volunteer army with "We don\'t want to lose you, but we think you ought to go". A music hall star  then enters a lone spotlight, and lures the still doubtful young men in the audience into "taking the King\'s Shilling" by singing about how every day she \'walks out\' with different men in uniform, and that "On Saturday I\'m willing, if you\'ll only take the shilling, to make a man of any one of you." The young men take to the stage and are quickly moved offstage and into military life, and the initially alluring music hall singer is depicted on close-up as a coarse, over-made-up harridan. The red poppy crops up again as a symbol of impending death, often being handed to a soldier about to be sent to die. These scenes are juxtaposed with the pavilion, now housing the top military brass. There is a scoreboard  showing the loss of life and \'yards gained\'. Outside, Sylvia Pankhurst  is shown addressing a hostile crowd on the futility of war, upbraiding them for believing everything they read in the newspapers. She is met with catcalls and jeered off her podium. 1915 is depicted as darkly contrasting in tone. Many shots of a parade of wounded men illustrate an endless stream of grim, hopeless faces. Black humour among these soldiers has now replaced the enthusiasm of the early days. "There\'s A Long, Long Trail A-Winding" captures the new mood of despair, depicting soldiers filing along in torrential rain in miserable conditions. Red poppies provide the only bright colour in these scenes. In a scene of British soldiers drinking in an estaminet, a chanteuse  leads them in a jolly chorus of "The Moon Shines Bright On Charlie Chaplin", a reworking of an American song then shifts the mood back to darker tone by singing a soft and sombre version of "Adieu la vie". At the end of the year, amidst more manoeuvres in the pavilion, General  Sir Douglas Haig replaces Field Marshal Sir John French as Commander-in-Chief of the British Forces. An interfaith service is held in a ruined abbey. A priest tells the gathered soldiers that each religion has endorsed the war by way of allowing soldiers to eat pork if Jewish, meat on Fridays if Catholic, and work through the sabbath if in service of the war for all religions. He also mentions the Dalai Lama has blessed the war effort. 1916 passes and the film\'s tone darkens again. The songs contain contrasting tones of wistfulness, stoicism, and resignation; including "The Bells Of Hell Go Ting-a-ling-a-ling", "If The Sergeant Steals Your Rum, Never Mind" and "Hanging on the Old Barbed Wire". The wounded are laid out in ranks at the field station, a stark contrast to the healthy rows of young men who entered the War. The camera often lingers on Harry Smith\'s silently suffering face. The Americans arrive, but are shown only in the \'disconnected reality\' of the pavilion, interrupting the deliberations of the British generals by singing "Over There" with the changed final line: "And we won\'t come back - we\'ll be buried over there!" The resolute-looking American captain seizes the map from an astonished Haig. Jack notices with disgust that after three years of fighting, he is literally back where he started, at Mons. As the Armistice is sounding, Jack is the last one to die. There is a splash of red which at first glance appears to be blood, but which turns out to be yet another poppy out of focus in the foreground. The film closes with a long slow pan out that ends in a dizzying aerial view of soldiers\' graves, as the voices of the dead sing "We\'ll Never Tell Them" .'] ["After leaving the army and returning to university, newly-graduated upper class Stanley Windrush  is looking for a job but fails miserably at interviews for various entry-level management positions. Stanley's uncle, Bertram Tracepurcel  and his old army comrade, Sidney DeVere Cox , persuade him to take an unskilled blue-collar job at Uncle Bertram's missile factory, despite Aunt Dolly's  misgivings. At first suspicious of the overeager newcomer, Communist shop steward Fred Kite  takes Stanley under his wing and even offers to take him in as a lodger. When Kite's curvaceous daughter Cynthia  drops by, Stanley readily accepts. Meanwhile, personnel manager Major Hitchcock  is assigned a time and motion study expert, Waters , to measure how efficient the employees are. The workers refuse to cooperate but Waters tricks Windrush into showing him how much more quickly he can do his job, than other more experienced employees. When Kite is informed of the results, he calls a strike to protect the rates his union workers are being paid. This is what Cox and Tracepurcel want; Cox owns a company that can take over a large new contract with a Middle Eastern country at an inflated cost. He, Tracepurcel and Mr. Mohammed , the country's representative, would each pocket a third of the £100,000 difference. Things don't quite work out for either side. Cox arrives at his factory to find that his workers are walking out in sympathy for Kite and his strikers. The press reports that Kite is punishing Windrush for working hard. When Windrush decides to cross the picket line and go back to work , Kite asks him to leave his house. This provokes the adoring Cynthia and her mother  to go on strike. More strikes spring up, bringing the country to a standstill. Faced with these new developments, Tracepurcel has no choice but to send Hitchcock to negotiate with Kite. They reach an agreement but Windrush has made both sides look bad and has to go. Cox tries to bribe him with a bagful of money to resign quietly but Windrush turns him down. On a televised discussion programme moderated by Malcolm Muggeridge , Windrush reveals to the nation the underhanded motivations of all concerned. When he throws Cox's bribe money into the air, the studio audience riots. In the end, Windrush is convicted of causing a disturbance and everyone else is exonerated. He is last seen with his father  relaxing at a nudist colony, only to have to flee from the female residents' attentions."] ['Bob Roberts takes place in Pennsylvania. It depicts a fictitious senatorial race between conservative Republican folk singer, Bob Roberts  and the incumbent Democrat, Brickley Paiste . The film is shot through the perspective of Terry Manchester ([[Brian Murray , a British documentary filmmaker who is following the Roberts campaign. Through his lens we see Roberts travel across the state, performing songs about drug users, lazy people and the triumph of traditional family values over the rebelliousness of the 1960s. As the campaign continues, Paiste remains in the lead until a scandal arises involving him and a young woman who was seen emerging from a car with him. Paiste claims that she was a friend of his granddaughter who he was driving home, but he cannot shake the accusations. Throughout the campaign, reporter Bugs Raplin  attempts to use the documentary being made about Roberts as a way to expose him to the public as a fraud. Raplin believes that Roberts\' anti-drug charity, Broken Dove, is connected to an old Central Intelligence Agency drug trafficking scheme. As the election approaches, Roberts is asked to appear on a network\'s sketch comedy show. When Roberts announces that he will not be playing the song he had originally proposed, a dispute breaks out between the cast and producers of the show. This new song turns out to be nothing more than a thinly-veiled campaign endorsement, and an angry staff member of the network pulls the plug mid-performance. As Roberts is leaving the studio, he is shot by a would-be assassin. Raplin, who has been causing problems for the campaign, is initially linked to the shooting, but he is later cleared when it is found that due to constrictive palsy in his right hand he physically could not have fired the gun. Following the incident, Raplin contends that Roberts was never actually shot and that the gun was fired into the ground. The campaign is boosted by public support following the assassination attempt, and Roberts wins the election with 52 percent of the vote. Although Roberts claims that his wounds have left him paralysed from the waist down, he is seen tapping his feet at a celebration party. While Terry Manchester is interviewing Roberts\' supporters outside the new Senator\'s hotel, a boy runs up shouting, "He\'s dead, he\'s dead, they got him!" When Manchester asks him what he\'s talking about, the boy shouts, "Bugs Raplin! He\'s dead! They got him!" A joyful celebration breaks out among Roberts\' supporters, the shot changes to an image of his hotel room, and an upright walking shadow suggesting Roberts\' profile passes the window before the lights go out. The film ends with a radio news report about Raplin\'s death at the hands of a right-wing fanatic and a shot of Manchester standing in the Jefferson Memorial, looking at the words, "I have sworn upon the altar of God eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man," inscribed there.'] ['The film tells the story of four friends who gather in a villa for the weekend for the express purpose of eating themselves to death. Bouffer is French slang for "eating". .'] ['Andula is a working-class woman living in a fading Czech factory town. After a party she sleeps with Milda, a pianist with the band who was visiting from Prague. A famous line is uttered as they are lying in bed afterward. Andula asks what Milda meant when he said she was "angular." He goes on to explain that a woman is shaped like a guitar. "And you, you look like a guitar too," he tells her, "but one painted by Picasso." They part ways, and when she doesn\'t hear from him again, she packs up and arrives on his doorstep in the big city. Milda is not home, and she meets his parents, who don\'t know what they should do with her. Milda comes home early the next morning, and it becomes clear to Andula that she is not wanted, so she returns to her home.'] ["Ray Pluto has horrid memories of watching his wife and child die in a traffic accident. He's also a cop who's the laughingstock of New York City because his back went out while trying to stop a mass murderer &mdash; who was then shot by a child. For his back, he gets help from a chiropractor. Meanwhile, a teenager hires thugs to kill her father, who's the super in Ray's apartment building. In the same building, two young men are writing a movie script. Ray tries to get past his grief to solve the assault on the super and also return the affections of the chiropractor."] ['{{plot}} An avant garde fashion show is to be held in a New Wave nightclub in Manhattan. Among the models are bisexual Margaret  and Jimmy . Jimmy is Margaret\'s rival and nemesis. He is apparently a drug addict, constantly hassling Margaret\'s heroin-dealer girlfriend Adrian  for drugs despite not having any money to pay for them. An alien spacecraft — about the size of a dinner plate — lands on the rooftop of the penthouse apartment occupied by Margaret and Adrian. Before the show, Jimmy suggests to Margaret that they both go to her place, but once there he only cares about finding Adrian\'s stash of heroin. We learn that Margaret\'s apartment is being watched by a tiny, shapeless alien from inside the UFO. Meanwhile, Adrian performs "Me and My Rhythm Box" at the club. Margaret and Jimmy return to the club to participate in the show. During preparations both agree to a photographic shoot the following night on Margaret\'s rooftop. They are assured that there will be plenty of drugs available at the shoot. Margaret and Jimmy perform in the nightclub fashion show. Margaret connects with Californian soap opera actor and son of a TV producer Vincent . Vincent is offering cocaine to all the women at the nightclub. Back at Margaret\'s apartment she rejects Vincent when all he offers are Quaaludes. He beats her and rapes her on the building\'s staircase. Across town, middle class Katherine  revoices her objection to the heroin use of her boyfriend, failed writer and heroin addict Paul . German scientist Johann Hoffman  arrives in New York, then secretly starts observing the aliens from the Empire State Building observation deck. Paul buys heroin from Adrian while trying to seduce Margaret. Jimmy has lunch with his image conscious mother, Sylvia , a television producer. She tries to connect with him, but Jimmy\'s main interest is in obtaining money from her. Johann needs somewhere to continue his surveillance when the observation deck closes. He seeks help in this from the only person he knows in America, college drama teacher Owen ([[Bob Brady . Owen fobs Johann off as he plans to go meet a former student, Margaret. Seeking a vantage point on his own, Johann seeks access to an apartment building adjacent to Margaret\'s. This is Sylvia\'s building and lascivious Sylvia, who happens to have a free evening, eagerly invites Johann to her apartment for dinner. Margaret is seduced by her former acting professor Owen, a representative of the erstwhile hippie generation. He dies as they make love in view of the aliens, with a crystal protruding from his head. Adrian returns and they clash over Margaret\'s dalliance with Owen. Adrian recites a eulogy, helps hide the body, and goes out to buy food for an impromptu wake. Paul refuses to play host to Katherine\'s business clients at a party in her loft, claiming he feels sick. She angrily throws him out. Paul shows up at Margaret\'s while Adrian is out, and rapes her. He too dies, with a crystal protruding from his head. The aliens dispose of his body which instantly disintegrates. Margaret apparently believes it is the work of an "Indian" god possessing the Empire State Building and is grateful, but in shock. From Sylvia\'s apartment, Johann intermittently continues his observation between dinner and dodging Sylvia\'s various attempts to seduce him. He leaves to warn Adrian when she buys provisions for the wake. Rebuked by Adrian as a narc he returns to Sylvia. The crew arrives at Margaret\'s apartment for the fashion shoot. During the shoot Margaret is taunted by Jimmy, so she agrees to have sex with him knowing it will kill him. He dies and the body evaporates as Paul\'s had done. Adrian perversely encourages Margaret to have sex with her, rapes her, and Adrian also dies. A vengeful Margaret applies new make-up, deserts the crew and goes to a downtown nightclub. There she reconnects with Vincent, who previously raped her. Back at her apartment she seduces him, ensuring his death. Katherine arrives at the nightclub asking after Paul\'s dealer, Adrian. Johann reveals that the alien is extracting the endorphins produced by the brain when an orgasm occurs—apparently a fatal operation. Johann resumes observation of Margaret\'s apartment and sees she is in mortal danger so goes across to help her. He explains to Margaret that she survived because she never experienced an orgasm. Seeing the alien craft leaving, Margaret stabs Johann in the back and injects herself with heroin to induce a wild autoerotic orgasm to ensure the aliens take her with them. Sylvia and Katherine arrive at the apartment together and reach the penthouse in time to see Margaret vaporized by the aliens.'] ['The Institute for Advanced Concepts, a group of scientists with an unlimited budget and a propensity for elaborate pranks, brainwash a psychology professor named Simon Mendelssohn who was abandoned at birth and manage to convince him, and the rest of the world, that he is of extraterrestrial origin. Simon escapes and attempts to reform American culture by overriding TV signals with a high power TV transmitter, becoming a national celebrity in the process.'] ["Farmer Vincent Smith and his younger sister Ida live on a farm with a motel attached. It's called “Motel Hello,” but the neon ‘O’ flickers. Vincent smokes meats said to be the most delicious in the area. The secret is human flesh, and Vincent has the areas around his motel strewn with various booby traps to catch victims. The victims are restrained, then placed in a 'secret garden,’ buried up to their necks, and have their vocal chords cut to prevent them from screaming. They are kept in the ground and fed until they are ready for harvest. Ida helps Vincent, who feels he does no wrong and sees the victims as animals. Vincent shoots out the tires of a couple on a motorcycle. The male, Bo, is placed in the garden, but Vincent brings the female, Terry, to the motel. The next morning, Vincent and Ida's naïve brother, Sheriff Bruce, arrives. Vincent tells Terry her boyfriend died in the accident and was buried: a trip to the graveyard shows his crude grave marker. Terry, having nowhere else to go, decides to stay at the motel. Vincent and Ida subsequently capture more victims for the garden while Vincent uses his folksy charm to woo Terry, much to Bruce's dislike, who tries to woo her himself without much success. Vincent captures more victims by placing a pack of cardboard cow roadblocks to entice victims, and luring in a pair of swingers who have read a fake ad and believe the hotel to be a swing joint. The next day, he suggests he teach Terry to smoke meat. Ida becomes jealous and attempts to drown Terry, but Vincent arrives to save her. This is catalyst for Terry, who tries to seduce Vincent. He agrees to marry her the next day. Bruce drives down to the motel to protest Terry's choice. He tells Terry Vincent has 'syphilis of the brain,’ perhaps providing a reason for his behavior, before Vincent appears and chases his brother with a shotgun. To prepare for the wedding, Vincent, Terry, and Ida drink champagne, but Ida drugs it so Terry passes out. Ida and Vincent then prepare some victims for the wedding. Meanwhile, Bruce does detective work and becomes suspicious of his brother. Vincent and Ida kill three victims and take them to Vincent's meat processing plant. Doing so loosens the dirt around Bo, and he begins to escape. Bruce sneaks back to the motel to rescue Terry, but Ida returns and ambushes Bruce when he leaves the room. She knocks him out, and then takes Terry at gunpoint to the meat processing plant. Meanwhile, Bo escapes and frees the other victims. Vincent sends Ida back to the motel to fetch his brother, but the victims knock her out. Terry tries to escape, but Vincent gasses her, and then ties her to a conveyor belt. He is interrupted by Bo, who crashes through a window, but Vincent strangles the weakened man. Bruce awakens, finds one of his brother's shotguns, and goes to the plant, but finds that his brother has armed himself with a giant chainsaw. Vincent disarms his brother, but Bruce grabs his own chainsaw and duels Vincent. During the fight, the belt Terry is tied to activates, sending her slowly towards a cutting blade. Despite suffering several wounds, Bruce drives the chainsaw deep into Vincent's side. Bruce frees Terry and then returns with her to his brother, who gasps his final words, leaving the farm and 'secret garden' to Bruce, and then lamenting that he was a hypocrite because he used preservatives. Bruce and Terry go to the ‘secret garden’ and find it empty, except for Ida, who is buried head first. They head past the motel, while Bruce comments how he was glad he left home when he was eleven. Terry suggests burning the motel, claiming it is evil. The sign saying “Motel Hello” finally fully shorts out, permanently darkening the ‘O’."] ['Andris is a child living in Budapest. He is conceived when his mother Maria is attracted to a mysterious stranger during a performance of "The Magic Flute". The stranger disappears after the conception, and as a result Andris does not know his father. The law states that a boy should have his father\'s name, even if the father is unknown, to avoid the taint of illegitimacy. When Maria tries to register Andris with the child custody department, Andris is given the name of a fictitious father. She enters on Andris\' birth certificate the name of the bureaucrat she is dealing with, Antal Orban. Maria dies when she is hit on the head by a falling brick, an accident resulting from being in the wrong place at the wrong time, leaving Andris suddenly motherless. He then goes off in search of his nonexistent father. Along the way he meets and is helped by The Girl, the young nurse who delivered him, and who is alone like Andris. Meanwhile the kindly Orban becomes tired of the tyrannical bureaucracy, and decides to destroy the files of children he has helped to legitimize by giving them fictitious fathers. He then sets out to find Andris. Andris and The Girl finally meet Orban, and they form their own family. They meet scouts being trained as instruments of the state, and the scouts pursue Andris, Orban and The Girl. The three of them climb onto the back of a stone eagle, which takes off in flight.'] ['George Newman  is a daydreamer whose hyperactive imagination keeps him from holding a steady job. His gambling uncle, Harvey Bilchik, wins the deed to Channel 62, a bankrupt UHF television station, in a poker game, and prodded by his wife, gives control of the station to George. George and his best friend Bob ([[David Bowe  meet the Channel 62 staff which is made up of the receptionist and wannabe reporter Pamela Finklestein , dwarf photojournalist and cameraman Noodles MacIntosh , and eccentric engineer Philo . George attempts to introduce himself to the rival VHF network station, Channel 8, but its owner, the cynical R.J. Fletcher ([[Kevin McCarthy  chases him out angrily. On his way out of the station, he encounters the janitor, Stanley Spadowski , recently fired by Fletcher, and offers him a job at Channel 62. Though George creates new shows, including the kid-friendly but poorly named "Uncle Nutzy\'s Clubhouse" which he hosts, the workload and bad debt of the station get to him. Amid the stress, he forgets his girlfriend Teri\'s  birthday, who breaks up with him over the incident. Despondent, George turns "Uncle Nutzy\'s Clubhouse" over to Stanley so he and Bob can go out for a drink. Arriving at the bar, they find that all the patrons are excitedly watching Stanley\'s antics on Channel 62. Realizing they have a hit on their hands, George and Bob are revived and inspired. They come up with ideas for more original shows in Channel 62\'s lineup, all spearheaded by the newly retitled "Stanley Spadowski\'s Clubhouse." As Channel 62\'s popularity grows, Fletcher becomes furious that a UHF station is getting better ratings than his network\'s programming. He learns that Harvey Bilchik is the owner of the station and has just gambled away $75,000 at the horse races. Fletcher makes Harvey the offer of covering his debt to his bookie, Big Louie, in return for ownership of Channel 62, which he would then only too happily shut down . George learns of the deal and calls his aunt, who forces her husband to hold off, allowing George time to raise the money Harvey owes by selling investment stock in Channel 62 through a telethon. The telethon starts off successfully, led by Stanley\'s boundless energy, but Fletcher sends his goons to kidnap Stanley. Without Stanley, the telethon grinds to a halt. George then leads a group to infiltrate Channel 8 and rescue Stanley. They return in time to successfully finish the telethon just before Harvey\'s debt comes due, saving the station and making it a publicly owned company. Fletcher, on the other hand, finds out that the penny, a 1955 doubled-die cent he mockingly gave to a beggar earlier in the film was rare and worth thousands, resulting in Channel 62 making its goal. He also discovers that a slanderous conversation of his contempt for his station\'s viewers was secretly recorded and rebroadcast by Philo, and that Channel 8 failed to file paperwork to renew its broadcast license with the FCC, which revokes his license and takes the station off the air. As the film ends, George and Teri rekindle their relationship, while the rest of the employees and fans of Channel 62 celebrate. Throughout the film, there are cutaway scenes that are comic homages to popular shows of the time, through either George\'s imagination or shows specifically for Channel 62. For example, a dream sequence includes a music video for Yankovic\'s "Money for Nothing/Beverly Hillbillies*" in both the audio and visual style of the Dire Straits\' "Money for Nothing", and fake commercials for Plots \'R Us Mortuary Service, Gandhi II, Conan the Librarian and Spatula City are shown throughout the film.'] ['The film takes place decades after the Falklands War between Argentina and the United Kingdom for the control of the Falkland Islands in the South Atlantic Ocean. The film tells of Fabián Stratas, a magician and stand-up comedian from Buenos Aires, who saves his money from weddings, birthdays, and bar mitzvahs, and uses a hidden camera to document a week-long trip to the Falkland Islands, , where he has an ingenious Argentine patriotic plan: to impregnate a Falklander woman. Stratas has a theory: if only 500 Argentines did the same each year, the islands would soon be overrun with half-Argentines, and he would be the head of a "sexual invasion." Brilliant idea, he thinks. He spends his first couple of days on the island doing reconnaissance, and soon sets his eyes on Camila Heaney, whom he first saw in church. He chats her up at an Internet café and then they go out for drinks, which is followed by dinner. They also take a field trip to see the King penguins and the 1982 battlefield. Fabian has initial success, getting to have sex with Camila twice, first in his hotel room and then on the beach. He succeeds and manages to impregnate her before leaving for Buenos Aires, cocky and happy for having achieved his goal and duped his lover. However, Heaney gets the last word, making a videotape on Fabian\'s camera where she denounces him as the shallow, condescending and self-centered Argentine he is. After this, the camera shows Stratas, unfazed by Camila\'s anger, taking a shower while singing the Charly García cover of the Argentine National Anthem.'] ['The volunteer fire department in a small Czechoslovak town decides to organize a ball in a townhall with lottery and a beauty contest. The firefighters also plan to present a small ceremonial fire axe as the birthday gift to their honorary chairman who has cancer . During the ball the firefighter committee is assembled to look for eight candidates for the beauty contest, but they have difficulty to find enough of them. One of the fathers continues to buy drinks for the committee members to get his obese daughter accepted. During the ball the lottery prizes start to disappear from the table, especially food and drink disappear first. Josef, one of the firefighters suggests that the prizes have been stolen and tries to get them back without success - even his wife is involved in stealing. After much trouble enough candidates for the beauty contest are found and they are told that the winner will present a gift to their honorary chairman after the end of the contest. However, when the contest begins, the girls decide not to participate and lock themselves in the bathroom. Consequently, the firefighter committee uses force to draw the replacement candidates to the stage. Soon after that the siren sounds because the house of an old man is on fire. All people immediately begin to leave the townhall without paying for the drinks they consumed. With the fire engine stuck in the snow the firefighters can only save some furniture from the house but are unable to put down the fire. To help the old man who lost almost everything in a fire, the firefighters decide to present him the lottery prizes but almost all of them have been stolen during the ball . The firefighters order the people to return the stolen prizes when the lights go out but during the period of darkness the remaining items are also stolen. Realizing this, the fire board move to the backstage to discuss what they can do about the situation so their reputation will be saved. After they return to the hall all people are gone, with the exception of their honorary chairman. The committee presents him a gift box with the fire axe. But when the box is opened it turns out that the axe itself has also been stolen.'] ['"One of the minor annoyances in modern life is a revolution." Due to a revolution in his country, King Igor Shahdov  comes to New York City with almost no money, his securities having been stolen by his own Prime Minister. He tries to contact the Atomic Energy Commission with his ideas for using atomic power to create a utopia. At a dinner party, some of which is televised live , he reveals he\'s had some experience in the theater. He\'s approached to do TV commercials but doesn\'t like the idea. Later, he does make a few commercials in order to get some money. Invited to speak at a progressive school, he meets Rupert Macabee ([[Michael Chaplin , editor of the school paper, a ten-year-old historian who gives him a stern anarchist lecture. Although Rupert himself says he distrusts all forms of government, his parents are communists. Shahdov is subsequently suspected as a communist himself and has to face one of Joseph McCarthy\'s hearings. He is cleared of all charges and decides to join his estranged queen in Paris for a reconciliation. But Rupert\'s parents are jailed, and authorities force the child to reveal the names of his parents\' friends. Grieving and guilt-ridden, he is presented to King Shahdov as a "patriot". Shadov reassures him that the anti-communist scare is a lot of nonsense, and invites him to come to Europe with his parents for a visit. In a cataclysmic scene, Shadov accidentally directs a strong stream of water from a fire hose at the members of HUAC, who scatter in panic - a bit of fulfilment, considering Chaplin\'s own bitter experience with that body. In addition to its condemnation of HUAC\'s methods, the film takes witty potshots at American commercialism, popular music and film. A dinner party scene includes a number of satirical portrayals of actors and public figures of the period, including Sophie Tucker; and the King attends a film preview for Man or Woman? .'] ['Josh is the consummate temp employee, avoiding all long-term connections and responsibilities, both at work and in his personal life. However, by the time his agency places him at the Schuyler & Mitchell law firm, Josh is tired of his temporary life and agrees to take a permanent position at the firm. Josh has difficulty adapting to his new lifestyle, which manifests in his inability to complete his simple initial task: mailing seventeen important letters.'] ["{{expand section}} Baron Boris von Frankenstein  decides to retire, leaving the monster business to his nerdy nephew, Felix Flankin . Frankenstein plans to announce his decision at a convention of monsters that includes his creature and the creature's more intelligent mate , Frankenstein's seductive laboratory assistant Francesca , Count Dracula, the Werewolf, the Creature from the Black Lagoon, The Invisible Man, Quasimodo, Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde, the Mummy, It , and many more. However when Felix proves to be an incompetent  human, the monsters plot to eliminate him and gain control of Frankenstein's latest discovery: the secret of total destruction!"] ['Pepi, a young independent woman living in Madrid, is filling up her Superman sticker album when she receives an unexpected visit from a policeman who has spotted her marijuana plants from the street. Pepi tries to buy his silence with an offer of oral sex, but the policeman rapes her. This ruins her hopes of selling her virginity for a good amount of money. Thirsty for revenge, Pepi arranges for her friend Bom, a teenager punk singer, and her band, Los Bomitonis, to beat up the policeman. Wearing Madrilenian costumes and singing a zarzuela, Pepi’s friends give the man a merciless beating one night. However, the next day Pepi realizes that they had attacked the policeman’s innocent twin brother by mistake. Undaunted, Pepi decides on a more complex form of revenge. She befriends the policeman’s docile wife, Luci, with the excuse of receiving knitting lessons. Pepi’s idea is to corrupt Luci and take her away from the wife-beating policeman. During the first knitting class, Pepi’s friend, Bom, arrives at the apartment heading for the restroom in order to pee. This leads to the suggestion that, since Luci feels hot, Bom should stand on a chair and urinate over Luci’s face. Bom’s aggressive behavior satisfies Luci‘s masochism and the two women become lovers. Back home, Luci has an argument with her husband in which she complains about what he had done to Pepi. With a sense of liberation Luci leaves her husband and her home, moving in with Bom. The three friends, Pepi, Luci and Bom are immersed in Madrid’s youth scene, attending parties, clubs, concerts and meeting outrageous characters. In one of the concerts, Bom sings with her band, the Bomitonis, a song called Murciana la marrana, . Luci becomes a proud groupie. The highlight of one of the parties is a penis size contest called General Erections, a competition looking for the biggest, most svelte, most inordinate penis. The winner receives the opportunity to do what he wants, how he wants, with whomever he wants. He selects Luci to give him oral sex, which makes her the most envied woman at the party. Eventually Pepi is forced to find work as her father decides to stop her income. She becomes a creative writer for advertising spots designing ads for sweating, menstruating dolls and multipurpose panties that absorb urine and can double as a dildo. Pepi also begins to write a script which will be the story of lesbian lovers Luci and Bom. The chauvinist policeman is desperately looking for his wife. Meanwhile he takes advantage of naive neighbor Charo, who is in love with Juan, his twin brother. Pretending to be Juan, the policeman sexually assaults Charo. Finally, the policeman finds Luci coming out of a disco and kidnaps her from her two friends. He gives Luci a terrible beating that sends her to the hospital, where Pepi and Bom visit her. They quickly realize that they have lost Luci. She has decided to return to the person who mistreats her best – her sadistic and tyrannical husband. His brutality is what Luci has always wanted. Bruised and bandaged in her hospital bed, Luci tells Bom she is returning to him for a life of abuse. Bom is lost without Luci and laments that pop is also out of fashion. Pepi has the solution to both problems. Bom should move in with Pepi as her bodyguard and start singing boleros.'] ['Presenting a vast chronicle of life on the remote Kurage Island, the film centres on the disgraced, superstitious, interbred Futori family and the Tokyo engineer sent to supervise the creation of a new well for the Sugar Mill — an encounter which leads to both conflict and complicity in strange and powerful ways.'] ['The film begins with a scene in which the Palestinians and Jews are both snapping, similar to the opening scene of West Side Story. The two parties head in to their own stands and sing about their own family-owned falafel stands, Hummus Hut and Kosher King . During the day, Hummus Hut employee Fatima and Kosher King relative David are daydreaming about each other . When Fatima rushes to give a customer his forgotten leftovers, she has a chance encounter with David, and they realize their mutual attraction. Upon returning to the shop, Fatima finds the Kosher King Jews have built a large machine that encroaches onto their property. The head of Hummus Hut throws a rock into the machine, making it malfuncton, provoking a standoff between the two families . Ariel, head of the Kosher King, decides he is going to build a wall. After they leave, David and Fatima stay, and David plans to come to her balcony tonight. The construction begins, and the Palestinians plan to end it abruptly . As such happens, David goes to Fatima\'s house , wanting to kiss her, but Fatima refuses, saying it will only escalate the conflict. They head over to stop the fight. As they do, it is revealed to Fatima\'s family that they are in love. The following fight tips over a canister of gasoline, causing the entire stand to catch fire. David goes to warn the Israelis, who celebrate - until an ember reaches the Kosher King, which proceeds to catch on fire. As the Hummus Hut denizens celebrate, Fatima points out to everyone that they are only making their lives worse. The next morning, expectant falafel customers are oblivious to the fire, and still want food. Ahmed and Ariel have nothing, but David and Fatima scrape together some of the remaining food, merging the two falafel stands. After the others are working, David and Fatima kiss. At the very end, Fatima asks what will happen if their families cannot stop fighting. David says he will "take you to a place called... Beverly Hills", alluding to the song "Somewhere" in West Side Story.'] ["A drunken college student invites a dance hostess to the big college dance and then forgets he asked her. When she shows up at school, he tries to get rid of her, but she won't leave. Instead she stays and shows up both him and his classmates snooty dates."] ["Ermo is a hardworking village woman in the northern province of Hebei, who makes noodles to feed her husband and child. When her neighbor buys a brand new television, she is consumed by dreams of owning one herself. Desperate to own the largest television in the village, she becomes obsessive in her desire to earn money, eventually leaving the village to work in town. Her efforts to earn enough money damages her health and her relationship with her family. The film demonstrates new trends and changes the Chinese society is experiencing during the reform era and the difference attitudes between those who join the capitalist race and those who remain behind. Ermo becomes a wise merchant  and a consumer full of aspirations, while her elder husband still drinks his Chinese medicine and sees himself as the former head of village, a role which was meaningful during the Mao era. While Ermo is becoming more and more attracted to Xiazi , her business-oriented neighbor, and the lifestyle he represents, her husband remains impotent, both physically and metaphorically. As the film progresses it is evident that the competent capitalist-minded characters also do not find satisfaction, though it is clear that those who doesn't join the race are completely irrelevant in the modern society."] ['Most of the movie is told as flashback: Puff  testifies to Congress, Lila Jute  tells her story to the police, while a dead Nathan Bronfman  addresses an unseen audience in the netherworld. Lila is a woman with a rare hormonal imbalance which causes thick hair to grow all over her body. During her 20s, Lila decides to leave society and live within nature where she feels free to exist comfortably in her natural state. She writes a successful book about her naked, savage, happy, and free life in the woods embracing nature. Then, at age 30, strong sexual desire causes her to return to civilization and have her hair removed in order to find a partner. The partner she finds is Dr. Nathan Bronfman, a psychologist researching the possibility of teaching table manners to mice. Lila and Nathan go hiking in the woods one day. Lila sights a naked man in the woods who has believed himself to be an ape his entire life. Lila discards her clothes and chases him until he\'s cornered on a tree branch. The man falls off the branch and fall unconscious as Nathan comes along. Nathan brings this man to his lab where the man is named Puff. This name is after his French research assistant, Gabrielle\'s  childhood dog. We discover later from her phone call to an unknown person that she is actually an American with a fake French accent. First with the help of Gabrielle and later with Lila’s help, Nathan performs extensive manner training on Puff, so that he can speak and go through the motions of appreciating high culture, though he still has difficulty controlling sexual urges. To demonstrate his success, Nathan takes Puff on tour. Puff secretly drinks heavily and patronizes prostitutes. Meanwhile, Nathan and Lila\'s relationship deteriorates and Nathan has an affair with Gabrielle. Eventually Lila decides to take Puff back into the forest to undo his manner training and return him to his natural state. Lila and Puff live naked in the woods together until Nathan finds them one day and Puff kills Nathan. Lila turns herself in as the murderer and asks Puff to testify on the waywardness of humanity before he returns to his home in the forest. After the reporters and spectators leave, Puff comes back out of the forest and gets into a car with Gabrielle. They both drive off to get food . At the end of the movie, there is a philosophical passage read while the credits appear. It is an excerpt of William of Ockham from Opera Theologica in which Ockham explains his theory of intuitive cognition.Opera Theologica p.31 "Intuitive cognition is such that when some things are cognized, of which one inheres in the other, or one is spatially distant from the other, or exists in some relation to the other, immediately in virtue of that non-propositional cognition of those things, it is known if the thing inheres or does not inhere, if it is spatially distant or not, and the same for other true contingent propositions, unless that cognition is flawed or there is some impediment. [Opera Theologica I, p. 31]"'] ['A nameless unemployed drifter, referred to as "Nada" , finds construction work in Los Angeles and befriends fellow worker Frank Armitage , who leads him to a local shantytown soup kitchen. There Nada notices strange activity around the church; a blind preacher rouses others to awaken, a police helicopter scouts them overhead and a homeless drifter  complains when the TV signal is continually interrupted by a bearded man informing about those in power. Nada discovers the church is a front: the choir is actually an audio recording next to scientific apparatus, while cardboard boxes fill the room. Nada finds another box hidden in the wall but escapes when the preacher catches him. At night, police bulldoze the shantytown and attack its fleeing inhabitants. Nada returns in the morning to find the church empty, but procures the untouched hidden box. At an alleyway he opens it to find it contains black sunglasses and takes a pair. Nada discovers the sunglasses are special; looking through them he sees the reality of the bleak world. The media and advertising actually contain totalitarian commands of obedience and conformity in consumerism, to control an unwitting human population . Many with authority and wealth are actually humanoid aliens with grotesque skull-like faces. At a store Nada confronts an alien woman and she speaks into a wristwatch notifying others about him. Two alien police officers apprehend Nada but he kills them, taking their guns and going on a shooting spree against aliens in a bank, while one vanishes using its wristwatch. Nada escapes, destroying an alien flying camera and taking Cable 54 assistant director Holly Thompson  hostage. At her hill-top home, Nada tries convincing her of the truth while suffering a headache from the glasses. Instead, Holly knocks him through her window and calls the police. Nada tumbles down and escapes, leaving his belongings behind. Nada returns to the alleyway and saves the sunglasses box from a garbage truck. Frank meets him to hand him his wage, but wishes for no further involvement as Nada is now a wanted man. Nada is forced to fistfight Frank to make him wear the glasses. After he finally does, the two rent a hotel to discuss their predicament. Gilbert , a member of the shantytown, notifies them about a secret meeting with other activists. There, Nada and Frank are given updated contact lenses to replace their glasses. They learn from the bearded man\'s broadcast that the aliens control Earth as their third world, causing global warming as they deplete its resources before moving onto other planets. The aliens use a signal to camouflage themselves; destroying its source will allow everyone on Earth to see their true form. Frank is given an alien wristwatch, a complex radio and teleportation device. Holly appears, apparently joining the cause and apologizes to Nada. However the police attack the meeting, killing anyone in sight, while Nada and Frank are cornered fighting their way out. Frank accidentally opens a temporary portal by throwing the watch, through which the two jump into a network of underground passages. The two find the aliens in a grand hall celebrating with their elite human collaborators. The homeless drifter from earlier, now a well-dressed collaborator, believes the two to be collaborators as well. He takes them on a tour of the passages, revealed to link the alien society, including a space travel port. A further passage leads to the basement of Cable 54 station: the source of the signal. The collaborator escapes by teleporting as the two attack their way through the building to find the broadcaster on the roof, meeting Holly and taking her along. As Nada climbs to the signal broadcaster, disguised as a satellite dish, Holly kills Frank. Revealed to be a collaborator, she takes aim at Nada along with an alien police helicopter, persuading him to stop. Nada drops his gun, but then retrieves a hidden pistol from his sleeve and kills Holly. He then shoots and destroys the broadcaster before being killed by the aliens, giving them the finger as his last gesture. With the signal destroyed, humans discover the aliens in their midst.'] ['Ten stories, each inspired by one of the Ten Commandments: ;1 "Thou Shalt Worship No God Before Me A guy  becomes a celebrity after falling out of a plane and becoming permanently embedded in the ground. After a swift rise to stardom, he becomes prideful and arrogant, referring to himself as a god. His career falls apart and he loses everything. His fiancée  leaves him for a TV anchor man. ;2 "Thou Shalt Not Take the Lord\'s Name in Vain" A librarian  has a sexual awakening in Mexico with a swarthy local  who turns out to be Jesus Christ. She eventually settles down and marries her coworker , but is secretly reminded of her fling with Jesus whenever her family prays before a meal. ;3 "Thou Shalt Not Murder" A doctor  kills his patient by leaving a pair of scissors inside her abdomen during surgery. Despite expecting the charges to be dropped because he left the scissors in "as a goof", the judge and jury sentence him to life in prison. The judge also disbars the plaintiff\'s lawyer, who is then told that he should consider a job as a tour guide at the local nuclear plant. ;4 "Honor Thy Mother and Thy Father" A white mother  enlists an Arnold Schwarzenegger impersonator  to be a father figure to her black children after telling them he is their biological father. It is revealed that their father is in reality Arsenio Hall, but they decide to keep the Arnold impersonator as part of the family; despite not being able to imitate Arsenio, he can do a pretty good Eddie Murphy impression. ;5 "Thou Shalt Not Covet Thy Neighbor\'s Goods" A police detective  covets his neighbor\'s  CAT Scan machine. After continuously buying additional CAT Scan machines to one up each other, both of their wives leave them. After hitting rock bottom, the two neighbors reconcile and go out for a drink. Meanwhile, a disaster at a nuclear power plant during a school tour  leaves a busload of school children in need of several CAT Scan machines. They arrive at the neighbors\' houses but the doors are locked and the two men are at the bar, so all the children die. ;6 "Thou Shalt Not Covet Thy Neighbor\'s Wife" A prisoner  desires a fellow inmate\'s "bitch"  for his own. ;7 "Thou Shalt Not Steal" The woman  from the first story, having recently married the TV anchor man, falls in love with a ventriloquist\'s puppet, steals it and runs off to have a romantic relationship with it. ;8 "Thou Shalt Not Bear False Witness" The ventriloquist, having lost his dummy and become a homeless heroin addict, is told by another homeless man a story about an animated rhinoceros  who earns a reputation as a liar. After learning that a band of weiner dogs is intent on infecting others with a fatal STD, the rhinoceros tries to warn everyone. Unfortunately, nobody believes him, and they all succumb to the STD  and die. It is then revealed that the rhinoceros now sells drugs to the homeless men. ;9 "Thou Shalt Not Commit Adultery" Jeff Reigert  presents all of these stories to the audience, while struggling with his own moral dilemma: having to choose between his beautiful wife  and his also beautiful but somewhat younger mistress . ;10 "Remember the Sabbath and Keep It Holy" The husband from the second story  skips church with his family to get naked with his friends and listen to Roberta Flack.'] ['Marty Malt  is an unhappy garbage man who moonlights as an atrociously unfunny standup comic. He lives in a dark, grimy, garbage-strewn urban netherworld, where a company named Blump\'s apparently owns everything. His best friend and fellow trash collector, Gus , is the only one who laughs at his jokes, and his sincerity is questionable. The obnoxiously exuberant Gus plays an accordion, which he always carries with him. Marty is seeing Rosarita , a waitress, but she doesn\'t seem too interested in him. One day, Gus convinces a talent agent, Jackie Chrome , to check out Marty\'s act. Jackie isn\'t impressed. Marty\'s luck seems to take a turn for the worse when a large lump starts growing on his back. He goes to a quack doctor , who calls him a wimp and puts a Band-Aid on the lump. The lump continues to grow, eventually becoming a full-sized arm. While Gus uses Marty\'s newfound freakishness to impress his morbidly obese girlfriends, a horrified Rosarita breaks up with Marty, and he gets fired from the club where he does his act. Marty is despondent until Gus brings him to see Jackie, who, it turns out, has always dreamed of finding a real three-armed comic. Re-christened "Desi the Three-Armed Wonder Comic," and with Gus now providing musical accompaniment, Marty gets a fresh start on his career. Marty and Gus have a few semi-successful shows and eventually meet Hollywood talent agent Dirk Delta , who offers them a job. Marty, Gus and Jackie celebrate this big break and everything seems to be looking up until Marty wakes up the following morning and discovers his third arm has inexplicably vanished. He goes with Gus to see Jackie, who is furious at first but calms down and decides to tell Dirk the truth upon Marty\'s suggestion. After calling Dirk and telling him the bad news, Dirk surprisingly asks them to send Gus to fill the spot with his accordion playing. Gus is ecstatic and leaves almost immediately. Marty is sad but gets his job back at the club and uses the story of his third arm in his act and finally gets a few laughs from the crowd.'] ['The film centers on the relationship between Lady Mary Loam , a British aristocrat, and her butler, Crichton. Crichton fancies a romance with Mary, but she disdains him because of his lower social class. When the two and some others are shipwrecked on a desert island, they are left to fend for themselves in a state of nature. The aristocrats\' abilities to survive are far worse than those of Crichton, and a role reversal ensues, with the butler becoming a king among the stranded group. Crichton and Mary are about to wed on the island when the group is rescued. Upon returning to Britain, Crichton chooses not to marry Mary; instead, he asks a maid, Tweeny , to marry him, and the two move to the United States. The film contains two famous scenes, indicative of de Mille\'s predilections as a filmmaker. An early scene depicts Gloria Swanson bathing in an elaborate setting, attended by two maids, lavishing her with rose-water and bath salts, silk dressing gown and luxurious towels. Toward the end of the film, a fantasy sequence about ancient Babylon shows Swanson posed as Gabriel von Max\'s famous painting, "The Lion\'s Bride", which involved her being photographed with an actual lion.'] ['Dr. Sidney Schaefer , a psychiatrist, is chosen by the U.S. Government to act as the President’s top-secret personal psychoanalyst, through Don Masters , a Central Enquiries Agency  assassin who vetted Dr. Schaefer while undergoing psychoanalysis. The decision to choose Schaefer is against the advice of Henry Lux , the director of the all-male, under-five-foot-six-inch Federal Bureau of Regulation . Dr. Schaefer is given a home in affluent Georgetown and assigned a comfortable office connected to the White House by a tunnel. From this location he is to be on call at all hours to fit the President\'s hectic schedule. However, the President\'s Analyst has one problem: There is no one to whom he can talk about the President\'s ultra-top-secret and personal problems. As he steadily becomes overwhelmed by stress, Schaefer begins to feel that he is being watched everywhere&nbsp;&mdash; which is actually true&nbsp;&mdash; until he becomes clinically paranoid; he even suspects his sweet girlfriend Nan  of spying on him&nbsp;&mdash; also true&nbsp;&mdash; as an agent of the CEA. Schaefer goes on the lam with the help of a "typical" American family of gun-toting liberals who defend him against foreign agents attempting to kidnap him off the streets. He escapes with the help of a hippie tribe, led by the "Old Wrangler" , as spies from all over the world attempt to kidnap him for the secret information the President has confided to him. Meanwhile, agents from the FBR seek him out on orders to liquidate him as a national security risk. Eventually, he is found and kidnapped by Canadian Secret Service agents masquerading as a British pop group. Schaefer is rescued from the Canadians and an FBR assassin by Kropotkin , a KGB agent who intends to spirit him away to Russia. Kropotkin has second thoughts about his plan, following a psychoanalysis session with the doctor, during which Kropotkin begins to come to terms with his unrealized hatred of his KGB-chief father. Now feeling he needs the good doctor\'s help to continue his self-analysis, he instead returns him to U.S. soil. Kropotkin arranges a pickup with his trusted CEA colleague Don Masters, but Schaeffer is kidnapped again&nbsp;&mdash; this time by The Phone Company , a far more insidious organization than the FBR or KGB, which has been observing him throughout the film. Taken to TPC\'s headquarters in New Jersey, he is introduced to the head of TPC , who wants Dr. Schaefer\'s help in carrying out their plan. TPC has developed a "modern electronic miracle", the Cerebrum Communicator , a microelectronic device that can communicate wirelessly with any other CC in the world. Once implanted in the brain, the user need only think of the number of the person they wish to reach, and are instantly connected, thus eliminating the need for The Phone Company\'s massive and expensive-to-maintain wired infrastructure.  For this to work, every human being will be assigned a number instead of a name, and the CC prenatally implanted. Dr. Schaefer is "requested" to assist TPC by blackmailing the President into pushing through the required legislation. Masters and Kropotkin use their superspy abilities to come to Schaefer\'s rescue. They hand Schaefer an M16 rifle that Schaefer gleefully uses on The Phone Company\'s security staff. The three emerge victorious from the ensuing bloodbath, but months later, as Dr. Schaefer and his spy friends are enjoying a Christmas reunion, animatronic executives from TPC look on approvingly, while "Joy to the World" plays in the background.'] [' Modern Times portrays Chaplin as a factory worker employed on an assembly line. After being subjected to such indignities as being force-fed by a "modern" feeding machine and an accelerating assembly line where he screws nuts at an ever-increasing rate onto pieces of machinery, he suffers a nervous breakdown and runs amok, throwing the factory into chaos. He is sent to a hospital. Following his recovery, the now unemployed factory worker is mistakenly arrested as an instigator in a Communist demonstration. In jail, he accidentally ingests smuggled cocaine, mistaking it for salt. In his subsequent delirium, he stumbles upon a jailbreak and knocks out the convicts. He is hailed a hero and is released. Outside the jail, he discovers life is harsh, and tries to get arrested after failing to get a decent job. He runs into an orphaned gamine girl , who is fleeing the police after stealing a loaf of bread. To save the girl, he tells police that he is the thief and ought to be arrested. A witness reveals his deception and he is freed. To get arrested again, he eats an enormous amount of food at a cafeteria without paying. He meets up with the gamine in the paddy wagon, which crashes, and the girl convinces the reluctant factory worker to escape with her. Dreaming of a better life, he gets a job as a night watchman at a department store, sneaks the gamine into the store, and even lets burglars have some food. Waking up the next morning in a pile of clothes, he is arrested once more. Ten days later, the gamine takes him to a new home—a run-down shack that she admits "isn\'t Buckingham Palace" but will do. The next morning, the factory worker reads about a new factory and lands a job there. He gets his boss trapped in machinery, but manages to extricate him. The other workers decide to go on strike. Accidentally paddling a brick into a policeman, he is arrested again. Two weeks later, he is released and learns that the gamine is a café dancer. She tries to get him a job as a singer. By night, he becomes an efficient waiter though he finds it difficult to tell the difference between the "in" and "out" doors to the kitchen, or to successfully deliver a roast duck to table through a busy dance floor. During his floor show, he loses a cuff that bears the lyrics of his song, but he rescues his act by improvising the story using an amalgam of word play, words in  multiple languages and mock sentence structure while pantomiming. His act proves a hit. When police arrive to arrest the gamine for her earlier escape, they escape again. Finally, we see them walking down a road at dawn, towards an uncertain but hopeful future.'] ['Three young women &mdash; Kelly MacNamara , Casey Anderson , and Petronella "Pet" Danforth  &mdash; perform in a rock band, The Kelly Affair, managed by Harris Allsworth , Kelly\'s boyfriend. The four travel to Los Angeles to find Kelly\'s estranged aunt, Susan Lake , heiress to a family fortune. Susan welcomes Kelly and her friends, even promising a third of her inheritance to her niece, but Susan\'s sleazy financial advisor Porter Hall  discredits them as "hippies" in an attempt to embezzle her fortune himself. Undeterred, Susan introduces The Kelly Affair to a flamboyant, well-connected rock producer, Ronnie "Z-Man" Barzell , who coaxes them into an impromptu performance at one of his outrageous parties . The band is so well-received that {{nowrap}} becomes their Svengali-style manager, changing their name to The Carrie Nations and starting a long-simmering feud with Harris. Kelly drifts away from Harris and takes up with Lance Rocke , a high-priced gigolo who pursued her with designs on her inheritance. Harris fends off the aggressive attentions of porn star Ashley St. Ives , but after losing Kelly weakly allows Ashley to seduce him. Ashley soon tires of his uptight nature and inability to perform sexually due to increasing drug and alcohol intake. Harris descends further into heavy drug and alcohol use, leading to a drug-addled one-night stand with Casey which results in pregnancy. Casey, distraught at getting pregnant and wary of men\'s foibles, has a lesbian affair with clothes designer Roxanne , who urges her to have an abortion. Petronella has a seemingly enchanted romance with law student Emerson Thorne . After a meet-cute at {{nowrap}} party, they are shown running slow-motion through golden fields and frolicking in a haystack. Their fairy-tale romance frays when Pet sleeps with Randy Black , a violent prize fighter who beats up Emerson and tries to run him down with a car. A drunk Harris challenges Lance to a fight. After Lance beats him severely, Kelly ends her affair with Lance. Susan Lake is reunited with her former fiancé Baxter Wolfe ([[Charles Napier . The Carrie Nations release records and continue to perform successfully, despite constant touring and drug use. Upset at being pushed to the sidelines, Harris attempts suicide by leaping from the rafters of a sound stage during a television appearance by the band. Harris survives the fall but becomes paraplegic from his injuries. Kelly devotes much time to caring for him. Emerson forgives Petronella for her infidelity. Casey and Roxanne have a steamy, intimate romance. But this idyllic existence ends when {{nowrap}} invites Casey, Roxanne, and Lance to a psychedelic-fueled party at his house. After revealing he has female breasts and trying to seduce Lance, who spurns him, {{nowrap}} goes on a murderous rampage: he beheads Lance with a sword , stabs his servant Otto ([[Henry Rowland  to death, and shoots Casey and Roxanne, killing them. Responding to a desperate phone call Casey made shortly before her death, Kelly, Harris, Pet, and Emerson arrive at {{nowrap}} house and try to subdue him. Petronella is wounded in the melee, which ends in {{nowrap}} death. After a preachy, satirical voice-over monologue during scenes of Kelly and Harris  hiking on a log over a creek &mdash; which Roger Ebert credits to Russ Meyer\'s "sick sense of humor"{{Cite quote}} &mdash; the film ends with the wedding of three couples, Kelly and Harris, Pet and Emerson, and Susan and Baxter Wolfe, with Porter Hall observing from outside the court house window.'] ['In the year 1750, England is rife with crime and highway robbers. In order to stop the wave of chaos, King George sets up the first professional police force named the Bow Street Runners, under the command of the bellowing Sir Roger Daley , and seconded by Captain Desmond Fancey  and Sergeant Jock Strapp ([[Jack Douglas . The Runners are apparently successful in wiping out crime and lawlessness – using all manner of traps and tricks to round the criminals up. However their main target is the notorious Richard "Big Dick" Turpin , a highwayman who has evaded capture and succeeded in even robbing Sir Roger and his prim wife  of their money and clothing. After this humiliation, Turpin becomes the Bow Street Runners\' most wanted man, and thus Captain Fancey is assigned to go undercover and catch the famous Dick Turpin and bring him to justice. The Bow Street Runners nearly succeed in apprehending Turpin and his two partners in crime, Harriet  and Tom , one evening as they hold up a coach carrying faux-Frenchwoman Madame Desiree , and her not so virginal daughters, "The Birds of Paradise." However, Turpin manages to overpower the Runners and flee. Outraged by Strapp\'s incompetence, Captain Fancey travels with the sergeant to the province of Denture, where the majority of Turpin\'s hold-ups are carried out. There they encounter the mild-mannered Reverend Flasher, who is really Turpin in disguise, with Tom as his church assistant and Harriet as his maidservant. They confide in the rector their true identities and their scheme to apprehend Turpin. They agree to meet at the seedy Old Cock Inn, a notorious hang-out for criminals and sleazy types, and where Desiree and her showgirls are performing. Fancey and Strapp pose as two on the run crooks - and Strapp dubs his superior "Dandy Desmond" - and they hear from the greasy old hag, Maggie , a midwife who removed buckshot from Turpin\'s buttock, that Turpin has a curious birthmark on his manhood. Strapp wastes no time in carrying out an inspection in the public convenience of the Old Cock Inn. When the rector arrives, he discovers their knowledge of the birthmark, and sweet talks Desiree into assisting him with the capture of "Turpin", whom the rector has told Desiree is actually Fancey, who is sitting downstairs in the bar. She lures him to her room and attempts to undress him, with the help of her wild daughters. The girls pull down his breeches but fail to find an incriminating birthmark, and Desmond staggers half-undressed into the bar. Strapp is also dumped into a horse trough for peeping at the men in the toilets. Strapp and Fancey send a message to Sir Roger about the birthmark, and are accosted by Harriet in disguise who tells them to meet Turpin that night at ten o\'clock. Meanwhile, Tom tells the local constable that he knows where Turpin will be that night - at the location Harriet told Strapp and Fancey to wait. Thus, they are imprisoned as Turpin and his mate, and Sir Roger is yet again robbed on his way to see the prisoners. However things fall apart when the rector\'s housekeeper, Martha Hoggett  begins to put two and two together when Mrs Giles , apparently sick and used for a cover-up story for Dick\'s raids, is seen fit and well at the church jumble sale. Later that day, Harriet is caught at the Old Cock Inn where Fancey, Strapp and Daley are meeting and Fancey recognises her as the "man" who conned them into being caught. She is chased into Desiree\'s room and is told to undress to show the infamous birthmark. However, they soon realise she is a woman and are prepared to let her go, but lock her up after Lady Daley recognises a bracelet that Harriet is wearing as one Turpin stole from her. With the net tightening, the Reverend Flasher gives an elongated sermon before outwitting his would-be captors and making a speedy getaway, with Harriett and Tom, across the border.'] ['An unnamed president  is running for reelection during a divisive war, and one of his speech writers, David Murch (Jon Tenney (The Stepfather, [[Legion , goes on TV to speak with talk show host Marty Clark  and strident right-wing sexpot  Jane Cleaver . Another guest is Janet Hofstader , the Cindy Sheehan-like mother of a dead soldier, who demands to know what her son died for. Murch gets a bit teary-eyed and explains that he lost his older brother Philip  in Vietnam. "Believe me," he tells the grieving mom, "if I had one wish, I would wish for your son to come back, because I know he would tell us how important this struggle is." Cleaver is so impressed with Murch\'s handling of the situation that she takes him out for a drink later, picks his brain, and eventually seduces him. The Karl Rove-like Kurt Rand  interrupts their tryst, calling to let Murch know that the president plans to make his line part of his stump speech.  Soon, the soldiers killed in Iraq do start returning from the dead, and it doesn\'t go the way Murch predicted. They are not back to feast on the living, but unhappily for the president and his supporters, they just want a chance to vote in the upcoming election. "We\'ll vote for anyone who ends this war," one explains. The spin machine goes into overdrive, but the dead are determined to make their voice heard even going as far as one soldier killing Kurt Rand by acting out the zombie stereotype  when Rand tried to force him to sign an unwanted document by threatening the soldier\'s mother. While voting results are being counted during the election, people within the current administration decide to skew the results so the current administration remains in power. After the election results are broadcast, more soldiers begin to return from the dead - but not just ones from Iraq: Soldiers begin to return from World War I and II, the Vietnam War, the Civil War, and etc. Eventually all of the people who died during war time to protect the United States of America have returned from the dead. The progress of the movie also reveals a shadowy mistake from Murch\'s past. He believed that his brother Philip was murdered in the Vietnam War only to discover that it was he who unintentionally killed him long ago with a gun in a game of "friend or foe". After Cleaver attacks the soldiers with her shotgun, Murch kills her, but fails to kill himself. Murch is countered by a soldier that asks him to join them, saying "We\'re looking for a few good men." Philip is among those returning from the grave, saying he forgives Murch for killing him, and then snaps Murch\'s neck. Now one of the zombies, Murch announces that he will show anyone who sends their brothers and sisters to die for a lie the true face of hell.'] ["Lester Burnham  is a middle-aged magazine writer who despises his job. His wife, Carolyn , is an ambitious real-estate broker; their sixteen-year-old daughter, Jane , abhors her parents and has low self-esteem. The Burnhams' new neighbors are retired United States Marine Corps Colonel Frank Fitts ([[Chris Cooper  and his introverted wife, Barbara ; their teenage son, Ricky , is a secret marijuana smoker and drug dealer whom the colonel subjects to a strict disciplinarian lifestyle. Ricky, who had been forced into a military academy and mental hospital, spends time recording his surroundings with a camcorder; he keeps dozens of taped videos in his bedroom. Lester becomes infatuated with Jane's cheerleader friend, Angela Hayes , after seeing her perform a half-time dance routine at a high school basketball game. He begins to have sexual fantasies about Angela, during which red rose petals are a recurring motif. Carolyn begins an affair with a business rival, Buddy Kane . When Lester is about to be laid off his job, he blackmails his boss for $60,000 and quits, taking employment serving fast food. He buys his dream car  and starts working out after he overhears Angela tell Jane that she would find him sexually attractive if he improved his physique. He begins smoking marijuana bought from Ricky and flirts with Angela whenever she visits Jane. Jane becomes involved with Ricky and they bond over what Ricky considers the most beautiful imagery he has filmed: a plastic bag dancing in the wind."] ['Thathachari  narrates a small anecdote of Sultan Muhammad bin Tughluq emphasizing on how the king had an arrogant attitude, indifferent view towards his kingdom and subjects, how he treated his guests and also the kind of plans he introduced that backfired. When his son Rangachari  goes on a mission to research on Tughluq, he finds a buried coffin that contains Thugluq , and his accomplice Ibn Batuta alive inside. They claim that they are the true Thugluq and Batuta buried several centuries ago along with a herb that has protected them and kept them alive until 1968 A.D.  Thugluq becomes a national sensation and is welcomed in all grandeur to Rangachari\'s house. He is interviewed by many newspaper journalists to whom he answers in a very sarcastic attitude. He learns the changes of the past centuries in almost four days and mocks that the advancements are no more than four days\' advancement. He decides to contest in elections to become the Prime Minister of India. In his good faith, Thanikachalam, an old freedom fighter, and his daughter Gandhimadhi ([[Manorama  volunteer to help taking part in his political rallies. In his political campaigns, Thughluq makes a mockery of all of the other politician contenstants  and in a satiric tone asking the people to vote for him. Thugluq eventually wins the elections and forms a cabinet of ministers announcing that anyone who joins his party will become the Deputy Prime Minister. A total of 450 people join his party and all of them are made Deputy Prime Ministers. At the news being announced at radio the masses become very happy. A few people  even go as far as wagering and jumping with joy. The Rangachari family also become very overwhelmed at it. Thugluq appoints the naive Gandhimadhi as one of his ministers. She initially does not understand the street-smart nature of the political world and shows an innocent face to the people she meets. Tughluq shows a self-opinionated attitude to the cabinet ministers and lends a deaf year to all their proposals. He instead makes foolish plans to tackle the country\'s problems that neither makes sense nor solve the problems in question. For example, to solve the problem of which language  should be the national language, he suggests a foreign language of Persian must be the language claiming that it is new to Indians and it will not be a partial decision for both parties. In an attempt to abolish bribery and corruption he legalizes them so that they do not become a problem. When there is a calamity for his decisions he makes a direct speech to the people through radio, to request peace and promises to look into the problem . Gandhimadhi slowly learns all the trickery of politics and gets indulged in bribery. She rises to a very pompous lifestyle as opposed to her previous poverty-ridden one. She is now able to take good care of a few children in her care and also celebrates her birthday in a lavish style. Venniradai Moorthy plays a cameo as a singer in her birthday party. Her father  gets bedridden and is dying. When Gandhimadhi comes down to meet him he hands her over a letter, and asks her to deliver it to Thugluq or Batuta on December 31 that year. He further says that herself or anyone else must not read this letter and must be given to Thugluq with utmost secrecy. She promises him on it. He eventually dies. Back in Delhi, Thugluq and Batuta have a small talk in solitude. In a twist ending, it is revealed that both are actually college students , who in an interest to reform the country have acted as Thugluq and Batuta. Both with the help of their guru Thanikachalam, took an oath before Goddess Kali that they would surrender themselves of their crime, on December 31 before the people. They hid themselves in a coffin on the site in Daulatabad, where Prof. Rangachari would take up his research, and start impersonating from there on. They believed that after this incident, the people would contemplate on this matter and cause a revolution that would change the state of affairs to come. However Mahadevan alias Thugluq suggests that they maintain the status quo and live a prosperous life for themselves. Mahadevan, corrupt through his exposure to politics now refuses to accept that he is Mahadevan and still calls himself Thugluq. However Raghavan  is now stubborn on revealing their true colours. Raghavan approaches Gandhimadhi to get the letter, her father gave her. The letter is a written confession of the details of the trio\'s plan signed by Mahadevan himself and posted to Thanikachalam. This letter is now the only evidence to reveal Thugluq\'s true colours. However, Gandhimadhi, now knowing the ways of the world, refuses to hand over the letter because, if she does even she will be in trouble for supporting both of them. She instead throws the letter into the hearth. Raghavan attempts to explain everything to the cabinet ministers and later to the masses, however, Thugluq states that his "good friend" Batuta has gone insane suddenly and asks everyone not to believe him. He further tricks the people, through his words, to kill Batuta, with whom dies their secret.'] ['After entering a local "drag queen of the year" contest in New York City, Noxeema Jackson  and Vida Boheme  win a trip to Hollywood to take part in an even bigger, national drag queen contest. Before they depart, Vida persuades Noxeema to take along the inexperienced \'drag princess\' Chi-Chi Rodriguez  as their protégé . To do this, they trade in their airplane tickets for cash and buy a stylish but old Cadillac convertible with money given to them by John Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt . The three of them set off for Los Angeles by car, carrying with them an iconic photo of Julie Newmar  that Vida purloined from a restaurant wall. While on the road they are pulled over by the racist, homophobic Sheriff Dollard , who tries to force himself onto Vida. He discovers Vida is not biologically female and, in the commotion, Dollard falls backwards and is knocked unconscious. The trio think he is dead, and they hurry off and leave him behind. As they recover from the incident at a rest stop, their car breaks down. A young man, Bobby Ray  from the nearby small town of Snydersville, happens by and gives them a ride, where they take refuge in a bed and breakfast owned by Carol Ann  and her abusive car repairman husband, Virgil . The drag queens become stranded in the town for the weekend as they wait for the replacement part for their car to arrive. While there, they are confronted by the town\'s small-mindedness, though it focuses not on their Genderqueer identities, but rather on their status as females, which addresses the social difficulties faced by those who are not white heterosexual males. Chi-Chi is harassed by a group of roughnecks, but is saved by Bobby Ray. The drag queens are ecstatic to find vintage fashions from the 1960s in the town\'s clothing store and give the town\'s female residents  a make-over. Following their make-over, the group is abused by the same roughnecks that attempted to attack Chi-Chi. Fed up, Noxeema handles the situation in a typically New York manner and teaches their ringleader a lesson in manners. Vida, Noxeema, and Chi-Chi do what they can to be positive, and they set out to improve the lives of the townspeople, including offering assistance in organizing the annual "Strawberry Social" event. Meanwhile, Sheriff Dollard is ridiculed by his colleagues, who believe he was beat up by a girl. He goes in search of the drag queens. Vida, meanwhile, becomes acutely aware of Carol Ann\'s abuse at the hands of her husband Virgil and, shortly thereafter, the three queens overhear Virgil giving Carol Ann another beating. Vida decides to intervene and beats up Virgil before throwing him out of the house. The next day, Virgil runs into Sheriff Dollard at a bar and the two realize that the newcomers to town are the same people Dollard has been searching for. They head back to Snydersville, and Dollard demands that the townspeople turn over the drag queens. However, the townspeople, who now realize the biological gender of their new friends, begin to protect them. One by one they step up and confront Dollard, each one claiming to be a drag queen (in similar fashion as in the film [[Spartacus . Dollard is humiliated and flees. The Strawberry Social commences with everyone dressed in vibrant red outfits for the party. Shortly after, Carol Ann repairs their car and the three queens are finally able to leave Snydersville, though they are now slightly saddened to leave behind their new friends. Carol Ann reveals to Vida that she knew Vida was a drag queen all along due to her Adam\'s Apple, which cisgender women do not have. In honor of their friendship, Vida gives Carol Ann the photo of Julie Newmar that has accompanied the queens on their trip. The trio eventually makes it to Los Angeles where Chi-Chi, after having received many tips from Vida and Noxeema during their ordeal, wins the title of Drag Queen of the Year. Fittingly, the crown is presented by Julie Newmar herself.'] ['{{Plot}} In an unspecified future , Barbarella  is assigned by the President of Earth ([[Claude Dauphin  to retrieve Doctor Durand Durand  from the planet Tau Ceti. Durand Durand is the inventor of the Positronic Ray, a weapon. Earth is now a peaceful planet, and weapons are unheard of. Because Tau Ceti is an unknown region of space there is the potential for the weapon to fall into the wrong hands. Donning the first of many outfits, Barbarella sets out to find the missing scientist. She crashes on Tau Ceti, on an icy plain. Barbarella is soon knocked unconscious by two mysterious girls who hit her on the forehead with a snowball and then capture her. Barbarella is taken to the wreckage of a spaceship called the Alpha 1. Inside the wreckage, she is tied up and several children emerge from within the ship. They set out several dolls which have razor sharp teeth. As the dolls begin to bite her, Barbarella faints but is rescued by Mark Hand , the Catchman, who patrols the ice looking for errant children. While taking her back to her ship, Barbarella offers to reward Mark and he asks to make love to her. She reveals that people on Earth no longer have penetrative intercourse, but make love by consuming exaltation transference pills, and pressing their palms together when their "psychocardiograms are in perfect harmony". Hand prefers the bed, and Barbarella agrees. Hand\'s vessel makes long loops around Barbarella\'s crashed vessel while the two make love, and when it finally comes to a stop, Barbarella is blissfully humming. Hand repairs her ship, and Barbarella departs, promising to return, and agreeing that doing things the old-fashioned way is sometimes best. Barbarella\'s ship burrows through the planet, coming out next to a vast labyrinth. Upon emerging from her ship, she is knocked unconscious by a rockslide. She is found by a blind angel named Pygar . He states he is the last of the ornithanthropes, and that he has lost the ability to fly. Barbarella discovers the labyrinth is a prison for people cast out of Sogo, the City of Night. Pygar introduces her to Professor Ping , who offers to repair her ship. Ping also notes that Pygar is capable of flight, but merely lacks the will. After Pygar saves her from the Black Guards, Barbarella shows her thanks by making love to him. As she hums to herself in his nest afterwards, Pygar soars overhead, having regained his will to fly. Pygar flies Barbarella to Sogo, using some of the weaponry she brought with her to destroy the city\'s guards. Sogo is a decadent city ruled over by the Great Tyrant and powered by a liquid essence of evil called the Mathmos. Barbarella is briefly separated from Pygar, and meets a one-eyed wench who saves her from being assaulted by two of Sogo\'s residents. Barbarella soon reunites with Pygar and the two are taken by the Concierge  to meet the Great Tyrant. Pygar is left to become the Great Tyrant\'s plaything, while Barbarella is placed in a cage, to be pecked to death by birds . Barbarella is rescued by Dildano , leader of the resistance to the Great Tyrant. Barbarella eagerly offers to reward him. As she begins to remove her torn suit, Dildano says he has the pill, and wants to experience love the Earth way. Dildano offers to help Barbarella find Durand Durand in exchange for her help in deposing the Great Tyrant. Barbarella is given an invisible key to the Tyrant\'s Chamber of Dreams, the only place she is vulnerable. Barbarella is captured by the Concierge and she is placed inside the Excessive Machine. As the Concierge begins to play, Barbarella experiences increasing pleasure, and her clothing is expelled from the machine. The Concierge tells her when they reach the crescendo, she will die of pleasure. He then begins to play faster and more furiously, while Barbarella writhes in ecstasy inside the machine. Eventually, the machine overloads and burns out, unable to keep up with her. Barbarella then discovers the Concierge is none other than Durand Durand, aged thirty years due to the Mathmos. Durand Durand traps Barbarella in the Tyrant\'s Chamber of Dreams, taking both keys and locking them inside. As he prepares to crown himself lord of Sogo, Dildano launches his revolution. Durand Durand uses his Positronic Ray to decimate the rebels. The Great Tyrant then releases the Mathmos, which consumes all of Sogo and Durand Durand with it. Barbarella and the Great Tyrant are protected from the Mathmos by Barbarella\'s innate goodness. They emerge from the Mathmos to find Pygar. Pygar then flies Barbarella and the Tyrant away from the Mathmos. When asked by Barbarella why he saved the Tyrant after everything she had done to him, Pygar responds, "An angel has no memory."'] ['Derwin and Derick are trench-coat wearing neo-Nazis from deprived families. When Derwin is assaulted by jocks, he and Derick form a plan to kill students at their school and then commit suicide. The pair buy two shotguns and several handguns from a black market dealer. The next day they open fire in the cafeteria, killing several people, before going to the basement, where they simultaneously kill each other. A police officer and the school principal enter the school to find a bomb . When the cop attempts to defuse it, it is implied that the bomb explodes.'] ["Gino is a humble shoe-shiner in Chicago who is contacted by a Mafia don and offered a large sum of money to take the rap for a murder committed by another gangster. Gino agrees, planning to buy a fishing boat with the money he will earn after the three-year sentence. While preparing for his court confession, Gino is watched over by Jerry, a bottom-rung gangster who has recently gotten into trouble for failing to follow orders. After a short and boring stay at a local hotel, Jerry decides to give Gino one last weekend to remember at Lake Tahoe before he goes to prison. After arriving at their casino, Jerry's tall tales and Gino's quiet dignity quickly get Gino mistaken for a wealthy and powerful mafioso, leading to complications for both men."] ['A young New York woman, devastated to find out that her husband has been cheating on her, decides to hop a plane to Paris to get away. However, she falls asleep on the plane, misses her connection, and winds up in Israel, with no money, no luggage and no friends.'] ['The film is about the nature of free will, conceived and edited in a stream of consciousness style. Head begins at the dedication of a bridge. As a local politician struggles with his microphone during the dedication speech, the "wacky, fun-loving" Monkees suddenly interrupt the ceremony by running through the assembled officials, to the sound of various horns and sirens. The rest of the film shows what happened that led up to that. The four have just all kissed the same groupie, who tells them that they were indistinguishable. Throughout the film, they make their way through a series of unrelated vignettes, each being a different type of film (mystery, war, [[Western . In each one, they try to deal with the fact that they\'re four real people in a real band that makes records for real people, but are also scripted characters in a fake TV band doing nothing except exactly what the director wants them to. They continually try to prove to themselves that they\'re free and can make any choice they want. But no matter what they try — deliberately flubbing their lines, pointing out to other characters that they\'re really just actors making a film, complaining to Nicholson and Rafelson who are on the set but not part of the film, smashing through the painted paper walls, walking off the set and into the street, physically attacking other actors for no reason, and making everyone they encounter mad at them — they discover that their every word and deed was predetermined to the finest detail by the script of the movie they\'re in and the director directing it. For example, they forget their worries at a party where girls are go-go dancing. But a mirror on the wall reveals the camera shooting directly into it, recording the scene we are watching while Rafelson sits next to the camera in the mirror. At one point, Peter actually discovers the answer to the free will contradiction in their reality. The four frequently find themselves inside a large black box from which they cannot escape. The box represents the constraints of being fictional characters unable to make any real choices. Peter announces that he will talk about the nature of conceptual reality, then informs the others that "it doesn\'t matter if we\'re in the box". He realizes that the difference between free will and pre-scripted action is illusory. As long as you can do anything you want, \'it doesn\'t matter\' if your choices were known in advance by some powerful entity in a higher level of context outside the universe, because the situation in which you find yourself is identical to one in which there is no outer context and you really are free. Unfortunately, the other three pay no attention to Pete\'s liberating revelation, which they characterize as navel-contemplating nonsense, and soon, even Pete forgets about it. While being chased by everyone they\'ve encountered  in the various vignettes, they run onto a bridge, shoving people out of the way. We see that they weren\'t being "wacky" at the beginning of the film; they were desperately trying to escape being mere scripted puppets. Finally, we see that they went to the bridge to make the ultimate assertion of free will. They jump off the edge and commit suicide, falling a very long way and slamming into the water far below. However in the final scene, we see that this, too, was scripted. The film\'s director hauls their soaked bodies away in a huge aquarium while the four stare blankly through the glass, motionless under the water. Laughing, he rolls the aquarium into a slot at the studio warehouse, to be taken out when he wants to use them again in another movie.The Monkees Tale by Eric LefcowitzMonkeemania: The True Story of the Monkees by Glenn A. BakerThe Monkees: The Day-By-Day Story of the 60s TV Pop Sensation by Andrew SandovalThe film "Head"'] ["Victor Frankenstein, a cold, arrogant and womanizing genius, is angry when his father forbids him to continue his anatomy experiments. He ruthlessly murders his father by sabotaging the old man's shotgun, consequently inheriting the title of Baron von Frankenstein and the family fortune. He uses the money to enter medical school in Vienna, but is forced to return home when he impregnates the daughter of the Dean. Returning to his own castle, he sets up a laboratory and starts a series of experiments involving the revival of the dead. He eventually builds a composite body from human parts, which he then brings to life. The creature goes on a homicidal rampage until it is accidentally destroyed when a vat where it has been hidden is flooded with acid."] ['Six-String Samurai is set in an alternate history America, in which Soviet Union attacked the U.S. with nuclear weapons in 1957, making most of the country an inhospitable desert. The government has entirely collapsed, except for the Kingdom of Elvis, who rules from "Lost Vegas" to California. The Red Army has been besieging Vegas, but the lack of supplies  from the Soviet Union has caused them to degenerate into just another gang. As the movie begins, Elvis has died and a radio disc jockey Keith Mortimer announces a call for all musicians to come to Lost Vegas to try to become the new King of Rock\'n\'Roll. Buddy, implied to be the rock \'n roll legend Buddy Holly , is one of the musicians converging on Lost Vegas. Early on, he finds himself having to take care of a kid named "Kid" . While Buddy resents having to look after the Kid, the Kid turns out to be a good ally. Buddy runs into a lot of different groups, including a zombie-like, cannibalistic suburban family, \'windmill people\' who are dressed like astronauts and filthy tribals that make up most of the population. He also combats many foes, including a samurai, a bowling team of bounty-hunters, a Russian surf band , and the Russian army. Throughout his journey, Buddy is stalked by his greatest foe: a sinister Slash look-alike who is the personification of the Grim Reaper, and his grungy group of guitarists/archers; Death\'s goal is to eliminate all the King-wannabes and the conquest of Vegas.'] ["Two wounded soldiers, a Bosniak  and a Bosnian Serb  are caught between their lines in the no man's land, in a struggle for survival. The two soldiers confront each other in a trench, where they wait for dark. They trade insults and even find some common ground. Confounding the situation is another wounded Bosniak soldier  who wakes from unconsciousness. A land mine had been buried beneath him by the Bosnian Serbs; should he make any move, it would be fatal. A French sergeant , of the United Nations Protection Force , gets involved in effort to help the three trapped soldiers, despite initial orders to the contrary by high command. UNPROFOR's mission in Bosnia was to guard the humanitarian aid convoys, to remain neutral and act as a mere bystander. Luckily, an English reporter arrives on scene, bringing media pressure to bear that moves the United Nations high command to swing into action to try to save the soldiers. A row between the stressed out and fatigued Čiki and Nino gradually escalates even after being rescued. Eventually, Čiki shoots Nino and is in turn shot by a Peacekeeper. After this confrontation, it is found that the mine cannot be defused. The UNPROFOR high command tries to save face: they lie, saying that Cera has been saved and they leave the area, along with the reporters and everyone else. In reality, Cera is left alone and desolate in the trenches, still immobilized by the mine. Meanwhile, the UNPROFOR commander has arranged false information to be passed to both Bosnian and Serb troops, to make them believe their enemies will be trying to reoccupy the trench at night ."] ['The film opens in a bar in Nunavut when hitman Brand Hauser  shoots and kills three men at the bar. He takes a picture of the man with his phone, sends the picture, and then throws the phone into a burning garbage can. Hauser is then seen on a plane getting directions and advice from the on board navigation system, Jerry . He turns on his screen to receive a video call from the former Vice President  who gives him his next mission: to terminate Omar Sharif , the CEO of the oil company Ugigas in Ugigistan. He tells Hauser that he will be working under the Viceroy, whose identity is still being withheld until further notice. He also tells Hauser that his cover will be a trade show host, working with Tamerlane, a huge corporation that specializes in advertising. He must produce a trade show and a gala wedding as a finale, and still manage to kill Omar Sharif before he makes his plane back to Ugigistan. He is taken by a car to the safe Emerald City within the fictional war-torn desert country of Turaqistan. In the Tamerlane building, he meets Marsha , his assistant for the mission. Once inside the building, he notices a reporter, Natalie Hegalhuzen  attempting unsuccessfully to get inside the Tamerlane building. Natalie attempts to find out why she can\'t get into Tamerlane, and after asking him several questions, is rushed out of the room by Hauser who doesn\'t want to reveal any personal details about himself. He does arrange for her to have drinks with him which she accepts. Hauser visits the Viceroy in a secret location hidden in a Popeye\'s restaurant, who tells him what he needs to do. The Viceroy  informs Hauser that the grand finale of the Trade Show he\'s supposed to prepare will be a wedding for Yonica Babyyeah , an oversexed, Central Asian pop star. He meets briefly with her and her fiancée, Ooq-Mi-Fay . Later, Natalie meets Hauser at a restaurant where he gives her an all-access pass to the Trade Show. She arrives at the rehearsal and is greeted by Hauser and Marsha, who quickly go to watch Yonica\'s rehearsal. Her oversexed appearance and slight attraction for Hauser make him throw up on Natalie\'s coat and he walks out. After talking to Jerry in his car, he drinks some hot sauce and then has a flashback. He sees himself telling his fellow hitman Walken  that he is tired of killing and wants to quit. He and Walken engage in a brief struggle in which he shoots Walken and leaves him for dead in the back of a garbage truck. After receiving a delivery from a dry-cleaner in Germany, he goes to the hotel that Natalie stays in and gives her her coat, cleaned. He asks her out for coffee and confesses to her his habit of drinking hot sauce when he\'s nervous. She then confesses that she doesn\'t despise him at all, and the two build up a small friendship. He is later visited by Yonica in his office. She tries to seduce him, but he rebuffs her. He later sees her when he is in a restaurant with Sharif and Natalie. Hauser takes Natalie home, where she kisses him. Embarrassed, she quickly rushes out of the car. She sees him the next day and asks for a pass out of the Emerald City. He gives her a card that he received earlier by videomakers who are big in the Arts Community, and might give her a good lead. Hours later, he visits Yonica and listens to her sing a beautiful ballad; from here on out, he develops a paternal affection for her. Meanwhile, Natalie buys the cover for a pornographic video that the videomakers were going to shoot on Yonica\'s wedding night. After a confrontation with Ooq-Mi-Fay  Hauser decides that the only way to continue with the wedding peacefully is to blame everything on Ooq-Mi-Fay\'s friend Bhodi Bhundhang. Bhodi hunts him down and tries to kill him in a big house that Yonica is supposed to do an interview in. There, Hauser reveals his past to Natalie and Yonica, and how his wife was killed and his daughter was kidnapped. He is interrupted when he hears a gun and rushes to another room, where he is forced to fight Bhodi. He kills Bhodi in front of Natalie and Yonica, who flee the house, horrified. They rush off into a cab, where Yonica asks Natalie to be her bridesmaid; Natalie accepts. Six hours before the wedding, Hauser receives a ransom video from what appears to be a gang of terrorists, who have taken Natalie hostage. Hauser travels to a nearby city named Fallaf, saves Natalie, and makes it to Room 1101, where he had planned to meet and kill Sharif. Hauser has a change of heart and lets Sharif live, and in return is informed "the ultimate chicken-hawk is nearby". Realizing what this means Hauser goes to the Viceroy\'s secret location, and breaks down the glass to reveal the man behind the screen. The Viceroy, is actually Walken &mdash; the man who killed his wife and kidnapped his daughter. Hauser asks Walken what he did with his daughter, and finds out that Yonica was actually his daughter all along. He rushes to tell Yonica at the wedding, and arrives there right before Walken destroys the building, accidentally killing himself in the process. Fortunately, Hauser, Natalie, and Yonica survive, and rush off to a plane that Yonica and Ooq-Mi-Fay were supposed to fly off in. Once they are airborne, and have presumably escaped, we see a trailing missile about to strike the aircraft. The Vice President reveals his next plan to attack neighboring Ugigistan, blaming them for the bombing of the Emerald city, and terrorist incidents in Turaqistan.'] ["Matthew Barnes is a young executive on the move up who finds himself a pawn in corporate in-fighting when he's sent to London to oversee a merger. He's to replace John Gissing; Gissing's gotten wind of it, and he makes sure that Matthew and his wife Linda, who has dutifully but reluctantly come to England, have a miserable first few days there. By the time Matthew figures out what's happening and declares a counter offensive, it may be too late to save himself from a transfer to Detroit. With Gissing still holding lots of cards and Linda more unhappy by the moment, Matthew must reevaluate. All out war? A partnership with Gissing? Some third way?"] ["The plot centers around the Marchetta sisters, Tanzie  and Ava , rich, spoiled Hollywood socialites who enjoy material things such as shopping and dating, rather than caring about their late father's cosmetics company. When a major media scandal involving one of the company's products turns into an investigation, the girls find their assets frozen and must adjust to life without their fortune. Just when it seems like things could not get any worse, disaster strikes again. When a fire starts in their home, Ava quickly takes all her clothes while Tanzie, caring about her father more, takes with her his TiVo and some clothes. They are tempted to listen to their advisors and sell the company to their biggest competitor, Fabiella , for over $60 million each. Though this means that they could return to the lifestyle they were accustomed to, they decide to honor their father's memory by trying to turn it around themselves. Finding inspiration in Erin Brockovich, the girls decide to get to the root of the scandal. They use their good looks and charming personalities to win the case and prove their father's innocence. In the end, the girls successfully manage to clear the Marchetta name and reclaim the company. Nearly six months after the scandal began, the girls are seen leading the company, with Ava as the CEO and Tanzie working as a lab technician, with them both finding their true loves - for Tanzie, lab technician Rick and for Ava, lawyer Henry."] ['In South Park, Colorado, Kenny McCormick, Kyle Broflovski, Eric Cartman and Stan Marsh are on their way to the local movie theater to see the new film Terrance and Phillip: Asses of Fire which stars the boys\' favorite Canadian comedy duo, Terrance and Phillip. The boys learn new words from the movie, which causes the other kids in town to see the picture. The kids of South Park Elementary School begin cursing in class, and Kyle, Cartman, Kenny and Stan are sent to Counselor Mackey\'s office, where he informs their parents. Learning that the language was from the movie, the parents force the teachers to abandon their previous lesson plans and run a rehab-like center{{dn}} for the kids to get them to stop swearing. After rehab, the boys and the rest of the children see the movie again. After Kenny dies as the result of lighting his fart on fire like in the movie , the boys are grounded, Kenny is sent to Hell where he meets Satan and Saddam Hussein who are gay lovers, the parents of South Park boycott Terrance and Phillip, and Sheila  has Terrance and Phillip arrested for corrupting the minds of America\'s children. As response to having the duo arrested, Canada strikes back by bombing the house of the Baldwin brothers, killing them. Cartman is implanted with a V-chip by Dr. Vosknocker which will shock Cartman every time he uses profanity. Stan is trying to win back a girl he likes, Wendy, who is hanging out with another boy named Gregory. Stan asks Chef for advice, and Chef tells him to find the clitoris, which is a word Stan does not recognize. Sheila and President Bill Clinton reveal on national news their plans to go to war with Canada in response to the killing of the Baldwins and to have Terrance and Phillip executed at a USO show. Meanwhile, Satan knows that the war is a sign to invade Earth, and if the blood of the two Canadians touches American soil, it will be time for him to rise up. Saddam wants to come with him, but Satan is tired of being bossed around by Saddam. Kenny tells Satan to break up with Saddam to which Satan initially agrees, but Saddam wins back Satan with a song. Kenny haunts Cartman as a ghost and tells him that Satan and Saddam Hussein plan to come to Earth and for Cartman to warn everybody. The boys have a secret meeting to talk about how they can save Terrance and Phillip. They form "La Resistance" and Gregory tells Stan to meet with a kid named The Mole to help them infiltrate the location of the USO show. La Resistance and The Mole infiltrate the USO show, but The Mole is killed by guard dogs. It is up to everyone else to save Terrance and Phillip and Cartman\'s V-Chip malfunctions due to a power surge. The kids save Terrance and Phillip, but the Canadians unexpectedly show up and a bloody battle ensues. Sheila shoots Terrance and Phillip which results in Satan and Saddam Hussein rising from the ground. The other moms decide to stop what they are doing, seeing as what they and their Mothers Against Canada organization started and head off to look for their sons. Stan finds the clitoris  in the woods who tells him to be confident in order to win back Wendy\'s love. Satan finally kills Saddam when he gets fed up with all the abuse and brings Kenny back from Hell, telling him can have any wish in exchange for encouraging him to kill Saddam. Kenny wishes for everything to return to the way it was before the War, which means he will remain dead. Kenny is sent to Heaven due to this act, the war has ended, the Canadians and Americans become friends again, and everything returns to normal. Back in South Park, Ike, still hiding in the attic, eats a rat in a post-credits scene'] ['{{Plot}} Michael Keaton and Teri Garr play Jack and Caroline Butler, a middle class couple with three kids - Kenny, Alex, and Megan - living in the suburbs of Detroit, Michigan during the Early 1980s recession. Jack is the breadwinner while Caroline is a stay-at-home mom. He and his two friends, Larry and Stan, lose their engineering jobs at an automobile manufacturer. Though the auto industry is in a slump, they bet that he can get a job before Caroline, but he loses as she is hired by an ad agency and he has to stay at home with the kids. With Caroline at work, Jack discovers he is clueless about how to manage a household. He falls into depression as his ego and the household fall apart, most infamously fighting with the vacuum cleaner, which was nicknamed "Jaws" by Caroline, while Alex gives Megan a can of chili unbeknownst to him, and when she eats the whole thing, the inevitable happens. He begins socializing a lot with the housewives in his neighborhood, sharing poker games and workout routines with them. Caroline struggles with being back in the workforce and successfully pitches an innovative idea to a hard-to-please client. The president of the company is pleased and wants her to fly to Los Angeles to help shoot the commercial. In the meantime, Jack has snapped out of his depression, getting the house and kids under control. His former employer invites him back for a chance to interview again for his old job, but he finds that his former boss, Jinx Latham , betrayed his reputation in favor of his own so as to make himself look good in the process. He lectures them on such dirty practices and storms out, but not before threatening Jinx with a knockout punch should he ever speak sharply to Alex again . The neighborhood housewives surprise him unpleasantly with a visit to a strip club  to take his mind off of things. Throughout the film, both Jack and Caroline find themselves fending off the lascivious advances of others. Her boss, Ron Richardson , tries to convince her to leave Jack and marry him instead, while in his case, one of their mutual friends, Joan , tries to seduce him in a less direct manner. Caroline leaves her family on Halloween to go on a business trip. After a successful commercial shoot in Los Angeles, she relaxes in her hotel bathtub; Ron takes this opportunity to sneak into her room with champagne. Back home, Jack tries calling her at this exact moment so the kids could talk to her, but Ron picks up the phone instead. He hangs up, therefore Jack is thinking she is having an affair with him. She, not knowing what has just transpired via the phone, confronts him and fends off his attempts to seduce her; she ends up punching him in the nose and quitting her job. The next day dawns with a couple of household repair people in the home to fix a broken TV and spray for bugs. Joan stops by and while Jack is upstairs in the bathroom. She makes herself at home in their bedroom. Realizing that she wants to sleep with him, Jack begins running through a list of reasons  why he should not have an affair with her. Caroline arrives home unexpectedly, surprising Joan on the bed, and after a confrontation of words, she leaves. Caroline takes her place on the bed. Jack, not realizing she is home, comes back to the bedroom. They talk over the misunderstandings that occurred concerning Ron and Joan\'s advances and reunite as a stronger couple. Ron stops by the house, begging her to come back to his company, as the client has demanded that only she can properly handle his account. However, she expresses how much she missed spending time with her children. Jinx also comes begging for Jack to return to work. He had made too many cuts in his design team and is now in danger of losing his job. Alex says something to his father while Jinx is talking and he yells at him, at which point Jack makes good on his earlier promise and punches him in the face. Jack accepts his old job back with the demand being accepted that Larry and Stan will have theirs back. As Jack and Caroline are sitting on the steps inside the home with the kids, with Jinx and Ron in the background talking with the TV repairwoman and exterminator, they are again a happy family. On the newly repaired TV, the viewer sees the commercial Caroline helped produce.'] ['Based on the most common interpretation of the storyline,Cf. Bondanella, 143 and Kezich, 203 the film can be divided into a prologue, seven major episodes interrupted by an intermezzo, and an epilogue. If the evenings of each episode were joined with the morning of the respective preceding episode together as a day, they would form seven consecutive days, which may not necessarily be the case.  1st Day Sequence: A helicopter transports a statue of Christ over an ancient Roman aqueduct outside Rome while a second, Marcello\'s news helicopter, follows it into the city. The news helicopter is momentarily sidetracked by a group of bikini-clad women sunbathing on the rooftop of a high-rise apartment building. Hovering above, Marcello uses gestures to elicit phone numbers from them but fails in his attempt then shrugs and continues on following the statue into Saint Peter\'s Square.  1st Night Sequence: Marcello meets Maddalena  by chance in an exclusive nightclub. A beautiful and wealthy heiress, Maddelena is tired of Rome and constantly in search of new sensations while Marcello finds Rome suits him as a jungle he can hide in. They make love in the bedroom of a prostitute to whom they had given a ride home in Maddalena’s Cadillac. 1st Dawn Sequence: Marcello returns to his apartment at dawn to find that his fiancée, Emma , has overdosed. On the way to the hospital, he declares his everlasting love to her and again as she lies in a semiconscious state in the emergency room. While waiting frantically for her recovery, however, he tries to make a phone call to Maddalena.  2nd Day Sequence: That day, he goes on assignment for the arrival of Sylvia , a famous Swedish-American actress, at Ciampino airport where she is met by a horde of news reporters. During Sylvia\'s press conference, Marcello calls home to ensure Emma has taken her medication while reassuring her that he is not alone with Sylvia. After the film star confidently replies to the barrage of journalists\' questions, Marcello casually recommends that Sylvia be taken on a tour of St Peter\'s. Inside St Peter\'s dome, a news reporter complains that Sylvia is "an elevator" because none of them can match her energetic climb up the numerous flights of stairs. Inspired, Marcello maneuvers forward to be alone with her when they finally reach the balcony overlooking the Vatican. 2nd Night Sequence: That evening, the infatuated Marcello dances with Sylvia in the Baths of Caracalla. Sylvia\'s natural sensuality triggers raucous partying while Robert , her bored fiancé, reads a newspaper. His humiliating remark to her causes Sylvia to leave the group, eagerly followed by Marcello and his paparazzi colleagues. Finding themselves alone, Marcello and Sylvia spend the rest of the evening in the alleys of Rome where they wade into the Trevi Fountain. 2nd Dawn Sequence: Like a magic spell that has suddenly been broken, dawn arrives at the very moment Sylvia playfully "anoints" Marcello\'s head with fountain water. They drive back to Sylvia\'s hotel to find an enraged Robert waiting for her in his car. Robert slaps Sylvia, orders her to go to bed, and then assaults Marcello who takes it in stride.  3rd Day Sequence: Marcello meets Steiner , his distinguished intellectual friend, inside a church playing Bach on the organ. Steiner shows off his book of Sanskrit grammar.  4th Day Sequence: Late afternoon, Marcello, his photographer friend Paparazzo , and Emma drive to the outskirts of Rome to cover the story of the purported sighting of the Madonna by two children. Although the Catholic Church is officially skeptical, a huge crowd of devotees and reporters gathers at the site. 3rd Night Sequence: That night, the event is broadcast over Italian radio and television. Blindly following the two children from corner to corner in a downpour, the crowd tears a small tree apart for its branches and leaves said to have sheltered the Madonna. Meanwhile, Emma prays to the Virgin Mary to be given sole possession of Marcello\'s heart. 3rd Dawn Sequence: The gathering ends at dawn with the crowd mourning a sick child, a pilgrim brought by his mother to be healed, but trampled to death in the melee.  4th Night Sequence: One evening, Marcello and Emma attend a gathering at Steiner’s luxurious home where they are introduced to a group of intellectuals who recite poetry, strum the guitar, offer philosophical ideas, and listen to sounds of nature recorded on tape. While one of the women declares it better not to get married so that one does not need to choose, Marcello responds that it is better to be chosen than to choose. Emma appears enchanted with Steiner\'s home and children, telling Marcello that one day he will have a home like Steiner\'s. Outside on the terrace, Marcello confesses to Steiner his admiration for all he stands for, but Steiner admits he is torn between the security that a materialistic life affords and his longing for a more spiritual albeit insecure way of life. Steiner philosophizes about the need for love in the world and fears what his children may grow up to face one day.  5th Day Sequence: Marcello spends the afternoon working on his novel at a seaside restaurant where he meets Paola , a young waitress from Perugia playing Perez Prado\'s cha-cha Patricia on the jukebox and then humming its tune. He asks her if she has a boyfriend, then describes her as an angel in Umbrian paintings.  5th Night Sequence: Marcello meets his father  visiting Rome on the Via Veneto. With Paparazzo, they go to the Cha-Cha-Cha Club where Marcello introduces his father to Fanny , a beautiful dancer and one of his past one-night stands . Fanny takes a liking to his father. Marcello tells Paparazzo that as a child he had never seen much of his father, who would spend weeks away from home. Fanny invites Marcello’s father back to her flat, and two other dancers invite the two younger men to go with them. Marcello leaves the others when they get to the dancers\' neighborhood. Fanny comes out of her house, upset that Marcello\'s father has gotten ill. 4th Dawn Sequence: Marcello\'s father has suffered what seems to be a mild heart attack. Marcello wants him to stay with him in Rome so they can get to know each other, but his father, weakened, wants to go home and gets in a taxi to catch the first train home. He leaves Marcello forlorn, on the street, watching the taxi leave.  6th Night Sequence: Marcello, Nico , and other friends met on the Via Veneto are driven to a castle owned by aristocrats at Bassano di Sutri outside Rome. There is already a party long in progress, and the party-goers are bleary-eyed and intoxicated. By chance, Marcello meets Maddalena again. The two of them explore a suite of ruins annexed to the castle. Maddalena seats Marcello in a vast room and then closets herself in another room connected by an echo chamber. As a disembodied voice, Maddalena asks him to marry her; Marcello professes his love for her, avoiding answering her proposal. Another man kisses and embraces Maddalena, who loses interest in Marcello. He rejoins the group, and eventually spends the night with Jane , an American artist and heiress. 5th Dawn Sequence: Burnt out and bleary-eyed, the group returns at dawn to the main section of the castle, to be met by the matriarch of the castle, who is on her way to mass, accompanied by priests in a procession.  7th Night Sequence: Marcello and Emma are alone in his sports car on an isolated road. Emma starts an argument by protesting her love, and tries to get out of the car; Marcello pleads with her not to get out. Emma says that Marcello will never find another woman who loves him the way she does. Marcello becomes enraged at her, telling her that he cannot live with her maternal and smothering love. He now wants her to get out of the car, and she refuses. With some violence , he throws her out of the car and drives off. She is left alone on a dark, lonely road, in the dark. After some hours , Emma is still alone on the road, holding flowers, when she hears his car approaching. She gets in the car without saying a word. 6th Dawn Sequence: Marcello and Emma are asleep in bed, tenderly intertwined; Marcello receives a phone call. He rushes to the Steiners\' apartment and learns that Steiner has killed himself and his two children. 6th Day Sequence: After waiting with the police for Steiner’s wife to return home, he meets her outside to break the terrible news while paparazzi swarm around her snapping pictures.  8th Night Sequence: An unspecified amount of time later, an older Marcello--now with gray in his hair-- and a group of partygoers break into a Fregene beach house owned by Riccardo, a friend of Marcello\'s. To celebrate her recent divorce from Riccardo, Nadia performs a striptease to Perez Prado\'s cha-cha Patricia. The drunken Marcello attempts to provoke the other partygoers into an orgy. Due to their inebriated states, however, the party descends into mayhem with Marcello throwing pillow feathers around the room as he rides a young woman crawling on her hands and knees. Riccardo shows up at the house and angrily tells the partiers to leave.  7th Dawn Sequence: The party proceeds to the beach at dawn where they find a modern-day leviathan, a bloated, stingray-like creature, caught in the fishermen\'s nets.The fish is not specified in the film script nor identified by critics or biographers. Set designer Piero Gherardi described his creation as "a kind of huge beast with blobs of plaster all over it like veal tripe. For eyes I gave it convex enlarging lenses". Alpert, 141. Cf. Kezich, 204-205 and Bondanella, 144 In his stupor, Marcello comments on how its eyes stare even in death. 7th Day Sequence: Paola, the adolescent waitress from the seaside restaurant in Fregene, calls to Marcello from across an estuary but the words they exchange are lost on the wind, drowned out by the crash of the waves. He signals his inability to understand what she is saying or interpret her gestures. He shrugs and returns to the partygoers; one of the women joins him and they hold hands as they walk away from the beach. In a long final close-up, Paola waves to Marcello then stands watching him with an enigmatic smile.'] ['The film takes place in 1986, 13 years after the events of the first film. It begins with two rowdy high school seniors racing along an abandoned stretch of Texas highway, in route to a weekend of fun in Dallas. They are heavily intoxicated and use their car phone to call and harass on-air radio DJ Vanita "Stretch" Brock . Unable to convince them to hang up, Stretch is forced to keep the line open. The two teenagers encounter a large pickup truck which runs parallel to them on a remote bridge. Suddenly, Leatherface ([[Bill Johnson , wielding a chainsaw, emerges from the back of the truck and proceeds to attack the boys. After a short struggle, Rick  tries to shoot Leatherface with a .44 Magnum revolver, but misses his target. Leatherface then slices off part of the head of the driver, and the car ends up crashing. The following morning, Lieutenant "Lefty" Enright , former Texas Ranger, and uncle of Sally Hardesty and her invalid brother Franklin, who were victims of Leatherface and his family years earlier, arrives at the scene of the crime to help solve the murders of the two teenage boys. Lefty has spent the last thirteen years investigating his niece and nephew\'s disappearances while investigating reports of mysterious chainsaw killings across Texas. Although regarded with disdain by his peers, Lefty is able to convince the local newspaper to print a tiny article about his quest for justice. The article captures the interest of Stretch, who brings him a copy of the audio tape which recorded the attack on the two teenagers. Initially mortified, Lefty asks Stretch to play the tape on her nightly radio show so the law enforcers and the people will have to listen to him. As the sounds of the horrible attack echo across the airwaves of Texas, Leatherface\'s family arrive at the radio station. While preparing to leave for the night, Stretch finds Chop Top  , waiting in the lobby. When she tries to get rid of him, Leatherface emerges from the darkness. Horrified, Stretch locks herself behind the metal door of a storage closet, holding off Leatherface until he comes through the wall. Meanwhile, Stretch\'s co-worker arrives, but is beaten badly with a tack hammer by Chop Top. As Leatherface approaches Stretch, about to attack, she does some fast talking and charms him into sparing her. After a moment of distraction, Leatherface restarts his chainsaw and tears off through the studio slashing at walls, furniture and studio equipment, but leaves Stretch alive. He returns to the reception area where he leads Chop Top to believe that he has killed Stretch. Leatherface and Chop Top haul Stretch\'s mortally wounded co-worker off to their home, followed by Stretch, who winds up trapped inside the Sawyer home, which is actually an abandoned carnival ground decorated with human bones, multi-colored lights, and carnival remnants. Lefty soon turns up with three chainsaws of his own and begins to carve up the home in a rage shortly before he finds the remains of his aforemntioned nephew, Franklin. Stretch finds her co-worker dead and takes a look around the hideout. Drayton  finds Stretch roaming the grounds and the family capture her. Lefty eventually finds her being tortured at the dinner table and saves her. Drayton tries to bribe Lefty with money, but Lefty slashes Drayton\'s back side with the chainsaw, and frees Stretch. A battle between Lefty and the Sawyer family ensues, ending with a chainsaw duel between Leatherface and Lefty. As a wounded Drayton commentates from under the table, Lefty gains the upper hand and impales Leatherface in the stomach. In the end, Lefty and most of the Sawyer family  are apparently killed when a grenade  goes off prematurely. Only Chop Top and Stretch escape, where they have a final battle in a carved-out rock tower that overlooks the property. Despite being slashed several times with a straight razor, Stretch grabs a chainsaw held by the mummified remains of the family\'s grandmother in a ritual shrine in the rock tower. Stretch then gets the upper hand on Chop Top, as she cuts him with the chainsaw, causing him to fall off the tower to a presumed death. The final shot shows Stretch standing on top of the tower and emulating Leatherface\'s famous chainsaw dance from the ending of the first film.'] ["Museulmo High School, situated somewhere in South Korea, may not be your typical high school. One of the students there is named “Poor Girl” . She walks around with a stuffed doll draped around her back, which she calls “Poverty.” As her name implies she is as poor as poor can get. She lives with her mother  in a one room building. Her mother is chronically ill and buried in debt. To help pay for her mother’s bills, Poor Girl has turned to prostitution to support her family. Because of this, she carries a heavy burden of guilt and shame. So much so that she has attempted suicide. Her only friend seems to be her doll “Poverty.” That is until she meets a new client. The new client is a cross-dresser , who's looking for a girl to play sisters with. Poor Girl is able to share some of her problems with her new found friend. In the meantime, she dreams about dating her classmate Anthony . Anthony comes from a rich background. His  parents are diplomats from Switzerland. He has everything a teenager can possibly wish for: good looks, expensive cars and suits. Anthony goes through life enjoying his superficial ways… until he meets Double Eyes . Double Eyes is the sibling of Anthony’s classmate Cyclops  who is a bit of an outcast at Museulmo High school. As his name indicates, he has only one eye. His days at Museulmo High School are filled with loneliness and being the object of pranks and jokes. While waiting for his sister Double Eyes at a restaurant, Cyclops is spotted by Anthony and his two friends. One of Anthony’s friends asks Cyclops, “Does your sister have a third eye?” Anthony and his friends laugh among themselves… until they see Cyclops’s sibling named Double Eyes. Double Eyes is beautiful and his classmates are in shock. Anthony immediately falls in love with Double Eyes. Unfortunately there is a secret with Double Eyes… As the lives of these students progress at Museulmo there is another problem that soon starts to emerge. Students, who have never shown any interest in education, suddenly become immersed in studying and preparing for their college entrance exams. They even give up dating! It's up to these classmates to find out what is really going on at Museulmo High and prepare for their graduation."] ['A movie studio executive  introduces the movie, explaining that the film itself has no plot, but simply shows Jerry Lewis as Stanley, the bellboy, getting in many ridiculous situations, bumbling his way from one scene to the next. Stanley does not speak, except at the very end of the movie. Lewis also appears in a speaking role playing himself escorted by a large entourage, as his bellhop counterpart simultaneously emerges from a crowded elevator.'] ["Sumangala  is married to a government employee named Viswanathan ([[Irshad . Viswanathan is committed to his family, which includes their two kids and his mother. Things go horribly wrong when he becomes an alcoholic. Fed up of her husband's incorrigible ways, Sumangala is forced to become a godwoman. This forms the turning point in the film."] ['In a maternity clinic two children from families with completely different social backgrounds are switched at birth. One goes on to live in an uppe- middle-class family while the other to a poor family. Twelve years later, the mistake is discovered and the child living with the poor family is taken back by his parents, but keeps in touch with his former family and makes them encounter his new brothers and sisters. A series of satirical and comedic scenes follow.'] ["In 1853, soldier-of-fortune William Walker  flees Mexico after a failed attempt to incite an armed insurrection. He is placed on trial by US officials, but wins acquittal on breaking the neutrality act. Walker believes in Manifest Destiny and has plans to marry and start a newspaper until his fianceé Ellen Martin  dies of cholera. Financed by American multimillionaire Cornelius Vanderbilt , Walker and 60 mercenaries embark on a mission to overthrow Nicaragua, to secure Vanderbilt's rights over an overland shipping route between the Atlantic and Pacific. Walker and his corps score a bloody victory in Nicaragua and when the capital falls, Walker allows the president to stay in charge, but takes his mistress, Doña Yrena . With increasing disruption in the country, Walker orders the president shot and assumes the presidency. From 1855 to 1857, his actions as president are manic and delusional with Walker antagonizing his financial backer, by revoking Vanderbilt's license to the overland trade route. Nicaragua and its neighbors unite to rid themselves of the unwelcome dictator and they drive the despot out. Eventually his further forays into Central America lead to his capture and execution."] [" In a story loosely based on Fyodor Dostoevsky's short novel The Gambler, Nick Nolte plays Lionel Dobie, an acclaimed abstract artist who finds himself unable to paint during the days before the scheduled beginning of a major gallery exhibition of his new work. Rosanna Arquette is Paulette, his apprentice/assistant and former lover. Lionel is still infatuated with her, but Paulette wants only his tutelage, which makes things difficult since they live in the same studio-loft. Paulette dates other people, including a performance artist  and a painter . These deliberate provocations on Paulette's part make Lionel insanely jealous &mdash; and fuel his creativity. Lionel and Paulette, it becomes clear, have been using each other: Lionel using her sexually, Paulette using him as a means of entry to the higher spheres of the New York social and art scene. Paulette wants to give up and go home to her parents but Lionel persuades her to stay because New York is where a painter needs to be. Lionel pours his anxiety and repressed passion into his work. Paintings around the studio show visual metaphors from relations past: stormy skies, burning bridges, and tormented clowns. Lionel realizes that he needs the emotional turmoil of his destructive relationships in order to fuel his art. In the last scene, at the art exhibit, Lionel meets another attractive young woman, a struggling painter. He persuades her to become his assistant, and potentially his lover, beginning the cycle anew.  Zoë  is a schoolgirl who lives in a luxury hotel. She helps return to an Arab princess a valuable piece of jewelry that the princess had given to Zoë's father  and had been subsequently stolen and recovered. Zoë tries to reconcile her divorced mother, a photographer , and father, a flute soloist. Adrien Brody also appears in his first film role.  New York lawyer Sheldon  has problems with his overly critical mother . Sheldon complains constantly to his therapist about her, wishing aloud that she would just disappear. Sheldon takes his fiancé, Lisa , to meet his mother, who immediately embarrasses him. The three, as well as Lisa's children from a previous marriage, go to a magic show. His mother is invited on stage to be a part of the magician's act. She is put inside a box that has swords stuck through it and she disappears, just as she is supposed to, but then she never reappears. Although he is furious at first, this development turns out to be great for Sheldon because, with her out of his life, he can finally relax. But soon, to his horror, his mother reappears in the sky over New York City. She begins to annoy Sheldon and Lisa  by constantly talking to strangers about his most embarrassing moments. This puts a strain on his relationship with Lisa, who leaves him. Sheldon is persuaded by his psychiatrist to see a psychic, Treva , to try to get his mother back to reality. Treva's experiments fail, but Sheldon falls for her, possibly finding her to be very similar to his mother . When he introduces Treva to his mother, she finally approves and comes back to Earth. Oedipus Wrecks includes the film debut of Kirsten Dunst in a bit part. Also seen is Larry David as a club owner who explains to Allen that his mother is missing."] ['April Flowers  is kept away from boys by her overprotective mother ([[Barbara Harris  because flames have a tendency to spontaneously erupt whenever her hormones are aroused. For April, "protection" on a dinner date is carrying a fire extinguisher. As her mother explains, April is a "fire girl", whose very unstable body chemistry causes spontaneous combustion when she is aroused. As such, the only men April meets more than once are firefighters. When April reconnects with Andy ([[William O\'Leary , a former neighbor who has returned to April\'s life, he challenges April\'s and her mother\'s assumption and presses his luck to prove to her that her hormones are not, in fact, explosive. Hijinx result as Andy tries to prove his point and get the girl, thwarted at every step by April\'s mother. Further complications ensue when April befriends a lonely, obsessive pyromaniac named "Ellen" , who becomes incensed at the constant mishearing of his real name "Ellen" for "Helen"--after which he throws Bic-flicking snits and tries to set his tormentors on fire.'] ['{{Plot}} Mike Frye  and Deborah Patterson , co-owners of an advertising firm, have a big hit when they recycle some old Western films starring "Smoky" Callaway  for a new television audience. Tom Lorrison , the show\'s sponsor, is eager to make more films, but nobody has seen Smoky in ten years. Under intense pressure to produce the star, Frye hires Smoky\'s agent, Georgie Markham ([[Jesse White , to go look for him. Salvation comes in the form of a letter from a real cowboy named "Stretch" Barnes , who complains that his friends keep making fun of him because of his resemblance to Smoky. After one look at the enclosed photograph, Frye and Patterson travel to see him. They talk a reluctant Stretch into impersonating Smoky, telling him that Smoky is dead. After a dinner with Lorrison and his wife Martha , a big fan of the actor, Frye and Patterson get the go-ahead to launch a marketing campaign. Patterson heads out on a nation-wide publicity tour with Stretch. As they spend time together, Stretch falls in love with her and eventually presents her with an engagement ring. She is reluctant to accept it, but he tells her to keep it and put it on only if she ever decides she loves him back. Things get sticky when Markham finally finds Smoky in a Mexican bar. He has not changed a bit; he is still a selfish, womanizing drunk. Smoky is uninterested in going back to work, but Markham shanghais him and talks him into it on the boat trip back. Frye is not pleased when Smoky shows up in his office, but sees he has no choice. He sends Smoky to a health farm to get back into shape. However, despite strict supervision, Smoky manages to stash bottles of liquor everywhere. When a woman accosts Stretch on the street and accuses him of not doing anything for needy children, he is moved. After some thought, he secretly hires a lawyer to set up a children\'s foundation which will receive all of his earnings except a modest allowance for him . When Smoky and Stretch meet by chance, Stretch discovers he has been duped and decides to go home. That night, the law firm\'s west coast representative  shows up with the legal document setting up the charity foundation. Stretch comes up with a plan. With Smoky still out of shape, Frye and Patterson had begged him to make an appearance at the Los Angeles Coliseum. Stretch decides to accept, intending to sign the document in front of 90,000 fans and dignitaries. When Smoky learns of his scheme, he objects; the two men get into a brawl and Smoky gets knocked out. Frye and Markham try to intervene and suffer the same fate. When Smoky comes to, he realizes he cannot stop Stretch, so he goes back to Mexico since he would only get paid a modest salary for a lot of hard work. At the Coliseum, Stretch runs into Patterson, who not only approves of his plan, but is also wearing his ring.'] ["This film is a false documentary about a fictional, top-secret Soviet Intercosmos mission based in East Germany. Two ships are sent out to set up both an industrial colony on Saturn's moon Titan and a recreational colony on Jupiter's moon Ganymede. The film covers the background of the mission, as well as several radio conversations between the leaders of the two separate colonizing missions, the female Seagull and the male Falcon, who are implied to be in a romantic relationship. Besides colonizing the two moons, part of the mission is also to set up an archive of Socialist culture within the vacuum of space. For reasons not explained within the film, the mission fails, and all records of it are either destroyed or hidden away. However, the last scene reveals Seagull and Falcon to be still alive, as they converse about other failed secret Soviet space missions, most of which resulted in the demise of the entire crew."] ['At night, an animal testing laboratory in grimy downtown Oslo is broken into by a group of vegan animal rights activists calling themselves the "urban guerillas". They first release some rabbits, which refuse to leave. They then set the rats free, then cats, which to the horror of the activists, eat the rats. They then release a dog which in turn, again to their horror, kills the cats. They bury the dead animals, vowing to at some point take revenge on "animal oppressing" society. One of them, Sonia, a highly-strung anxiety-stricken woman, keeps the dog and names the dog "Karma". Meanwhile, three inept stoners and bungling habitual criminals named Odd, Gaz and Flea  sit around in a decrepit apartment, watching the news story about the lab break in. Their shady American friend Roy Arnie arrives and offers them a once-in-a-lifetime job opportunity with Circus Stromowski, a travelling Russian circus led by Ringmaster Igor Stromowski. The lads agree as they are in debt with Roy Arnie, and it is apparently a good money-raiser, and to escape a local gangster named Ivan. However, upon arriving at the circus, they find Stromowski to be utterly deranged, the acts dangerous and performers suicidal. The entire circus is full of useless, miserable has-beens and tired animals that will only perform under the influence of narcotics. What\'s more, the four lads are actually to be animal handlers with the dangerous animals in the circus stable. The star attraction is "Jimmy", a captive large male elephant who is paranoid of police and with an ear ring and half a tusk sawn off. Roy Arnie gives Jimmy speed to incite the animal to go crazy and perform in the ring for the spectators. At night, he gives Jimmy heroin to sedate him. Soon the elephant is hooked on the drugs, a junkie. The events of the original movie take place entirely in Norway; in the English language version of the movie, the story begins in Britain, and ends up in Norway with the travelling circus. Roy Arnie admits to the others that he has stolen over a million pounds worth of heroin which he stole from a tanker belonging to the Russian Mafia, and that he decided on the circus to escape them. The four lads hatch a plan to smuggle the heroin out of Norway by putting all the heroin inside the elephant. Roy makes an incision in Jimmy\'s buttocks, places the bags of drugs inside, and then sews it back up. He has a plan to set up his own circus with the money potentially made from the heroin, the "Roy Arnie Circus", and believes Jimmy to be the key to his dream. However on the night the lads plan to steal the elephant, Jimmy escapes when he is accidentally given speed instead of heroin, and he bolts out of a door left open by the animal rights activists. Jimmy\'s drug-induced escape causes widespead chaos. Flea comically steals a van with no windshield in the ensuing chase of Jimmy, which leads them up into the frozen moorland. Three bizarrely-dressed bikers who have been tailing the lads the whole time turn out to be three members of the highly feared "Laplander Mafia" who have been hired by the Russians and are looking for the heroin, and revenge on Roy Arnie. After overhearing their conversations they learn of where the drugs are, and decide to first go after the elephant. Meanwhile, the animal rights activists are hot on Jimmy\'s trail with the intention of rescuing Jimmy. Jimmy is hunted by a group of trigger happy, redneck-type big game hunters who want to shoot something bigger than a moose for a change. So begins a mad cap cross country road trip to find Jimmy, with different groups with different motives. The four stoners crash a log cabin which is occupied by an elderly American couple, but the three Lappish Mafia bikers find them there, kill the couple and torture the four stoners for information on the whereabouts of Jimmy the elephant. Jimmy nearly dies on the moors as he begins to go through cold turkey, although a seemingly intelligent and benevolent moose with golden antlers befriends the elephant and attempts to nurse him back to health by nudging him towards water and bringing him grass to eat. The moose pushes Jimmy into a rocky overhang, protecting the elephant from the elements. The moose forces Jimmy to stand on occasion by pushing him up and holding him up with his antlers, bringing back the strength in Jimmy\'s legs. Over the course of a few painful days, with the moose\'s help, Jimmy makes a full recovery from the drugs, and again becomes one with nature away from the ugly trappings of man. When the groups converge on Jimmy\'s location, chaos ensues which results in most of the people involved getting killed in various ways. As the elephant and the moose escape into the sunset, Jimmy steps on Sonia the activist\'s dog, Karma, splatting it. Sonia momentarily loses her temper and picks up one of the hunters\' rifles and shoots Jimmy in the behind, unwittingly bursting the bags of heroin inside and causing Jimmy to die within minutes . This causes Sonia to recoil in horror in what she has done, and then she and her friend scream and run off. The moose causes a landslide which buries Jimmy\'s body, and after the moose sits poignantly by the mound of rocks which now entomb Jimmy, it gallops off into the sunset alone. The only other survivors of the massacre, the four stoners, do not witness these events and believing Jimmy still alive they continue to look for Jimmy on the moors. Eventually, they all beat up Roy Arnie for leading them to the situation in the first place, because of his mad circus dreams, and "for Jimmy", "our mate". At the end of the film, full of remorse over what he has done in the past, Roy Arnie goes out alone into a terrible blizzard on the moors to look for Jimmy, who he does not know is dead.'] ['Team America exists to stop terrorists from committing world crimes. With a home base within Mount Rushmore, the team consists of: Lisa, a psychologist; Carson, Lisa\'s love interest; Sarah, an alleged psychic; Joe, an all-American jock who is in love with Sarah; and Chris, a technological and martial arts expert who harbors a mistrust of actors. The team is led by Spottswoode, a United States government agent. I.N.T.E.L.L.I.G.E.N.C.E. is their highly-advanced supercomputer. The story opens in Paris, France, where the team interrupts a group of terrorists in action. During the ensuing firefight, the Team destroys the Eiffel Tower  and the Louvre, "saving" the day but ironically causing more damage than if they had not been present. Carson then proposes to Lisa, but the moment is cut short when a dying terrorist kills Carson. In search of a new member, Spottswoode recruits Gary Johnston, a Broadway actor, who was starring in Lease, and who has college majors in Theater and World Languages. Gary will use his acting talents to infiltrate terrorist organizations. Unbeknownst to the team, North Korean dictator Kim Jong-il is supplying international terrorists with weapons of mass destruction, planning a mysterious worldwide attack. I.N.T.E.L.L.I.G.E.N.C.E. is informed of a terrorist meeting in Cairo, Egypt. Gary manages to successfully infiltrate the terrorist group due to his fluency in their language, which is shown to be a caricature of Arabic that consists mainly of the words "Derka", "Muhammad" and "Jihad". During this time, both Lisa and Sarah become romantically attracted to him. Chris, however, hates Gary, because he is an actor. Gary is sent in undercover, and gains trust of a terrorist lieutenant despite having a poor disguise. The team attempts to capture the terrorists, and although Team America successfully foils the plan, their actions again leave most of the city in ruins. The group is criticized by the Film Actors Guild ([[Faggot , a union of liberal Hollywood actors. The group includes Gary\'s favorite actor, Alec Baldwin, and his heavy criticism is discouraging to Gary. Meanwhile, the United Nations assign Hans Blix to inspect Kim Jong-il\'s lair, but Blix is killed by Kim Jong-il\'s man-eating sharks. As Team America relaxes, Gary expresses his guilt to Lisa, remembering a time where his acting talent caused his brother to be killed by gorillas. As the two consummate their relationship, a group of terrorists blow up the Panama Canal. The Film Actors Guild blames Team America, believing that they are responsible, as the terrorists claim this is retaliation for Team America\'s attack in Egypt. Gary, realizing his acting talents have once again resulted in a tumult, abandons the team, causing conflict among the remaining members. Believing the terrorists to be operating within Derkaderkastan, the original members depart, only to be attacked and captured by terrorists and the North Koreans, respectively. Meanwhile, Michael Moore infiltrates the team\'s base and suicide bombs the area. Kim Jong-il, upset with the terrorists\' actions, expresses his frustration and despair by singing "I\'m So Ronery". Meanwhile, Gary slips further into alcoholism. In North Korea, Kim Jong-il plans to host an elaborate peace ceremony, inviting not only the Film Actors Guild, but also the world\'s political leaders. Alec Baldwin is chosen as the ceremony\'s host. During the celebration, a series of bombs will be detonated throughout the world, reducing every nation to a Third World country. Gary returns to the Team\'s headquarters in Mount Rushmore and finds only ruins, although Spottswoode and I.N.T.E.L.L.I.G.E.N.C.E. have survived. After regaining Spottswoode\'s trust by performing oral sex on him, and undergoing a one-day training course (shown as a [[Montage , Gary is sent to North Korea. Gary manages to free the team. They are confronted by the Film Actors Guild and a violent battle ensues, which involves panthers being released at the team, and leaving most of the Guild brutally slain, with Alec Baldwin remaining alive as the host of the ceremony. Soon after, Chris confesses to Gary that his mistrust of actors is due to the fact that he was raped by the cast of Cats at the age of nineteen. The team then confronts Kim Jong-il. Although initially unsuccessful, Gary convinces the world\'s leaders to unite when he recites the drifter\'s emotional speech that he heard in the bar, stunning Alec. Kim Jong-il then kills Alec with an assault rifle, but is defeated by Lisa and impaled on a Pickelhaube. Kim\'s bombs are disarmed; and he is revealed to be a cockroach from another planet. He flees, departing in a miniature spaceship, but promises to return. When Gary and Lisa begin a relationship, the team reunites, preparing to combat the remainder of the world\'s terrorists.'] ['Baxter, a bull terrier, is taken from the pens and given to an old woman. Baxter hates the old woman’s bland lifestyle and reacts to her habits with disgust. In contrast, he becomes obsessed with the young couple across the street as he observes their nightly lovemaking sessions. Baxter attempts to communicate his dominance over the old woman by causing her to stumble, but his plan backfires. The old woman’s condition deteriorates, and ultimately Baxter kills her in order to be adopted by the young couple. Baxter enjoys his life with the young couple, splitting his time between the sensual woman and the earthy man. He brings them dead animals in an attempt to show them who he is. His idyll is broken when the couple has a baby and begins to neglect him. Baxter hates the weak and helpless child. He attempts to kill it, but his plans again backfire. Ignorant of Baxter’s murderous intentions, the couple gives Baxter to a neighborhood boy. Baxter thrills under the firm hand of his new master, a budding sociopath and Hitler fanatic. Baxter kills a stray dog to show the boy who he is, and Baxter believes that they come to a mutual understanding. The boy begins to see a girl from his school who reminds him of Eva Braun. Baxter impregnates the girl’s spaniel, though his own sexuality disgusts him. When the boy commands Baxter to kill a classmate, Baxter refuses and realizes that the boy does not understand him after all. The girl’s spaniel gives birth to puppies, and Baxter reacts to them with mixed emotions. In an attempt to emulate the final days of Hitler, the boy kills the puppies. In reaction, Baxter decides that the boy must die. The boy attacks first, but Baxter manages to gain the upper hand. When the boy commands him to heel, Baxter finds that he cannot disobey, allowing the boy to kill him. Later, the boy breaks into the old lady’s abandoned house and observes the young couple across the street. In a monologue echoing Baxter’s, the boy plans to kill his parents and be adopted by the couple.'] ['A British art expert  travels across America in order to purchase a rare Renoir painting in the South but comes across some crazy characters in the process. Filmed in part at "Essie-Mae\'s Bar in Tallapoosa, Georgia.'] ["The Cocoanuts is set in the Hotel de Cocoanut, a resort hotel, during the Florida land boom of the 1920s. Mr. Hammer  runs the place, assisted by Jamison , who would rather sleep at the front desk than actually help him run it. Chico and Harpo arrive with empty luggage, which they plan to fill by robbing and conning the guests. Mrs. Potter  is one of the few paying customers. Her daughter Polly  is in love with struggling young architect Bob Adams . He works to support himself as a clerk at the hotel, but has plans for the development of the entire area. Mrs. Potter wants her daughter to marry Harvey Yates , whom she believes to be of higher social standing than the clerk. This suitor is actually a con man out to steal the dowager's diamond necklace with the help of his conniving partner Penelope ."] ['A reporter is bitten by a werewolf in Hungary and then becomes the press assistant to the president of the United States of America. When the reporter says he is a werewolf, no one believes him, and many think it is the work of maniacs or hippies.'] ['Seventeen-year-old Megan  is a sunny high school senior who loves cheerleading and is dating football player Jared . She does not enjoy kissing Jared, however, and prefers looking at her fellow cheerleaders. Combined with Megan\'s interest in vegetarianism and Melissa Etheridge, her family and friends suspect that Megan is in fact a lesbian. With the help of ex-gay Mike , they surprise her with an intervention. Following this confrontation, Megan is sent to True Directions, a reparative therapy camp which uses a five-step program  to convert its campers to heterosexuality. At True Directions, Megan meets the founder, strict disciplinarian Mary Brown , Mary\'s supposedly heterosexual son Rock ,In A Critical Introduction to Queer Theory, Nikki Sullivan calls Rock "overtly homosexual" and says that Mary\'s desire to cure her son of homosexuality is the inspiration for the True Directions program. <ref name"nb" and a group of young people trying to "cure" themselves of their homosexuality. With the prompting of Mary and the other campers, Megan reluctantly agrees that she is a lesbian. This fact, at odds with her traditional, religious upbringing, distresses her and she puts every effort into becoming heterosexual. Early on in her stay at True Directions, Megan discovers two of the boys, Dolph and Clayton , making out. She panics and screams, leading to their discovery by Mike. Dolph is made to leave and Clayton is punished by being forced into isolation. The True Directions program involves the campers admitting their homosexuality, rediscovering their gender identity by performing stereotypically gender-associated tasks, finding the root of their homosexuality, demystifying the opposite sex, and simulating heterosexual intercourse. Over the course of the program, Megan becomes friends with another girl at the camp, a college student named Graham  who, though more comfortable being gay than Megan, was forced to the camp at the risk of otherwise being disowned by her family. The True Directions kids are encouraged to rebel against Mary by two of her former students, ex-ex-gays Larry and Lloyd , who take the campers to a local gay bar where Graham and Megan\'s relationship develops into a romance. When Mary discovers the trip, she makes them all picket Larry and Lloyd\'s house, carrying placards and shouting homophobic abuse. Megan and Graham sneak away one night to have sex and begin to fall in love. When Mary finds out, Megan, now at ease with her sexual identity, is unrepentant. She is made to leave True Directions and, now homeless, goes to stay with Larry and Lloyd. Graham, afraid to defy her father, remains at the camp. Megan and Dolph, who is also living with Larry and Lloyd, plan to win back Graham and Clayton. Megan and Dolph infiltrate the True Directions graduation ceremony where Dolph easily coaxes Clayton away. Megan entreats Graham to join them as well, but Graham nervously declines. Megan then performs a cheer for Graham and tells her that she loves her, finally winning Graham over. They drive off with Dolph and Clayton. The final scene of the film shows Megan\'s parents  attending a PFLAG meeting to come to terms with their daughter\'s homosexuality.'] ["A famous inventor  creates an extra-powerful weapon&mdash;an explosive mosquito. King Cain XVIII dreams of conquering the world and marrying the princess, but she is also loved by Yan, a vagrant musician. Yan's love leads him to surmount many obstacles and simultaneously thwart the insidious plans of the king."] ['Dave Kovic  runs a temporary employment agency in Georgetown, Washington, D.C., and, as a side job, makes appearances impersonating President Bill Mitchell , whom he resembles, at events such as automobile dealerships and supermarket openings. He is requested by Secret Service agent Duane Stevensen  to make an appearance as the President at a hotel where he is making a speech. Dave assumes it is a matter of security, but it is really to cover up Mitchell\'s extramarital affair with a White House staffer . Mitchell suffers a severe stroke during the liaison, leaving him in a coma. White House Chief of Staff Bob Alexander  and Communications Director Alan Reed  convince Dave to continue impersonating the President. They tell him that Vice President Gary Nance  is mentally unbalanced, but in actuality Bob does not want the Vice President in power because it will prevent Bob from achieving his own agenda. Only Bob, Alan, the Secret Service, and the medical staff tending to Mitchell know of the switch. First Lady Ellen Mitchell  lives a mainly separate life, seeing little of the President. The public is notified that Mitchell has had a "minor circulatory problem of the head." With Dave established as president, Bob and Alan send Nance on a goodwill tour of Africa and implicate him in a savings and loan fraud that Bob and Mitchell perpetrated. Once Nance is forced to resign, Bob plans for Dave to nominate him as vice president, whereupon Mitchell will have a more serious stroke and Bob will ascend to the presidency. Dave\'s enthusiasm revives Mitchell\'s popularity, as commented on by numerous media personalities and Congressmen who make cameo appearances. Dave visits a homeless shelter with the First Lady, who does not understand why he has taken a sudden interest in her project. Bob falsifies Mitchell\'s veto of a funding bill that includes the shelter, ostensibly for budget reasons. After the First Lady confronts Dave about the veto, Dave confronts Bob, who coldly tells him that if he can cut $650 million from the budget he can keep the shelter. Dave has his friend Murray Blum , an accountant, help him rewrite the federal budget so that the project may be reinstated, whereupon he also finds that an extreme majority of the budget is being used for frivolous expenses . The First Lady suspects that the current Mitchell is not really her husband, and tricks Dave into revealing the truth. When Dave and Duane shows her the real Bill on life support in the White House basement, she and Dave decide to secretly leave the White House. However, after a night out, they realize all the good they could do, and decide to return. Already furious about the budget changes, Bob snaps at Dave when he calls a surprise press conference. Dave forces him to resign , then announces a plan to create employment for every American who wants work. Nance returns from Africa and confronts Dave about the savings and loan scandal; Dave realizes Bob and Alan have misled him about Nance . Nance tells Dave he thinks the jobs initiative is a wonderful idea, but that the scandal will make it difficult to pass. Wanting to know how the Vice President got started, Dave learns that Nance had been a shoe salesman before his wife convinced him to run for city council. Dave talks with Ellen about how Nance is a good man; Ellen, realizing what Dave is planning, realizes she doesn\'t want to lose Dave, for she has fallen for him. Bob, out for revenge, reveals Mitchell\'s involvement in the savings and loan scandal. In a joint session of Congress, Dave admits to Mitchell\'s role in the scandal, but introduces evidence proving that Bob was the mastermind and Nance was not involved. Bob, watching the session on TV with Republican friends, realizes Alan has betrayed him and is soon alone at home. During the speech, Dave fakes a stroke and makes a switch with the real Mitchell in an ambulance taking him to the hospital. Nance becomes acting president and is sworn in as President five months later when Mitchell dies; he announces he will continue the push for Dave\'s jobs plan. Bob and other members of the administration are indicted on various charges on the day the jobs initiative passes. Back at his old job, Dave decides to run for city council. Ellen Mitchell arrives to reunite with him. Duane, now on Dave\'s campaign team, stands guard outside the office door.'] ['Riding a white horse, Brigadier General Maximilian Rodrigues de Santos of the army of Mexico arrives at a United States border crossing with a small company of soldiers on foot. He claims to be leading his men to Laredo, Texas to march in a parade on George Washington\'s birthday. The soldiers\' destination is actually San Antonio, where the general intends to carry out a quixotic mission to "re-occupy" the Alamo. None of his men are aware of his plans, but without argument they do whatever they are told by Max\'s devoted Sergeant Valdez. Disguising himself in an ill-fitting suit as a tourist, Max goes on ahead and takes a guided tour of the Alamo. In the gift shop, he encounters an attractive young blonde, Paula, who, when she isn\'t selling postcards, is a radical student activist. He returns to his men and, after racing through the streets of San Antonio, they seize control of the fort, taking Paula and two other Americans as their prisoners. Max places a call to the local authorities, telling police chief Sylvester that the flag of Mexico now flies above this piece of hallowed Texas ground. Sylvester doesn\'t take him seriously at first, but quickly discovers that Max is an actual Army general and that everything else he has claimed is true. The chief goes to the Alamo to meet Max in person, using the passwords "John Wayne" and "Richard Widmark" to gain entry. Max instructs him to contact the Pentagon and report the fort to be back under Mexico\'s control. As Max will only negotiate with another general, Sylvester calls on Billy Joe Hallson, a brigadier general of the state\'s National Guard, whose day job is running a mattress store. Max is unimpressed. A low-level bureaucrat from Washington condescendingly promises that if Max leaves quietly the United States will not take this "invasion" too seriously and mocks Mexico as "not exactly the Soviet Union." To which Max announces he will hold the Alamo for thirteen days in response to the snub. Paula sees Max as a heroic revolutionary but he tells her his only reason for the invasion was to impress his girlfriend back home who told him that his men wouldn\'t follow him into a brothel. A three-star U.S. Army general named Lacomber arrives to take charge. A company of his men scale the wall and enter the fort, but without ammunition, so as to avoid bloodshed and an international incident. It turns out Max\'s men are not carrying ammo, either, but the Americans fall for Max\'s bluff to open fire and promptly surrender. Max celebrates by doing a Mexican hat dance. Paula brings the general back to earth by explaining that she has learned his soldiers follow him only because Valdez shoots any who do not obey orders. Disheartened, Max decides to wave the white flag of surrender and go peacefully. A private anti-communist militia, who think Max is a front for the Chinese, arrives just as Max is surrendering to Lacomber. Their leader, whose aunt is one of the hostages, shoots Max in the shoulder. Max bravely orders his unarmed men to attack the armed militia. His men, for the first time, willingly follow his orders and the militia flee as their leader is arrested. Max then tells the U.S. authorities that he intends to "advance" -- to Mexico. Satisfied at that, Sylvester, Lacomber and Hallson let the Mexican general get back on his horse. He rides out of town triumphantly with his men chanting proudly: "Viva Max!"'] ["Almost the entirety of the film focus on the few hours before and after Park's assassination on October 26, 1979. Undoubtedly the most controversial aspect of the film is its portrayal of Park. In the film, he is shown to be a cowardly libertine, having late-night drinking parties, pawing young women, and in particular having much admiration for Japanese culture, to the point of occasionally speaking Japanese himself.<ref groupJuly 2008}} The film starts out in a luxurious brothel, where KCIA Chief Agent Ju deals with the mother of a young woman who was one of Park's playmates, who has come with her daughter to offer her again to the President, by interrogating and intimidating them. KCIA director Kim gets scolded by a doctor about his drinking, a direct result of having to attend President Park's drinking parties. Scenes of various officials and low officers making their way to a heavily-guarded safehouse follow, including Chief Agent Ju procuring an attractive young woman and the famous enka and trot singer Sim Soo-bong for the party. During the dinner, President Park, his personal bodyguard Cha Ji-cheol, Director Kim, Chief Secretary Yang  discuss how to deal with demonstrators, with Cha berating Kim for not being repressive enough. Kim, having been agitated the entire day, decides then to kill Park, and hatches the plan with Chief Agent Ju and KCIA Col. Min. Director Kim returns to the party, shoots Cha  and Park, each with a single shot, jamming the pistol on this second shot. Soon thereafter, Agent Ju and Col. Min and a few minions kill the president's personal bodyguard staff and secure the building. Kim comes back with another gun and finishes off Cha and tells off Park before shooting him in the head. They move to make the scene resemble an ambush by North Korean forces, and Kim uses the political fear and tension to his advantage while convening a Cabinet Council. Director Kim and Colonel Min meet with the Army higher-ups to sell them his version of events, but Chief Secretary Yang gets to them first and tells what really happened. With every agency under its own authority and the possibility of inter-agency war looming, the Army arrests Director Kim, leaving Agent Yu and Colonel Min helpless and confused. Realizing their fate, they call their families to say goodbye. Prime Minister Choi Kyu-ha ascends to the presidency, and the fates of those involved at the party, mostly execution, are listed.  * Song Jae-ho – Park Chung-hee * Han Suk-kyu – KCIA Chief Agent Ju * Baek Yoon-sik – KCIA director Kim Jae-kyu"] ['Set in medieval England, the plot nominally concerns the struggle to restore the rightful heir, a baby, to the throne after the King and all his family have been disposed of. Kaye plays Hubert Hawkins, an ex-carnival entertainer who becomes minstrel to the Black Fox, a Robin Hood-type character , who actually makes only a few minor appearances in the film. The usurping King Roderick wishes his daughter, Princess Gwendolyn, to marry his neighbor, Sir Griswold of MacElwain, to enlist Griswold\'s aid against the band of rebels headed by the Black Fox. Princess Gwendolyn, however, refuses to marry Griswold, and declares that she will wed only for love, since her personal maid Griselda, who is also a witch, has predicted that a true lover will come to the castle to court her. The marriage plan also does not sit well with Lord Ravenhurst, one of Roderick\'s advisors, who fears that Grisworld\'s presence may lose him his privileged position with the king. Hawkins, whose usual task is to reveal the royal infant\'s distinct birthmark  to prospective rebel recruits, is charged with the task of carrying the child across the country to safety when Roderick\'s men threaten to discover the rebels. Disguised as an old man, he travels with Maid Jean , one of the Fox\'s lieutenants posing as his granddaughter, with whom he is in love and who has also fallen for him. They encounter the King\'s new Jester "Giacomo, \'King of Jesters and Jester of Kings\'"  on his way to the castle and knock him out, and Hawkins impersonates him, hoping to gain entry to the King\'s castle. The plan is to steal the key to a secret passage into the castle, through which the Black Fox could then attack. Hawkins is, however, unaware that the jester he is impersonating is also a famous assassin whom Lord Ravenhurst plans to employ against his rivals. Maid Jean, proceeding alone with the infant king, is captured by the King\'s men, who have been sent to round up pretty young girls to decorate the tournament. At the castle, she entrusts the infant into the care of an infiltrator working as an ostler before she is taken away. Matters become more complicated when Griselda hypnotizes Hawkins to avoid death by her princess\' hands for her as yet unfulfilled promises; in his befuddled state, Hawkins inadvertently introduces Jean to the king, who takes a fancy to her, and gets the key lost, Gwendolyn infatuated with him, and Ravenhurst entrusting him with taking out his rivals, only to have his memory erased by Griselda afterwards. She also kills Ravenhurst\'s competitors Brockhurst, Finsdale and Pertwee according to her own agenda. During the evening banquet, Sir Griswold arrives to solidify his alliance with the king. However, Gwendolyn openly declares her love for the jester, and the enraged King orders Hawkins\' death. Griswold, insulted, announces that, if "Giacomo" were a knight rather than a common clown, he would challenge him to mortal combat. Meanwhile, Ravenhurst and his fellows have learned that Hawkins is an impostor, but wrongfully assume that he is the Black Fox himself; they also find out that Maid Jean is one of the rebels and that the royal heir is in the castle. Still intent on preventing the alliance, Ravenhurst counsels the King that he can get rid of the jester by making him a knight, who would then have to fight Sir Griswold. Although the requirements for Knighthood are usually very rigorous, the King arranges for Hawkins to pass them rapidly. Jean uses her confidence with the king to steal back the key and send it to her band, although she also tries to save Hawkins by asking the Black Fox to substitute for him in the joust. But just before the rebels can use the passage, it collapses, leaving only a small crawlspace. The Black Fox decides to summon Hawkins\' friends, a troupe of acrobatic dwarves he had met earlier, from the carnival and sends them through the passage for a diversionary attack while the rest of the rebels assault the castle from the outside. Back in the castle, Hawkins becomes a knight, and Griswold immediately challenges him to a joust to the death. Griselda, under Gwendolyn\'s orders to protect Hawkins, tries poisoning one of the drinks to be used for the toast immediately before the joust, but through one of his men Griswold also learns of the poison, and after a quarrel between the two combatants about the unpoisoned drink the toast is cancelled. Against all odds, Hawkins wins the joust because his armor was incidentally magnetized by a lightning bolt, but he refuses to deliver the coup de grâce, sparing Griswold\'s life. As Griswold leaves with his soldiers, Ravenhurst denounces Hawkins and Maid Jean to the King. Before the King can pass judgement upon them, Hawkins\'s friends, who have secretly entered the court through the secret passage, rescue him and capture the castle from the King\'s soldiers. During this battle, Ravenhurst attacks Hawkins with a sword. Griselda hastily enchants Hawkins again, giving him expert prowess in fencing - some of the time. Ravenhurst is finally hurled out of the castle into the sea via catapult. Griswold returns to defend the King, but Hawkins reveals the infant king\'s birthmark to him and to his men. The former enemies all pledge allegiance to the true king, Griswold and Gwendolyn become enamored with each other, and Hawkins leads everyone in one last chorus of "Life could not better be".'] ['Comic book fan Les Franken  signs up for an experimental antidepressant. Dr. Dobson  instructs him to take one pill per day. Les creates a diary for his experiences, but feels no results. Les\' feelings of reluctance keep him from getting to know Maggie , a quiet girl who works at a grocery store. After several days of taking the pill, Les experiences supernatural powers, beginning with the ability to float. Paying a visit to Dobson, he sees himself floating, but Dobson sees him lying on the floor: Les has no powers at all. He explains that Les is having an adverse psychotic reaction to the drug and orders him to stop taking it. Les instead convinces himself that he has telepathy and Dobson is telling him to continue taking the drug. Gaining self-confidence, Les quits his job in order to become a crime-fighting vigilante, and gains a reputation for tackling people after stopping a gunman from robbing Maggie\'s store, believing he is picking up telepathic intent to rob stores. He confides his new gifts to best friends Joey  and Everett ([[Robert Baker , who think he\'s playing when he displays his phasing "power", only to run into a wall. Les tries to join the police, but escapes when he is sought for the assaults. After Dobson learns that Les is still taking the drug and getting worse, he calls on two representatives, Ted  and Jonas , to talk Les out of taking the drugs. Les believes they are there to take his powers away , so his "future self" stabs Jonas in the ear and Les runs off. Les "teleports"  Ted and knocks him out then escapes to join Everett and Joey, who believe "the suits" are nonsense like Les\' powers. On the way to Dobson, Les stops a purse snatcher, which astounds his two friends. They go to Dobson, who claims to have never seen Les, but gives the two friends a liquid to flush the medication from Les\' body. Les leaves all three and finds that Jonas and Ted have broken into his apartment and are reading through his diary, talking about kidnapping him for a few days for the drug to work its way out of his system. Dobson confesses that Les\' reaction could ruin the company if the word got out. Dobson notes that he attempted to recover his career and life, while Les swallows the remaining pills. After Les leaves and makes Ted and Jonas "disappear", the pair beat up Les until he snaps and knocks both out. Realizing that he is losing his mind, he runs to Maggie\'s store. She reveals she likes him, but does not speak to him because of a stutter; Les admits to liking her and requests to be locked up until the drug leaves his system. Les awakens the following morning to find he cannot float. In his walk home, Jonas runs him down with his car and Ted leaves as Jonas repeatedly hits Les with the automobile, until Les walks off injured, but now with confidence.'] ['Poindexter Williams, known as \'Fool\', is a resident of a ghetto of Los Angeles. Fool learns that he and his family have been evicted from their apartment by their landlords, the Robesons. Leroy , an acquaintance of Fool\'s sister Ruby, offers to help Fool provide for his family by planning a burglary of the Robesons\' residence after discovering evidence of gold coins in their possession. The Robesons themselves, known only as Daddy  and Mommy  live in a large home in a residential neighborhood with their daughter Alice  whom they terrorize and abuse incessantly. Leroy and his associate Spenser take Fool to the house for reconnaissance, but are foiled; Spenser, posing as a municipal worker, succeeds, but when the Robesons leave the home, Fool and Leroy became suspicious and decide to break in. They find the house is heavily fortified against all forms of escape: doors have industrial locks, and all windows are sound- and shatterproof glass wired and padlocked from the outside. After escaping a vicious attack dog named Prince, they split up; Fool ventures into the dungeon-like basement, where strange noises and figures scurry behind a barricaded corral under the stairwell, and finds Spenser dead on the floor. Terrified, Fool flees and reunites with Leroy as the Robesons return; Leroy is discovered and shot to death by Daddy, while Fool is drawn by a lure into a labyrinth of passageways between the walls that leads to an older section of the house, where he meets Alice. She tells him that the people in the cellar are the former children of her parents who have disobeyed one of the three "see/speak/hear no evil" rules of the household. The children have had the offending body parts amputated as punishment before being imprisoned in the basement, where they have degenerated into cannibalism to survive. Alice has avoided this fate by obeying the rules without question. She also tells him that one of the boys, a mute named Roach , has escaped from the cellar and into the walls, evading Daddy, who relentlessly hunts him through the house with a shotgun while clad in a full-bodied leather BDSM outfit. When the police arrive to inspect Leroy\'s van, the Robesons discover Fool\'s phony Cub Scout uniform and realize he is inside the house. Fool narrowly manages to evade detection with the aid of Roach, but is captured when he is reunited with Alice; Roach escapes, but is shot in the process. He rescues Fool from the cellar after Daddy leaves him for the cannibals, giving him a small bag of gold coins and a written plea to save Alice before succumbing to his wound. Fool ascends the furnace chute to save Alice. Fool punches Daddy as he and Alice escape into the heating ducts. Meanwhile, Daddy finds Roach\'s dead body in the furnace and cremates him. Then Daddy has Prince to kill Fool. It was a failure as Fool uses the dog to avoid his death, inadvertently causing Daddy to accidentally kill Prince. They reach the attic and find an open window below the garden pond, but Alice is too afraid to jump and Fool is forced to do so without her after Daddy discovers them. Fool climbs over the fence to freedom, but yells to Alice that he will return for her. Once home, his grandfather Booker  plans to pawn the coins to pay for the family\'s rent and a life-saving operation for Fool\'s mother. He also tells them that the Robesons are not spouses, but siblings, the last of a mortician family that built a fortune based on exorbitant pricing and unscrupulous real estate deals. Greed and paranoia eventually drove them into incestuous procreation, and each generation has become increasingly unstable and psychotic. Fool alerts the police, and sneaks back into the house as the Robesons successfully hide their actions with a clever charade. After the police leave, they ambush him, but he frees himself and climbs towards the attic, where he finds Alice bound to the chimney. Once informed that she was kidnapped by the Robesons, she commits to helping him stop them. Fool wanted to escape the same way he did the first time, but Alice warns him that the minute Fool escaped, Daddy has drained the pond with broken glass and rocks on it, sealed off many of the passageways, and wired the entire house with explosives. Fool is cornered by Daddy during a failed surprise attack, but is saved when Ruby, Booker, and the rest of the ghetto converge on the house, distracting them enough for him to escape into the corral. The People Under the Stairs, eager to assist an ally of Roach, take Fool to the vault, where the Robesons have stashed their enormous stores of cash and gold, as well as their stockpile of dynamite. Alice is cornered by Mommy, but the cannibals break out of the basement and chase her to the kitchen, where Alice stabs her with a kitchen knife and denounces her as her mother; they then slit her throat and toss her down the basement steps to be preyed upon by the other children. Distraught, Daddy tracks Fool to the vault, only to find that he has commandeered the detonating wires and threatens to blow up the vault; Daddy attempts a feint, and Fool sets off the detonator. The resulting explosion demolishes most of the house and spits the money up through the crematorium chimney and onto the throngs of people waiting outside; Daddy is thrown through the corral wall and into the sewer, where he dies. Alice and Fool reunite in the basement, the tenants outside reclaim their pilfered fortunes, and the freed People Under the Stairs venture into the night.'] ['In 1986, 12-year-old Justin "Rocketshoe" Schumacher and his breakdancing group, The Funky Fresh Boyz, are ready for the annual talent show. The somewhat shy Justin has a crush on Jen, giving her a Garbage Pail Kid card in exchange for her Smurfette figurine, before his rival, the obnoxious rich kid Kip, gives her an expensive necklace. Justin and the Funky Fresh Boyz start the show, and in an effort to impress Jen and win the contest, Justin uses a dangerous and untested headspin maneuver, flips off stage and falls into a coma. Twenty years later, Justin is still in a coma. The doctors tell his desperate parents that at this point, there is little sign that Justin will recover, and they decide to pull the plug on him. As his parents say goodbye and leave, however, a janitor rolls by with a radio playing the same song from the 1986 talent competition, "Rockit" by Herbie Hancock, which jars his brain to function, waking him from his 20-year coma. Justin now finds himself suddenly 32 years old, his parents bankrupt from overdue life support payments, and Jen, who has become a girls\' dance instructor, engaged to Kip. Kip is now an obnoxious promoter, and is set to host a breakdance contest broadcast on national television, with a grand prize of $100,000. Justin realizes that the money could help him repay his parents for what they\'ve spent on his medical bills. Kip is sarcastic and still despises Justin, and schemes to keep him off the show and away from Jen. Justin has a difficult time adjusting to both his deteriorated physical condition and the severe culture shock he encounters after 20 years, and is nearly arrested as a child predator before being recognized by a mall security guard, his old friend and Funky Fresh Boy, Darnell. Darnell, who is now both a toy store employee and a failed inventor frequently slapped around by his wife, explains much of what has changed in the past 20 years to Justin, before introducing him to the rest of the crew. Aki is an accountant, and has lost his old stereotypical Asian accent thanks to English classes; he is also trying to woo a colleague who claims he might have a 2% chance of sleeping with her if he were a professional breakdancer. Hector is now a meter maid, and is even more overweight than he was in school. Despite their reluctance to return to the \'80s lifestyle, they agree to try to retrain their faded breakdancing skills to help Justin. Initially the four are terrible, but their skills improve greatly with Justin\'s help, as Aki studies a Robosapien toy to reclaim his mastery of the robot. Justin and Jen begin reminiscing about the old days, and he eventually asks her on a date, which she thinks is just still a harmless crush. However, with the help of the internet and practicing on Hector wearing a bra, Justin learns how to please a woman quite well. A surprise appearance by David Hasselhoff allows the pair to go on a date in KITT from Knight Rider, however, just as Justin has her shirt off and is making his move, Kip calls, and Jen is reminded that she is still engaged to him and runs off embarrassed. During a rather sour birthday party celebration, Justin is confronted by the diminutive but talented Cole of the Iced Cole Crew, a group hired by Kip to ensure that the Funky Fresh Boyz don\'t win the contest. Cole challenges Justin to a dance-off in the parking lot, and after Cole\'s impressive routine a nervous and depressed Justin vomits on Cole and runs off, too disillusioned to compete on the show. The rest of the Boyz decide to have a breakdancing homeless man stand in for him. Kip gloats to Jen about his psychological victory over Justin, causing her to finally break up with him. As the dance tournament progresses, the Funky Fresh Boyz and the Iced Cole Crew each progress in their individual brackets toward the finals. Jen finds Justin sulking in a local bar, and convinces him that she wants to be with him and to come back to compete in the show. Justin convinces his worried parents that he will be alright, reciting the lyrics to the theme song from Diff\'rent Strokes as an inspirational speech. Although Kip tries to prevent him from dancing, Jen stirs the crowd and Cole into letting him dance, and the FFB get the win when Justin is able to successfully complete the headspin maneuver from \'86. Kip is outraged and has a huge tantrum leading to him challenging Justin to a last dance off but the FFB don\'t give in. Kip is fired from the network, knocked out by a man from earlier in the film for using the word "retarded" and is urinated on by the homeless dancer. The Funky Fresh Boyz win the prize money, and Justin marries Jen. In the epilogue, she is currently teaching him how to use an iPod, though he is having trouble finding out where he puts the cassette tape in. Darnell has invented the 98¢ store, but his wife is still rather abusive towards him. Hector finds work as a Jennifer Lopez impersonator in Las Vegas, and Aki marries his co-worker Yu in a lavish Jewish ceremony, which has increased his chances of sleeping with her to 3%. Kip never recovered fully from being punched, became slightly retarded, and is a judge on Dancing with the Stars.'] ['In this social satire, Barbara Undershaft , an idealistic major in the Salvation Army, is deeply troubled by the fact that her father, Andrew Undershaft , is a wealthy weapons manufacturer. Meanwhile, Andrew is looking for an heir for his industrial empire, in particular a foundling like himself.'] ['Honey Whitlock  is a Hollywood A-list actress whose public persona is that of a sweet and considerate woman, but who is demanding and mean. She regularly uses profane language and makes unreasonable demands. While in Baltimore to attend a premiere, Honey is kidnapped by the manic film director, Cecil B. Demented  and his band of misfit, Andy Warhol-worshiping artists who have branded themselves "kamikaze filmmakers", going by the group name "SprocketHoles". Each of the SprocketHoles, having infiltrated the staff of the theatre where the premiere is to take place; they subsequently kidnap Honey as she concludes her remarks on stages. In the ensuing mayhem, the group escapes. Honey is taken to an abandoned movie theatre where she\'s kept captive. Honey is introduced to Cecil\'s crew of outlandish followers, all of whom have the names of famous film makers tattooed on themselves as well as their own uniquely outlandish quirks. Cecil explains that he wants to make his masterpiece film and needs Honey to star as the lead. Honey first resists and shoots scenes with no emotion but when Cecil demands better results, Honey gives an over the top performance in the movie\'s opening scene which pleases him. Apart from the first scene Cecil, Honey and the crew run around the city, filming scenes at real  locations, often involving innocent bystanders in the process. The group\'s first location is a luncheon being hosted by the Baltimore Film Commission. The group crashes the event. Cecil orders Honey to jump off the roof of a nearby building, which she does without safety measures. A gunfight ensues between Cecil\'s crew and the police. As gunfire is exchanged, Rodney the hairdresser is killed and Cecil is wounded. Honey uses the opportunity to turn herself into the authorities and they take her away in a police car but she is rescued soon after. As Honey seems to become more comfortable with her situation, possibly developing Stockholm Syndrome, she watches a television special discussing her disappearance. Persons who knew her, including her ex-husband , are interviewed and come clean about how mean-spirited she truly was. Honey now realizes that her desire to escape would only lead her back to Hollywood, where she is hated for being rude. She resists the idea of joining Cecil\'s followers but changes her mind and declares herself "Demented forever", burning a brand into her arm and officially joining the motley crew. After these events, the crew invades the set of the Forrest Gump sequel being filmed in Baltimore, at Honey\'s suggestion. When the crew arrives they subdue and replace many of the film\'s crew. A gunfight breaks out between Cecil\'s friends and teamsters who have got free. Members of Cecil\'s crew are ethier killed or wounded. The surviving Sprocketholes and Honey flee to a nearby pornographic theatre and seek refuge inside. The audience helps Cecil escape. At their last location, Cecil is shooting the final scene at a local drive-in while law enforcement are alerted. Cecil and the crew take over the projection room and he proceeds to excite the crowd into a frenzy. He asks Honey to light her hair on fire for the final shot . With the film finished, the Sprocketholes start having sex in public before the authorities step in. Cecil sets himself completely ablaze as police arrive to give Honey a chance to run away. In the ensuing chaos, some crew members escape with the raw film footage while others are shot. Honey is taken into custody and is taken aback from the new affection and devotion people have for her as she goes into the police van.'] ['One night after hearing the words of Maxwell H. Brock , a poet who performs at The Yellow Door cafe, socially awkward busboy Walter Paisley  returns home to attempt to create a sculpture of the face of the hostess Carla . He stops when he hears the meowing of Frankie, the cat owned by his inquisitive landlady, Mrs. Surchart , who has somehow gotten himself stuck in Walter\'s wall. Walter attempts to get Frankie out using a knife, but accidentally kills the cat when he sticks the knife into his wall. Instead of giving Frankie a proper burial, Walter covers the cat in clay, leaving the knife stuck in it.  The next morning, Walter shows the cat to Carla and his boss Leonard . Leonard dismisses the oddly morbid piece, but Carla is enthusiastic about the work and convinces Leonard to display it in the café. Walter receives praise from the beatnik ([[John Brinkley  and poets in the café and is approached by an adoring fan, Naolia , who gives him a vial of heroin to remember her by. Naively ignorant of its function, he takes it home and is followed by Lou Raby , an undercover cop, who attempts to take him into custody for narcotics possession. In a blind panic, thinking Lou is about to shoot him, Walter hits him with the frying pan he is holding, killing Lou instantly. Meanwhile, Walter\'s boss discovers the secret behind Walter\'s "Dead Cat" piece when he sees fur sticking out of it. The next morning, Walter tells the café-goers that he has a whole new piece, which he calls "Murdered Man." Both Leonard and Carla come with Walter as he unveils his latest work and are simultaneously amazed and appalled. Carla critiques it as "hideous and eloquent" and deserving of a public exhibition. Leonard is aghast at the idea, but realizes the potential for wealth if he plays his cards right. The next night, Walter is treated like a king by almost everyone, except for a blonde model named Alice , who is widely disliked by her peers. Walter later follows her home and confronts her, explaining that he wants her to model. At Walter\'s apartment, Alice strips nude and poses in a chair, where Walter proceeds to strangle her with her scarf. Walter creates a statue of Alice which, once unveiled, so impresses Brock that he throws a party at the Yellow Door in Walter\'s honor. Costumed as a carnival fool, Walter is wined and dined to excess. After the party, Walter later stumbles towards his apartment. Still drunk, he beheads a factory worker with his own buzz-saw to create a bust. When he shows the head to Leonard, his boss realizes that he must stop Walter\'s murderous rampage and promises Walter a show to offload his latest "statues." At the exhibit, Walter proposes to Carla, but she rejects him. Walter is distraught and now offers to sculpt her, and she happily agrees to after the reception. Back at the exhibit, however, she finds part of the clay on one figure has worn away, revealing a human finger. When she tells Walter that there is a body in one of the sculptures, he tells her that he "made them immortal," and that he can make her immortal too. She flees the exhibit, and he chases after her. Meanwhile, the others at the exhibit learn Walter\'s secret as well, and chase after them. Walter and Carla wind up at a lumber yard where Walter, haunted by the voices of Lou and Alice, stops chasing after Carla, and runs home. With discovery and retribution closing in on him, Walter then vows to "hide where they\'ll never find me." The police, Carla, Leonard and Maxwell break down Walter\'s apartment door only to find that Walter has hanged himself. Looking askance at the hanging corpse, Maxwell proclaims that this could be "his greatest work" and that he would probably had named it "Hanged Man."'] ['One narrative follows Miss Monde 1984/Miss Canada , who wins a contest of the "most virgin"; her prize is the marriage to a milk industry tycoon . However, following his degrading puritanical introduction to intercourse, she vents her intention to leave to her mother-in-law who, at that point, nearly has her killed. The family bodyguard  takes her away, further humiliates her, and finally packs her in a trunk bound for Paris. She finds herself on the Eiffel Tower, where she absently meets and has intercourse with a Latin singer, El Macho . The sexual act is interrupted by touring nuns who frighten the lovers into penis captivus. In her post-coital shocked state, she is adopted into an artist community led by Otto Muehl, where she finds affectionate care. The commune practices some liberating sessions, where a member, with the assistance of the others, goes through a birth experience, cries, urinates and defecates like a baby, while the others are cleaning and pampering him. Later she is seen acting for an obscene advertisement, in which she is naked, covered in liquid chocolate. The second narrative involves a woman, Anna Planeta  piloting a candy-filled boat down a river, with a large papier-mache head of Karl Marx on the prow. She picks up the hitchhiking sailor Potemkin , though she warns him that if he falls in love, she will kill him. He ignores her many suggestions for him to leave and their relationship evolves. Eventually, in the state of love making, she stabs him to death in their nidus of sugar. She also seduces children into her world of sweets and revolution. She is eventually apprehended and arrested by the police who lay down plastic sacks containing the children\'s bodies on the riverside, implying they too have been killed by Planeta. The film ends with the children, unseen by the others, being reborn from their plastic cocoons.'] ['Frank Cross  is a cynical television programming executive. He has found great success and wealth but only by becoming cold-hearted and cruel. His ruthless concentration on his career has cost him his true love, Claire Phillips . It has also alienated him from his brother James , and ruined any chance of having a happy and fulfilling life. Frank overworks his assistant Grace Cooley , forcing her to constantly break plans with her family and neglect her mute son Calvin. When a disturbing TV commercial that Frank personally produced is criticized by timid yes man Eliot Loudermilk , Frank responds by firing him on Christmas Eve. When Cross is given the task of heading up a live Christmas Eve broadcast of A Christmas Carol, his life begins to mirror the story he\'s producing. The decomposing corpse of his mentor, media mogul Lew Hayward , comes to tell him the error of his ways, and to announce the impending visitation of three Ghosts. Adding to Frank\'s stress is his boss, Preston Rhinelander  who takes the liberty of hiring an assistant, Brice Cummings  who is transparently after Frank\'s job. The Ghost of Christmas Past  appears as a New York City cab driver and takes Frank back to his childhood in 1955, to his late teens in 1968 when he had his first job at the TV station, in 1969 for his anniversary with Claire, and 1971 the year in which he chose his job as "Frisbee the Dog" over her. The sequence shows how Frank gradually became the man he is in the present. The Ghost of Christmas Present  then appears as a life-size pixie who delights in hitting Frank; she shows him how Grace\'s family lives in poverty because of his stinginess and how much his brother misses him. After the second ghost\'s visit, Eliot Loudermilk, drunk and angry, storms the office with a shotgun and tries to murder Frank. The Ghost of Christmas Future, a seven-foot-tall ghoul with a TV screen for a face, appears and shows Frank a future in which Calvin has ended up in a mental hospital, Claire has become as cold and uncaring as he is, and only James and James\' wife attend his cremation. Frank finally sees the error of his ways and begs for a second chance. He awakens back in his office, right as the live broadcast is wrapping up. The reformed Frank rehires Loudermilk at a considerable salary increase, steps in front of the rolling studio cameras , and delivers a monologue about spending Christmas with the people you care about instead of watching TV. Calvin urges him to add Tiny Tim\'s phrase, "God bless us, everyone", finally breaking free of his mute condition. Claire appears in the studio and Frank reconciles with her, sharing a romantic kiss as Grace and the cast and crew sing "Put a Little Love in Your Heart".'] ['The movie begins with Jesus Christ sitting on a beach relaxing and comparing the kingdom of God to a sand castle. He meets up with El Santo and a woman named Mary Magnum. Together they fight lesbian-killing vampires. Jesus fights with mixed martial arts skills and uses his carpentry skills to create weapons to slay vampires.'] [' The respectable lives of Professor of English literature Thornton Sayre  and his daughter Carol  are severely disrupted when it is revealed that he was once a matinee idol known as "Dreamboat". His films are being shown on a television show hosted by his former costar Gloria Marlowe . The college administrators clamor for his resignation, but President Mathilda May Coffey  requests and is given discretionary power to decide what to do. In private, she admits to Thornton that she had been one of his biggest fans. Thornton hastily leaves for New York to get an injunction against the show, taking Carol along. There they meet Sam Levitt , the man responsible for airing the movies. While Sam and Gloria try to get Thornton to change his mind, Sam has underling Bill Ainslee  show Carol the sights. Undaunted, Thornton eventually gets his injunction, but his life is irreparably changed. He is fired after spurning Coffey\'s advances, and Bill and Carol have fallen in love and are planning to get married. When Gloria gloats over his setbacks, Thornton reveals that a major movie studio is interested in reviving his film career. Months later, Bill and Carol attend Thornton\'s premiere in Sitting Pretty - a real film starring Clifton Webb. Gloria then reveals to Thornton that she has bought his contract and is now his boss.'] ['Two men, Peter and John, are making a modern pilgrimage from Paris to Santiago de Compostela along the traditional Way of St. James. As they walk along a roadside in France, they encounter a man in a black cape who tells them to sleep with a prostitute and have children with her. Then the pilgrims reach an inn, wherein an officer and a priest are discussing the nature of the eucharist and whether the body of Christ enters it by transubstantiation or consubstantiation. The discussion ends absurdly as the priest is taken away by doctors from a nearby mental hospital. Later on, the pilgrims find shelter for the night on a farm while a secret Priscillian sect is meeting nearby. The secret service involves ritual repetition, a short statement of faith, followed by sexual encounters between the male and female congregation. Next, the pilgrims seek food from an upscale restaurant, wherein the restaurant owner is explaining to his staff controversy of the divinity of Jesus Christ as debated during the First Council of Nicaea. Later on, the pilgrims observe an automobile accident. As they investigate the accident, they encounter a strange man who may be Death or one of his helpers, and this strange man gives one of the pilgrims the dead man\'s shoes. Further on, the pilgrims pass by a boarding school and watch the children perform for their parents and teachers. As a class of young girls recites heresies and proclaim them "anathema", one of the pilgrims imagines the execution of a pope by a band of revolutionaries. Then the pilgrims come across a chapel, wherein a group of Jansenist nuns is nailing one nun to a wooden cross. Outside, a Jesuit and a Jansenist have a sword duel while arguing over doctrines of predestination and irresistible grace for sinners. Finally, the two pilgrims reach Spain, where they agree to take care of the mule for two other men. These new men leave the pilgrims travel to a nearby chapel where they watch the official desecration of a priest\'s grave because of the discovery of heretical posthumous writings regarding the nature of the trinity. The two men proclaim loudly that the Godhead is not trinitarian and escape. In the forest, they switch clothes with some hunters swimming in a lake, and they discard a rosary discovered in one of their pockets. Later that night, the vision of the Virgin Mary appears to them and returns the rosary. The two men and the original pilgrims meet again at an inn, where they tell a local priest about their recent miraculous vision. The priest recounts another miracle, in which the Virgin Mary takes the form and duties of an errant nun for several years until the nun returns to the convent as if she had never left. Later that night, the priest further explains how her immaculate conception and role as the mother of Christ requires that her virginity must have remained intact during the physical birth of Jesus, like "sunshine penetrating a window". When the pilgrims reach Santiago de Compostela, they meet a prostitute who wants to become pregnant and gives the same names for the children as those predicted by the man in the cape at the beginning of the film. In the last scene in the film, two modern blind men encounter Jesus and his disciples. Their blindness is healed but are then ignored as they ask for help to understand what they are seeing for the first time.'] ['In futuristic London, Alex  is the leader of his "droogs", Pete , Georgie , and Dim , one of many youth gangs in the decaying metropolis. One night, after intoxicating themselves on "milk plus", they engage in an evening of "ultra-violence", including beating an elderly vagrant , and fighting a rival gang led by Billyboy .Both Burgess\' novel and Stanley Kubrick\'s published movie script have this character\'s name as one word "Billyboy" although the Internet Movie Database lists him in the credits with two words "Billy Boy". Stealing a car, they drive to the country home of writer F. Alexander ([[Patrick Magee , where they beat Mr. Alexander to the point of crippling him for life. Alex then rapes his wife  while intoning "Singin\' in the Rain". The next day, while truant from school, Alex is approached by probation officer Mr. P. R. Deltoid , who is aware of Alex\'s violence and cautions him. In response, Alex visits a record store where he picks up two girls. Alex and the girls have sex in a fast-motion scene. After the events of the night before, his droogs express discontent with Alex\'s petty crimes, demanding more equality and more high-yield thefts. Alex reasserts his leadership by attacking them and throwing them into a canal. That night, Alex invades the mansion of a wealthy "cat"-woman , filled with erotic art. While his droogs remain at the front door, Alex bludgeons the woman with a phallic statue. At the climax of the attack, close-ups of the erotic paintings on the walls are barely visible in single-frame sequences. Hearing police sirens, Alex tries to run away, but is betrayed by his droogs. Dim smashes a pint bottle of milk across his face, leaving him stunned and bleeding. Alex is captured and brutally beaten by the police. A gloating Deltoid spits in his face and informs him that the woman subsequently died in the hospital, making him a murderer. Alex is sentenced to 14 years incarceration. Two years into the sentence, the Minister of the Interior  arrives at the prison looking for test subjects for the Ludovico technique, an experimental aversion therapy for rehabilitating criminals within two weeks; Alex readily volunteers. The process involves drugging the subject, strapping him to a chair, propping his eyelids open, and forcing him to watch violent movies. Alex, initially pleased by the violent images he sees, becomes nauseated due to the drugs. He realizes that one of the films\' soundtracks is by his favourite composer, Ludwig van Beethoven, and that the Ludovico technique will make him sick when he hears the music he loves. He tries unsuccessfully to end the treatment. After two weeks of the Ludovico technique, the Minister of the Interior puts on a demonstration to prove that Alex is "cured". He is shown to be incapable of fighting back against an actor  who insults and attacks him, and he becomes violently ill at the sight of a topless woman . Though the prison chaplain  protests at the results, saying that "there\'s no morality without choice", the prison governor  asserts that they are not interested in the moral questions but only "the means to prevent violence". Alex is released and finds that his possessions have been confiscated by the police to help make restitution to his victims, and that his parents have rented out his room. Homeless, Alex encounters the same elderly vagrant from before, who attacks him with several other friends. Alex is saved by two policemen but is shocked to discover they are two of his former droogs, Dim and Georgie. They drag Alex to the countryside, where they beat and nearly drown him. The dazed Alex wanders the countryside before coming to the home of Mr Alexander, and collapses. Alex wakes up to find himself being treated by Mr Alexander and his manservant, Julian . Mr Alexander does not recognize Alex as his attacker but has read about his treatment in the newspapers. Seeing Alex as a political weapon to usurp the government, Mr Alexander intends to expose the Ludovico technique as a step toward totalitarianism by way of mind control. As Mr. Alexander prepares to introduce Alex to colleagues , he hears Alex singing "Singin\' in the Rain" in the bath, and the memories of the earlier assault return. With his colleagues\' help, Mr. Alexander drugs Alex and places him in a locked upstairs bedroom, playing Beethoven\'s Ninth Symphony through the floor below. Alex, in excruciating pain, throws himself from the window and is knocked unconscious by the fall. Alex wakes up in a hospital, having dreamt about doctors messing around inside his head. While being given a series of psychological tests, Alex finds that he no longer has an aversion to violence. The Minister of the Interior arrives and apologizes to Alex, letting him know that Mr Alexander has been "put away". He offers to take care of Alex and get him a job in return for cooperation with his PR counter-offensive. As a sign of goodwill, the Minister brings in a stereo system playing Beethoven\'s Ninth Symphony. Alex then realizes that instead of an adverse reaction to the music, he sees an image of himself having sex in the snow with a woman in front of an approving crowd dressed in Beethoven-era fashion. He then states, in a sarcastic and menacing voice-over, "I was cured, all right!"'] ["The film is set in the late 1970s in Wielice, People's Republic of Poland. Factory worker Filip Mosz  is a nervous new father and a doting husband when he begins filming his daughter's first days with a newly acquired 8mm movie camera. He believes, as he tells his wife, that he now has everything he ever wanted since his youth as an orphan, but when the local Communist Party boss asks him to film an upcoming jubilee celebration of his plant, his fascination with the possibilities of film begins to transform his life. When they see his edited short film of the conference/celebration, his superiors find his shot of a pigeon useless and his shots of several negotiators at a business meeting too probing. His boss suggests that Filip cut the shots of the entertainers being paid, the men going to the bathroom, and the business meeting.  He submits the film to a festival in another town, and gains second prize. No, first prize is awarded because the committee feels that the work was not good enough, even Filip's work, however, he is given an award as an incentive to keep filming. His responsibilities to his wife and daughter slip off his radar as his gaze fixes on Anna Wlodarczyk , various activities he films, and the world of cinephiles. The Kraków TV station airs Filip's film about a little person  who works at the factory and another one about the misallocated town renovation funds. Filip's boss gives him a talking: work on the new nursery school will have to stop because of his expose, and Stasio will lose his job. After that, Filip gets the canister for his as-yet undeveloped new film about the brickyard, opens it and tosses the film out to be exposed to the light. Alone at home, his wife has left with their daughter, Filip turns his, now 16mm, camera on himself."] ['The film\'s premise is that Sherlock Holmes is a fictional character created by Dr. John Watson  to enable him to solve crimes incognito during a period when he was applying for a post at a reclusive medical practise. Although he failed to get the position, to satisfy public demand to see Holmes in person, he hires alcoholic unemployed actor Reginald Kincaid  to play him. "Holmes" and Watson put a stop to a museum robbery, with Watson doing most of the work, but the press only wants to hear from Holmes. When "Holmes" begins hogging the spotlight, a jealous Watson fires him, writes the character off, and tries to start a new series about "The Crime Doctor." However, he must call Holmes back when the British Government wants Holmes and no one else to solve a mystery involving Bank of England £5 banknote printing plates and a printing supervisor, Peter Giles, that went missing the night of the museum robbery. With these stolen, the collapse of the British Empire\'s economy would prove inevitable. Inspector Lestrade  is jealous of Holmes\' apparent sleuthing skills, and takes every opportunity to spy on Holmes and Watson and to steal their ideas. The path of clues leads them to team up with Peter Giles\' daughter, Leslie  and a twelve-year-old Irregular, Wiggins ([[Matt Savage . Just when Watson and "Holmes" discover that Professor Moriarty ([[Paul Freeman  is the mastermind behind the scheme, Watson is apparently killed in an attempt to capture Moriarty, forcing "Holmes" to solve the case on his own. Having tracked the villain to an abandoned theatre, "Holmes" discovers Watson still alive, the two working together to free Giles and defeat Moriarty, Kincaid demonstrating his sword-fighting skills in a duel with Moriarty. Presented with a new appreciation of each other\'s strengths, Watson turns down Kincaid\'s \'offer\' to retire, assuring the public that they will continue their detective work.'] ['{{plot}} The story follows music composer/singer Winslow Leach ([[William Finley , who is seen by satanic record producer Swan ([[Paul Williams  during his performance as a back-up act to the nostalgia band The Juicy Fruits, whom Swan produces. Swan is deeply moved by Winslow\'s song, and, deeming Winslow\'s music as the perfect music to open "The Paradise" – Swan\'s highly anticipated new concert hall – has his right-hand man Arnold Philbin  steal it. When Winslow arrives at Death Records, Swan\'s record label, he is thrown out. When he sneaks into "The Swanage", Swan\'s private mansion, to find out what\'s going on, he observes several women all rehearsing his music for an audition. One of them is Phoenix , an aspiring singer, whom Winslow deems perfect for his music and the two quickly fall for one another. Winslow is told of Swan\'s plan to open the Paradise with Winslow\'s music. When Winslow sneaks in once more, Swan orders he be thrown out again and for his minions to beat up Winslow and frame him for drug dealing. Winslow is given a life sentence in Sing Sing Prison. In prison, Winslow\'s teeth are extracted as part of an experimental prisoner program funded by the Swan Foundation. His teeth are now replaced with shiny metal ones. Six months later, Winslow hears on the radio, while assembling tiddlywinks games in the prison rehab center, that The Juicy Fruits, whom he hates, have made an anticipated hit record of his music with Swan\'s backing. Winslow goes berserk, punches out a guard and escapes from prison in a delivery box driven off prison property. He breaks into the Death Records building and tears the place up. He then breaks into Swan\'s record factory where he sets out to destroy a record press. When a guard catches him fiddling with the record press, Winslow slips and the record press catches his sleeve, tumbling him head first into the record press which crushes and burns his face and destroys his vocal cords. Bleeding profusely and with his face now severely mutilated, a very disoriented Winslow makes his way to the edge of the East River and tumbles into the water. The newspaper reports the details of the night and that his body was not recovered. Sneaking into the Paradise, Winslow makes his way into the costume department where he dons a black leather costume, a long, black cape  and a silver, owl-like mask to cover his now scarred face, becoming the Phantom of the Paradise so he can terrorize Swan and his musicians. He plants a time bomb on a prop car and nearly kills The Beach Bums . Swan, seeing the Phantom on a security camera, realizes there is an intruder about. The Phantom confronts Swan who recognizes him as Winslow. Swan offers the composer the chance to have his music produced his way. Auditions are held and the Phantom selects Phoenix. Later, in a secluded recording studio, Swan provides the Phantom with an electronic voice-box, enabling him to speak and sing (but with the voice of [[Paul Williams . Swan asks the Phantom to rewrite his cantata for Phoenix. The Phantom reluctantly agrees on the condition that Phoenix is the lead singer and that Swan plays "what I write!" Swan promises and the Phantom signs a contract in blood. Swan is later shown bitterly listening to the recording session with Winslow: while he sounded normal at the time, the tapes mysterious play back Swan\'s voice as ragged, wicked and monstrous-sounding. While the Phantom remains in the recording studio rewriting his cantata, Swan breaks the deal by telling Philbin that he resents Phoenix\'s "perfection" for the lead role: "You know how I abhor perfection in anyone but myself." Swan puts a pill-popping, effeminate male glam rock prima uomo simply dubbed "Beef"  in the lead of Winslow\'s Faust with Phoenix as a backup singer. Beef is revealed to the media at a press conference where all cameras and recording devices are strictly banned, as per Swan\'s policy. After days of isolation, the Phantom completes Faust, Swan having gotten him hooked on uppers in the process. Swan steals the completed cantata while ordering his minions to seal the Phantom up inside the recording studio with a brick wall. However, when the Phantom awakens that night to realizes he has been betrayed again he manages to escape in a fit of fury. The Phantom then confronts Beef (in a comic allusion to the shower scene in [[Psycho  and threatens to kill him if he performs. Beef tries to flee, but is stopped by Philbin, who suggests to Beef that it was all a drug-induced hallucination. Onstage the glam-rock band The Undeads , costumed to resemble the sonambulist from The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari, sing of the ultimate man, appearing to dismember audience members  and making a show of appearing to turn the parts into Beef, now costumed as a glitter-clad Frankenstein\'s monster. As Beef performs a completely rewritten glam-rock version of Winslow\'s "Old Souls", the Phantom, hidden in the rafters, strikes and electrocutes Beef  with a lightning-bolt-shaped neon sign. Horrified, Philbin orders Phoenix onstage as a replacement. Phoenix, singing the true version of Winslow\'s music at last, is an immediate sensation with the audience. As they continue to cheer for Beef outside as his dead body is loaded into an ambulance, Swan now realizes the potential of the situation. In Phoenix\'s dressing room, Swan arrives and seduces Phoenix, telling her of her future stardom. As she leaves, she is nearly overwhelmed by the zealous crowd, but is quickly carted away by the Phantom. On the roof, the Phantom tells Phoenix his true identity. He implores Phoenix to leave the Paradise so Swan won\'t destroy her like he has destroyed everything else. Phoenix does not believe him and, fearing the Phantom, flees. At the Swanage, the Phantom observes Swan and Phoenix locked in a tight embrace. Heartbroken, he commits suicide by stabbing himself through the heart with his own knife. However, the Phantom awakens from death to see Swan standing over him. Pulling the knife out, Swan tells the Phantom that he cannot die because he is locked to the blood contract he had signed earlier: The Phantom cannot die until Swan himself has died. With that knowledge, the Phantom attempts to stab Swan through the heart, but Swan is unharmed and merely pulls the knife away replying, "I\'m under contract, too!" Rolling Stone announces the upcoming wedding between Swan and Phoenix during Faust{{\'}}s finale. While everyone prepares, the Phantom sneaks into Swan\'s private taping room to watch the tape containing the blood contract. Watching the tape, the Phantom then learns that Swan made a pact with the devil over twenty years ago: Swan will remain youthful forever unless the videotaped recording of his contract is destroyed. Future photos, videos and recordings of Swan will age and fester in his place, explaining why he abhors being caught on film. The tape goes on to reveal footage of Winslow signing his contract with Swan and finally a new one Swan made with Phoenix when she was stoned, promising him "her voice" upon her death . Then, on a live TV camera, the Phantom observes a hit man assembling a rifle and realizes Swan is planning to have Phoenix assassinated during the ceremony. The Phantom destroys all the recordings by setting them on fire and heads off to the wedding between Phoenix and Swan. The wedding is in full swing onstage, with Philbin officiating and Swan wearing gloves and a silver mask of his own face to prevent being properly filmed. The Phantom manages to throw off the assassin\'s aim to stop him from hitting Phoenix, causing him to shoot and kill Philbin instead. With the tapes destroyed and Swan now mortal once again, the Phantom swings down onto the stage and rips off Swan\'s mask, finally exposing him as a monster on live television. Swan\'s face is now hideous, burning away like the tapes and contracts. Realizing what\'s happening, a crazed Swan gropes for Phoenix\'s throat, demanding she give him her voice, beginning to strangle her. The Phantom intervenes and stabs Swan repeatedly in the chest with the metal beak of a backup dancer\'s bird-shaped headpiece. The moment he does, his own fatal wound reopens. As he is dying, Swan is carried around by the audience, who are driven to the point of hysteria and join in stabbing him. The dying Winslow also removes his mask to reveal his own face, and cheered on by the crowd, crawls on the floor towards the shocked Phoenix. Just as he holds out a hand to her, Swan dies, allowing Winslow to die of his own wound. As Winslow collapses, Phoenix finally recognizes him as the kind man she met in line. Phoenix rushes over and lies down next to him, crying and heartbroken as the audience raves. The closing credits feature a series of montages of the cast members, identifying each by name, commencing with the musical trio and concluding with Winslow/The Phantom. Most of the shots in these montages are from the film, but there are also several from outtakes.'] ['Patricia Cross and her boyfriend Larry Osborne, two students in a San Francisco school, become expelled for the publication of an off-campus underground paper. As a result, a philosophy professor, Dr. Jonathon Barnett, resigns his teaching position and decides to become an advocate for the counterculture youth movement and, specifically, the use of LSD. The hippies of the Haight-Ashbury district  first see him as a hero and then as something even more. Dr. Barnett even makes an appearance on the Joe Pyne TV show to voice his support of the hippie community and the use of LSD. One scheming young man sees the opportunity to build Dr. Barnett as a the head of a cult centered around the use of LSD. He hopes to earn profit from the users, Dr. Barnett\'s speeches known as "happenings," and their lifestyles. At a massive LSD-fueled dance, Patricia begins to have a bad trip which leads to an argument between her and Pat, ultimately splitting the couple up. After Patricia realizes that she\'s pregnant, Dr. Barnett advises her to have an abortion, ultimately leading to Patricia attempting suicide. However, Larry saves her and makes the destruction of Dr. Barnett\'s cult his primary objective. Larry shoots Dr. Barnett from the crowd at one of his massive speeches. As another hippie in attendance calms the audience and Elliot sees his new leader for their cult-like organization, Larry realizes that his assassination of Dr. Barnett simply made him a martyr for the hippie movement.<ref name | titlehttp://www.movietome.com/movie/283836/the-love-ins/index.html | workCBS Interactive Inc. | year2009-04-05}}'] ['Uncouth tycoon Harry Brock  goes to Washington, D.C. with his brassy mistress, Emma \'Billie\' Dawn , and his crooked lawyer, Jim Devery , to "influence" a politician or two. The lawyer also presses Harry to marry Billie on the grounds that a wife cannot testify against her husband. Harry becomes disgusted with Billie\'s ignorance and lack of manners  and hires a tutor for her, journalist Paul Verrall . Blossoming under Paul\'s encouragement, Billie turns out to be much smarter than anybody knew and begins thinking for herself. The two fall in love. Meanwhile, Devery had persuaded Harry to sign over many of his assets to Billie to hide them from the government. When Harry needs to get them back, he comes into conflict with Billie\'s new-found independence. She and Paul use her leverage to escape from Harry\'s domination; she promises to give him back his property little by little as long as he leaves them alone. Billie and Paul marry.'] ['The film begins in 1881 at Stavoren, a small town on the outskirts of the Netherlands, and follows the journey of Katie\'s family to Amsterdam, where they hope to escape the grinding poverty of their native town by finding work in the capital. Upon their arrival Katie manages to secure employment at a dye-works, but is fired when she refuses to have sex with the company director. She manages to find a job at a hat shop, where, during a business trip to a brothel, she discovers her older sister Mina is working as a prostitute. Later that evening, back at the hat shop, she is brutally raped by the owner and, as an act of revenge, smashes the shop window. Weeks go by, during which Katie\'s father struggles to make ends meet working in a factory and Mina begins a slow descent into alcoholism. While attempting to steal some bread from a market cart, Katie is knocked unconscious by a policeman and taken to a sanitorium. It soon becomes apparent that everywhere she goes her body is her only asset as one of the doctors diagnoses her with tuberculosis, but refuses her treatment unless she sleeps with him. It is unclear whether this occurs, but on her discharge Katie rejoins her family and discovers her father has been made redundant and her sister is too drunk to sleep with her clients. Katie\'s mother decides that, rather than let the family starve, Katie must go into prostitution. Her first client is a wealthy gentleman, who Katie does not satisfy due to her relative inexperience. When she approaches her second client, an artist called George ([[Peter Faber , he takes her back to his studio to pose for a painting he is working on depicting a Socialist revolution. He pays her the rate they negotiated on the street for her services, but tells her he only wants her to model for him. The next day he introduces Katie to Hugo , a banker, and Andre , a wealthy socialist, and they head to a nightclub for a meal. Katie\'s social re-education has begun. Andre is immediately attracted to Katie, but she seems more enamoured with Hugo, with whom she goes home and sleeps. That next morning Hugo provides Katie with money to buy herself a new dress and the two arrange to meet in the park. It is here that Katie\'s former life threatens to catch up with her when the gentleman she approached a few days earlier recognises her and informs Hugo he knew Katie when she only cost fifty pence." Hugo punches him, refusing to believe his story and promises Katie that she can move in with him "forever." Katie goes to see her family, informing them she intends to leave. Her mother asks how she will feed the children if Katie\'s not there to provide. Katie tells her mother she "should have fucked less" and storms out, kicking her hysterical mother out of the way. Once at Hugo\'s, Katie settles into the life of the bourgeoisie but is soon troubled at having to go spying on some of Amsterdam\'s less affluent shop owners to see who Hugo should refuse credit to. After being exposed in a coffee shop and having her face rubbed in hot chocolate as a result, Katie tells Hugo she will not do his dirty work anymore. Very soon Hugo informs Katie that he intends to marry his fiancee and Katie must leave, stressing that their relationship was just a bit of fun that went too far. Katie, with nowhere to go, runs out onto the street and joins in a socialist march. The police arrive to break it up, opening fire on the marchers. During the confusion, Katie is reunited with George and Andre who are also present. Andre is shot in the arm and collapses, hitting his head. George takes them to a carriage waiting nearby and Andre and Katie board it, taking them to Andre\'s country mansion. Katie stays with him and, when he awakes, it becomes apparent that romance will blossom between the two. They discuss the subject of money, Katie telling Andre that "money turns people into bastards." When Andre\'s headwound begins to bleed, Katie informs Andre that the best cure is to suck the blood. "That\'s better," she says, a sliver of blood running from the corner of her mouth. The picture freezes and a roller-caption appears informing us that the film is based on true events from Nell Doff\'s life and that "her indomitable spirit lives on in this film."'] ['The film consists of several thematically linked scenes: five gatherings of a group of bourgeois friends, and the four dreams of different characters. The beginning of the film focuses on the gatherings, while the latter part focuses on the dreams, but both types of scenes are intertwined. There are also scenes involving other characters, such as two involving a Latin American female terrorist from the fictitious Republic of Miranda. The film\'s world is not logical: the bizarre events are accepted by the characters, even if they are impossible or contradictory. The film begins with a bourgeois couple, the Thévenots , accompanying M. Thévenot\'s colleague Rafael Acosta  and Mme. Thévenot\'s sister Florence , to the house of the Sénéchals, the hosts of a dinner party. Once they arrive, Alice Sénéchal  is surprised to see them and explains that she expected them the following evening and has no dinner prepared. The would-be guests invite Mme Sénéchal to join them for dinner at a nearby inn. Finally arriving at the inn, the party find it locked. They knock and are invited in, despite the waitress\' seeming reluctance and an ominous mention of "new management". Inside, there are no diners  and the sound of wailing voices from an adjoining room. It is learned that the manager died a few hours earlier and his former employees are holding vigil over his corpse, awaiting the coroner. The party hurriedly leave. Two days later, the bourgeois friends attempt to have lunch at the Sénéchals, but he  and his wife escape to the garden to have sex instead of joining them. One of the bourgeois friends takes this as a sign that perhaps the Sénéchals are aware the police are coming  and were leaving to avoid arrest. The party leaves again in panic. Then the women visit a tea house, which turns out to have run out of all beverages - tea, coffee, milk, and herbal tea, although it finally turns out that they do have water. While they are waiting, a soldier tells them about his childhood and how, after the death of his mother, his education was taken over by his cold-hearted father. The soldier\'s mother  informs him that the man is not his real father, but in fact killed the soldier\'s father during a duel over his mother. Following his ghost mother\'s request, the soldier poisons and kills the culprit. When the Senechals return from their garden after sneaking off to make love, their friends are gone but they meet a bishop who had arrived shortly after. He greets them in their gardener\'s clothing, and they angrily throw him out. When he returns in his bishop\'s robes, they embrace him with deference, exposing their prejudice, snobbery, and hypocrisy. The bishop asks to work for them as their gardener. He explains to them about his childhood - about how his parents were murdered by arsenic poisoning, and the culprit was never apprehended. Later on in the film, he goes to bless a dying man, but when it turns out that the man had killed the bishop\'s parents, he first blesses him, then fires a shotgun, killing the man - thus closing the circle of hypocrisy. Various other aborted dinners ensue, with interruptions including the arrival of a group of French army officers who join the dinner, or the revelation that a French colonel\'s dining room is in fact a stage set in a theatrical performance, during a dream sequence. Ghosts make frequent appearances in what seemed to be disconcerting dream sequences. Buñuel plays tricks on his characters, luring them toward fine dinners that they expect, and then repeatedly frustrating them in inventive ways. They bristle, and politely express their outrage, but they never stop trying; they relentlessly expect and pursue all that they desire, as though it were their natural right to have others serve and pamper them. He exposes their sense of entitlement, their hypocrisy, and their corruption. In the dream sequences, he explores their intense fears - not just of public humiliation, but of being caught by police, and mowed down by guns. At least one character\'s dream sequence is later revealed to be nested, or embedded, in another character\'s dream sequence. As the dreams-within-dreams unfold, it appears that Buñuel is also playing tricks on his audience, as we try to make sense of the story. A recurring scene throughout the film, wherein the six people are walking silently and purposefully on a long, isolated country road toward a mysterious destination, is also in the final sequence.'] ['Most of the characters in the film are not named. A girl disguises herself as a boy to go attend the 2006 World Cup qualifying match between Iran and Bahrain. She travels by bus with a group of male fans, some of whom notice her gender, but do not tell anyone. At the stadium, she persuades a reluctant ticket tout to sell her a ticket; he only agrees to do so at an inflated price. The girl tries to slip through security, but she is spotted and arrested. She is put in a holding pen on the stadium roof with several other women who have also been caught; the pen is frustratingly close to a window onto the match, but the women are at the wrong angle to see it. The women are guarded by several soldiers, all of whom are just doing their national service; one in particular is a country boy from Tabriz who just wants to return to his farm. The soldiers are bored and do not particularly care whether women should be allowed to attend football matches; however, they guard the women carefully for fear of their "chief", who could come by at any moment. They occasionally give commentary on the match to the women. One of the younger girls needs to go to the toilet, but of course there is no women\'s toilet in the stadium. A soldier is deputed to escort her to the men\'s toilet, which he does by an increasingly farcical process: first disguising her face with a poster of a football star, then throwing a number of angry men out of the toilet and blockading any more from entering. During the chaos, the girl escapes into the stadium, although she returns to the holding pen shortly after as she is worried about the soldier from Tabriz getting into trouble. Part of the way through the second half of the game, the women are bundled into a bus, along with a boy arrested for carrying fireworks, and the soldiers ordered to drive them to the Vice Squad headquarters. As the bus travels through Tehran, the soldier from Tabriz plays the radio commentary on the match as it concludes. Iran defeats Bahrain 1-0 with a goal from Nosrati just after half time and wild celebrations erupt within the bus as the women and the soldiers cheer and sing with joy. The girl whose story began the film is the only one not happy. When asked why, she explains that she is not really interested in football; she wanted to attend the match because a friend of hers was one of seven people killed in a scuffle during the recent Iran-Japan match, and she wanted to see the match in his memory. The city of Tehran explodes with festivity, and the bus becomes caught in a traffic jam as a spontaneous street party begins. Borrowing seven sparklers from the boy with the fireworks, the women and the soldiers leave the bus and join the party, holding the sparklers above them. The film was filmed at an actual stadium, at a real life qualifying match for the Iranian National team. And Panahi had two separate outcomes to the film depending on the turnout of the match. Bradshaw, Peter, "Offside", in "The Guardian", June 8, 2006.'] ['John L. Sullivan , a popular young Hollywood director fresh from a string of very profitable, but shallow comedies  , tells his studio boss, Mr. Lebrand , that he is dissatisfied and wants his next project to be a serious exploration of the plight of the downtrodden, to be based on the socially-conscious novel O Brother, Where Art Thou? by Sinclair Beckstein. Not surprisingly, Lebrand wants him to direct another, more lucrative comedy instead, but the idealistic Sullivan refuses to give in. He wants to "know trouble" first-hand as a tramp so he can return and make a film that truly depicts the sorrows of humanity. His butler  and valet  openly question the wisdom of his plan. Undeterred, Sullivan dresses as a penniless hobo and takes to the road. However, no matter how hard he tries, somehow he always ends up back in Hollywood. Lebrand insists that his staff follow him in a double-decker coach. Neither party is happy with the arrangement; Sullivan eventually persuades his guardians to leave him alone and arranges to rendezvous with them later. When he hitchhikes, he finds himself back where he started. Then he meets a young failed actress  who is contemplating quitting the business. In return for her kindness to him, Sullivan gives her a lift in his car, without telling his servants; they report the "theft" and the pair are apprehended by the police. Upon their release, the Girl pushes him into his enormous swimming pool for deceiving her about his true identity. However, after considering her options, she becomes his traveling companion. This time, Sullivan succeeds in living like a hobo. After eating in soup kitchens and sleeping in homeless shelters with the Girl, Sullivan finally decides he has had enough. His experiment is publicized by the studio as a huge success. The Girl wants to stay with him, but he explains that, on the advice of his business manager, he got married to reduce his income tax, only to discover that his wife cost him double what he saved in taxes. Sullivan decides to thank the homeless by handing out $5 bills, but one man decides he wants more than his share and ambushes Sullivan when he is alone. Sullivan is knocked unconscious and thrown onto a train boxcar leaving the city, but the thief is run over and killed by another train. The man had earlier stolen Sullivan\'s shoes, which had a special identification card hidden under one of the soles. When the card is found, everyone assumes the unrecognizable body is Sullivan\'s. Meanwhile, Sullivan wakes up in the rail yard of another city, with no memory of who he is or how he got there. In his confused state, he assaults the railroad worker who finds him, for which he is sentenced to six years in a labor camp. He eventually regains his memory, but not before learning the importance of laughter in the otherwise dreary lives of his fellow prisoners when they are allowed to attend a showing of Walt Disney\'s Playful Pluto cartoon. Sullivan comes to realize that comedy can do more good for the poor than O Brother, Where Art Thou?. But Sullivan still has a problem &ndash; he cannot convince anybody that he is Sullivan. Finally, he comes up with an ingenious solution: he confesses to being his own killer. When his picture makes the front page of the newspapers, the Girl recognizes him and gets him released. His "widow" had taken up with his crooked business manager in the meanwhile, so he can now divorce her and be reunited with the Girl. A montage of happily laughing faces ends the film.'] ["When Wanda Holloway was a teen, her father forbade her to try out for her school's cheerleading team. Many years later, when Wanda had a daughter of her own, she was determined that her daughter would fulfill the dream she was denied and become a cheerleader--which would allow Wanda to make up that part of her childhood by reliving it through her daughter. The film takes place in Channelview, Texas. Wanda enrolls her daughter, Shanna, in various dance and gymnastics classes in order to enhance her prospects of becoming a cheerleader. She forces Shanna to practice for hours on end, despite sickness or injury. Wanda's best friend, Verna Heath, and her daughter, Amber, live next door to the Holloway family. Amber is the same age as Shanna and the two teenagers become friends. Verna had been a successful varsity cheerleader when she was young and holds the same ambition as Wanda for her own daughter. Leading up to the cheer-leading tryouts, jealousy sparks between Wanda and Verna, despite the fact that their daughters' friendship remains solid. In the months prior to the tryouts, Wanda forces Shanna to concentrate completely on cheer-leading. At the tryouts, Amber impresses the judges but Shanna is unable to, despite all of her training. Amber makes the squad and Shanna does not, disappointing both Shanna and Wanda. The fact that Shanna did not make it onto the team causes Amber to end the friendship between Verna and Wanda. Wanda, however, does not give up on seeing her daughter become a cheerleader and decides to try again next year. Every day until next year's try outs, Shanna practices frequently at her mother's command. When the time arrives, Amber makes the team and is even promoted to co-captain, but Shanna is disqualified, due to her mother's attempts to bribe the judges and other students. The shock of her daughter's failure for the second time puts Wanda into a mad fit of rage, anger, and jealousy. Wanda decides that if it was not for Amber, Shanna would have definitely been a cheerleader. She becomes obsessed with the notion that living next door to talented Amber had sapped Shanna's confidence and ruined her chances of success. Wanda meets her brother-in-law Terry to take a hit out on Amber and Verna. However, Terry is horrified by Wanda's hate for a 13-year-old girl. He disagrees with the murder of a young vibrant girl - especially over something as petty as cheer-leading. After the rendezvous, Terry decides to turn in Wanda to the police. He meets Wanda again, this time with a tape recorder in order to obtain proof of Wanda's desire to commit homicide. Terry sends the recorded message, along with background information, to the police. Wanda is arrested and sentenced to 15 years in prison, but is set free when it is discovered that a member of the jury at her trial was on probation. Wanda serves only six months for the attempted murder of Amber. In the end, Shanna decides it would be best to quit trying for the cheerleading team. Presently, Shanna and Wanda reside in California, where Shanna is taking modelling, singing and acting classes. Wanda hopes that one day, her daughter will be a famous Hollywood actress, no matter what it takes."] ['The film portrays friends Marvin \'Shake\' Tiller and Billy Clyde Puckett as two football buddies who play for a team owned by Big Ed Bookman called the "Miami Bucks".{{cite book}} She initially has romantic feelings for Kristofferson\'s character, who has become more self-confident after taking self-improvement training from seminar leader Friedrich Bismark.<ref name Staff | title  Allmovie | publisher  | url avg&sql 2007-10-24}} Barbara Jane is determined to make it work with Shake, so she attends B.E.A.T. in an effort to "get it". Barbara Jane also feels guilty that she did not "get it". Shake is insistent that the training has had proven results for him, noting that he has not missed a football pass since completing B.E.A.T. While participating in the training, Billy Clyde is shown coping with the seminar rules forbidding going to the bathroom during the training.{{cite book}} For a time Puckett pretends he underwent a conversion to Bismark\'s way of thinking. While Barbara Jane and Shake are at the altar about to be married, the minister turns to Friedrich Bismark and gives him some advice on how he can avoid capital gains tax in his business.{{cite book}}'] ['Holly and Jackie form a small group of "women\'s libbers". They convince Candy, a wealthy socialite who has an incestous relationship with her brother, to join them at their meetings. The group needs Candy\'s membership to bring money and "glamour" to their cause.'] ['Taylor Brandon Burns , a conflicted twelve-year-old TV star from the U.S., runs away from the set - and his problems - while shooting a big-budget film in Canada. His reluctant limo-driver, Rick Schiller , a down-on-his-luck indie filmmaker, is enlisted to find Taylor before the childstar destroys himself.'] ['Hook-handed Vietnam veteran John "Four Leaf" Tayback\'s  memoir, Tropic Thunder, is being made into a film. With the exception of newcomer supporting actor Kevin Sandusky , the cast&mdash;fading action hero Tugg Speedman , five-time Academy Award-winning Australian method actor Kirk Lazarus , rapper Alpa Chino , and drug-addicted comedian Jeff Portnoy &mdash;behave unreasonably. Rookie director Damien Cockburn  cannot control them during filming of a large war scene and production is reported to be one month behind schedule. Cockburn is ordered by studio executive Les Grossman  to get filming back on track, or risk its cancellation. Acting on Tayback\'s advice, Cockburn drops the actors into the middle of the jungle, with hidden cameras and rigged special effects explosions to film "guerrilla-style". The actors have guns that fire blanks, along with a map and scene listing that will lead to a helicopter waiting at the end of the route. Unbeknownst to the actors and production, the group have been dropped in the middle of the Golden Triangle, the home of the heroin-producing Flaming Dragon gang. Shortly after the group set off, the five actors are stunned to see Cockburn blown up by an old land mine. Speedman, believing Cockburn faked his death, persuades the others that Cockburn is alive and that they are still shooting the film. Lazarus is unconvinced, but joins them in their trek through the jungle. When Tayback and pyrotechnics operator Cody Underwood  attempt to locate the dead director, they are captured by Flaming Dragon, at which point Tayback reveals that he fabricated his memoir and that he has hands. As the actors continue through the jungle, Lazarus and Sandusky discover that Speedman is leading them in the wrong direction. The four actors, tired of walking and hoping to be rescued, leave Speedman, who goes off by himself and is captured by Flaming Dragon. Taken to their heroin factory, Speedman believes it is a POW camp from the script. The gang discovers he is the star of their favorite film, the box office bomb Simple Jack, and force him to reenact it several times a day. Meanwhile in Los Angeles, Speedman\'s agent Rick Peck  is trying to negotiate with Grossman an unfulfilled term in Speedman\'s contract that entitles him to a TiVo. Flaming Dragon calls the two and demands a ransom for Speedman, but Grossman instead berates the gang. Despite the threats, Grossman expresses no interest in rescuing Speedman and attempts to convince Rick about the benefits of allowing Speedman to die and collecting the insurance. Grossman also offers Rick a Gulfstream V and money in return for his cooperation. Lazarus, Chino, Portnoy, and Sandusky discover Flaming Dragon\'s heroin factory. After seeing Speedman being tortured, they plan a rescue attempt based on the film\'s script. Lazarus impersonates a farmer towing a captured Portnoy on the back of a water buffalo, distracting the armed guards so Chino and Sandusky can locate the captives. After the gang notices inconsistencies in Lazarus\' story, the actors open fire, temporarily subduing them. When the gang realize they are being guarded by actors, they gather their guns and begin firing. The four actors locate Speedman, Tayback, and Underwood, and cross a bridge rigged to explode to get to their helicopter. Speedman asks to remain behind with the gang which he considers his family, but quickly returns when Flaming Dragon fire in pursuit. Tayback detonates the bridge allowing Speedman to reach safety, but as the helicopter takes off, the gang fires an RPG at the helicopter. Rick unexpectedly stumbles out of the jungle carrying a TiVo box and throws it in the path of the RPG, saving them. The crew return to Hollywood, where footage from the hidden cameras is compiled into a feature film, Tropic Blunder, which becomes a major critical and box office hit. The film wins Speedman his first Academy Award, which Lazarus presents to him at the ceremony.'] ['A family man named Graham Marshall, a long-time executive in a large advertising company, is unexpectedly passed over for promotion. Marshall himself can live with it, but his nagging wife Leslie is devastated and continually reproaches her husband for his apparent lack of ambition and willpower. An unfortunate accident occurs in the subway, caused by Marshall, in which a panhandler is killed. It goes unnoticed, which gives him a whole new set of ideas as far as his future life is concerned. Deciding to take revenge on all the people who have caused him problems in his life, Marshall starts meticulously planning their violent deaths. This includes his wife, whom he eventually electrocutes, and his young rival at the office, Bob Benham. Marshall becomes much better acquainted with an office colleague, Stella Anderson. And when none of the murders is linked to him, Graham feels vindicated in his belief that killing off everyone who has harmed him is the right thing to do. He soon passes the point of no return.'] ['Five incorrigible crooks, frustrated by their disappointing career as bank robbers, decide to switch from bank heists to kidnapping European celebrities. Pretending to be terrorists, they kidnap their first hostage, singer Johnny Hallyday, and demand a huge sum of money to prevent further trouble. They receive their ransom money. They go on to kidnap other celebrities, and grow more successful with each kidnapping. Eventually they expand their targets and hijack planes, kidnap ambassadors, and even abduct the Pope.{{cite web}}'] ['In pre-revolutionary Cuba, James Wormold , a vacuum cleaner salesman, is recruited by Hawthorne  of the British Secret Intelligence Service to be their Havana operative. Instead of recruiting his own agents, Wormold invents agents from men he knows only by sight, and sketches "plans" for a rocket-launching pad based on vacuum parts to increase his value to the service and to procure more money for himself and his expensive daughter Milly. Because his importance grows, he is sent a secretary, Beatrice , and a radioman from London to be under his command. With their arrival it becomes much harder for Wormold to maintain his facade. However, when they do, all of his imagined information begins to come true. One of his "agents" is killed, and he is himself targeted for assassination. He admits what he\'s done to his secretary, and is recalled to London. At the film\'s conclusion, rather than telling the truth to the prime minister and other military intelligence services, Wormold\'s commanders  agree to fabricate a story claiming his imagined machines had been dismantled, bestow honors on Wormold, and offer him a position teaching espionage classes in London.'] ["The movie starts as high school students return from spring break. Also, the new principal Edwin Swimper arrives after the last principal died from the stress the school gave him. With teachers teaching empty classes, a constant gang war in the hallway and male teachers wearing various armors, Swimper decides to implement an alternative school policy. As a result, classes such as math are abandoned in favor of classes such as archery. The hallways soon turn into archery ranges. When the gang leader Calvin burns down his office, Swimper abandons his plans and quits on the spot. The city council gives the teachers one more chance to find a new principal or else the teachers will lose their job as the school would turn into a profitable parking lot. The only candidate is Peckham. When he says he just returned from a long tenure in an African high school and is not up to date with inner city high schools in the west, the vice principal Relic hires him on the spot. In his first day, Packham is amazed to learn the true nature of the school and is especially determined to re-establish the library from its current form of smoke-filled room with no books. However, a gang gun fight in the hallway causes Peckham to lose his consciousness. Relic and another teacher hide him in the janitor's room but he is gone when they return to check on him. Relic assembles the teachers and they decide to hire Sgt. Major, a bearded man with an overcoat and a poodle for a tracking dog. The dog points to the men's toilets. Relic alone is willing to enter it. Once inside, a doorman asks him for a membership card. It is revealed Calvin used the money from the PTA  to start a health club in the school's toilets. Relic ends up joining Calvin and his gang in the jacuzzi and shares their weed. The city council sends inspectors to rush the fate of the school. Knowing they will never pass, Relic goes back to the toilets/health club to make a deal with Calvin. Three inspectors arrive, one of whom is none other than the returning Edwin Swimper. Although they disapprove the illegality of the chained gates, once inside the school everything looks perfect. Students march in the hallways, the health club is now a fully equipped gym and the library is full of books and even video and audio tapes. Only the cafeteria was not renovated as according to Clavin it belongs to a rival gang. Calvin finds a way to trick the rival gang into a zoo truck, but he needs time. Therefore, Relic distracts the inspectors by taking them to inspect the guidance counselor Ms. Simpson. After she completely fails to help a female student, she suddenly notices Swimper. Mistaking him for supposedly her former lover, she runs over and throws herself all over him. Relic uses this chance to discredit him in the eyes of the other inspectors. Swimper claims he has never seen her in his life, but it is too late. The inspectors and Relic leave him behind while she touches his lower regions and tries to force herself on him. After she pulls him down to the floor, Swimper is seen running away from school with her chasing him in the street and shouting for him for the remainder of the movie. With Swimper and Calvin's rival gang both out of the way, the cafeteria is turned into a fully fledged restaurant. Waiters take orders from the remaining inspectors and unbeknownst to them order themselves from a real restaurant. Taking no chances, they also inject drugs in the food. With the city council outside ready with a construction crew, the inspectors are high enough to pass the school and thus abolish the city council's plan. Relic lives up to his part of the deal and lets Calvin's ever present gang finally graduate, even with good enough grades to get in a good college. Before Calvin leaves, he introduces to Relic his freshman little brother. The brother immediately blows up Relic's room with a dynamite."] ['When Andrew Sterling , a successful black urbanite writer, buys a vacation home on a resort in New England, two of his new neighbors mistake him for a burglar as he sets up his new stereo. The neighbors have no idea that the former residents of that home had moved and soon call the police. Police surround the home, armed and body armored as Andrew reads peacefully inside the home. Meanwhile, down the road, the Gillmans meet reporters as they walk back to their home and inform the press of the story. As the police move in, Andrew\'s car alarm goes off and with keys in hand, goes outside to shut it off; where he is met with gunfire. The reporters arrive and interview Chief Tolliver , who speaks to Andrew over the phone and realizes his mistake. To avoid the bad publicity, the Chief offers a thief in his jail, Amos Odell , a deal. The Chief orders Amos to break into Andrew\'s home, hold the writer hostage, and give himself up, in exchange for free passage out of town. Armed with the shotgun given to him by the Chief, Amos enters the house under the Chief\'s direction and ties up Andrew. Andrew believes Amos is an assassin sent to kill him due to his published views against "white America". As the press piles up outside of Andrew\'s home, the Chief calls Amos to release Andrew as soon as the press is in place, promising to leave Amos\'s name and face out of the news. While Amos waits, he turns on the news to see he has been betrayed, with his name and face all over the television. With his deal broken, Amos steps outside and demands a ransom for the famous author. Andrew asks Amos how he came managed to come across the island and as Amos reveals his story, the Chief comes in the back door demanding Amos surrender. The Chief shows his true colors and his lack of concern with Andrew\'s well being, stating his opposition to Andrew living on the island. During a scuffle, Andrew hits the Chief unconscious with his frying pan and goes for the shotgun. Amos takes the gun back and tells Andrew he will remain his hostage. With the Chief\'s handcuffs, Amos cuffs himself to Andrew and runs through the backwoods behind the home and hold themselves up in the Gillman\'s home. Unable to find the key to the Gillman\'s car, Amos decides to change his clothes and plan his escape As Amos makes his plans, Amos and Andrew share their childhoods and their family stories with one another. The Gillmans return home and Amos demands the keys to their car, to which Mr. Gillman refuses stating the car was a cherished anniversary present from his second wife. The Chief, now free from captivity, once again demands Amos surrender, believing he is still somewhere in Andrew\'s home. When the Chief tells Amos he is not concerned with Andrew\'s safety and intends to prosecute him for assaulting him with the frying pan, Amos reveals he now holds the Gillmans hostage as well. With his two new hostages Amos repeats his ransom demand. As Amos, Andrew, and the Gillmans await the ransom, Amos shows the Gillman\'s interview tape that the Chief had confiscated. Amos and Andrew watch the Gillman\'s news interview, explaining how the incident started because they had seen a black man inside of the house and assumed he was up to no good, much to the Gillman\'s embarrassment. A pizza Amos ordered arrives at the Gillman home, upon which Amos realizes the Gillman home is not surrounded by police as he thought. Amos bids the pizza girl a fond farewell, and gives her the Gillman\'s and the Chief\'s interview tape to give back to the press. Back in the Gillman\'s home Amos demands the keys to the Gillman\'s car, which Mr.Gillman still refuses to give up. With help from Andrew, Amos finds the key to the Gillman\'s car. Amos invites Andrew to join him, declaring him his partner in crime, which disgusts Andrew. After a heated argument Andrew and Amos begin to fight,ending with Andrew telling Amos that some things he said about him may have been true, but he admit that it isn\'t too much to ask to set up his own stereo equipment without being declared a thief. Back at Andrew\'s home, an associate of Andrew, Reverend Brunch attempts to cash in on the publicity and appears, demanding the police to release Andrew to himself and the crowd, who they believe are holding him in his home. In a scuffle between the crowd and the police, Andrew\'s home is set on fire. The pizza girl returns the interview tape to the reporters. The Chief sends out a man with his two bloodhounds to find Andrew, and as he is chased through a field, believing them to be attack dogs, Amos rescues Andrew and the two watch as Andrew\'s home burns in the distance. Still upset at the Chief, Andrew uses the Chief\'s wallet, which Amos had taken from him and sics the bloodhounds on the Chief using the new scent. In the middle of the news interview, the reporters reveal they know the truth about the incident. As the Chief realizes he no longer possesses the tape of his interview, the two bloodhounds chase him from the scene. Amos and Andrew are shown having boarded a barge, now on the other side of the island, where Amos and Andrew meet up with Andrew\'s wife. Amos drives away as Andrew and his wife hug, and the two part ways as friends. The last scene shows Amos at stop sign saying "Canada here I come" and then turning onto Interstate 95...heading in the wrong direction.'] ['Elliot Slater  is a young, attractive, Australian professional photographer living in Southern California. Having always been uncomfortable with his sexual proclivities, which tend toward the BDSM realm, he signs up for a dominatrix-themed vacation on a private tropical island known as "Eden" in the hopes of working through his discomfort. Unbeknownst to him, prior to embarking on his journey of sexual discovery, he has unwittingly photographed an international jewel thief of whom no other photos exist. The jewel thief Omar ([[Stuart Wilson  and his criminal partner Nina ([[Iman  are intent on recovering the film in order to retain Omar\'s anonymity. They follow the photographer to the island resort run by the dominatrix Mistress Lisa , posing as vacationers. Following a tip that Omar is on the island, undercover police officers Fred  and Sheila  also arrive, Sheila in the guise of a vacationer and Fred as a handyman. Comedic antics ensue amid the activities of scantily clad guests and employees, acting out their dominant and submissive fantasies. In the course of Elliot\'s experiences as Mistress Lisa\'s personal submissive, including a scene where she ties him up and plays with his bare buttocks, the two begin to fall in love. The action comes to a climax on a quick trip to New Orleans, where Lisa reluctantly admits her feelings for Elliot, all the while tailed by Omar, who attempts to kill them. Fortunately, Fred and Sheila save the day, sending Omar and Nina to jail, and receive commendations for solving the case.'] ['In the film, sewage worker Roy Dreary and an assortment of odd characters meet up with some cute and cuddly extraterrestrials traveling to earth in a giant pie in the sky. Dreary develops an obsession with mashed potatoes, whipped cream and maraschino cherries. He encounters singing mailboxes, truck radios that spout bubbles and bubble music, and one pie in the face after another, before finally finding himself at the Sara Loo pie factory-and his close encounter of the nerd kind. At one point, he even encounters Darth Vader on a motorcycle complaining that he is blocking the road. Other characters include a wide-eyed cherubic child, a famous French scientist, a bewildered wife, a mysterious code which turns out to be the notation for the Greek letter Pi, and an oversized xylophone on which Dreary signals to the aliens. All of the character voices are over-dubbed by voice artists Corey Burton and Sandy Stotzer.'] ['Reception Upon its release on video, it met negative reception with critics comparing it to the first/original. Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 14%, IMDB gave it 3.2/10.'] ['The film begins in a church on the edge of a forest, which is home to "The Blesseds." Inside the church, Mary Catheter is requesting a trip outside the church. Father Catheter, her father and head priest of "The Blesseds," will not allow the request because he fears it will be too dangerous. Mary questions her father’s judgment, so Father Catheter and Mother Grizzard begin a hip-hop musical number, Who Begat, about the lineage of The Blesseds . The focus of the narrative then turns to "The Beasties," who dwell in the forest near the church. A "Beastie" named Flippy asks another "Beastie," Wog Wog, how the Beasties came into existence. Wog Wog sings a song that depicts the history of their race . At the conclusion of the song, Queen Bonobo, queen of "The Beasties," is informed that her husband, Chief Cranius, has been killed by "The Blesseds." "The Beasties" exit the forest in search of revenge. Back at the church, Father Catheter explains to how he had gone into the woods, and killed the leader of "The Beasties." It is at this point that "The Beasties" burst into the church and attack. This is also when the love story between Mary and Wog Wog begins. The sequence ends with Queen Bonobo taking Mary hostage in retribution for killing their chief. "The Blesseds" find "The Beasties" in the forest and the two groups close in on each other. But before they meet, Jesus (played by [[Sean Hayes , appears and persuades his followers not to choose a path of violence. "The Beasties" take advantage of this opportunity, and close in on "The Blesseds." At this point, Charles Darwin, appears and stops "The Beasties" in a similar fashion. The two groups make amends momentarily, but resume fighting when they see Jesus and Darwin fighting. Wog Wog and Mary flee to the ocean.'] ["The movie's protagonist is Mark Watson , the pampered son from a rich family who is about to attend Harvard Law School along with his best friend Gordon . However, all of a sudden his father's neurotic psychiatrist talks his patient into having more fun for himself instead of spending money on his son. Faced with the horrifying prospect of having to pay for law school by himself, Mark decides to take up a scholarship, but the only suitable one is for African Americans only. So he decides to cheat by using tanning pills in a larger dose than prescribed to appear as an African American. Watson then sets out for Harvard, naïvely believing that blacks have no problems at all in American society. However, once immersed in a black student's life, Mark finds that people are less lenient than he imagined and more prone to see him as a black person instead of a fellow student. He meets a young African-American student named Sarah Walker , whom he first only flirts with; gradually, however, he genuinely falls in love with her. As it turns out, she was the original candidate for the scholarship which he had usurped, and now she has to work hard as a waitress to support herself and her son George while studying. Slowly, Mark begins to regret his deed, and after a chaotic day—in which Sarah, his parents  and his classmate Whitney , who is also his landlord's daughter, drop in for surprise visits at the same time—he drops the charade and openly reveals himself to be white. The film ends with Mark declaring to his professor  that he wishes to pay back the scholarship and do charity work to make amends for his fraud, and Sarah decides to give him another chance."] ['A dysfunctional and sometimes violent romance between Mathieu , a middle-aged, wealthy Frenchman, and a young, impoverished and beautiful flamenco dancer from Seville, Conchita, played by Carole Bouquet and Angela Molina. The two actresses each appear unpredictably in separate scenes, and differ not only physically, but temperamentally as well. Most of the film is a "flashback," told by Mathieu; the framing, non-flashback story elements appear only at the start and end of the film. The movie opens with Mathieu travelling by train from Seville to Paris. He\'s trying to distance himself from his young girlfriend Conchita. As Mathieu\'s train is ready to depart he finds that a bruised and bandaged Conchita is pursuing him. From the train he pours a bucket of water over her head. He believes this deters her, but she sneaks aboard. Mathieu\'s fellow compartment passengers witness his rude act. These include a mother and her young daughter, a judge who is coincidentally a friend of Mathieu\'s cousin, and a psychologist who coincidentally is a dwarf. They inquire about his motivation for such an act and he then explains the history of his tumultuous relationship with Conchita. The story is set against a backdrop of terrorist bombings and shootings. Conchita, who claims to be 18 but looks older, vows to remain a virgin until marriage. She tantalizes Mathieu with sexual promises but never allows him to satisfy his sexual desire. At one point she goes to bed with him wearing what appear to be a pair of tightly laced canvas shorts, making it impossible to have sexual intercourse. Conchita\'s antics cause the couple to break up and reunite repeatedly, each time frustrating and confusing Mathieu. Eventually, Mathieu finds Conchita dancing nude for tourists in a Seville nightclub. At first he becomes enraged. Later, however, he forgives her and buys her a house. In a climactic scene, soon after moving into the house, Conchita refuses to let Mathieu in at the gate, tells him that she hates him, and that kissing and touching him make her sick. Then, to prove her independence, appears to have sex with a young man in plain view of Mathieu. After this, Conchita attempts to reconcile with Mathieu, insisting that the sex was fake and that her "lover" is in reality a homosexual friend. However, during her explanation, Mathieu beats her , causing her bandaged and bruised state seen earlier in the film. Just as the fellow train passengers seem satisfied with this story, Conchita reappears from hiding and dumps a bucket of water on Mathieu. However, the couple apparently reconciles yet again when the train reaches its destination. After leaving the train, they walk arm in arm, enjoying the streets of Madrid. Later in a mall in Paris, loudspeakers announce that a strange alliance of extremist groups intends to sow chaos and confusion in society through terrorist attacks. The announcement adds that several right-wing groups plan to counterattack. As the couple continues their walk, they pass a seamstress in a shop window mending a bloody veil. They begin arguing just as a bomb explodes, apparently claiming their lives.'] ["The plot features Sellers as a naive but caring prison chaplain accidentally assigned as vicar to a small and prosperous country town of Orbiston Parva, in place of Ian Carmichael's upper-class cleric, with whom he shares a name. His belief in charity and forgiveness sets him at odds with the locals, whose assertions that they are good, Christian people are in Smallwood's view belied by their behaviour and ideas. He creates social ructions by appointing a black dustman  as his churchwarden, taking in a gypsy family, and persuading local landowner Lady Despard  to provide free food for the church to distribute free to the people of the town. However, all his good works lead to trouble."] ["The movie is about a documentary team that follows the reunion of Hard Core Logo. Joe Dick gets the band back together ostensibly for an anti-gun benefit after hearing Canadian punk rock legend Bucky Haight, and personal mentor, is shot. They begin the tour in Vancouver and travel to Edmonton, via Winnipeg. On the way the band's dark secrets are revealed. John Oxenberger loses his schizophrenia medication and slowly loses his sanity. Billy Tallent finds out that by going on tour he loses his position in main stream rock band Jenifur and with that his one shot at stardom. The band stops by Bucky Haight's reclusive estate only to find he was never shot and that Joe Dick fabricated the lie in order to get the band together. The band and documentary crew drop acid and experience hallucinations. Bucky admonishes Joe Dick for using him to get the band together. At Edmonton, Billy Tallent finds out he has another opportunity to permanently join Jenifur. Joe Dick finds out from the film crew and later attacks Billy on stage. Joe Dick destroys Billy Tallent's Fender Stratocaster, which was a gift from Bucky Haight, and the band parts ways. In the final scene Joe Dick drinks with the documentary crew members and shoots himself."] ['"Smoking" and "No Smoking" are two segments of the film which are based on closely connected plays. The original plays covered eight separate stories, which have been pared down to three each for these movies. At a certain point in the story of each segment, the five female characters  and the four male characters  have their lives skillfully recapped in terms of "what might have happened" if they had made or failed to make certain choices. For example, "No Smoking" focuses chiefly on the relationship between the mild-mannered Miles Coombes and his infinitely more aggressive and ambitious wife, Rowena. The narrator is voiced by Peter Hudson.'] ['The story follows a girl named Jessica and her attempt to get into Ramsey College, a fictional college in Pennsylvania, and Marlon, a boy who tries to get into Ramsey to pursue Jessica, whom he is in love with. The film starred Anthony Edwards as an admissions counselor at Ramsey, Corey Parker as Marlon, and Lara Flynn Boyle as Jessica.'] ['F. Ross Johnson decides to take the tobacco and food conglomerate RJR Nabisco private after receiving advance news of the likely market failure of the company\'s smokeless cigarette called Premier, the development of which had been intended to finally boost the company\'s stock price.O\'Connor, John J. Review/Television; Those Good Old Takeover Days. The New York Times, New York, March 18, 1993. The free-spending Johnson\'s bid for the company is opposed by two of the pioneers of the leveraged buyout, Henry Kravis and his cousin. Kravis feels betrayed when, after Johnson initially discusses doing the LBO with Kravis, he takes the potentially enormous deal to another firm, American Express\' former Shearson Lehman Hutton division. Other bidders emerge, including Ted Forstmann and his company, Forstmann Little, after Kravis and Johnson are unable to reconcile their differences. The title of the movie comes from a statement by Forstmann in which he calls that Kravis\' money "phoney junk bond crap" and how he and his brother are "real people with real money," and that it\'s necessary to stop raiders like Kravis: "we need to push the barbarians back from the city gates." The bids for RJR Nabisco rise astronomically into the billions as the company\'s board encourages the competition, which Kravis ultimately wins, even though Johnson\'s final bid is higher.'] ['La Chinoise is a loose adaptation of Fyodor Dostoyevsky\'s 1872 novel, The Possessed.{{Citation needed|date"godard70">{{cite book | last1  Colin | first2  | title  | publisher  2005 | pages  February | isbn "godard70"/> The appearance of Francis Jeanson in the film seems to correspond with the character of Stepan Trofimovich Verkhovensky  in The Possessed. Indeed, much like Stepan Trofimovich, Jeanson is an intellectual and philosopher who serves as a kind of father-figure/mentor to Véronique — and his early example as a supporter of terrorism makes him responsible for influencing much of the destruction which is to follow. Eventually, the train arrives at its destination and Véronique sets off to the hotel where the Soviet Minister of Culture is staying. She mistakenly reverses the digits of the room number and ends up killing the wrong man. As in The Possessed, the revolutionary activities of the Aden Arabie cell have proved unsuccessful.'] ['The three married men, George , Doug , and Howie , and divorcé Fred , are friends who commute to work from Greenwich, Connecticut to New York City on the same train. Seeing Fred\'s philandering boss, Mr. Bingham , with his mistress sets the men to fantasizing about sharing the expense of an apartment in the city as a love nest. As a gag, they give Fred the task of finding an unrealistically inexpensive apartment and a blonde "companion" to go with it. Fred rents a luxurious suite from Peter Bowers , who is desperate to find a tenant . By chance, Cathy , a knockout of a blonde, also answers the advertisement for the apartment. Fred explains that the place has already been taken, but she learns that he is also looking for a beautiful young "housekeeper" for his friends. To his surprise, she accepts the job. The boys are delighted; each tells his wife that he is taking a course one night a week to improve his mind so he can stay in New York overnight. Unbeknownst to the men, Cathy is actually a sociology graduate student writing her thesis on the "adolescent fantasies of the adult suburban male." Her skeptical advisor, Dr. Prokosch , worries that she won\'t be able to fend off the men, but she is confident about her abilities . When they start calling on her individually in the evenings, she encourages them to talk, all the while secretly recording their conversations. Cathy deftly avoids being seduced by the married men, although each of them brags to the others about having slept with her. She supplies what each one really wants: Howie is starved for more substantial food than his dieting wife will provide; Doug likes to repair things that are conveniently broken each week ; George enjoys talking about himself, but his spouse keeps finishing his sentences. Fred, however, is a different story: he is very attracted to Cathy and, disgusted by his friends\' fabricated stories, he refuses to use his night. In the end, the wives become suspicious and, on the advice of Fred\'s mother Ethel , hire private investigator Ernest Bohannon  to find out what is going on. Based on his report, they assume the worst and confront their husbands. All three married men confess that nothing happened, and Cathy reveals that she is just doing research. After getting over the shock, Fred marries Cathy. Everyone learns a lesson and the boys\' night out is no more; instead, the couples go out together.'] ["Charles Duchemin  is the editor of an internationally known restaurant guide. After being appointed to the Académie française, Duchemin decides to retire as a restaurant critic and trains his son Gérard  to continue the family business. However, Gérard Duchemin is more interested in his true passion—the circus—than high cuisine. Soon, however, Charles' plans to retire are complicated by the arrival of Jacques Tricatel , the owner of a company of mass-produced food. Fearing for the future of high cuisine, Charles and his son strive to ruin Tricatel's company in any way they can. This movie is an allegory of the antagonism between USA culture and French culture as it was seen by French people in the 70's."] ["In an English provincial town, 'Drossmouth', a second-rate repertory company assemble at the Theatre Royal on Monday morning to rehearse the following week's play, a melodrama titled Tarnished Gold. Harry, their irascible Producer, is highly critical of the play, which has been foisted on him by the Directors of the Company and is unenthusiastic about its prospects. The cast include Jerry, a young and sometimes keen actor, Maud, an widowed actress who was once famous on the West End stage, Sandra, who is waiting for  a call from a London producer, her philandering and semi-alcoholic husband, and Avis, a timid young girl who is quickly realising that acting is not for her. The cast are equally unenthusiastic of the play. Little progress is made. 'Jacko', the Stage Director, is at his wits end and threatens to resign, his regular habit when things go wrong. Just as matters seemingly cannot get worse, the authoress of the play, Catherine Beckwith, appears and insists on 'sitting at the feet' of the Director. She and Harry are quickly at each other throats. Harry tears up most of Act 1, and storms angrily off stage, falling into the pit and injuring himself. Despite the forebodings of the cast, Miss Beckwith insists on taking over the rehearsal according to her own ideas. She recasts the play as a period piece and introduces new stage techniques. A week later, to everyone's surprise, the curtain comes down on a triumphant first night."] ["In 1947, a United States congressional committee which includes prim Phoebe Frost of Iowa  arrives in post-World War II Berlin to visit the American troops stationed there. Phoebe hears rumors that cabaret torch singer Erika von Schlütow , suspected of being the former mistress of either Hermann Göring or Joseph Goebbels, is being protected by an unidentified American officer. She enlists Captain John Pringle  to assist in her investigation, unaware he is Erika's current lover. After seeing Erika with Adolf Hitler in a newsreel filmed during the war, Phoebe asks John to take her to army headquarters to retrieve the singer's official file. In order to distract her, John woos Phoebe, who initially resists his romantic advances but eventually succumbs to his charms. Colonel Rufus J. Plummer  advises John he is aware of his relationship with Erika and orders him to continue seeing her in the hope she will lead them to another of her ex-lovers, ex-Gestapo agent Hans Otto Birgel , believed to be hiding in the American occupation zone. Meanwhile, Erika and Phoebe are arrested during a raid designed to catch Germans without proper identification papers at the Lorelei, the club where Erika performs. At the police station, Erika claims Phoebe as her cousin in order to secure her release. Phoebe, grateful for Erika's intercession on her behalf, goes with her to her apartment, where Erika confesses John is her lover just before he arrives. Humiliated, Phoebe leaves. Colonel Plummer attempts to reconcile Phoebe and John. John is targeted by Birgel at the Lorelei, but Birgel is killed by American soldiers who shoot him first. Erika is arrested and sentenced to serve time in a labor camp, and Phoebe and John are reunited."] ['The film deals with creativity and commercialism. Quint attempts to get back at his boss by making a negative commercial reusing themes from earlier in the film, including Lute saying "The number one product of all human endeavor is waste...waste." The commercial, advertising a Super-8 camera, talks about capturing events while you still can before everything is destroyed and discarded. It ends with Quint operating a car crusher and destroying numerous cameras. The commercial is hailed as a masterpiece, and wins an award, but Quint hurls the award into the Thames.'] ['The film begins with the text "Meanwhile &mdash; in another part of the galaxy &mdash; later that same day". A household steam iron flies through space, fleeing a toaster, which fires toast at it. Two robots named 4-Q-2 (who looks like the Tin Man from the 1939 film [[The Wizard of Oz  and Arty-Deco , escape from the evil Empire. After launching from the ship  in an escape pod , they land on a desert planet . They are found by young Fluke Starbucker, played by future multi-platinum award winning music producer, Scott Mathews who finds a video message saved on Arty-Deco. It is a loop of Princess Anne-Droid saying "Help me Augie Ben Doggie, you\'re my only hope." Upon meeting Augie "Ben" Doggie , Fluke receives his father\'s lightsaber . After tricking the Imperial Steam Trooper guards  to let them into the city, they reach a cantina, which Fluke describes as "too weird". The cantina is a country and western bar, where they meet space renegade Ham Salad and Chewchilla the Wookiee Monster . Meanwhile, the villainous Darph Nader is interrogating the princess. When she refuses to talk , he destroys her peaceful home planet, Basketball . After a light-speed chase, Fluke, Ham, Augie, and the rest are sucked into the enemy base . After they rescue the princess, Augie Ben Doggie chooses to stay behind to battle Darph Nader . Their spaceship is next assaulted by bits of tin-foil trash, which makes Chewchilla jittery until he spies Princess Anne-Droid\'s hair whorls, which are cinnamon rolls worn on the sides of her head. Taking after the Cookie Monster, he eats one as the Princess looks on in disgust. The last scene of the movie involves Fluke flying in a squad of spaceships , presumably to attack the waffle iron. On his way, Fluke is told to "trust your feelings" by the ghostly voice of Augie . Because this short film is a parody of a "coming attractions" teaser trailer, the destruction of the enemy base is not shown, nor is there any victory celebration. The movie ends with "May the Farce be with you", in mockery of the famous Star Wars line. At the very end of the credits, we are told the movie was "filmed on location in space", followed by the statement "no animals were killed in the making of this film", reflecting the legal statement that was beginning to appear in film credits at that time.'] ['The story begins with a military truck transporting barrels of Trioxin. These barrels contain the substance from original Return of the Living Dead, which caused a zombie outbreak. The soldiers driving this truck  driving through a downpour, don\'t notice when a barrel breaks loose from the truck, which falls into a river near new housing development in the town of Westvale. The barrel is found by some boys who release Trioxin gas, which subsequently enters a nearby cemetery causing the dead to return once again. Several actors from Return of the Living Dead Part 1  as different characters. The "Tar-Man" zombie from part 1 also appears.'] ['The film follows the novel in presenting a first-person narrative from the point of view of Billy Pilgrim, who becomes "unstuck in time" and experiences the events of his life in a seemingly random order, including a period spent on the alien planet of Tralfamadore. Particular emphasis is placed on his experiences during World War II, including the bombing of Dresden in World War II, as well as time spent with fellow prisoners of war Edgar Derby  and the psychopathic Paul Lazzaro . His life as a husband to Valencia , and father to Barbara and Robert  are also depicted, as they live and sometimes even enjoy their life of affluence in Ilium, New York. A "sink-or-swim" scene with Pilgrim\'s father is also featured. The scenes of extraterrestrial life on Trafalmadore feature Hollywood starlet Montana Wildhack .'] ['Nadodikattu opens by introducing the two protagonists, Ramdas aka Dasan  and Vijayan ([[Sreenivasan , who are employed as ill-paid peons. A commerce graduate, and proud of that, Dasan frequently vents his frustration in having to serve lesser qualified superiors and having to settle with lesser than what he feels he deserves in life. Vijayan, his less educated, comic sidekick, is his roommate and sole friend. Their relationship is one full of tension, with Dasan adopting a superior stance on the account of his education and good looks, which fiercely rattles Vijayan. Several comic situations later in the film borrow from this aspect of their characters. Dasan frequently bosses over Vijayan to do all the household chores. Dasan and Vijayan, hopeful of getting a better job, as soon as the new Managing director joins their company, wait for him to take charge. However, one day, on their way to work, they get involved in an unnecessary altercation with an unknown person. Dasan, in order to grab attention from a lady, abuses the person and pushes him into a puddle of rainwater. Vijayan punctures his car tires. But when they reach the workplace, they find out that the person that they had picked the fight with is their new managing director. Both vanish from the workplace and surface on the next day in disguises; Dasan wearing dark sunglasses and Vijayan wearing a long beard. Both try to convince their supervisor that they were seriously ill the previous day, but they are made to report to the new managing director. They manage to fool him initially and start work but the MD soon finds out the truth from old office photographs and both get thrown out from work. Being jobless, their landlord convinces them to take bank loan and buy two cows. Dasan and Vijayan, upbeat about the new business, start dreaming of a bright future. However, they soon find out that the cows yield very little milk and the business fails. The bank contacts them for defaulting on the loan repayments. To escape, Vijayan sells the cows and arranges for them to go to UAE  with whatever money they get. Gafoorkka  is an agent who promises to take them to the Gulf. Gafoorkka explains them that his dhow going to California will be diverted past the Dubai sea shore for them. Gafoorkka also instructs them to wear Arabic clothing thawb to fool the authorities. Dasan and Vijayan once again start dreaming about the bright and luxurious life ahead. On reaching the sea shore, both change into the Arabic attire. Two strangers follow Dasan and Vijayan and forcefully exchange their suitcases. Confused, Dasan and Vijayan start exploring the city. They are surprised to see no Arabs in the city and soon find signboards in Tamil. They realize that they have been cheated by Gafoorkka who has off loaded them in the southern Indian city of Chennai, Tamil Nadu. Dasan and Vijayan check the suitcase and find drugs inside. They contact local police and hand over the suitcase. Meanwhile, the strangers who are actually gang members of Ananthan Nambiar , smuggler and underworld don, find out that they were mistaken. Ananthan Nambiar believes that those in Arabic dress were members of the CIDs. Dasan and Vijayan with the help of Dasan’s friend Balan ([[Innocent get jobs at Ananthan Nambiar’s office. Dasan meets his colleague Radha  who turns out to be their neighbour as well. But soon Dasan and Vijayan gets fired by Ananthan Nambiar thinking that they are undercover CIDs. On the road again, Vijayan tries to get a chance in movies. He visits noted film director I. V. Sasi’s home and meets Sasi’s wife, actress Seema. This scene is considered one of the funniest of the entire movie. Dasan starts a small vegetable business with Radha’s help. A minor romance plot develops between Dasan and Radha. Meanwhile Ananthan Nambiar hires contract killer Pavanayi  to finish off Dasan and Vijayan. But Pavanayi dies while trying to kill Dasan and Vijayan. This irks Ananthan Nambiar even more and makes him all the more paranoid about these two "CIDs". As the story proceeds to climax, Dasan and Vijayan are called to a rundown factory by one of their other enemies, a well-connected businessman with political aspirations  for an ostensible meeting, where he plans to liquidate them both. Dasan and Vijayan find themselves surrounded by Ananthan Nambiar’s gang as well, the latter also having selected the location to do a drug deal. However, the both gangs mistake each other as enemies and a mixed fight breaks out. Dasan and Vijayan manage to lock all others inside the building as police arrive and arrest everyone. The movie concludes as Dasan and Vijayan gets selected into the State Police as CIDs and they along with Radha drive away in a Jeep.'] ['Chance  is a middle-aged man who lives in the townhouse of an old, wealthy man in Washington D.C. He seems simple-minded and has lived there his whole life tending the garden. Other than gardening, his knowledge is derived entirely from what he sees on television. When his benefactor dies, Chance is forced to leave and discovers the outside world for the first time. He wanders aimlessly, wearing his former employer\'s expensive clothes. Chance passes by a TV shop and sees himself captured by a camera in the shop window. Entranced, he steps backward off the sidewalk and is struck by a car owned by Ben Rand , an elderly business mogul. Rand\'s wife Eve  brings Chance to their home to recover. Drinking alcohol for the first time, Chance coughs as he tells them his name. "Chance the Gardener" is misheard as "Chauncey Gardiner". Judging by his appearance and manners, Rand assumes that Chance is an upper class, highly educated business man. Chance\'s style and seemingly insightful ways embody the qualities Rand admires. Chance\'s simplistic utterances about gardens are interpreted as allegorical statements about business and the state of the economy. Rand is also a confidant and adviser of the U.S. President , whom he introduces to "Chauncey". The president interprets Chance\'s remarks about how the garden changes with the seasons as economic and political advice. Chance, as Chauncey Gardiner, quickly rises to national public prominence. He becomes a media celebrity with an appearance on a television talk show and soon rises to the top of Washington society. Public opinion polls start to reflect just how much his "simple brand of wisdom" resonates with the jaded American public. Rand, dying of aplastic anemia, encourages Eve to become close to Chance. At his funeral, while the president delivers a speech, members of the board of Rand\'s companies hold a whispered discussion over potential replacements for the President in the next term of office. As Rand\'s coffin is about to be interred in the family mausoleum, they unanimously agree on "Chauncey Gardiner". Oblivious to all this, Chance wanders through Rand\'s wintry estate. He straightens out a pine sapling and then walks off across the surface of a small lake. The audience now sees Chance physically walking on water. He pauses, dips his umbrella into the water under his feet as if testing its depth, turns, and then continues to walk on the water as the president quotes Rand: "Life is a state of mind."'] ["John Bourgignon  is an amiable chauffeur and would-be drummer who is engaged to the daughter  of an extremely disapproving United States senator . As the wedding date approaches, Bourgignon's sleazy film-director friend  blackmails the senator into allowing him to record the ceremony, while Bourgignon runs afoul of a motorcycle gang and later finds himself kicked out onto the nighttime city streets while handcuffed to a dead man . Worst of all, a local aerobics studio has become the front for an inept religious cult which has targeted the senator for assassination, and attempts to drug and brainwash Bourgignon into killing his future father-in-law during the wedding ceremony. In the end, with the questionable help of his even more hapless friend , Bourgignon more or less saves the day, and more or less lives happily ever after."] ['The Numata family consists of the father, Kōsuke ; mother, Chikako ; and two sons, Shinichi  and Shigeyuki . Shigeyuki is a junior high school student who will soon be taking a high school entrance examination. Unlike the high school student brother, Shinichi, who lives up to Kōsuke’s expectations, Shigeyuki’s grades are consistently poor. The white-collar workaholic father finds a private tutor, Yoshimoto , for Shigeyuki and imposes all responsibilities for his exam on the tutor. Even though Yoshimoto is a seventh year student of a third-rate university, Shigeyuki’s marks become better and better.'] ['Ferdinando Cefalù , an impoverished Sicilian nobleman, is married to Rosalia , an unattractive but devoted wife. However, he is in love with his cousin Angela , a very much younger and attractive woman whom he sees only during the summers because her family sends her away to the city to a nunnery to receive her education. Besides his wife, he shares his life with his elderly parents and his spinster sister and her boyfriend who runs a funeral business; the family share their once stately palace with his uncles, who are slowly but surely eating away the remainders of the then rich estate of the Baron. Ferdinando spends his spare time  imagining several ways in which he can do away with his wife, such as throwing her into a boiling caldron to turn her into soap or sending her into space in a rocket. After a chance encounter with Angela during a family trip, he discovers that she shares his feelings. With this, he resolves to carry out his plans and is inspired by a local story of a woman who killed her husband in a rage of jealousy to make his wife have an affair so that he can catch her in flagrante delicto, murder her, and receive a light sentence for committing an honor killing, studying very carefully the Criminal Code. As he goes along fleshing out his plan, he first needs to find a suitable man for his wife, which he finds in the local priest\'s godson, Carmelo Patanè, who has had feelings for Rosalia for years and was presumed dead in Africa during World War II. He then also procures the State Prosecutor\'s undying friendship by feeding his love for alcohol. The final stage of his plan is arranging to have Carmelo\'s constant presence in his house, which is achieved by his interest in having his palace restored. The plan takes a while to get off the ground, because Carmelo is very shy and Rosalia is more than a match in conjugal fidelity. Ferdinando is aware of the development of his plan because he has been taping all their conversations and has to ward off the help\'s infatuation with Carmelo. During his monitoring of the entire plan, Ferdinando discovers that Carmelo is actually married with three children and a philanderer who could be easily distracted by any other passing skirt. However, his plan turns out better than expected when Rosalia and Carmelo finally give in to their passion; but as he eavesdrops the tape runs out at the precise moment the adulterers arrange for their next illicit meeting. All Ferdinando knows is that it will take place the next evening. Rosalia feigns to have a terrible headache and remains home while the rest of the family go out to the theatre to see the première of a film so scandalous that no one wishes to miss it. Ferdinando sneaks out of the theatre and goes back to the palace, arriving just in time to see Rosalia running to the train station. He initially has to run out after her but still has to retrieve the gun to kill the couple; and as a result he misses the train and the lovers in it. He revisits his plan and the Criminal Code, which calls for a crime of passion to be executed in the heat of the moment or in defense of one\'s honor; this then means changing his plan and passing off as the cuckold. All the while Angela has been writing to Ferdinando to assure her of her undying love no matter what; however, one of her letters is misdelivered to her father who dies of a stroke upon reading it. At the funeral, Ferdinando is approached by Mrs. Patanè who demands to know what he will do to avenge their situation. Since Ferdinando is still doing nothing, she spits in his face in front of the entire town, which gives him all that he needed: an open insult to the family\'s honor due to his wife\'s elopement. The local mafia boss offers to find the lovers within 24 hours, which he does. As Ferdinando goes to the lovers\' hideout, he comes across Mrs. Patanè, who has just shot her husband, which actually leaves him in a worse position than before. As he sees no other choice, he follows in Mrs. Patanè\'s footsteps and finally kills his wife. During his trial he is actually defended by the State Prosecutor who blames the whole thing on Ferdinando\'s father and his lack of love when raising him as a boy. He spends no more than three years in jail and finally comes back home to find a loving Angela waiting for him. In the film\'s epilogue, Ferdinando and Angela are sailing away on a sailboat, happily. Ferdinando states "life begins at 40" as the camera pans down, revealing Angela seductively rubbing her feet against the workman steering the boat.'] ['A serial killer is on the loose in a Los Angeles suburb, and a television repairman with a pronounced limp named Horace Pinker  becomes the prime suspect. When the investigating detective, Lt. Don Parker ([[Michael Murphy , gets too close, Pinker murders Parker\'s wife, daughter, and his biological son. However, his adopted son Jonathan  develops a strange connection to Pinker through his dreams and leads Parker to Pinker\'s rundown shop. In a shootout in which several officers are killed, Pinker manages to escape. He targets Jonathan\'s girlfriend Allison  in retribution. Another dream leads Lt. Parker and the police to Pinker, who is in the midst of a kidnapping. This time, just as Pinker is about to kill Jonathan, he is arrested. Pinker is quickly convicted and sentenced to die in the electric chair. Prior to his execution, Pinker reveals that Jonathan is, in fact, his son, and that as a boy, Jonathan had shot him in the knee while trying to stop the murder of his mother. But what they do not realize is that Pinker has made a "deal with the devil". When he is executed, he does not actually die but instead becomes pure electricity, and is able to possess others  to continue his murderous ways. He soon possesses Lt. Don Parker. Parker uses his strength to fight off Pinker, who escapes into a T.V. dish. Jonathan and his friends try to find a way to fight him. Eventually, Jonathan, with the aid of Alison\'s "spirit", devises a scheme to bring Pinker back into the real world and accidentally discovers that Pinker, as with all energy sources, is bound by the laws of the real world and uses this limitation to defeat him. Pinker threatens Jonathan that he will find a way out of his "prison". The film ends when Alison\'s voice tells Jonathan to take care of himself, while Jonathan\'s neighborhood suffers a blackout.'] ['Gordon Comstock , is a successful copywriter at a flourishing advertising firm in 1930s London. His girlfriend and co-worker, Rosemary , fears he may never settle down with her when he suddenly disavows his money-based lifestyle and quits his job for the artistic satisfaction of writing poetry.'] ['Hancock plays a downtrodden London office clerk who gives up his office job to pursue full-time his vocation as an artist. Single mindedly, and with an enthusiasm far exceeding any artistic talent , he sets to work on his masterpiece Aphrodite at the Waterhole, moving to Paris where he expects his genius will be appreciated. While his \'ideas\' and persona gain acceptance  among the "beat" set, legitimate art critics, like Sir Charles Broward,  scoff at his work. He manages to achieve success, however, when the work of his former roommate, a genuinely talented painter, becomes confused with his own. The confusion is eventually resolved after a series of art exhibitions, and he returns, down but not out, to London, where he pursues his \'art\' in defiance of whatever others may think of it. The film consists of many scenes parodying modern art and poetry. The scene showing Hancock splashing paint onto a canvas and riding a bike over it, is quite reminiscent of Jackson Pollock\'s technique. The childlike paintings parody the naive style.'] ['Although the film does not have a linear plot, a skeletal structure exists, telling the same story from three different perspectives divided into three acts.  The film\'s main character is Fletcher Munson , an office employee working under Theodore Azimuth Schwitters, the leader of a self-help company/religion/lifestyle known as Eventualism, a clear reference to L. Ron Hubbard and Scientology. The audience sees the events unfold in the opening act through Fletcher\'s point of view. Fletcher sees the underlying meaning in everything, paying more attention to what is meant, rather than what is said. As he progresses through his day the audience sees the lack of attention he is paying to the people around him, degrading to the point where he comes home for dinner and he and his wife illustrate their lack of communication by simply describing what they are saying. :Fletcher: Generic greeting. :Wife: Generic greeting returned. :Fletcher: Imminent sustenance. :Wife: Overly dramatic statement regarding upcoming meal. :Fletcher: Oooh, false reaction indicating hunger and excitement! When Fletcher\'s co-worker Lester Richards  unexpectedly dies, Fletcher must take his job as speechwriter for Schwitters. His personal life suffers because of his work, and he becomes even more detached from his wife, who is trying to cope by having an affair. Meanwhile, Elmo Oxygen, a local exterminator, spends much of his time going from house to house, bedding the bored housewives of the community, and taking pictures of his genitals using various cameras he finds on tables and in cabinets. Elmo and those around him speak in a nonsensical code that, for all its complexity, conveys meaning perfectly. As Elmo makes his rounds, he is followed by a couple in an SUV. Fletcher finishes this act by making an honest mistake in a parking lot. Finding that his key will not work, he looks around and finds that his car  is an exact match for the one he is trying to get into. He goes to enter his own car when he sees a man who is his exact double climb into the car he himself just tried to enter. Fletcher follows his doppelganger home and closes his eyes and becomes this mystery man.  The second act follows the doppelganger, one Dr. Jeffrey Korchek. Korchek is a conservative dentist who has been mentioned by one or two smaller characters in the first act. He is always in a jogging suit, although he only jogs from his car to the door of wherever he is going. He is also quite a fan of Muzak. Korchek, it turns out, is the mystery man that Fletcher\'s wife has been having an affair with, causing Fletcher/Korchek to comment, "Oh no. I\'m having an affair with my wife!" Despite being with, essentially, the same man, Mrs. Munson seems to feel comfortable with Dr. Korchek. The communication is better and she feels needed and wanted. Korchek suggests she leave Fletcher and move in with him. Mrs. Munson says she will think about it. The next day, Dr. Korchek has breakfast with his heroin addict brother, who first asks to stay with Korchek, and then asks to borrow money. Korchek says he cannot and that his brother should not be dealing with the drug dealers anyway. The brother tries to see it from this perspective, but they cannot see eye to eye on this one. Korchek goes to work. Once there he meets Attractive Woman Number 2 . Korchek falls instantly in love with her and writes a letter professing his love. :"Dear attractive woman number 2, only once in my life have I responded to a person the way I\'ve responded to you, but I\'ve forgotten when it was or even if it was in fact me that responded. I may not know much, but I know that the wind sings your name endlessly, although with a slight lisp that makes it difficult to understand if I\'m standing near an air conditioner. I know that your hair sits atop your head as though it could sit nowhere else. I know that your figure would make a sculptor cast aside his tools, injuring his assistant who was looking out the window instead of paying attention. I know that your lips are as full as that sexy French models that I desperately want to fuck. I know that if for an instant I could have you lie next to me, or on top of me, or sit on me, or stand over me and shake, then I would be the happiest man in my pants. I know all of this, and yet you do not know me. Change your life; accept my love. Or, at least let me pay you to accept it." He leaves this note on her door and goes home. Once there, he sees a car parked in the driveway. It is Mrs. Munson, who has considered the offer and has left Fletcher. Korchek has to admit that he has fallen in love with someone else and this probably is not going to work out. Mrs. Munson is justifiably upset and leaves. The next day Korchek gets to work and is confronted by a large man who says "Your brother, eight hours, fifteen thousand dollars." In fact, almost all of this man\'s dialog consists of some combination of these three commands. Korchek goes into the office and finds a registered letter from a law firm representing Attractive Woman Number 2, who is filing a sexual harassment suit against Dr. Korchek. The day goes from bad to worse when it is revealed that Korchek\'s brother has stolen all of his money. Broke, tired, loveless and depressed, Korchek leaves work, only to find that the large man\'s time limit has elapsed. Korchek is shot dead. Throughout this act, Elmo has been given his own action show and has given up bug spraying to become a star.  The final act is seen through the perspective of Mrs. Munson. We move through the storyline again and see her side of things, Fletcher\'s growing disaffection, Dr. Korchek\'s affection, the day-to-day routine of being a mom. The action follows roughly the same events, except that Fletcher and his doppelganger speak Japanese, Italian or French, with the cultural stereotype of each nationality reflecting Mrs Munson\'s perception of the men. This is in a similar vein to the "generic greetings" of the earlier act. Once she leaves Korchek, she makes a tired reconciliation with Fletcher and they go home together. Fletcher finishes Schwitter\'s speech and all seems to be well. The day of the speech, Schwitters mounts the podium and prepares to give the oration which is, by all accounts, quite good. He does not get to utter even a greeting, though, as Elmo, who has been missing for this entire act, bursts into the auditorium and shoots Schwitters in the chest. Schwitters survives, however, and Oxygen is arrested. After nonsensical ranting he exposes his crotch in a police interrogation. The movie ends with a pair of monologues. First, Munson is seen in a shopping mall narrating the events of the rest of his life &mdash; his wife will leave him and he will drunkenly collapse in Alaska and freeze to death. Then, Soderbergh returns and asks if there are any questions regarding the end of the film. The camera pulls back and reveals he\'s talking to an empty auditorium.  The film has no beginning or end credits. There is a single frame of copyright information at the end of the film.'] ["Jesse Huston  hires Allan Quatermain to find her father, believed lost on an expedition to find the fabled King Solomon's Mines. Together with his companion, the mysterious Umbopo, they penetrate unknown country, following a map believed to be genuine. It transpires that Professor Huston has been captured by a German military expedition on the same quest, led by Bockner , an stereotypical single-minded knackwurst-munching, bald-headed Colonel and a ruthless Turkish slave-trader and adventurer, Dogati . Huston is being forced to interpret another map, also believed to be genuine. The two rival expeditions shadow each other, clashing on several occasions, and finally enter the tribal lands of the Kukuana who capture them. The tribe is under the control of the evil priestess, Gagoola, who has Quatermain hung upside down over a pond full of crocodiles. Just when all seems lost, Umbopo arrives and after defeating Gagoola's warriors in combat, reveals his identity as an exiled tribal chief and the rightful ruler of the Kukuanas. As the tribesmen submit to him, Gagoola captures Jesse and flees into caves in the depths of the Breasts of Sheba, the twin mountain peaks where the mines are located. They are pursued by Bockner and Dogati, who attack the village in full force. They follow Quatermain and Umbopo to the entrance to the mines, but are hampered by a moat of quicksand. Bockner orders his men forward into the moat, but they have trouble crossing it. Dogati then kills all of Bockner's soldiers, as well as most of his own men, and uses their bodies as stepping stones to cross the moat safely. As they approach the entrance, Bockner shoots Dogati and takes command of what little remains of the party. Inside the mines, Quatermain and Umbopo rescue Jesse and find the resting place of all the former tribal queens, including the Queen of Sheba herself, encased in crystal. Umbopo explains that Gagoola had attempted to sacrifice Jesse in order to keep her power as the Kukuanas' ruler because of Jessie's strong resemblance to the Queen of Sheba. Then Gagoola appears and taunts Umbopo, who pursues her through the caverns. As Bockner and his men arrive next, Quatermain and Jessie flee for safety, but end up in the cavern's treasure chamber, which is full of raw diamonds and other priceless treasures. As they gather some of the diamonds to take with them, Bockner hears their voices from outside the chamber, but before he can enter, Gagoola activates a hidden rock switch and seals Quatermain and Jessie inside the chamber. The switch also triggers a trap that causes the ceiling of the chamber, which is lined with stalactites to lower on them. Quatermain and Jessie manage to stop the ceiling trap, but then the chamber begins filling up with water. Just as the chamber fills completely, a lit stick of dynamite set by Bockner outside the chamber door explodes, sending them both spewing out of the chamber in the resulting flood to safety. Bockner enters the chamber and quickly lays claim to the treasure, only to be confronted by a wounded, but very much alive, Dogati, who was wearing a protective vest that shielded him from the bullets. He then forces Bockner to swallow some of the diamonds, intending to cut him open to retrieve them later on. Meanwhile, Umbopo finally corners Gagoola. But rather than face his judgment, she instead leaps down one of the volcano's shafts and is incinerated when she lands in the molten lava below. However, the reaction causes a series of eruptions throughout the mines. Dogati is partially buried when the treasure chamber's ceiling collapses, but Bockner is unharmed. He gloats to Dogati after claiming a few more diamonds for himself, then leaves the chamber. But not before firing his gun at the ruined ceiling, burying Dogati alive. Quatermain, Jessie and Umbopa quickly flee for their lives through the collapsing caverns. They cross over a small booby- trapped lake , only to be stopped by Bockner, who demands they surrender their diamonds to him. Quatermain places the diamonds on the central stepping stone that triggers the trap and tells Bockner to come take the diamonds himself if he wants them. Bockner does so and falls into the lake, only to be seized in the jaws of a Mokele-mbembe and dragged beneath the water. The trap resets itself and the diamonds rise back to the surface, but Umbopo warns Quatermain and Jesse not to take them, saying they belong to the mountain. The trio continue their escape through the caverns, which becomes even more dangerous as the lava chamber they are in is full of fire and falling rocks. Quatermain tells Umbopo to take Jessie through to safety while he follows them. But before he can do so, he is struck down by Dogati, who survived the cave-in. A brutal fight between them ensues, but Quatermain gains the upper hand at the last instant, sending Dogati falling into the chamber's lava pit to his death. Quatermain manages to escape from the mines at the last minute, just as the volcano explodes, sealing the entrance forever. Returning to the village, Umbopo assumes his rightful place as the ruler of the Kukuanas and he and his people bid a fond farewell to Quatermain and Jesse. As they exit the village, they each reveal they had kept a diamond from the mines as a souvenir of their adventure and the movie ends with them kissing outside the village gates."] ["The tailor's handyman  burns a count's trousers while ironing them and is fired. His superior  discovers a note explaining the count can't attend a party, and dresses up like one to take his place. Chaplin also goes to the residence hosting the party, but runs into the tailor. They both then struggle to win the fair maiden, Miss Moneybags . Soon, Charlie is distracted by a gypsy girl and the tailor must fend off other suitors. The real Count finally arrives, learns of the imposters and calls the police. Chaplin makes a mad dash through the party and scampers away to safety."] ['The wealthy Mrs. Teasdale  insists that Rufus T. Firefly  be appointed leader of the small, bankrupt country of Freedonia before she will continue to provide much-needed financial backing. Meanwhile, neighboring Sylvania is attempting to take over the country. Sylvanian ambassador Trentino  tries to foment a revolution, woos Mrs. Teasdale, and attempts to dig up dirt on Firefly by sending in spies Chicolini  and Pinky . After failing to collect worthwhile information about Firefly, Chicolini and Pinky infiltrate the government when Chicolini is appointed Secretary of War after Firefly sees him on the street selling peanuts. Meanwhile, Firefly\'s personal assistant, Bob Roland  suspects Trentino\'s questionable motives, and counsels Firefly to "get rid of that man at once" by saying "something to make him mad, and he\'ll strike you, and we\'ll force him to leave the country." Firefly agrees to the plan, but after a series of personal insults exchanged between Firefly and Trentino, the plan backfires and Firefly slaps Trentino instead. As a result, the two countries reach the brink of war. Adding to the international friction is the fact that Firefly is also wooing Mrs. Teasdale, and likewise hoping to get his hands on her late husband\'s wealth. Trentino learns that Freedonia\'s war plans are in Mrs. Teasdale\'s possession and orders Chicolini and Pinky to steal them. Chicolini is caught by Firefly and put on trial, during which war is officially declared, and everyone is overcome by war frenzy, breaking into song and dance. The trial put aside, Chicolini and Pinky join Firefly and Bob Roland in anarchic battle, resulting in general mayhem. The end of the film finds Trentino caught in makeshift stocks, with the Brothers pelting him with fruit. Trentino surrenders, but Firefly tells him to wait until they run out of fruit. Mrs. Teasdale begins singing the Freedonia national anthem in her operatic voice and the Brothers begin hurling fruit at her instead.  In the "mirror scene," Pinky, dressed as Firefly, pretends to be Firefly\'s reflection in a missing mirror, matching his every move—including absurd ones that begin out of sight—to near perfection. In one particularly surreal moment, the two men swap positions, and thus the idea of which is a reflection of the other. Eventually, and to their misfortune, Chicolini, also disguised as Firefly, enters the frame and collides with both of them. Although its appearance in Duck Soup is the best known instance, the concept of the mirror scene did not originate in this film. Charlie Chaplin used it in The Floorwalker James Steffen "Seven Years Bad Luck" This scene has been recreated many times; for instance, in the Bugs Bunny cartoon Hare Tonic, <poem>They got guns, We got guns, All God\'s chillun got guns! I\'m gonna walk all over the battlefield, \'Cause all God\'s chillun got guns!</poem> A portion of the final production sequence is used near the end of the Woody Allen film Hannah and Her Sisters Firefly can be seen wearing a different costume in almost every sequence until the end of the film, including American Civil War outfits , a British palace guard uniform, a Boy Scout Scoutmaster&#39;s uniform, and even a coon-skin Davy Crockett cap. Meanwhile, the exterior view of the building they are occupying changes appearance from a bunker to an old fort, etc. Firefly assures his generals that he has &#34;a man out combing the countryside for volunteers.&#34; Sure enough, Pinky is wandering out on the front lines wearing a sandwich board sign reading, &#34;Join the Army and see the Navy.&#34; Later, Chicolini volunteers Pinky to carry a message through enemy lines; Firefly tells him, &#34;[...] and remember, while you&#39;re out there risking life and limb through shot and shell, we&#39;ll be in here thinking what a sucker you are.&#34; Thomas Doherty has described this line as &#34;sum[ming] up the Great War cynicism towards all things patriotic&#34;. Chico and Harpo harass a lemonade seller , egged on by his irritation that they have stolen his pitch. First, there is a scene involving the knocking off, dropping, picking up and exchanging of hats. Later, Kennedy  steals bags of Harpo&#39;s peanuts, and Harpo responds by burning Kennedy&#39;s new straw boater hat; in return, Kennedy pushes over their peanut wagon. Harpo responds by stepping knee-deep into Kennedy&#39;s lemonade tank, where he imitates a stereotypical Italian grape-crushing peasant; this drives off Kennedy&#39;s waiting line of customers. Just before the Mirror Scene is the Radio Scene. Harpo tries the combination to the safe on a box which proves to be a radio, and it starts blaring the break-up strain of John Philip Sousa&#39;s &#34;Stars and Stripes Forever&#34;. The music continues despite ongoing efforts to silence, and finally destroy, the radio. Harpo often doffed his hat on-screen, but Chico very rarely removed his Tyrolean hat, even when indoors. For a few seconds on-screen in the earlier scene, Chico&#39;s head is uncovered, revealing a wavy wig. Chico had already started going bald when the brothers appeared in their first Broadway production, I\'ll Say She Is, in 1924. All of the Brothers&#39; natural receding-hairline patterns were similar, but Harpo and Chico covered theirs with wigs.'] ['During a battle in the last months of World War I, the protagonist, an unnamed Jewish private and a barber by profession , is fighting for the Central Powers in the army of the fictional nation of Tomainia, comically blundering through the trenches in combat scenes. Upon hearing a fatigued pilot pleading for help, the private attempts to rescue the exhausted officer, Commander Schultz . The two board Schultz\'s nearby airplane and fly off, escaping enemy fire in the nick of time. Schultz reveals that he is carrying important dispatches that could win the war. However, the plane loses fuel and crashes in a marsh. They both survive, but the private suffers from memory loss. As medics arrive, Commander Schultz gives them the dispatches, but is told that the war has just ended and Tomainia lost. Twenty years later, as the amnesiac private is released from the hospital, Adenoid Hynkel , the ruthless dictator of Tomainia, has undertaken to persecute Jews throughout the land, aided by Minister of the Interior Garbitsch  and Minister of War Herring . The symbol of Hynkel\'s fascist regime is the "double cross", and Hynkel himself speaks in a macaronic parody of the German language, "translated" at humorously obvious parts in the speech by an overly concise English-speaking news voice-over.  The Jewish private/barber, unaware of Hynkel\'s rise to power, returns to his barbershop in the Jewish ghetto{{dn}} and is shocked when storm troopers paint "Jew" on the windows of his shop. In his ensuing slapstick scuffle with the stormtroopers, Hannah , a beautiful resident of the ghetto, knocks both Stormtroopers on the head with a frying pan. The barber finds a friend and ultimately a love interest in Hannah. Soon, the barber is attacked again by Stormtroopers, but is saved when Commander Schultz, now a high official in Hynkel\'s government, intervenes. Schultz recognizes the barber, who is reminded of the war by Schultz and therefore regains his memory. Though surprised to find him a Jew, Schultz orders the storm troopers to leave him and Hannah alone. Hynkel relaxes his stance on Tomainian Jewry in an attempt to woo a Jewish financier into giving him a loan to support his regime. Egged on by Garbitsch, Hynkel has become obsessed with the idea of being Emperor of the world, dancing at one point with a large, inflatable globe, to the tune of the Prelude to Act I of Richard Wagner\'s Lohengrin. Against Garbitsch\'s advice to reinforce the violence against Jews, Hynkel plans to invade the neighboring country of Osterlich, and needs the loan to finance the invasion. When the Jewish financier refuses, Hynkel reinstates and intensifies his persecution of the Jews. When Schultz, who is empathetic to the Jews, voices his objection to the pogrom, Hynkel denounces Schultz as a supporter of democracy and a traitor, and orders him placed in a concentration camp. Schultz flees to the ghetto and begins planning to overthrow the Hynkel regime with Hannah, the barber and other residents there. After discussing and then abandoning a proposed suicide mission, Schultz and the barber are captured and condemned to the camp.  Hynkel is initially opposed by Benzino Napaloni , dictator of Bacteria, in his plans to invade Osterlich. Hynkel invites Napaloni to a military show to impress him with a display of military might and psychological warfare, but this ends in disaster. After some friction, a comedic food fight between the two leaders and a deal between the two leaders on which Hynkel immediately reneges, his invasion proceeds. Hannah had emigrated to Osterlich to escape Hynkel, but once again finds herself living under Hynkel\'s regime. Schultz and the barber escape from the camp wearing Tomainian uniforms. Border guards mistake the barber for Hynkel, to whom he is nearly identical in appearance. Conversely, Hynkel, on a duck-hunting trip, falls overboard and is mistaken for the barber and is arrested by his own soldiers. The barber, now assuming Hynkel\'s identity, is taken to the capital of Osterlich to make a victory speech. Garbitsch, in introducing "Hynkel" to the throngs, decries free speech and argues for the subjugation of the Jews. The barber then makes a rousing speech, reversing Hynkel\'s antisemitic policies and declaring that Tomainia and Osterlich will now be a free nation and a democracy. He calls for humanity in general to break free from dictatorships and use science and progress to make the world better instead.wikiquote:Charlie Chaplin Hannah, now an impoverished laborer in a vineyard in Osterlich, hears the barber\'s speech on the radio, and is amazed when "Hynkel" addresses her directly: "Hannah, can you hear me? Wherever you are, look up, Hannah. The clouds are lifting. The sun is breaking through. We are coming out of the darkness into the light. We are coming into a new world, a kindlier world, where men will rise above their hate, their greed and brutality. Look up, Hannah. The soul of man has been given wings, and at last he is beginning to fly. He is flying into the rainbow — into the light of hope, into the future, the glorious future that belongs to you, to me, and to all of us. Look up, Hannah. Look up!" As she rises, an aged man  asks, "Hannah, did you hear that?" The girl silences him with a gesture, saying, "Listen," and turns her face, radiant with joy and hope, toward the sunlight.Eidenmuller, Michael E. "The Great Dictator" ". American Rhetoric. Retrieved April 1, 2012.'] ["Snàporaz  wakes up during a train ride and has a brief fling with a woman in the bathroom, but it's cut short when the train suddenly stops and the woman gets off. Snàporaz follows her into the woods, through the wilderness and into a Grand Hotel overrun with women in attendance for a surrealistic feminist convention. He winds up in a conference about polyandry, where his presence is rejected. A frightened Snàporaz retreats to the hotel lobby, but the exit is blocked; instead he seeks refuge with a girl who offers her assistance, Donatella , inside an elevator. Donatella leads Snàporaz into a gymnasium and forces him to don roller skates. He is yet again cornered and berated by a group of angry women who circle around him in roller skates and practice testicle-kicking with a dummy. Dazed, Snàporaz makes his exit down a flight of stairs, falling down and badly hurting himself, and into the domain of a burly woman  tending to the hotel's furnace. The woman showers and offers him a ride to the train station on her motorcycle, but stops by a farm and lures Snàporaz into a nursery, where she tries to rape him. The rape is cut short by the woman's mother, who steps in to chastise her daughter, and Snàporaz decides to follow instead a lonely woman through the country side. He joins her and her girlfriends on a car ride on the promise of being delivered to the station, but the ride goes on well into the night and all they do is hang out high on drugs and listen to techno. A frustrated Snàporaz ditches them and is harassed by them and two more cars until he finds shelter in the off-limits private property of one Dr. Xavier Katzone , who hails gunfire on his persecutors. Dr. Katzone promises to deliver Snàporaz to the train station the following morning and invites him to stay on for a party. Snàporaz walks around Katzone's extravagant household, which is filled with sexual imagery and suggestive, phalic sculptures. He is also fascinated by a collection of photographs hanging from the manor walls that become alight by pressing a button and whisper out arousing dialogue. Katzone takes pride on his many inventions and sets on to celebrate his 10,000th photograph with an eccentric party that involves the blowing of 10,000 candles and a performance by his wife, in which she lures objects such as coins and pearls into her vagina by means of telepathy. It is in this party that Snàporaz comes across his ex wife, Elena , who has a drunken argument with him, and meets Donatella again. The police  arrives, interrupting Katzone mid-song, announcing the imminent demolition of his house. They also inform him that they've shot one of his dogs, Italo, his most beloved. A grieved Katzone gives burial to him. Meanwhile, Snàporaz dances to Fred Astaire with Donatella and a friend of hers , but fails to sleep with either of them, instead getting stuck with his ex on bed. Unable to sleep and hearing strange noises, he crawls under the bed, entering a dream-like world in which he slides down a toboggan, along the way revisiting his childhood crushes . He is caged at the end of the slide and transported before a strange court, where he is judged for his masculinity. Although he is dismissed to go free, he decides to confront his tentative punishment, and escalates a towering ring before a feminine crowd. At the top of the ring he climbs up a ladder and into a hot air balloon in the shape of Donatella. Donatella herself fires at him from below with a machine-gun, bursting the balloon and sending Snàporaz plummeting to apparent death. Snàporaz then wakes up on the very same train from the beginning of the film, showing the story to have been a mere nightmare. Just as he comes to this conclusion, he realizes his glasses are broken  and that the wagon is filled by the women that crowded his dream. The train then races into a tunnel and credits roll."] ["The film's plot focuses on an African teenager named James  whom hails from the fictional African village Entshongweni, who goes on a pilgrimage journey, on behalf of his village, towards the Holy Land, Israel, and especially in order to come to Jerusalem. Upon arriving in Israel, James is suspected to be an illegal foreign worker and as a result he is arrested. Shimi , a contractor of foreign workers, releases him on bail to work with him. After James explains to him that he did not travel to Israel to work, Shimi clarifies to him that since he paid for his release, James now owes him. Therefore James is forced to interrupt his journey and begin working for Shimi. Shimi tries to gain a profit at James' expense and makes him work for other people as well. Shimi's wife sees him as a kind of an amusement. Salah, Shimi's father, soon discovers that James is exceptionally lucky rolling dice and he decides to exploit this in order to win in backgammon games against his friends. James hopes to pay his debt to Shimi so that he can finally reach Jerusalem, but as time passes he learns how to conduct with the locals. James starts managing his foreign worker friends, and soon he becomes a cheap labor contractor himself, just like Shimi. James buys himself nice clothes, a mobile phone and a TV. As a result, he forgets about the pilgrimage. Eventually James remembers the original reason for which he arrived in Israel, but it is already too late – he is arrested by the immigration police and transferred to an Israeli prison. The prison is located in the Russian Compound in Jerusalem, and so as he is handcuffed, James finally gets to see the city for which his village prays to."] ['The story is of a modern society endangered by power and greed and the rebellion of the "little people" against corrupt and soulless authority. A group of four prominent men, The General , The Commissar , The Chairman  and The Prospector  discuss how they can increase their fortunes. The Prospector tells them that there is oil in the middle of Paris and they resolve to acquire the rights with or without the consent of the people of Paris. Countess Aurelia , the "madwoman" of the title, learns of this plan to drill for oil under the very streets of her district from Roderick  an activist and The Ragpicker . She enlists the help of her friends, a motley crew of "little people" who include the "madwomen" of neighbouring districts, Constance, the Madwoman of Passy , Gabrielle, the Madwoman of St. Sulpice . A trial takes place in the Countess\' cellar presided over by Aurelia\'s friend Josephine , the Madwoman of La Concorde as judge and the Ragpicker as the lawyer for the defense.'] ['Richard "Dicky" Pilager, the dim-witted scion of a powerful political dynasty, is running for Governor of Colorado. One day, while filming a campaign ad that shows him fishing, Dicky Pilager hooks a corpse on location. Chuck Raven, Pilager\'s Campaign Manager, hires Danny O\'Brien, a former journalist who works as a private investigator, to examine the case. Raven urges O\'Brien to find potential links between the body and Pilager\'s political enemies. O\'Brien\'s job is to essentially intimidate Pilager\'s opponents, and he has numerous revealing conversations with various people. He learns that business mogul Wes Benteen is using Pilager to promote his own agenda. The interviews also reveal further corruption where politicians, land developers, and mining companies have come to an agreement, whereby environmental issues have been completely ignored. He also learns about illegal migrant workers, as well as a potentially damaging love affair.'] ['Two brothers Seth  and Richard "Richie" Gecko , wanted by the FBI and Texas police for a bank robbery that has left several people dead, stop at a liquor store with the intent of just picking up a state map, but the psychotic Richie kills Ranger Earl McGraw  and the cashier ([[John Hawkes  and burns the store down. During the gunfight, Richie is shot in his left hand. The Geckos are heading towards Mexico, where a contact has arranged a safehouse for them. Along the way they stop at a motel and it is revealed that they had been keeping a bank teller  in their car trunk as hostage. While Seth goes out to buy some food, Richie brutally rapes and murders the teller, which infuriates Seth when he returns. Meanwhile, Jacob , a pastor who is experiencing a crisis of faith, arrives at the same motel with his daughter Kate  and his adopted son Scott . Realizing that the family\'s RV can be used to get them across the border, the brothers kidnap the family, making a truce that if they can make it past the border, Jacob and his family will not be harmed. When the RV reaches the Mexican border, the Gecko brothers hide in the bathroom with Kate, to ensure Jacob will not say anything to the cops. But when one cop  comes up to the window to speak with him, Jacob behaves nervously, and says it just him and his son crossing the border. The cop hears a noise in the back and asks what it was. When Jacob replies it was his daughter, the cop comes aboard. He knocks on the bathroom door and Kate answers. When they open the door, they see Kate sitting on the toilet, the brothers hidden behind the shower curtain. Kate yells for them to get out, and the cops leave, believing they have cleared the RV of any suspicious activity. After successfully reaching Mexico, they arrive at the "Titty Twister", a strip club/brothel in the middle of a desolate part of Mexico, to meet their contact Carlos at dawn. Inside, Seth and Richie drink heavily, encouraging the entire group to do the same. Richie takes special notice of the club\'s star performer, Santánico Pandemónium  during an extended solo performance, after which Chet Pussy  and some others approach the group, looking to settle the score with the Geckos. In a short confrontation, Richie is stabbed in his already wounded hand, and seeing his blood, Santánico attacks him, undergoing a transformation into a horrific vampire. Chaos ensues as the employees, the strippers and the house band  are all revealed to be vampires. Most of the patrons are quickly killed. Richie is bitten by Santánico and bleeds to death. Only Seth, Jacob, Kate, Scott, a biker named Sex Machine  and a Vietnam veteran trucker named Frost  survive the attack. They quickly establish an alliance in order to survive through the night. Seth convinces the group that Jacob is their best weapon, if he rediscovers his faith, and they also figure out how forming a cross with two objects helps fend off the vampires. The slain patrons, including Richie, reawaken as vampires, forcing the group to kill them all. During this second struggle, one of the vampires bites Sex Machine\'s arm. While the group is listening to Frost recount an event from his days in Vietnam, Sex Machine transforms into a vampire and bites both Frost and Jacob before being tossed through a boarded up window, which allows many other vampires, in the form of bats, to enter. Seth and the Fullers retreat to a storeroom and improvise anti-vampire weapons from supplies left by prior victims of the bar. The four stage their final assault on the vampires, their weapons proving effective in destroying many of the creatures. During the battle, Sex Machine is killed by Kate and Jacob slays the vampiric Frost. Jacob transforms, but Scott is hesitant to kill him and gets bitten. He manages to dispatch his father and is dragged down by other vampires. Kate follows the wishes of her brother and kills him, also destroying his attackers. As the sun rises, only Seth and Kate remain alive, surrounded and low on ammunition. Just then, sunlight breaks through the bullet-holes in the bar walls and burns the vampires. Seth and Kate shoot out more holes, which allows them to survive until Carlos and his guards show up. They open the doors, and the sunlight reflects on the bar\'s disco ball, killing the rest of the creatures while Seth and Kate flee outdoors. Safely outside, Seth confronts a bewildered Carlos , who asks if the bar was run by psychopaths. Seth sarcastically replies that psychopaths don\'t explode in sunlight. Angry over the deaths of Richie, Jacob and Scott, Seth demands that Carlos lower his 30% take for his stay in El Rey and telling them to wait in the bar, to which Carlos reluctantly agrees. Kate offers to accompany Seth, but fearing for her safety, he declines and gives her some cash. After Kate drives the RV away, the camera pans back to reveal that the "Titty Twister" bar is the top of an Aztec temple partially sunk into a valley wall, most likely the source and true home of the vampire monsters who\'ve been spreading their curse for centuries, with many abandoned motorbikes and trucks seen around it which means many people met a horrible end.'] ['Jimmy Alto  is a failing actor living in Los Angeles. After increasing frustration with his career going nowhere and with crime in the city, Jimmy, along with his "spaced-out" best friend William , decides to take the law into his own hands. When he isn\'t working as a waiter, Jimmy transforms himself into "Jericho," leader of a mock-vigilante group that videotapes criminals and then turns them over to the police. Jimmy enjoys the free publicity, anonymously, but eventually the police begin to close in on him, resulting in a tense standoff at the Grauman\'s Egyptian Theatre.'] ['The film\'s main character is a 15-year-old girl named Dinky Bossetti . Dinky was adopted as a baby. She appears to have little acceptance in her social circle, although it is not obvious which came first - her antisocial attitude or her being rejected by her peers. Her adoptive mother is disappointed that the daughter she chose has no interest in "feminine" things, such as makeup and nice clothing. Her classmates ostracise, taunt, and throw things at her regularly. Dinky finds solace in her "Ark", a small cabin-boat beached on a lake shore. In and around the boat, Dinky has collected a menagerie of abandoned animals. As the story begins, Dinky is befriended by a new school guidance counselor, who recognizes her intelligence and spirit. Dinky becomes convinced that she is the abandoned daughter of Roxy Carmichael, a minor film star who left town for Hollywood 15 years ago after giving birth to a baby girl out of wedlock. Miss Carmichael has been invited to return to town to assist in the dedication of a new municipal building, and she has accepted. The news of her return stirs up old jealousies and insecurities: old schoolmates start acting in irrational ways, while Denton Webb , the husband she abandoned when she left town, becomes so obsessed by the idea of her return that his wife moves out. As the date for Roxy\'s return draws nearer, Dinky becomes more and more desperate to prove that she is Roxy\'s daughter, visiting the star\'s childhood home , and obsessively questioning Denton about what happened the night she left, believing that Roxy will take her away to a new life. On the day that Roxy is due to arrive, Dinky packs her suitcase and arrives at the welcoming ceremony in a beautiful dress. A limousine draws up, but a man gets out with a note of explanation: Roxy has not come back. Before the limousine can drive away, Dinky runs after it. Denton catches up with her and tells her the whole story : although Roxy did have a baby, and did leave it with him, the baby died. Roxy is not Dinky\'s mother. Left with nothing, Dinky is rescued by Gerald Howells, a popular boy who has become increasingly interested in her. At first, Dinky is suspicious of his interest, but the end of the film shows them together in a relationship where she finally holds the upper hand as things return to normal in the town.  Roxy Carmichael is never fully shown in the film, nor is there ever any explanation given for her fame . We do learn that she once dated a musician who wrote a song about her which became a nationwide hit. He gave the air rights to Roxy, so she "gets paid every time the song is played" on the radio; this is apparently the source of her considerable wealth.'] ["The story concerns Kay Hilliard , a former nightclub singer who discovers her husband Steven  is having an affair with showgirl Crystal Allen . Kay is the last to find out among her circle of gossiping girlfriends. Kay travels to Reno to divorce from Steve who then marries Crystal, but when Kay finds out that Crystal isn't true to Steve she starts fighting to win her ex-husband back."] ["The plot revolves around the contestants and people involved with California's Young American Miss Pageant held in Santa Rosa, California. Barbara Feldon starred as Brenda DiCarlo , with Nicholas Pryor as Andy DiCarlo , Bruce Dern as Big Bob Freelander , Geoffrey Lewis as Wilson Shears , and as the contestants, Joan Prather as Robin Gibson, Annette O'Toole as Doria Hudson, Melanie Griffith as Karen Love, and a small role played by Michael Ritchie's sister, Elsie Ritchie. Choreographer Michael Kidd starred as Tommy French, the pageant's stage director. The movie was filmed on location in and around Santa Rosa, with the pageant held at Veteran's Memorial Auditorium."] ["Archibaldo de la Cruz  is a wealthy Mexican man. As a privileged child during the Mexican Revolution, he witnessed the death of his governess, who died as she told him a fable about a music box that his mother had just given him. Because of the contents of the story and the coincidental timing of the governess's death, a young Archibaldo concludes that he had killed the woman using the music box. It is from there that his desire to kill begins. As an adult, Archibaldo relates this story to a nun, and threatens to kill her with a straight razor. The terrified woman runs from Archibaldo, eventually running into an empty elevator shaft to her death. Archibaldo is called in by a judge investigating the incident. He confesses that he is responsible for her death, and for many others. Patricia Terrazas , is rather loud and constantly at conflict with her lover. After witnessing a fight between her and her lover, Archibaldo follows her and offers to drive her home, which she accepts. On arriving, he fantasizes of killing her with his straight razor, but is interrupted when her lover arrives home. The next morning a police officer arrives at Archibaldo's home, with news that Patricia had committed suicide. Next, Archibaldo turns his attention to Carlota Cervantes , a woman who outwardly appears very religious, and is purported to be a virgin. However, she is having an affair with a married man. Archibaldo approaches her saying that he is very conflicted between good and evil. He thinks that Carlota can fix his problems, and proposes to marry her. In the meantime, Archibaldo pursues another woman, Lavinia ([[Miroslava , whom he met in an antique shop, and later a bar. Lavinia works as a model for mannequins, and also shows American tourists around town. Archibaldo invites Lavinia to his home under false pretenses. He tells her that when they met, she reminded him of Joan of Arc being consumed by flames. He plots to strangle her and burn her in a kiln, but unexpectedly, the doorbell rings. It is Lavinia's tourist friends, the gringuitos. Lavinia has a disappointed Archibaldo take them on a tour of his home. When they leave, Lavinia says that she must go as well, and that she cannot see Archibaldo again because she is getting married. Just as this is happening, Carlota comes in with her mother to accept Archibaldo's proposal. But Archibaldo soon learns of her adulterous relationship, and is displeased. He fantasizes about making her kneel and pray on her wedding night, and shooting her while she is praying. The wedding goes through, however, her jilted ex-lover ends up shooting her instead. After having heard all of this, the judge says that Archibaldo has committed no crimes, and that merely thinking of killing people is not a crime. Archibaldo, despite his intense feelings of guilt, is deemed innocent. As if to be processing this unexpected reaction, Archibaldo takes a walk in the park. He then throws his music box into a lake, and moves on. He runs into Lavinia, whose marriage did not work out. The two walk together and the film ends."] ['After 40 years of undistinguished practice Wilfred Morgenhall , a cynical and unsuccessful barrister, is overjoyed to be assigned a dock brief: the defence of an accused murderer. His client Herbert Fowle , is a meek man who wants to plead guilty to murdering his wife. Through a series of courtroom scenes and flashbacks the lead-up to the crime unfolds, involving Fowle taking in a lodger ([[David Lodge , who takes a more-than-passing interest in Mrs. Fowle . Morgenhall, given an opportunity to shine for the first time in his life, insists on pleading his client "not guilty." But the case does not go as planned: Morgenhall botches the pleadings and Fowle is found guilty. As Morgenhall drowns his sorrows in a pub, he learns that the Home Office has overruled the verdict: Fowle has been declared not guilty on the grounds that his defence was inadequate. The film was released in the USA under the title "Trial and Error."'] [" Jordan Oliver  is caught embezzling $250,000 from his employer but, as he is the boss' son-in-law, is given a chance to pay it back. Meanwhile, his wealthy wife Clarice  is about to divorce him. He can only get the money by having his wife murdered for $1 million life insurance. He hires a hitman Bobo ([[Bill Dana  to kill his wife; Bobo subcontracts the job out to another hitman, who in turn subcontracts it out and so on until an actor is the hitman for just $6.95 When Oliver is told his wife's insurance is invalid, he must rescue his wife before she's murdered."] ["When American heiress Pearl Saunders learns her groom, Lord George Grayston, has married her for her money, she is devastated by the news but chooses to remain wed. Pearl socializes with a group of wealthy expatriate friends, including divorced duchess Minnie, gossip-loving Thornton Clay, philanthropic princess Flora, and Arthur Fenwick, her older lover and benefactor. Pearl introduces her younger sister Bessie to English aristocracy and urges her to pursue a relationship with Lord Harry Bleane. Although she is the target of Fleming Harvey's affections, Bessie is seduced by the glamour of high society and joins her sister for a weekend at the Grayston country estate. When Minnie discovers her gigolo Pepi D'Costa is romancing Pearl, she publicly exposes their indiscretion. Mortified at having her innocent sister learn about her unseemly behavior, Pearl retreats to her room, while Minnie prepares to return to London. Fearful her reputation will be tarnished by Minnie's gossip, Pearl plots to delay her departure and tries to ingratiate herself with the rest of her guests. When Bessie accuses her of hypocrisy, Pearl has second thoughts and steers her sister away from Harry and back to the doting Fleming. She then convinces Minnie to stay another night and learn the latest tango steps from effete dance instructor Ernest."] ['In the farside base on one of Neptune\'s moons, Triton, company soldiers set up their defense perimeter, preparing for an attack from an unstoppable cyborg warrior. The officer and building commander seals the room. During a routine transmission the outside tank patrol is attacked and destroyed. Almost immediately after the chopper patrol is attacked and crashes into the base, allowing the cyborg into the sealed room. The soldiers are no match for the cyborg and are killed one by one. At the last second Nabel deactivates the warrior with a remote control. They find out the cyborg warrior was created by their boss, E. J. Saggs and Nabel. After Saggs finds out about the remote, he has Nabel killed by one of the cyborgs. Keller, the trucker boss, is killed during a brawl on the space station. Truckers John, Cindy and Mike take a job delivering "Sex dolls" to Earth. They are aware that the cargo are not really sex dolls, but this is the only way they can get off of the station. John decides to go through the pirate controlled scum-zone; the truck is damaged and they are captured by the pirates. Cindy agrees to have sex with the pirate captain if he will take only their cargo and let them go. The Captain reveals himself to be Nabel, who survived Sagg\'s attempt on his life, but only as a badly built cyborg. One of the cyborgs breaks out of the containers and kills the pirates, giving Cindy a chance to escape and free John and Mike. They take off to Earth, but the wounded Nabel is on board with them. He tells John and Mike the truth about their cargo - when they get to Earth a large number of cyborgs will be set loose, effectively killing the entire population. John tells Cindy and Mike to take the escape pod and he will release the cargo in the atmosphere so it will burn up on reentry. He does so but his truck is destroyed too. Cindy and Mike decide to marry, and see Cindy\'s mother, who is surprisingly young and attractive. She became ill 20 years ago and was frozen until a cure was found. John is smitten with her. Within a few days Saggs has been elected World President. He visits the trio in the hospital and offers John a new truck and a suitcase full of money if the group will keep quiet about his cyborg plan. John agrees, but Mike is angry and throws the suitcase out of the window just as Saggs is getting in his limo. Saggs has planted a bomb in the case and pushes the detonator button just as it lands on the limo\'s roof, killing him. With Saggs dead and Earth safe, Mike, Cindy, John and Cindy\'s mother blast off in the brand new truck that Saggs gave them.'] ['The film begins with a sexologist in his office, talking about the history of sex. Izabela , a Hungarian switchboard operator, meets and falls in love with a Sandžak Muslim sanitation inspector named Ahmed , who soon moves into her apartment and has a bathtub installed. The film then cuts away to a police investigation of the death of a young woman by drowning. Ahmed goes away on business for a month. During his absence, Izabela finally gives in to a persistently amorous postman. When Ahmed returns, he finds Izabela different, less loving.  He gets very drunk, and when Isabella chases after him to keep him from harm, he threatens to commit suicide by jumping into an underground vat of water. However, Ahmed ends up accidentally pushing Izabela in instead, killing her. He goes into hiding, but is arrested by the police for murder. The film concludes with a scene of Ahmed and Izabela walking down a staircase.'] ['Corporate executive Donald Beeman, fed up with the rat race, impulsively quits his job and takes to the road as a traveling tap dancing magician under the tutelage of Mr. Delasandro. His former boss Mr. Turnbull, determined to convince him to return to his nine-to-five existence, chases after him as he performs his routine in seedy nightclubs and honky tonks, but instead the two create Tap Dancing Magicians, a course for pressured businessmen. When their little venture becomes one of the most successful corporations in the world, Donald ironically finds himself feeling the same way he did when he originally quit his job.'] ['A conservative couple masquerade as liberal do-gooders in late 60\'s France. With orders piling up at their bistro, The Full Belly, Loretta and Henri, self-described "pillars of the community," hire Diamantine as a waitress in order to give a poor black orphan a chance at a better life. At home, they tell their trusting, new live-in employee that she\'s "one of the family," yet in town they encourage widespread disapproval of her. When they convince her to carry an extended joke to full term - pretending she\'s pregnant - Diamantine, and a slightly shady friend of the couple, Jan, become entangled in an elaborate charade.'] ['Antonio Cano, 45 years old, is an important businessman who was severely injured in a car accident. Because of this, he is temporarily paralyzed and suffers memory loss. His family, friends and business associates all try to recreate scenes from his life in order to revive his memory which, little by little, does begin to return. Each day Antonio is placed in his beautiful garden where he relives many memories, both real and imagined.'] ["The film revolves around three characters who work in television news. Jane Craig  is a talented producer who tries to conceal how important it is for her to be found sexually attractive by a handsome man who epitomizes everything about television news that appalls her. Jane's best friend and frequent collaborator, Aaron Altman , is a gifted writer and reporter ambitious for on-camera exposure, who is secretly in love with Jane, and embittered by her rejection of him. Tom Grunick , a local news anchorman who was up until recently a sports anchorman, is likable and telegenic, but denied respect due to his intellectual limitations, of which he is all too aware. He is attracted to Jane, although he is also intimidated by her skills and intensity."] ['In a cat-filled mausoleum in Central City, Denny Colt , also known as The Spirit, receives a call from Detective Sussman  about a major case that could involve the Spirit\'s arch-nemesis, The Octopus . The Spirit dons his costume and travels across rooftops while delivering a voice-over soliloquy about the city being his one true love. A woman  is being mugged in an alley below. He manages to save her, receiving a knife wound that he barely seems to notice. The woman asks, "What are you?" The Spirit runs away, catching a ride from Officer Liebowitz ([[Frank Miller  and heading toward the flats. At the swampland, femme fatale Sand Saref  rises from the water and appears to shoot Sussman multiple times. The Spirit and Liebowitz find the wounded Sussman, but a flashback reveals that it was really the Octopus who shot him in an effort to recover two identical chests underwater. Sand and her husband Mahmoud  tried to flee with both chests, but the Octopus wounded Mahmoud and snapped a line connecting the two chests. Sand escaped, leaving one chest behind, which the Octopus retrieved from the murky depths. After the Octopus kills Liebowitz by ripping his head off, he sends away his cloned henchmen, Ethos, Pathos, and Logos , to take on the Spirit alone. His accomplice Silken Floss  drives up, running over Pathos in the process. She departs with the cargo, taking the view that the Spirit and the Octopus will "be at it all night" as the two enemies share a connection in their ability to resist physical injury. The Spirit is awakened by his lover Dr. Ellen Dolan , daughter of Police Commissioner Dolan . Appearing to be in perfect health despite his gunshot wounds , the Spirit is shocked to notice a gold locket in Sussman\'s hand; a piece torn from Sand Saref’s neck earlier. Saref\'s locket contains pictures of a much-younger Denny Colt  and Sand ; the two grew up together in Central City where Denny bought Sand the locket as a gift to satisfy her love of "shiny things", including the Golden Fleece of Jason and the Argonauts. They lived happily until Sand\'s father was shot dead. Sand, who now hated cops, fled to Europe and has not been heard from for fifteen years. In a secret lair, the Octopus and Silken Floss open the chest, but discover that it does not contain the mysterious Blood of Heracles as expected and decide a trade is in order. Sand and Mahmoud visit the office of a high-class fence named Donenfeld , whom Sand paid to locate the underwater treasure. It is implied that Donenfeld gave up the treasure\'s location to the Octopus to ensure his family\'s safety. At Alice\'s Hospital, the Spirit has fully regenerated and is as good as new; Commissioner Dolan angrily enters with young rookie cop Morgenstern  and calls the Spirit away to a case. Sand\'s history as one of the world\'s great jewel thieves is relayed to the Spirit. As the Spirit is about to arrest her, he is caught off-guard by her standing before him fully nude. Sand doesn\'t recognize the Spirit as the presumed-dead Denny. She is stunned when he reveals his knowledge of her looking for the Golden Fleece as she shoves the Spirit through a window only to see him survive the fall. Octopus and Floss\'s experimentation have led to the creation of a serum  that could grant immortality with which the Octopus injected himself and arch-enemies were born. After surviving the fall, the Spirit receives a tip on the location of the Octopus\'s lair. Unable to break in unnoticed, he is captured and tied to a dentist\'s chair. The Octopus reveals his own origin as well as how he and the Spirit became arch-enemies. Eventually the Spirit manages to escape, but not without sustaining a critical blow. The Spirit stumbles to the city docks and collapses into the water where he confronts the ethereal Angel of Death, Lorelei Rox , who has haunted his sleep. He becomes the only man to have ever wrongfully escaped death when he manages to gather his senses by remembering Ellen, Sand, and the city all needing him. As the Spirit swims to the surface, Lorelei vows vengeance. At the projects, Sand and her latest henchman fly in with the Blood of Heracles to meet Floss and a clone carrying the Golden Fleece. After a four-way Mexican standoff, Sand attempts to convince Floss to get out of serving the Octopus before she is killed by the Octopus himself. He asks Floss for the vase. Unable to take a side, Floss drives off as the Spirit suddenly materializes. The Octopus unloads with progressively bigger guns on the Spirit, apparently killing him off, but Dolan\'s SWAT team storms the area and opens fire right after. Morgenstern blows the Octopus\' arm up with a handcannon, to recover from the damage, the Octopus gets to the Blood of Heracles and prepares to drink it, but Sand shoots the vase just in time as the Spirit comes back from the dead, having used a bulletproof vest, and attach a grenade to the Octopus\' chest, blowing him up into pieces, with Sand protecting the two of them with the Golden Fleece. Showdown over, the Spirit gives Sand her locket back. They kiss as Ellen looks on, feeling betrayed. The old flames bid each other goodbye and the Spirit convinces Dolan to let Sand go in gratitude for saving the world. Elsewhere, Floss discovers the Octopus’s severed finger crawling toward her. She picks it up and departs saying, "we\'ll start from scratch". At dawn, the Spirit stands triumphant on a rooftop with his cat.'] ['Woodrow Lafayette Pershing Truesmith  is a small town boy whose father, "Hinky Dinky" Truesmith, was a Marine who died a hero in World War I. Woodrow has been discharged from the Marine Corps after only a month owing to his chronic hay fever. Rather than disappoint his mother , he pretends to be fighting overseas in World War II while secretly working in a San Diego shipyard. In a chance encounter in a bar he buys a round of drinks for six Marines back from the Battle of Guadalcanal headed by Master Gunnery Sergeant Heppelfinger . It transpires Heppelfinger had served with Woodrow\'s father in the 6th Marines in World War I. One of the Marines decides to telephone Woodrow\'s mother, telling her that he has received a medical discharge, so she will not have to worry about him. Woodrow is vehemently opposed to the fraud, but the Marines are all for it. Heppelfinger embellishes the charade by having Woodrow swap coats with one of the Marines that have the 1st Marine Division Battle Blaze and Pacific Theatre of Operations medals on it. When they step off the train, the seemingly harmless deception has escalated beyond control; the entire town turns out to greet its homegrown hero. With an election coming up, the citizens decide to make an unwilling Woodrow their candidate against the pompous current mayor, Mr. Noble . Complicating matters even further, Woodrow had written his girlfriend Libby , telling her not to wait for him. She had since gotten engaged to Forrest Noble ([[Bill Edwards , the mayor\'s son. Finally, Woodrow can stand it no longer. He confesses everything at a campaign rally and goes home to pack. Libby breaks her engagement and tells Woodrow she is going with him. Meanwhile, Heppelfinger praises Woodrow\'s courage in telling the truth to the stunned townsfolk, and after considering the matter, they decide that Woodrow has just the qualities they need in a mayor.'] ['Harrison Bergeron lives in a typical suburban town in the near future. The audience is told that after the second American Revolution&mdash;a war begun due to an ongoing economic depression that was a result of a combination of technological advancement and a widening disparity between the very rich and the very poor&mdash;it was mandated that all people be equal in all things. To this end, the social norm of this society has become egalitarianism. Citizens strive to be of equal wealth, intelligence, athletic prowess and social status to all around them. Through a process of selective breeding, mankind is perfecting the perfectly average human being. What is not accomplished through arranged marriages is made up for through technological means, the most prominent of which are only showing mind numbing shows on TV, and a headband device worn by all citizens which modulates intelligence, dialing up or down a person\'s IQ in order to arrive at a \'perfect\' 100. There are limits to the success of the devices, however, and Harrison Bergeron is one such case. He is a total failure in school, consistently receiving A\'s . Even though he has been held back four years and his headband is consistently modified to dampen his intelligence, he still continues to excel to the embarrassment of him and his family. Harrison goes to see a doctor about his intelligence problem, and after several tests it is determined that the headband is unsuccessful because Harrison\'s synaptic connections reroute themselves after each adjustment in order to overcome the inhibitions the headband is designed to place on the thought process. He is told that he will have to have an operation akin to a lobotomy in order to permanently lower his intelligence. In his last day with a fully functioning brain, he goes to a "head house", where, in a parody of a bordello, men make plans to make high-end educational conversation with exceptionally smart women. Illegal device-free women are paid to play chess and conduct intelligent conversations with the clients. Unfortunately, his first intelligent conversation ever  is interrupted by a police bust. While the raid on the police station is underway Phillipa addressees a hidden camera saying, not to take him away, and that she likes him. While being held captive in the police station, he is approached by a special agent who offers him an alternative to the lobotomy - to join what turns out to be the secret elite that runs the government. Harrison falls in love with Phillipa there, but he illegally impregnates her and she is lobotomized for trying to escape. He feels he can no longer continue to betray his values and decides to take action. He breaks into a TV studio and reveals the truth about the secret society to the viewers. Eventually, the guards break through, and later on he is forced to make an appearance on TV and pretend the broadcast was not real. Instead, he uses his chance to commit suicide by shooting himself in front of the viewers. The story is framed by an additional perspective from Bergeron\'s parents, who are watching the incident on TV, but who, because of his father\'s handicapping due to his superior intelligence and his mother\'s less than average intelligence, cannot concentrate enough to appreciate what occurs nor remember it. In a final scene, a young boy and his friend get together in his bedroom to watch the first four hours of Bergeron\'s broadcast, without their bands. Downstairs, one boy\'s mother looks up the stairs with a look of recognition on her face; she is seen to be Phillipa.'] ['The plot revolves around the return of Brian Woods , a "problem teen." He has just been released from a mental hospital; he was admitted after the suspicious death of his father, who crashed and died while driving a car with cut brakes. He falls in love with classmate Paula Carson , but the local basketball star Dwight Ingalls  is already Paula\'s boyfriend. Meanwhile, the lecherous school principal also seeks Paula\'s affections. Then horrible murders start happening with no one certain of the identity of the culprit. The main suspects are Dwight, whose control of his anger has never been perfect; Woods, who may not have been fully cured at the sanitarium; and the principal, who seems to stop at nothing in his attempts to bed Paula. The film opens with a paperboy delivering newspapers. A paper is delivered to Paula Carson\'s house. Paula is approached by her father, Bill, who is an attorney, who has planned a hunting trip. He warns Paula to do her homework, not to allow boys in the house, and most importantly not to cut class. Paula then puts the newspaper in the bin, showing its headline: "Boy who killed father released from Mental Asylum." Bill Carson drives to the swamps for his hunting trip. As he takes shots into the air, someone is hiding nearby and holding a set of bows and arrows. The person calls over to Bill Carson and fires an arrow into him. Bill cries out and then falls down to the ground. Meanwhile, Dwight Ingalls enters class late after avoiding two accidents on his ride to school. Dwight is questioned by his teacher, Mr. Conklin, and a girl sitting next to Dwight whispers the answers to him. Dwight tells her to shut up when she teases Dwight for not knowing what H2O is. Later, Colleen and Paula are taking out gym equipment. Paula walks past a set of bows and arrows and notices a leaf hanging off the arrow. Paula picks the leaf off and then eats it. Meanwhile, Brian is told to climb a rope by the P.E. coach, but Dwight caused him to fall. At a hot dog stand, Colleen, Paula, and Gary are waiting for Dwight. Brian approaches, and Colleen insults him before suggesting that Brian has a crush on Paula. Dwight then pulls up in his car and starts talking to Paula. He asks her to go to her house, as her father is away, which would give them the opportunity to be alone. Dwight then goes to buy Paula a hotdog, but he is beaten by Brian who hands her one and says, "You had that look." When Dwight returns, he tells Paula to get in the car and makes it clear to Brian that they are not friends anymore and to leave him and Paula alone. They all then drive off in Dwight\'s car. Brian and Paula nevertheless become friends, and she starts to trust him. Dwight warns her to stay away from him. A teacher is murdered in the copyroom, and the students notice that the killer made copies of the killing on the copy machine. The teacher\'s face is shown smashed into the copy machine glass along with a ring on the killer\'s finger. The ring belongs to Dwight. Soon they think that Dwight  is the killer instead of Brian. Brian tries to kill Paula, Dwight, and a math teacher in the school, and the janitor happens to be around at the time. Every classroom they run into, Brian starts talking to Paula and the math teacher through the PA in the principal\'s office. Paula still thinks that Dwight is the killer, and she is still running from him. Soon Brian goes into the classroom after hacking the math teacher to death. Dwight enters and gets Brian off of Paula, and they run out to the shop class and hide after Brian exclaims, "YOU\'RE A YANKEE DOODLE DANDY TOO; YOU TWO MUST KILL OR DIE!" Brian knows they are in there, so he follows them while locking them in and turning on all the equipment. Brian corners Dwight and puts his head in a vice and points a drill towards his face. Paula ends up striking Brian in the head with a claw hammer, making him fall onto a moving circular saw, which goes right through his torso as Paula frees Dwight. They leave the school and are in Dwight\'s car when, all of a sudden, they see Paula\'s dad - he has been on a trip but in actuality he was the lawyer that put Brian in the sanitarium. Brian had kidnapped Paula\'s dad, and he had escaped and made it home. Paula points out that it is her dad. He is on the road, but Dwight cannot stop because Brian cut the brakes earlier. They swerve and miss hitting Paula\'s dad. All he says is, "Shouldn\'t you be in school? You\'re not cutting class, I hope!" The movie ends with the camera\'s freezing on Paula\'s face.'] ['Father Jedediah Mayii  casts out the Devil from the body of young Nancy Aglet . Seventeen years later, in 1990, Nancy\'s body is possessed once again, however, while watching "The Ernest and Fanny Miracle Hour", a religious broadcast. After a visit to the hospital, and a visit from Father Luke Brophy , Brophy concludes that Nancy is indeed possessed. Mayii, however, refuses to perform the exorcism, claiming he is too weak, and that both he and Nancy barely survived her previous exorcism. Brophy then visits the Supreme Council for Exorcism Granting. Ernest and Fanny of "The Ernest and Fanny Miracle Hour" are also present. Ernest concludes that an exorcism is warranted, and convinces the Council to televise Nancy\'s exorcism. They agree, believing it will convert millions, so Ernest presents "Ernest and Fanny\'s Exorcism Tonight" to the network. Feeling he may be needed, Mayii visits "Bods-R-Us", a gymnasium, to restore his physical strength. There, Brophy approaches him, informs him of the televised exorcism, and attempts once more to convince Mayii to conduct the exorcism, though he refuses again. The night of Nancy\'s exorcism arrives, presented by Ernest and Fanny. After a montage of attempts to free Nancy\'s body using phone donations, song, and insults , "Ernest and Fanny\'s Exorcism Tonight" is announced as having the largest audience in history. Upon hearing this, the Devil, in Nancy\'s body, sets the studio on fire, causing the audience to flee. He reveals to Ernest and Fanny that he used them to get the largest audience, and turns them into a pantomime horse. Using the camera, the Devil tries to claim the souls of the viewing audience, but is stopped by Brophy, who destroys the camera. The Devil announces he knows another way to claim their souls, and runs away, heading for a satellite transmitter. He is pursued by religious figures from around the world, who have gathered at Brophy\'s command. Brophy teases the Devil about his defeat to Mayii. Back in the studio, the Devil successfully uses the camera to lure Mayii to him for a rematch. The exorcism, with commentary by "Mean Gene" Okerlund and Jesse Ventura, is ineffective until the Devil mentions that he hates Rock \'n Roll. Turning the TV studio into a live concert, the song "Devil with a Blue Dress On" is played to the Devil by the various religious figures, including The Pope on guitars. The Devil is tormented so that he is finally driven from Nancy\'s body, declaring "I\'ll be back!".'] ["Two relationships in North London simultaneously draw to a close. Jed, a journalist has fallen in love with his best friend's former girlfriend - but he lacks the courage to approach her and tell her of his true feelings. He turns for advice to Thierry Grimaldi a French film director who tries to school him in the French philosophy of love."] [" An old man standing outside a skee ball arcade in New Jersey is beaten into a coma by three hockey stick-wielding teenagers, the Stygian Triplets. Two fallen angels, Bartleby and Loki, were banished from Heaven after an inebriated Loki, with Bartleby's encouragement, resigned as the Angel of Death. Exiled to Wisconsin, the pair see their salvation when a church in Red Bank, New Jersey celebrates its centennial anniversary with a plenary indulgence. They can have their sins forgiven by passing through the doors of that church, and—upon death—regain access to Heaven. They fail to realize that this will overrule the word of God and destroy existence.  Metatron, the Voice of God, appears to Bethany Sloane and tasks her with preventing Bartleby and Loki's return. Bethany resists the mission, as she lost her faith in God due to her infertility and resultant divorce. Bethany is attacked by the Stygian Triplets, but is saved by Jay and Silent Bob, two prophets whom Metatron said would appear. She is also aided by Rufus, the thirteenth apostle, and Serendipity, a Muse with writer's block. The demon Azrael, a former Muse, warns Bartleby and Loki that the forces of Heaven and Hell are attempting to kill them, as Satan will not let them succeed where he has failed and make him look bad. Bethany's party unwittingly meet the angels on a train, where a drunk Bethany reveals her mission to Bartleby, who threatens to kill Bethany before a melee ensues, in which Bartleby and Loki are thrown off the train by Silent Bob. Bartleby rants that existence would be better off destroyed as God shows man infinite patience, while angels are punished after one transgression. Loki is alarmed by the ramifications of their plan and becomes reluctant to continue, comparing Bartleby's attitude to that of Lucifer. Bartleby orders him onwards. Bethany learns she was chosen for the mission because she is the last relative of Jesus Christ. The group ponders who orchestrated the angels' plan, and Metatron explains that God goes to Earth in human form every now and again to play skee ball, and has gone missing; someone knew enough to incapacitate God but leaving Him alive in a mortal form, and thus be unable to return to Heaven. The group deduces that Lucifer has as much to lose if Bartleby and Loki succeed as anyone else. Arriving at the church, they fail to persuade Cardinal Glick to cancel the celebration. As revenge Jay steals his golf club. When Bartleby and Loki reach the church, Bartleby kills everyone attending the celebration. At a nearby bar, Azrael captures the heroes and explains that he is the mastermind behind the angels' plan; he wants to destroy existence rather than spend eternity in Hell, but he needed to manipulate Bartleby and Loki, as demons cannot become human. Silent Bob kills Azrael with Cardinal Glick's blessed golf club. Serendipity tells Bethany to bless the sink, making the water in the sink holy; Jay, Rufus and Serendipity kill the Stygian Triplets by dunking their heads into the water. The heroes reach the church before Bartleby and Loki enter. Loki's wings have been torn off by Bartleby; he is now human and decides to help them. Bartleby kills Loki and fights off Rufus, Serendipity and Bob. During an attempt to seduce Bethany, Jay mentions John Doe Jersey, a comatose patient in a hospital across the street who was attacked outside a skee ball arcade and is being kept on life support. Hoping this is God, Bethany and Bob race to the hospital. Jay shoots off Bartleby's wings with a submachine gun, turning him human. Bethany removes the life support, allowing God to escape while inadvertently killing Bethany. In the form of a woman, God manifests at the church before a remorseful Bartleby, and kills him with the power of Her voice. Silent Bob shows up with Bethany's blood-stained corpse. God resurrects Bethany and conceives a child inside her. The heavenly beings return to Heaven, leaving Bethany, Jay and Bob to reflect on events."] ['Set at the fictional Camden College in New Hampshire, the film opens at the "End of the World" party, where students Lauren Hynde , Paul Denton , and Sean Bateman  give apathetic interior monologues on their lives and briefly exchange glances with one another. Lauren, previously a virgin, takes a film student upstairs to have sex, only to wake up being raped by a townie while the film student records it; upon waking, she reflects on how she had planned to lose her virginity to Victor , her now ex-boyfriend. Meanwhile, Paul tries to have sex with a jock, only to be bashed when it turns out he is deeply closeted; additionally, a bruised Sean tears up a purple letter, before approaching and having sex with a blonde girl at the party. The plot then moves backwards several months and explores the love triangle between Lauren, Paul and Sean. Misinterpreting Sean\'s friendliness, Paul mistakes him for a homosexual and makes several advances that Sean is apparently oblivious to. Concurrently, Lauren also finds herself attracted to Sean despite saving her virginity for her traveling boyfriend, Victor. Sean reciprocates her feelings, and assumes the anonymous, purple love letters he has started receiving are from her. While Paul is visiting his friend, Dick, Sean is seduced by Lauren\'s roommate Lara, who tells him that Lauren isn\'t interested in him because she has a boyfriend; despite having sex with Lara, however, Sean regrets it and realizes that he is in love with Lauren. It is then revealed that another, unnamed girl is the author of Sean\'s love letters; after seeing him leave the party with Lara, she sends him a suicide note before cutting her wrists in the dorm bathtub. Lauren, finding Sean with Lara, runs to the girls bathroom in anger, only to find the unnamed girl\'s corpse, leaving Lauren extremely distressed. Sean, still believing Lauren wrote the purple letters, misinterprets the suicide note and assumes Lauren never wants to be with him. After numerous failed attempts at suicide, Sean then fakes his death and, unaware that Lauren recently found a corpse, unintentionally upsets her further when she finds him pretending to be dead. After stealing drugs from dealer Guest , Sean tries to speak to Lauren again, only for her to brush him off angrily. Finally happy now that Victor has returned to Camden College, Lauren is completely distraught to find Victor has no idea who she is. Paul, upon finding a drunk Sean, tries to talk to him, only for Sean to reject him, causing Paul to run off upset. Sean then finds that the love notes have stopped, and is beaten by Guest. The protagonists then attend the "End of the World" party and the plot returns to the introduction. After seeing Lauren heading upstairs with the filmmaker, Sean finally accepts he cannot be with her, and tears up one of the purple letters he believes to be from her. It\'s then revealed that, rather than having sex with the blonde girl as he does in the intro, Sean was merely fantasizing, and he instead leaves his drink and exits. Paul and Lauren then meet on the house porch and reflect on the events of the movie and on Sean, who is seen leaving on a motorcycle. Sean then begins narrating his thoughts, only for them to end prematurely.'] ["It takes place in Paris and features Eddie Vuibert , an unemployed man in financial difficulty. A rich Jewish cloth manufacturer takes Eddie into his corporation out of pity because he mistakenly believes him to be Jewish as well. Eddie rapidly integrates in the parisian Jewish community and rises as a sales manager. He continues his masquerade of pretending to be Ashkenazi Jew in order to woo his boss's daughter . It was followed by a sequel, La Vérité si je mens ! 2, and a third movie La Vérité si je mens ! 3."] ["In Mexico, Detectives Laurel and Hardy are on the trail of the evil Larceny Nell, but they get distracted by a group of gangsters. One of the gangsters notices Stan's remarkable resemblance to Don Sebastian, the great bullfighter."] ['McHattie plays Reverend Randall, a Staten Island-based televangelist who has been bilking his flock and secretly watches pornography while he is rehearsing his sermons in his stately home. Cervenka plays Rhonda Stample, a born again Christian. After Rhonda\'s non-believer husband, Jerome , loses his factory job, he and two cousins enlist Rhonda in a plot to entrap Rev. Randall in a sex scandal and blackmail him. The film\'s theme music is by New Order, who also contributed a further four original pieces to the soundtrack including "Touched by the Hand of God". Tagline: SEX. POWER. MONEY. All in the name of God * This film is only available on VHS.'] ["Palin plays Francis Ashby, a senior Oxford professor on holiday in the Swiss Alps in 1861. There he meets the American Caroline Hartley  and her 18-year old ward Elinor . Ashby is drawn to them both, particularly Elinor, but is rather surprised when they arrive in Oxford and rent a house. Women are not allowed in the College, nor are Fellows allowed to marry, which puts him in an embarrassing situation. Ashby's rival for the post of College President, Oliver Syme , takes full advantage of this to try to discredit Ashby."] ['Arjun , a programme producer with a private TV channel, loses his job as he fails to exclusive stories. He gets involved in the kidnapping of Shradha , daughter of Somashekar , the Lokayukta, and uses her to make sensational news. His with does not run long as the MD , who is caught by the Lokayukta in illegal denotification case, comes to know of the kidnapping. He also plans a plot and kidnaps the girl. The rest is full of twists and turns that end on a happy note http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/regional/kannada/movie-reviews/Breaking-News/movie-review/13268443.cms. The film was well appreciated by the censor board members who said that the director has been able to craft a healthy romantic love story in the backdrop of the contemporary political and the television media channels where fight for TRP’s has blinded a level of objectivity in reportagehttp://chitraloka.com/2012/04/27/breaking-news-censored/.'] ['In the South, Sampson and the local Preacherman plan to bust out their friend Randy from prison. As they rush to the prison, the two are stopped by a roadblock and wind up in a shootout with the police. Meanwhile, Randy and another cellmate named Pappy manage to escape from inside the prison and wait for Sampson and the Preacherman to help them get out. While waiting for them, Randy unwillingly listens to Pappy tell a story about three guys that resemble and Randy and his friends. Pappy\'s story is told in animation set against live-action background photos and footage. Brother Rabbit, Brother Bear, and Preacher Fox are forced to pack up and leave their Southern settings after the bank mortgages their home and sells it to a man who turns it into a brothel. The trio moves to Harlem, "home to every black man". When they arrive, Rabbit, Bear, and Fox find that it isn\'t all that it\'s made out to be. They encounter a con man named Simple Savior, a phony revolutionary leader who purports to be the "cousin" of "Black Jesus", and that he gives his followers "the strength to kill whites". In a flashy stage performance in his "church", Savior acts out being brutalized by symbols of black oppression—represented by images of John Wayne, Elvis Presley and Richard Nixon, before asking his parishioners for "donations". When Rabbit attempts to turn the crowd, Savior tries to have him killed. After Rabbit tricks his would-be murderers , he and Bear kill Savior. This allows Rabbit to take over Savior\'s racket, putting him in line to become the head of all organized crime in Harlem. But first, he has to get rid of a few other opponents. Savior\'s former partners tell Rabbit that if he can\'t kill his opponents, then they\'ll kill him instead. Rabbit first goes up against Madigan, a virulently racist and homophobic white police officer and bagman for the Mafia, who demonstrates his contempt for African Americans in various ways, including a refusal to bathe before an anticipated encounter with them . When Madigan finds out that Rabbit has been taking his payoffs, he and his cohorts, Ruby and Bobby, are led to a nightclub called "The Cottontail". A black stripper distracts him while an LSD sugar cube is dropped into his drink. Madigan, while under the influence of his spiked drink, is then maneuvered into a sexual liaison with a stereotypically effeminate gay man, and then shoved into women\'s clothing representative of the mammy archetype, adorned in blackface, and finally shoved out the back of the club where he discovers that Ruby and Bobby are dead. Then, while recovering from his delirium of being drugged, shoots his gun around randomly, and is shot to death by the police after shooting one of them.<ref nameJames |first |coauthorsThat\'s Blaxploitation!: Roots of the Baadasssss \'Tude  |year |location0-312-13192-5 |chapter117–123 }} Rabbit\'s final target is the Godfather who lives in the subway with his wife and gay sons. The contract for killing Rabbit is given to his only straight son Sonny. Showing up outside Rabbit\'s nightclub in blackface and clothing representative of minstrel show stereotypes, Sonny winds up shot multiple times by Rabbit before dying in an explosion caused by a car crash. His body is cremated and taken back home, where his mother weeps over his ashes. Bear becomes torn between staying with Rabbit, or starting a new, crime-free life. Bear decides to look for Fox in order to seek his advice. Upon arriving at Fox\'s newly acquired brothel, Bear is "married" to a girl he, Fox, and Rabbit met during the fight with Savior\'s men. Under the advisement of Fox, Bear becomes a boxer for the Mafia. During one of Bear\'s fights, Rabbit sets up a melting imitation of himself made out of tar. As the Mafiosos take turns stabbing at the "tar rabbit", they become stuck together. Rabbit, Bear, Fox and the opponent boxer rush out of the boxing arena as it blows up. The live-action story ends with Randy and Pappy escaping from the prison while being shot at by various white cops, but managing to make it out alive.'] ['A man discovers a sticky white substance bubbling out of the ground. It is found to be sweet and addictive. Later, the substance is marketed as the Stuff and is sold to the general public in pint containers like ice cream. It is marketed as having no calories and as being sweet, creamy, and filling. The Stuff becomes a nationwide craze and drastically hurts the sales of ice cream. A former FBI agent turned industrial saboteur, David "Mo" Rutherford , is hired by the leaders of the suffering ice cream industry, as well as junk food mogul Charles W. "Chocolate Chip Charlie" Hobbs , to find out exactly what the Stuff is and destroy it. His efforts reveal that the craze for the dessert is far deadlier and much more evil than anyone had believed – the Stuff is actually a living, parasitic, and possibly sentient organism, and it gradually takes over the brain, mutating those who eat it into bizarre zombie-like creatures before consuming them from the inside and leaving them empty shells of their former selves. A young boy named Jason  also discovers the Stuff is alive and sees how it affects his family. He gets arrested for vandalizing a supermarket in trying to smash displays of the Stuff, attracting the attention of Rutherford, who comes to his aid. Rutherford also manages to charm Nicole, an advertising executive , who becomes his partner and lover when she sees the effect of the Stuff. The trio infiltrates the distribution operation, which is actually an organized corporate effort to spread the Stuff on the basis of eliminating world hunger, and destroy the lake of Stuff with explosives. Paul Sorvino co-stars as Colonel Malcolm Grommett Spears, a retired right-wing soldier who leads a militia in battling the zombies and transmitting a civil defense message for Americans to break their addiction to the Stuff by destroying it with fire. The Stuff addiction is ended and Rutherford, Nicole, Jason, and Col. Spears are hailed as national heroes. Mo then visits the Stuff company\'s head, a man named Mr. Fletcher ([[Patrick O\'Neal . He tells Mo that the destruction of the mine has not hurt his business, since the Stuff seeps out from many places in the ground, but Mo vows to find those places and gets rid of them all. Another man, Mr. Vickers , brings in Mr. Evans , the ice cream mogul with whom he is now working – and who had originally hired Mo to find out about what the Stuff was. They tell him they have come up with a new product that they call the Taste, which is a mix of 88% ice cream and 12% the Stuff, supposedly enough to make people crave more without it taking over their minds or killing them. However, Mo then brings in Jason, who is carrying a box, and then holds the two moguls at gunpoint. The box is full of pint containers of the Stuff, and Mo forces both to eat them all as punishment for all the lives lost to it, and for their greed. As they do, Rutherford asks pointedly, "are you eatin\' it...or is it eatin\' you?" When they finish, Mo and Jason leave them to the approaching police. The movie ends with smugglers selling the Stuff on the black market.'] ["The film begins in a high-class London restaurant named 'Bastards', staffed by the protagonist, waiter Alex . Alex is subject to the daily contempt and disgust of the upper-class customers, and is eventually fired for being obnoxious and rude to the clientele. After witnessing an act of terrorism on an embassy, he robs a benefits office and goes on the run with his new friend. Meanwhile, Nosher Powell plays the Home Secretary, a menacing, beer-swilling, fornicating, lovable lout who has his own no-nonsense way of dealing with trouble, usually with his fists. He's the darling of the voters, the press and the gorgeous Fiona , a glamorous KGB agent. He was also the one who ended the terrorist situation that Alex witnessed earlier in the movie. However, Nosher has enemies, including the sinister Commander Fortune , who plots a people's revolution with a difference, and General Karprov  and Spider , who plot to derail the Home Secretary's campaign of becoming Prime Minister. After assembling a four-person team of would-be anarchists, Alex returns to 'Bastards' and lays waste to the clientele and staff. He begins serving them up to other rich people in their new restaurant, 'Eat the Rich'. When Commander Fortune and Spider find out about these changes to the menu, they formulate a plot to get rid of the conservative Home Secretary for good."] ['Joseph Stalin  spent his last night in the arms of the Australian Joan . The story describes how their "love-child" brought Australia to the brink of civil war.'] ["The plot of the film features the KVWN Channel Four News team, led by Ron Burgundy and Veronica Corningstone, investigating an extremist organization known as The Alarm Clock who are robbing banks while trying to convey a message they haven't figured out yet."] ['Fritz Knobel  supports himself by faking and selling Nazi memorabilia. So he sells a portrait of Eva Braun and one volume of Hitler\'s alleged diaries to factory owner Karl Lenz. Lenz presents this on a "birthday party to the Führer" to his guests, among them sleazy journalist Hermann Willié. Willié is working for the magazine "HH press" . In the events Knobel writes down according to what happens around him; after he meets his later lover Martha, she becomes his inspiration for Eva Braun. As he then comes under increasing stress, having to deliver the remaining volumes that he had already sold, he turns more and more into a mock image of Hitler himself. Since the circulation of Stern had been in decline for years at the time since its glory days under editor Henri Nannen , the depiction of its "HH press" movie counterpart and the people who are running it is also quite telling.'] ['The film starts out in live action. We are introduced to Michael Corleone, a 22-year-old virgin playing pinball in New York City. The scene transcends into animation. New York has a diseased, rotten, tough and violent atmosphere. Michael\'s Italian father, Angelo "Angie" Corleone, is a struggling mafioso who frequently cheats on Michael\'s Jewish mother, Ida. The couple constantly bicker and try to kill each other. Michael ambles through a catalog of freaks, greasers, and dopers. Unemployed, he dabbles with cartoons, artistically feeding off the grubbiness of his environment. He regularly hangs out at a local bar where he gets free drinks from the female black bartender, Carole, in exchange for sketches of the somewhat annoying Shorty, Carole\'s violent, legless bouncer devotee. One of the regular customers at the bar named Snowflake, a nymphomaniac transvestite, gets beat up by a tough drunk who has only just realized that Snowflake is a man in drag and not a beautiful woman. Shorty throws the drunk out and the bar\'s white manager abusively confronts Carole over this. Fed up with her manager, Carole quits. Shorty offers to let Carole stay at his place, but not wanting to get involved with him, Carole tells Shorty that she\'s staying with Michael, and that they\'ve been "secretly tight for a long time." Michael is turned on by her no-nonsense attitude and strong sense of self-reliance. This relationship also arouses his father\'s racist fury, as well as the jealousy of Shorty. Michael and Carole decide to move out of Michael\'s parents\' house and try to earn enough money to move to California, in order to avoid Shorty. Michael gets a chance to pitch a comic strip idea to an old executive lying on his death bed, who seems enthusiastic enough to listen to the idea. Michael\'s story is too much for the mogul and he dies during the pitch. Meanwhile, Carole tries to work as a taxi dancer. Michael acting as her manager, tries to pass her off as "the fourth Andrews Sister" . A quick flash of her panties gives an old man a heart attack, and Carole gets fired. Meanwhile, Angie tries to use his Mafia connections to put a murder contract out on his son for "disgracing the family" by dating a black woman. The Godfather refuses to do this, because the hit is "personal, not business". However, Shorty eventually meets up with Angie, and agrees to do the contract. Michael and Carole turn to crime as a means of getting by, with Carole taking the role of a prostitute. Carole flirts with a sleazy businessman, and brings him to a hotel room, where Michael beats him to death with a lead pipe. The two walk out into the pinball background with the dead man\'s cash. Just then, Shorty shows up and shoots Michael in the head. The bullet is seen going through his skull in slow motion. We see a kaleidoscope of shocking images and horrifying events before throwing back to the live action story. The "real" Michael destroys a pinball machine after it tilts, and walks out onto the street, bumps into the "real" Carole, and follows her into the park. The two are seen briefly arguing before they finally take each others hands and begin dancing in the park.'] ["Gerald Clamson  is a bank examiner who loves fishing on his annual two week holiday. Unfortunately one day at the ocean he reels in an injured gangster in a scuba diving suit named Syd Valentine . Syd tells Gerald about diamonds he has stolen from the other gangsters and hands him a map. Gerald escapes as frogmen from a yacht machine gun the beach. They swim ashore and locate Syd where they machine gun him. Their leader Thor  ensures Syd's demise by firing a torpedo from his yacht that goes ashore blowing a crater into the beach. As the police ignore Gerald's story, Gerald heads to the Hilton Inn in San Diego where Syd claimed the diamonds were hidden. There he meets Suzie Cartwright , an airline stewardess. While searching for the diamonds, he needs to avoid the hotel staff after inadvertently hurting the manager . Gerald disguises himself as a character noticeably similar to Professor Julius Kelp from The Nutty Professor, while trying to stay one step ahead of the other gangsters who are on his tail, as well as the hotel detectives led by the manager - all the while courting Suzie. As each of the gangsters see Gerald, an identical lookalike to the deceased Syd, they have nervous breakdowns; one imagining himself a dog, one turning into a Larry Fine lookalike, the other  becoming a hopeless stutterer. The one man Gerald meets the who believes him, who identifies himself as a FBI Special Agent, turns out to be an escapee from an insane asylum. The movie climaxes in a chase through Sea World San Diego, where Gerald is pursued by Thor's gangsters, a rival group of gangsters who had made a deal with Syd to buy his diamonds, and a group of Chinese who smuggle the diamonds disguised as plastic pearls. Gerald disguises himself as a Kabuki dancer but is pursued until Suzie rescues him by flying by with a helicopter and dropping a rope ladder that Gerald escapes on. They return to the Pacific Ocean, where Syd reappears. The gangsters chase Syd into the ocean, and Gerald and Suzie walk away, deeply in love. The diamonds are never located. The final scene shows the narrator, Frank De Vol, facing the camera and solemnly announcing that the tale is true—then the camera pulls back as De Vol turns and walks away on the breakwater where the beginning and ending action had taken place. De Vol is wearing all of a business suit except trousers, and he is carrying a briefcase."] ['  The film opens with a title card reading "Once upon a time". A middle-aged man  sharpens his razor at his balcony door and tests the razor on his thumb. He then opens the door, and idly fingers the razor while gazing at the moon, about to be engulfed by a thin cloud, from his balcony. There is a cut to a close-up of a young woman  being held by the man as she calmly stares straight ahead. Another cut occurs to the moon being overcome by the cloud as the man slits the woman\'s eye with the razor, and the vitreous humour spills out from it. The subsequent title card reads "eight years later". A slim young man  bicycles down a calm urban street wearing what appears to be a nun\'s habit and a striped box with a strap around his neck. A cut occurs to the young woman from the first scene, who has been reading in a sparingly furnished upstairs apartment. She hears the young man approaching on his bicycle and casts aside the book she was reading . She goes to the window and sees the young man lying on the curb, his bicycle on the ground. She emerges from the building and attempts to revive the young man. Later, the young woman assembles pieces of the young man\'s clothing on a bed in the upstairs room, and concentrates upon the clothing. The young man appears near the door. The young man and the young woman stare at his hand, which has a hole in the palm from which ants emerge. A slow transition occurs focusing on the armpit hair of the young woman as she lies on the beach and a sea urchin at a sandy location. There is a cut to an androgynous young woman in the street below the apartment, poking at a severed hand with a cane while surrounded by a large crowd and a policeman. The crowd clears when the policeman places the hand in the box previously carried by the young man and gives it to the young woman. The androgynous young woman contemplates something happily while standing in the middle of the now busy street clutching the box. She is then run over by a car and a few bystanders gather around her. The young man and the young woman watch these events unfold from the apartment window. The young man seems to take sadistic pleasure in the androgynous young woman\'s danger and subsequent death, and as he gestures at the shocked young woman in the room with him, he leers at her and grasps her bosom. The young woman resists him at first, but then allows him to touch her as he imagines her nude from the front and the rear. The young woman pushes him away as he drifts off and she attempts to escape by running to the other side of the room. The young man corners her as she reaches for a racquet in self-defense, but he suddenly picks up two ropes and drags two grand pianos containing dead and rotting donkeys, stone tablets containing the Ten Commandments, and two rather bewildered priests  who are attached by ropes. As he is unable to move, the young woman escapes the room. The young man chases after her, but she traps his hand, which is infested with ants, in the door. She finds the young man in the next room, dressed in his nun\'s garb in the bed.  The subsequent title card reads "around three in the morning". The young man is roused from his rest by the sound of a door-buzzer ringing . The young woman goes to answer the door and does not return. Another young man dressed in lighter clothing  arrives in the apartment, gesturing angrily at him. The second young man forces the first one to throw away his nun\'s clothing and then makes him stand against a wall. The subsequent title card reads "Sixteen years ago." We see the second young man from the front for the first time as he admires the art supplies and books on the table near the wall and forces the first young man to hold two of the books as he stares at the wall. The first young man eventually shoots the second young man when the books abruptly turn into pistols. The second young man, now in a meadow, dies while swiping at a nude figure which suddenly disappears into thin air. A group of men come and carry his corpse away. The young woman returns to the apartment and sees a death head moth. The first young man sneers at her as she retreats and wipes his mouth off his face with his hand. The young woman very nervously applies some lipstick in response. Subsequently the first young man makes the young woman\'s armpit hair attach itself to where his mouth would be on his face through gestures. The young woman looks at the first young man with disgust, and leaves the apartment sticking her tongue out at him. As she exits her apartment, the street is replaced by a coastal beach, where the young woman meets a third man with whom she walks arm in arm. He shows her the time on his watch and they walk near the rocks, where they find the remnants of the first young man\'s nun\'s clothing and the box. They seem to walk away clutching each other happily and make romantic gestures in a long tracking shot. However, the film abruptly cuts to the final shot with a title card reading "In Spring," showing the couple buried in sand up to their elbows.'] ['{{Unreferenced}} James "The Grim Reaper" Roper , the undefeated heavyweight boxing champ of the world, defeats his latest challenger with ease and visits an after-party thrown by the Rev. Fred Sultan , a conniving and manipulative businessman who also acts as Roper\'s fight promoter. The Sultan relays some bad news to everyone: The fight was a financial flop. He deduces the reason that boxing events have become far less profitable is because audience members are sick of watching only black boxers fight each other. The Sultan predicts that a white contender, even one without a viable chance of winning, would create a huge payday for all involved in the fight , and he vows to either find or "create" a white contender in no time at all. After failing to find a white boxer currently in the sport suitable by any means, he discovers that Roper actually lost to a white boxer, Terry Conklin , back in his amateur days. The Sultan and his unethical crew  find Conklin in Cleveland, where he fronts a heavy metal band, advocates peace and Buddhism, and constantly preaches progressive social issues. Conklin is uninterested in returning to boxing to face Roper, though he is eventually coaxed through ego-stroking by the Sultan and a promise of $10 million to help his quest in eradicating homelessness. Conklin arrives in Las Vegas, where he is "cleaned up," and starts to train for his return to the ring. Thanks to shady dealing, Conklin suddenly is named the No. 8 challenger in the world. Boxing pundits  and officials easily see the scam unfolding and label the fight a disgrace. No matter, though, as the prospect of a white vs. black fight appears to be as lucrative as first hoped. Conklin gets in shape quickly, regaining some of his old form, while Roper dismisses the fight as a joke - to the point where he puts on 25 pounds and is barely able to run after an ice cream truck. Meanwhile, crusading television journalist Mitchell Kane  has finally gathered enough evidence to disgrace the unethical Sultan, but at the last moment, Kane is seduced by power and joins the Sultan\'s squad. As the Sultan\'s ego grows, Kane sees an opportunity to usurp him in power. Though Conklin was never believed to stand a chance in the fight, Kane recognizes that Conklin may actually win, and has Conklin sign with him, rather than the Sultan. Throughout all this, the true top contender to the heavyweight title, Marvin Shabazz, is repeatedly denied his rightful chance to a fight, and he proceeds to cause a headache for everyone involved in the hype scam. The Sultan and his crew  heavily promote the fight and publicize the white vs. black angle, even fabricating an Irish ancestor for Conklin. The racism angle works, and money starts to pour in. On the fight day, millions tune into Pay-Per-View for the fight, and Kane is confident about a new era beginning with a Conklin upset. The fight begins, and Conklin gets in only one good punch before the out-of-shape Roper easily dispatches his foe - which was the plan all along. Conklin quits boxing again; Kane\'s plan falls short; the Sultan cleans up financially; Roper\'s critics are silenced; and Shabazz, refusing to wait any longer, attacks the champ inside the ring. As the two fistfight, the Sultan screams to not give away something they can sell. Shabazz then knocks out Roper during their ongoing melee inside the ring, Sultan then steps over Roper\'s unconscious body, and promotes the next fight—Shabazz vs Roper.'] ["In 1903, American seaman Henry Adams  is stranded penniless in England and gets caught up in an unusual wager between two wealthy, eccentric brothers, Oliver  and Roderick Montpelier . They persuade the Bank of England to issue a one million pound banknote, which they present to Adams in an envelope . The reason for this is that Oliver believes that the mere existence of the note will enable the possessor to obtain whatever he needs, while Roderick contends that it would actually have to be spent for it to be of any use. Once Adams gets over the shock of discovering how much the note is worth, he tries to return it to the brothers, but is told that they have left for a month. He then finds a letter in the envelope, explaining the wager and promising him a job if he can avoid spending the note for the month. At first, everything goes as Oliver had predicted. Adams is mistaken for an eccentric millionaire and has no trouble getting food, clothes and a hotel suite on credit, just by showing his note. The story of the note is reported in the newspapers. Adams is welcomed into exclusive social circles, meeting the American ambassador and English aristocracy. He becomes very friendly with Portia Lansdowne , the niece of the Duchess of Cromarty. Then, fellow American Lloyd Hastings  asks him to back a business venture. Hastings tells Adams that he does not have to put up any money himself; the mere association will allow Hastings to raise the money he needs to start up a gold mine by selling shares. Trouble arises when the Duke of Frognal , who had been unceremoniously evicted from the suite Adams now occupies, hides the note as a joke. When Adams is unable to produce the note, panic breaks out amongst the shareholders and Adams' creditors. Fortunately, all is straightened out in the end, and Adams is able to return the note to the Montpelier brothers at the end of the month."] 