["Meteorites falling from the sky during a meteor shower act as transportation for dragons traveling within. The dragons wreak havoc on the surrounding medieval countryside and two rival monarchs, King Fastrad  and King Wednesbury  must join forces to face the threat. A messenger arrives to warn King Fastrad who does not believe him, until the dragons make their appearance and destroy his fiefdom. Fastrad and his top aids then head to the fiefdom of King Wednesbury, ostensibly to seek aid, but planning to overthrow him. Along the way they meet Silas , a hunter who agrees, for a price, to escort and protect the party from the countryside's other dangers. They reach Wednesbury and Fastrad falsely accuses Silas of being a poacher in order to wiggle out of the debt. Silas is joined by the Mystic Scholar Ling , the vengeance-seeking Remmegar , and King Wednesbury's warrior daughter Medina . One of the meteors was damaged when it fell, killing its dragon passenger. Ling studies the dead beast and the party decides to set off to hunt the remaining dragons using a giant balista. While they are gone, Fastrad continues plotting against Wednesbury, and blackmails Wednesbury's aide to kill Silas."] ["An archeology professor  unearths a dangerous artifact, unwittingly releasing a creature that is able to kill with the power of its bone-splitting scream. It can kill by controlling the person and taking the person's soulhttp://www.imdb.com/title/tt1548628/"] ['The modern-day descendant of Little Red Riding Hood, Virginia, brings her fiance, Nathan, home to meet her family. Virginia\'s brother Marcus and Jake are quick to welcome Virginia back, affectionately calling her "Red". Jake explains its a family nickname passed down to the first daughter every generation. After Nathan finds a man staggering up the driveway half dead. The dying man says the name "Gabriel" before Nathan runs for Virginia. When they return, the man is already ashes. The sheriff arrives and contains the situation, much to Nathan\'s dismay. Virginia takes Nathan inside and explains that they hunt werewolves. Nathan, not believing her, goes for a walk at sunset. He is attacked and bitten by a werewolf who reveals his name to be Gabriel. The next day, while preparing for a hunt, Nathan asks if they had ever turns a werewolf back. Virginia tells him that the only way to break the curse is to kill the wolf who turned the person, before they kill a human on their first full moon. Shortly after, they go hunting in town where Nathan succeeds in killing a werewolf. After the wolves are dead, they find a girl locked in their trunk. She tells them that the wolves are planning on a "Game" that no human comes out of. Later that night, while setting up camp, Nathan transforms into a wolf for the first time. Desperate to protect him, Virginia insists on locking him up for the night. Nathan awakes the next morning in a cell. With the curse over, for the night he is released for the day, to help hunt Gabriel. Back in town, Marcus and Jake are taken captive for the new "Game". When the night comes to an end, its revealed that the brothers were killed during the night. The next day the family prepare for a final battle, and Gabriel seizes the moment to kidnap Virginia. Nathan finds the brothers shortly before finding Virginia. The couple return home and finish preparations for the full moon. As the sun goes down, the battle begins. Nathan is locked in his cage with the Grandmother watching him. Red kills several of the werewolves who enter the house, before confronting Gabriel. Meanwhile, the grandmother tries to shoot Nathan as he turns into a werewolf. Upon escaping from the cell, Nathan, in werewolf form, kills the grandmother. Upstairs, Virginia is pursued by Gabriel. Smearing her blood stained hand in silver paint, she smears it on Gabriel, who falls over the rail, two stories. Virginia jumps after him, plunging a silver headed harpoon into his heart. As he dies, Virginia hears the howl of a werewolf. Fearing the worst, she flees to the basement to see Nathan, but finds her Grandmother dead. Grabbing a red cloak, Virginia runs to the woods to find Nathan. Werewolf Nathan attacks Virginia, knocking her out. In the morning, Virginia discovers she\'s been bitten. Several feet from where she fell was a trail of blood leading to an old ruined building. Inside, Nathan is human again. He pledges his love to Virginia, saying he wants a life with her. As he hugs her, Virginia stabs him with a silver knife, swearing she\'ll always love him. The movie ends with her reading the story of Little Red Riding Hood to a little girl as a wolf howls in the distance.'] ['James Murphey is a rugged cryptozoologist, who thirty years earlier, during a trip to Loch Ness, Scotland, had a fatal encounter with the fabled "Nessie" creature that killed his father, and left James with deep facial scar. Twenty years later, James is hunting for Nessie, when his search leads him to the sleepy town of Pike Island, Ashburn, on Lake Superior. Hiring Josh Riley as his guide, James and Josh bond over their mutual scientific interests and deceased fathers, while James tries to convince Josh\'s mother, Sheriff Karen Riley, that a 60-foot Plesiosaurus is killing and breeding. Meanwhile, Josh leaves to find his girlfriend, Zoe, who along with three others is camping on a small deserted island on the lake. When one of them disappears , the others attempt to escape and one is killed and another is injured. The film climaxes when Sheriff Riley, Murphy and Deputy Neil Chapman spot Josh\'s flare, and track the creature and her offspring to a magnetite mine on the island. Sheriff Riley and Josh manage to kill some of the offspring, while her partner, Neil, dies after running out of ammunition and being attacked by others. Josh lures Nessie away from Zoe and traps her in a container filled with magnetite. Murphy stabs the creature with a cyanide-filled syringe, then helps Josh by getting him out of harm\'s way and throws his cigar lighter into the container, igniting the explosive magnetite and destroying the creature. Sheriff Riley asks if James will now start "chasing Sasquatch", to which he replies that he will probably find a nice small town to call home. Josh asks if he means Ashburn, to which he laughingly replies "yeah."'] 