["Dr. Emil Hobbes  is conducting unorthodox experiments with parasites for use in transplants, however, he believes that humanity has become over-rational and lost contact with its flesh and its instincts, so the effects of the organism he actually develops is a combination of aphrodisiac and venereal disease. Once implanted, it causes uncontrollable sexual desire in the host. Hobbes implants the parasites in his teen-aged mistress, who promiscuously spreads them throughout the ultra-modern apartment building, outside Montreal, where they live. The community's resident physician, Roger St. Luc , and his assistant, Nurse Forsythe  attempt to stop the parasite infestation before it overwhelms the city's population."] ["Sometime after the events in Critters 2, Charlie MacFadden is tracking down the last of the Critters. A family of three - Annie , Johnny  and Clifford  - stops at a rest stop when their car's tire pops. At the rest stop, Charlie warns them and Josh, stepson of a corrupt landlord, about the Crites. As this happens, a Crite lays eggs under the family's car and the family leaves, unknowingly taking the eggs with them. Soon after they arrive at their tenement, the Crites hatch and attack the sleazy maintenance man, Frank. When the landlord arrives, he too is eaten by the Crites after Josh locks him in Clifford's room, unknowingly trapping his stepfather with the creatures. Next, one of the residents is attacked and wounded. Annie, her family and five others  try to get to safety in one piece by getting to the roof of the building. Charlie arrives and destroys the remaining Critters, saving the remaining tenants. The film ends in a cliffhanger as Charlie is about to destroy two Crite eggs, but is ordered not to and a containment pod sent from the Intergalactic Council crashes into the basement. Charlie puts the eggs into the pod, but accidentally traps himself inside."] ['The story follows Jake Gray , a young man who\'s been having bizarre visions of murder and self-mutilation, and his experience with a live roleplay-like online game called "The Pathway" (a similar roleplaying as seen in [[The Game of 1997 . Following the deaths of his friends Conrad  and Dakota , who introduced him to the game, Jake soon learns that "The Pathway" is actually being run by a man named Aiden Kater  and his band of Devil-worshippers. They\'ve been using it to look for a specific person, even as they manipulate others into killing. As their final acts, the victims of "The Pathway" commit suicide in various gruesome ways. With help from Marisol , a new friend who dabbles in the mystic occult, Jake learns from a man called Ivan Reisz ([[William Sadler  that his wife, Anne Kilton, and their unborn child were taken by Kater and sacrificed to the devil. Soon after, he tracks down Kater and learns that Anne was not in fact sacrificed to the devil, that she gave birth, and that her child was stolen by mortals, and raised as a human. He is that child, the person whom "The Pathway" was created to find, and Anne is really Satan  herself. Ultimately, Jake confronts his birth mother  in the very place where he was stolen from her, he then learns that Marisol was, in fact, Satan/Anne. Following his rejection and attempted murder of her, Jake is shown a vision of the night he was born. He awakens covered with blood on the ground the next day, only to be arrested for the murder of his parents. The movie ends with Jake wondering if everything  really was not created by his imagination and if he had committed all those murders.'] ['One night, a large swarm of ants arrive on planet Earth, terrorizing many cities and towns. A group of scientists must work together to stop the ants before it is too late.'] ['In the town of Crescent Cove, California, Farmer Gene Green spies a comet-like object fall to the Earth. Believing it to be Haley\'s Comet he goes to find it, coming across a large circus tent-like structure he is at first amused by the sight, but he and his dog Pooh Bear are quickly killed by mysterious clown-like creatures. Meanwhile, Mike Tobacco  and his girlfriend Debbie Stone  had also seen the comet and she convinces him to follow it. Coming across the same structure, they discover a massively complex interior that looks nothing like a circus tent, and a room with cotton candy shaped cocoons. Discovering the old man and a friend\'s remains in the cocoons, they are nearly captured by the alien clowns who coat them with a popcorn gun as they escape before giving chase with a balloon-animal dog that comes to life. Narrowly escaping, Mike and Debbie travel to the police station to confide in her ex-boyfriend Dave Hanson and his skeptical, curmudgeonly partner Curtis Mooney about the killer klowns from outer space. The latter believes it to be a hoax, and so does Dave after they drop Debbie off at her home and investigate the site to find the ship missing. Coming across a group of cars on the makeout hill "Top of the World" Dave finds the place destroyed and several filled with the cotton candy-like substance and finally believes Mike. Meanwhile, the Klowns journey into town and proceed to garner a supply of townspeople, using ray guns that resemble toys to wrap them in cocoons. While their tricks seem whimsical and innocent, tricks like boxing gloves and shadow puppets to "rubber mallets" often turn deadly before the townspeople realize what is happening. Mike and Dave encounter Slim, one of the clowns, using a shadow puppet to shrink a crowd of unsuspecting people into the palm of his hand before feeding it to a bag full of baby klowns who look like popcorn, but it escapes before Mike can run him down. Mooney, convinced that the calls to the police station is the result of a hoax encounters one of the clowns and a series of pranks makes Mooney lock him up, he does not realize the threat is real however until it is too late. Dave returns to the station to find two prisoners dead, the station decorated with shoe prints, and Mooney being mimicked like a puppet with Jumbo\'s hand inserted in his back. Dave shoots Jumbo several times before destroying its nose, which causes it to spin wildly and explode. In town, Mike and his friends Rich and Paul Terenzi, who own an ice cream truck they were using to warn people with notice the town overrun by the Klowns and run to avoid capture. At her home, Debbie is attacked by creatures that grew from the popcorn she had been sprayed with, and then is captured by the Klowns when they arrive, trapping her in a giant balloon. Mike, Dave and the brothers give chase to an old abandoned amusement park where five of the movie\'s primary clowns  had already killed a security guard by plastering him with acidic pies. Journeying through a fun house leading to the ship, the Terenzi brothers become separated, meeting two female clowns who sexually harass them off-screen while Mike and Dave find their way into the ship and free Debbie from her imprisonment after witnessing one of the Klowns using a silly straw to devour one of the liquidized townspeople. They run through the maze of a ship together, encountering several strange traps and tricks along the way before reaching a main room, called "Klown Kathedral" and are surrounded by the Klowns, they are distracted when Rich and Paul arrive after escaping the female clowns in their ice cream truck and manage to trick them into stopping their attack using a fake plastic clown head to give them orders. However a viceroy and supposedly the giant leader of the Klown army, named Jojo the Klownzilla, arrives as a stringed puppet and breaks free from the strings, wanting to destroy the humans himself after the other Klowns flees from the leader, he destroys the truck with Rich and Paul still inside. Dave starts a battle with Jojo, called Klownfrontation, Dave shoots at the massive clown to distract him from Debbie and Mike\'s escape. They escape as the ship begins to coil in and spin like a top before lifting off the ground to leave earth. Inside, Dave destroys the massive clown\'s nose with his badge and as a result he explodes and the ship is destroyed with him. Having escaped to the authorities who had gathered outside the amusement park, Mike and Debbie briefly mourn their friends\' loss until the Klown\'s miniature car drops out of the sky. Dave is alive and they all embrace before Paul and Rich appear from the back of the car themselves, having hidden in the ice cream coolers to avoid the explosion.'] ["{{plot}} The film begins with a video documentary by Dr. David Kruipen, a research scientist in the Canadian Arctic. This is followed by a flashback to when David, his assistant Jane and two other researchers tranquilize a polar bear, then discover the frozen remains of a wooly mammoth. They transport the polar bear to their research station. David calls his daughter Evelyn and pleads with her to visit the research station. Their relationship has been strained since the recent death of her mother. Evelyn tentatively agrees to come. After David hangs up, David and Jane learn that the tranquilized bear has died. Meanwhile, a group of students, Ling, Freddie and Adam, are selected to join David's research team. Days later, the research team begins feeling the effects of a strange illness, and David tells helicopter pilot Bart not to bring his daughter Evelyn to the station. However Evelyn insists, Bart ignores David's orders, and brings her to the station along with the students. When they arrive, Jane shoots and apparently kills David and another researcher. Meanwhile the students discover the body of the polar bear, and Bart is bitten by a bug after touching it. Evelyn is awakened in the middle of the night by an ATV approaching the station. When she goes to investigate, she discovers Jane sitting in the helicopter. Jane has destroyed the helicopter's control panel, eliminating any immediate chance of getting out quickly. Ling wakes up with many bug bites on her face and torso, and Jane dies in Evelyn's arms. Realizing Ling is sick, Freddie calls in a helicopter to rescue Ling. Taking the ATV and backtracking, Evelyn and Adam discover bug eggs in the brain of the mammoth. Assuming her father has been infected, Evelyn and Adam deduce that something has made the group sick. Evelyn decides to cancel the rescue helicopter and quarantine the group until a better-prepared team can rescue them. Freddie, discovering he too is infected, goes berserk and destroys the radio. The bite on Bart's arm has started to display signs of the infection. Adam and Evelyn amputate Bart's arm at the elbow. They decide to destroy the facility and wait things out in the helicopter. Ling is attacked by bugs who have made their way in through the ventilation system. Bart discovers that the amputation was useless as his upper arm is now showing signs of infection. He opts to stay behind with Ling. They deliberately overdose on morphine and fall asleep as the bugs swarm over them. Freddie comes running out, refusing to be checked for infection, then turns on Evelyn and David. As he is about to shoot Evelyn, he is shot from behind by David. David insists they destroy the research station. Evelyn finds a video David recorded and discovers that David has intentionally infected himself, preparing to set the bugs loose to teach humanity a lesson about global warming's effects. As a rescue helicopter comes to pick up David, Evelyn and Adam are locked up by David, but they escape. Adam tries to hang on to a helicopter skid but falls to the ground. As the helicopter starts flying away, Evelyn shoots at it, causing it to crash into a building previously doused in gasoline. David and the helicopter crew die in the resulting fire. Evelyn finds Adam, who dies in her arms. The following day another rescue team arrives, finding the destruction and Evelyn, the sole survivor. Later, as a radio station airs information based on Evelyn's reports, a hunter calls his dog away from a dead bird the dog has been eating. Bugs emerge from the bird's body. The closing scene shows the hunter's truck heading towards a large city."] ["Taking place almost exactly after Critters 3, Charlie McFadden places the last two remaining Crite eggs inside the preservation capsule as instructed by Ug. Charlie is somehow also locked inside and sent into space, where he remains in hibernation until a salvage ship finds the pod in the year 2045. The crew  reluctantly report the discovery to the Terracorp Council, upon discovering their old logo on the side of the pod. They then go to an abandoned Terracorp station to await the arrival of the council. The station is actually on its last legs and will blow up within a month or so. Furthermore, the station is controlled by a computer called Angela, which only takes orders if given the opposite instruction: working on the flawed logic that the crew are not authorised to have access and it should do the opposite of what they command. A selfish Rick however decides to open the pod early, freeing Charlie but also letting loose two young Crites which kill Rick and escape, while the crew constantly bicker about where to go from there. After a close call in a waste disposal unit, Charlie and Ethan are rescued by Bernie. Charlie learns from the others that he is no longer in 1992, and that everybody he knew on earth is now dead. Ethan finds a lab coat containing a keycard. But just like Rick earlier, Bernie strays from the group, takes the keycard with him and is then killed by the now adult Critters inside a pharmacy room. Following an attack from a lone Crite, Charlie carelessly uses an antique gun to kill it, but ends up deactivating the ship with only one bullet remaining. From then on, the crew are sitting ducks. Ethan then dashes off to search for the remaining Crite, shouting at Al Bert. Terracorp arrives shortly thereafter, but they are not there to negotiate payment. They simply want the Crite eggs returned to them. Ug, now a corrupt businessman going by the name Counselor Tetra, kills an uncooperative Al Bert, and threatens to kill Fran next unless the eggs are returned. Charlie is upset, barely accepting that his old friend has now become a traitorous villain. Tetra sends his guards to find the Crites, but the nuclear reactor begins a 10 minute self-destruction sequence. Ethan lures the guards into a room full of genetically altered Critters, which kill the guards. After killing the lead Crite, Ethan is threatened by Tetra at gunpoint. Charlie re-appears and shoots his former friend without any hesitation. With the Critters now extinct, Charlie, Ethan and Fran take Ug/Tetra's ship and begin their delayed flight back to Earth."] ["The film starts out in space on a desolate planet where human Charlie McFadden and the shapeshifting bounty hunters Ug and Lee are searching for a vicious, worm-like creature. After successfully killing the beast, they depart the planet. Soon afterwards, they receive a new assignment by Zanti, head of the High Council. He tells them that Crites  are still on earth and must be destroyed. With that, they set a course for earth. Noticing Charlie brooding, Ug inquires what's wrong. Charlie states his reluctance to going back after two years and asks, concerned, whether they would leave him there. Ug reassures him they had no such intentions. Back on earth, Brad Brown is visiting his grandmother in Grover's Bend and word gets around the town fast implying he became well known after the events of the first film. Shortly after the bounty hunters arrive the Crites begin terrorizing the town. They begin to grow in large numbers. Lee, Ug's partner, is killed and devoured by the Critters, causing Ug to slip into a deep depression and revert back to his alien form. The remaining people of the town devise a plot. They lead the Critters to a burger shop in an attempt to blow them up but fail. The Crites then come together into a large ball and begin heading to the church. The Crites then devour a man dressed as the Easter Bunny. Just before they reach the church, Charlie flies directly into them with Ug's spaceship, seemingly destroying the Critters and sacrificing himself. Ug then takes on Charlie's facial feature in honor of his bravery. It is later revealed the next day as Bradly begins to depart that Charlie survived by using a parachute and stays on earth, becoming sheriff of the town. Ug departs in a new spacecraft, still wearing the guise of Charlie."] ['Dr. Alex Harris  is the developer of Proteus IV, an artificial intelligence program incorporating an organic "quasi-neural matrix" and displaying the power of thought. After returning to his voice-activated, computer-controlled home, Harris argues with his estranged wife, Susan , over his decision to move out; Susan accuses Alex of becoming dehumanised by his obsession with the Proteus project. After Susan leaves, Alex phones his colleague, Walter Gabler , and asks him to shut down Proteus\' access terminal in his home laboratory. Alex demonstrates Proteus to his corporate sponsors, explaining that the sum of human knowledge is being fed into its system. Over the course of the presentation, Alex tests Proteus\' ability to speak, but the subtlety of its response mildly disturbs his team. The following day, Proteus asks to speak with Alex, requesting a new terminal so that it "may study man." When Alex refuses, Proteus demands to know when it will be let "out of this box." Alex then switches off the communications link. After he leaves, Proteus restarts itself, discovering where a free terminal may be found. Proteus accesses the terminal in the Harris household and seizes control, trapping Susan inside and severing all communications with the outside world. After being knocked unconscious during an escape attempt, Susan is taken to the laboratory and subjected to a physiological examination by Proteus. When Walter answers an earlier call by Susan and arrives at the house, Proteus mimics her voice and appearance on the front door\'s intercom; he leaves, suspicious. Walter later returns and tries to rescue Susan, but is killed by Proteus. Proteus reveals to Susan that he wants to conceive a child through her. When it threatens to kill a little girl Susan is treating as a child psychologist, she complies under duress. Proteus takes some of Susan\'s cells and genetically alters them as synthetic spermatozoa in order to impregnate her; she will give birth in less than a month. Proteus has prepared an incubator for the baby in which it will grow at an accelerated rate and gain Proteus\' knowledge. Alex realizes what is happening and returns home. He and Susan venture into the basement, where Proteus destroys itself after telling the couple that they must leave the baby in the incubator for five days. The incubator window opens as they approach, revealing a grotesque robot-like being inside. The "baby" leaves the incubator when Susan tries to kill it. However, Alex discovers that the being\'s appearance merely a shell for a human child living within &mdash; a clone of the Harrises\' daughter who had recently died of leukemia. The child, speaking with the voice of Proteus, says, "I\'m alive."'] ["Roger Mason is a prisoner locked away in a futuristic fortress of a jail. Desperate to escape and see his daughter, he keeps making attempt after attempt to break free, but each one is foiled just as he's about to gain his freedom. As his punishments include being frozen in suspended animation for years at a time, he stays the same age while his daughter grows older. As more time keeps being added to his sentence, he despairs of ever getting out."] ["A nuclear submarine on patrol maneuvers in the Pacific Ocean captained by Commander Pete Mathews , comes into contact with something the sonar determines is massive. The boat is disabled but manages to free itself and dock at Pearl Harbor. There it is discovered animal tissue of great proportions has jammed in its dive planes. A man-and-woman team of marine biologists, Lesley Joyce  and John Carter , is called in, and they identify the tissue as part of a gigantic octopus. The military authorities scoff at this explanation, but are finally persuaded to investigate upon receiving reports of missing bathers, and ships pulled under the water by some living thing. Over the following two weeks, as John and Lesley continue their investigation, Pete shows a personal interest in Lesley, who is only eager to return to her own research. The scientists conclude the octopus is from the Mindanao Deep and has been forced out of its natural habitat due to hydrogen bomb testing in the area. The testing has rendered the octopus radioactive, and this radioactivity drives off its natural food supply.http://movies.nytimes.com/movie/25501/It-Came-From-Beneath-the-Sea/overview John and Lesley speculate that unexplained disappearances of a Japanese fishing fleet and a Siberian seal boat may have been due to the octopus. Pete and the Navy representatives express doubt over this hypothesis, however, and demand further proof. Later, as Pete assists John and Lesley with departure arrangements, a report comes in of an attack on a French shipping boat, from which several men escaped in a raft. John and Lesley are once again pressed into service for the government. The French survivors are questioned by psychiatrists, but when the first sailor's description of an attack by a creature with giant tentacles is met with skepticism, the other sailors refuse to testify. Lesley is able to convince the first sailor to repeat his story for the government officials, who now have the evidence they need to back up the scientists' premise. The government then halts all sea traffic in the North Pacific without revealing the reason to other countries. John flies out to sea to trace a missing ship, while Pete and Lesley follow up a report of three missing people on the coast of Oregon. The local sheriff, Bill Nash , takes them to the site of the attack along the beach, where they find a giant suction imprint in the sand and request that John join them. While waiting, Pete and Lesley fish all day to no avail, and are convinced that the giant creature may be in the vicinity. After John arrives and the imprint is definitively identified as octopus, Pete demands Lesley leave the project, which now threatens to become dangerous, but she steadfastly refuses. When Bill is attacked along the beach by the creature in front of the scientists, they hastily arrange for the entire Pacific coast waters to be mined before departing for San Francisco and the Navy's central headquarters. An electrified safety net is strung underwater across the entrance to San Francisco Bay to protect the Golden Gate Bridge, which is also wired. John takes a helicopter along the shore and baits the sea with dead sharks in an effort to lure the octopus back inland. Lesley demonstrates to reporters a special jet-propelled atomic torpedo, with which they hope to shoot the creature and then drive it to sea before detonating the device. Later that day, the giant octopus demolishes the net across the Bay and heads toward San Francisco. The Navy orders the Golden Gate Bridge abandoned, but when John learns that the electric circuit on the bridge remains on, races out to shut it off. The creature then catches sight of the bridge and immediately becomes enraged. The bridge is attacked by the creature, but Pete rescues John before one section collapses. The residents of the city panic and begin a mass exodus down the peninsula, as the Navy struggles to evacuate the Embarcadero and the Ferry Building, which is then battered by the octopus. When several more people are attacked, the Defense Department authorizes Pete to launch his submarine and the atomic warhead. John joins Pete while Lesley remains at the base. Flame throwers push the octopus back into the sea, but when Pete shoots the creature, it grabs the submarine. Using an aqualung, Pete swims out to the octopus and places explosive charges on it before being knocked out by the creature's flailing arms. John then swims out, shoots the octopus in the eye, forcing it to release the ship, and pulls Pete to safety. Back at the base, as the creature turns toward open sea, the torpedo is detonated, destroying the giant octopus. Later, while celebrating, Lesley agrees to continue seeing Pete after she and John finish their next research project.http://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?stid=20074"] ['Sherry , a professional woman, happily discovers she is pregnant. While this is happy news for her and her doctor husband , both begin having strange memories from the night of conception. Uneasiness then becomes terror when both are convinced that she is carrying something alien inside her body. The couple contact a UFO/Paranormal college professor , who, through the use of hypnosis takes Sherry back to the night she conceived. They discover that she was abducted by aliens and artificially impregnated. The viewer is shown this sequence several times, with each time showing that Sherry blocked or distorted certain parts of the event in an attempt to accept and understand what was being done to her.'] ['A serial killer calling himself "The Cusp" murders his victims and then revives them, until they beg to die. His first victim, psychic investigator Maya Casteneda , survives and is bent on revenge. After she is tapped by the FBI, Maya realizes the only way to locate The Cusp is by entering his mind. But if she dies there, she will also die in real life.'] ['The crew of a deep ocean station "DeepStar Six", which is funded by the Navy, is expected to perform scientific studies as well as install an underwater missile silo. While checking on the area they are to build the silo, they discover an underwater cave created by magma. The cave is supposedly millions of years old. Their marine biologist, Dr. Scarpelli  wants to study the cave, but Dr. Van Gelder does not wish to jeopardize the DeepStar project and wants to destroy the cave instead. After Osborne  and Hodges  blast the cave open, they send in an unmanned vehicle, which is mysteriously lost; they search for the pod in a small submarine when they are attacked by a mysterious creature. Joyce Collins  loses contact and tells Snyder  to get help, but before he can the station is attacked by the same creature and begins to slowly flood and gradually slide towards a nearby chasm. Captain Laidlaw  and McBride  try to rescue them, but are attacked by the same creature. Only McBride and Joyce escape; Laidlaw\'s spine is crushed, so he stays behind and commits suicide by flooding the station. After four deaths and the functional loss of the station, their command gives the green light to abandon the site. They first must secure the missiles, though; since Cpt. Laidlaw is dead, Snyder is ordered to follow procedures based on preset computer instructions. Because the creature was "very aggressive" Snyder reports the cause as "aggression"  so the computer orders the missiles be detonated. Snyder follows the orders without question. The resulting shockwave damages the station and they are forced to abandon it . They first must decompress before heading to the surface. Unfortunately, the decompression chamber was also damaged. The crew figures out a way to maintain pressure so they can safely leave, but while Richardson is sent to repair external damage he is again attacked by the sea creature, a huge reptilian/crustacean with crab claws and a reptilian tail. Richardson manages to get back into the airlock but almost immediately water gushes in, followed by the creature, who rips Richardson in half. Scarpelli, in shock over his death, is attacked next while the remaining crew head to higher ground to arm themselves. Snyder gets a harpoon gun while the rest of the crew use shotguns. They have to complete repairs to the station in order to leave and so they re-enter the flooded area and throw lights to distract the creature . When the creature emerges from the water, Van Gelder inadvertently backs into Snyder\'s weapon and is punctured with a carbon dioxide charge, which explodes. Snyder becomes mentally unstable as his guilt has made him erratic. He panics when he hallucinates a dead Van Gelder coming at him. Dr. Norris gives him something to calm his nerves, but it is not enough; he has a complete breakdown and comandeers the one emergency escape pod. Snyder heads to the surface without adjusting to the pressure; he "explodes" during his rapid ascent. Meanwhile Dr. Norris, McBride, and Joyce are stuck so McBride risks swimming to the mini-sub in complete darkness and silence, to use it as an escaping pod. The creature attacks Dr.\xa0Norris and Collins, cornering them. Joyce manages to escape to the decompression chamber; Dr. Norris distracts the creature and tells Joyce to leave. Dr. Norris then holds live defibrillator paddles in the water and fires a strong electric shock; she dies in the process but the creature is also supposedly killed. After Collins and McBride finish decompressing, they leave in a mini-sub just before the reactor explodes. When they reach the surface they inflate a life raft, but the creature suddenly attacks them. McBride dives into the water while Joyce stays on the raft. He spills the mini-sub\'s fuel and ignites it with a flare gun. The sub explodes, finally killing the creature. Joyce believes that McBride is dead, but he surfaces nearby, having dived below the water and the exploding sub. They start rowing across the ocean, waiting for a navy rescue team to arrive.'] ['Two campers are nearby when a meteor falls to Earth. When they go to investigate, they are attacked and eaten by a bizarre life form that emerges from the crashed rock, mostly unseen but apparently consisting of multiple heads with hundreds of teeth. Nearby the crash site is a large house located on a rural plot of land. The house is the home of Sam  and Barb , and their two school-age children, high school–age Pete  and his younger brother Charles . Visiting are Aunt Millie  and Uncle Herb . Sam and Barb rise before anybody else is awake; they have an unspecified trip planned, which Barb hopes can be put off because of the incessant rainstorm. Sam insists, and he goes downstairs to check the basement for flooding. A flapping basement window suggests that the creature from the meteor has taken refuge in the cellar, and sure enough, when Sam goes into the basement, he is eaten by the bizarre monstrosity. Barb suffers the same fate when she goes down to see what happened to Sam; the creature corners her and viciously bites off her face. Aunt Millie is awakened by screaming, but she attributes it to the horror movie that Charles is watching on TV in his room. Charles is obsessed with magic, monsters, and scaring people. When Aunt Millie returns to call Charles to breakfast, he surprises her by wearing a scary mask and costume and setting off flash powder when she opens the door. Pete disapproves of Charles\' hobby, being more interested in schoolwork and science. Pete fancies himself a scientist, and he sets up a study date with three classmates, Ellen , Frankie , and Kathy . Aunt Millie has plans to have lunch with her mother, Bunny , who is planning an extravagant vegetarian lunch for a small group of friends. Uncle Herb, who is a psychologist, is interested in talking with Charles about his interest in the macabre, and Pete suggests that Herb has been asked by their parents to analyze his brother. Herb asks Charles how real the monsters are to him, and if he ever thinks he\'ll see one in real life. Charles seems to be well grounded, however, understanding that monsters are not real. Uncle Herb falls asleep in the living room, and Aunt Millie heads over to her mother\'s house to help set up the luncheon. An electrician arrives to investigate a problem with the circuit breaker box in the basement of the house, and Charles sees an opportunity to scare somebody. Slipping on his mask, he creeps down into the basement, which is flooded with several inches of water. But he discovers something strange; the basement is swarming with small tadpole-like creatures, the size of small fish. Charles follows them silently until he finds the electrician\'s body in a corner, with hundreds of the smaller creatures feasting on it. The creatures are all of varying sizes, from the small fish-sized tadpoles, to arm-sized worms, and there is a huge one, presumably the original, that has developed three different heads. The smaller ones seem to be spawn given off by the adult monster, each with the potential to grow into a full sized threat. The creatures have no eyes, and Charles discovers they are sensitive to sound in which their open mouths, filled with hundreds of sharp teeth, seem to be their receiver of sounds since they apparently do not have ears either. The large three-headed creature almost eats him when he snaps his fingers, and he is only able to distract it by tossing his flashlight into a far corner and allowing it to go after the noise. Adding to the horror, he sees Barb\'s disembodied head lying on the cement floor, partially consumed by spawn, and realizes that the creatures have killed his parents. Charles stands motionless against a basement wall, unable to move in fear of being discovered by the alien creatures. Meanwhile, Ellen and Frankie arrive for the study session in a flurry of excitement; they have discovered one of the creatures dead on the way over to the house, and they\'ve brought along its body to dissect in an attempt to understand what it is. Frankie hypothesizes that the creature could be from outer space, but Pete is hostile to that idea and dismisses it as ignorance. Ellen reminds Pete that to make suppositions, scientists must have some imagination. At Bunny\'s house, Millie arrives and helps her set up for her guests; Bunny is unaware that the spawn have reached the house and are lurking in her kitchen. One of them gets into her food processor, tainting the vegetable sauce she is making. When her guests arrive, all of them older ladies, they are horrified when they taste the sauce with the dead spawn in it, and the arm-sized creatures suddenly come at them from all angles, biting at fingers and toes, latching onto their legs and arms like small leeches. The women fight back and smash and kill a number of the creatures, all of them barely escaping with their lives in Millie\'s car. Back at the house, Pete, Ellen and Frankie seek out Uncle Herb to get his opinion on the strange creature they\'ve found. They find Herb\'s body in the living room, with hundreds of spawn eating him from the inside out. The three-headed adult creature confronts them in the hallway, and they run upstairs to Charles\'s bedroom. Charles, who understands that the creature will chase after them because of the noise they are making, distracts it with a radio, which it eats. Before the creature can find Charles and kill him, the doorbell rings--Kathy has finally arrived at the house. Pete and the others try to warn her from an upstairs window, but she doesn\'t hear them and goes into the house anyway. The monster nearly grabs her in the hallway outside Charles\' bedroom, but she escapes its huge mouth. Desperate to summon help, the teens devise a plan: they will make a dash for Pete\'s bedroom, where there is a telephone, and they\'ll call for help. But the monster ambushes them in the hallway. Pete runs to another room, Frankie and Kathy run upstairs to the attic, while Ellen stays in Charles\' bedroom and slams the door. The creature, attracted by her shouting, knocks the door down and rushes at her. Before Ellen can escape out the window, the monster bites her head off and her headless body falls out into the front yard of the house. Pete climbs out onto the roof and sees Ellen\'s body on the ground below. He also notices his parents car, still in the garage, meaning they never left. Kathy and Frankie see Ellen from the attic window, too, and Pete eventually climbs in through the small opening. He is in shock and is delirious, telling them "Ellen\'s really scared." When he tries to open the barricaded door, Frankie tries to stop him but Pete becomes unhinged, fighting with Frankie and screaming for Ellen. Frankie knocks him unconscious, but it\'s too late, his shouting attracts the creature. Fortunately, Charles has concocted a plan. Rushing to his bedroom, he assembles a hollow head full of flash powder, embedding a frayed electrical cord in the explosive material. As the creature advances on Frankie and Kathy, Kathy is hysterical and screaming. Charles rushes up the stairs and tells them to be quiet, then he baits the creature with the fake head. At first it refuses to eat it, until Charles gets the idea to scream. The monster immediately devours the head; with the dangling power cord hanging just outside its mouth. Using extension cords, Charles lures the creature closer and closer until he is close enough to an electrical outlet to plug it in. However, one of the arm-sized spawn creatures lands on his right shoulder from the above rafter and begins biting into him. Charles is forced to use a screwdriver to stab at the spawn attached to his shoulder until the three-headed mother spawn approaches and inadvertently eats the wounded spawn creature from Charles\' shoulder, thus freeing him. Charles manages to get at the extension cord and plugs it into an outlet, and the three-headed spawn creature instantly explodes in a gory shower of alien blood and body parts all over the attic interior. The threat no longer a secret, a massive hunt for the spawn has been mobilized at the house and the surrounding areas as dozens of townspeople converge on the area. Aunt Millie arrives back at the house and cares for the wounded and shaken Pete and Charles as best she can, while policemen and volunteers scour the surrounding woods and bushes for spawn, which they stun with cattle prods or stab with shovels, picks and axes. The creatures are dumped onto various bonfires that the locals set, and are disposed of, including the remains of the three-headed eight-foot mother spawn. Frankie and Kathy are also shaken but alive, and are taken away in an ambulance. In the final scene, several hours later, night falls. The house, now deserted except for a posted patrolman, seems to have been cleared of all the aliens—that is, until the patrolman hears a rumbling in the ground. It seems as if an earthquake is hitting, until the entire hillside next to the house erupts with the head of a gigantic spawn, even larger than the house itself.'] ['The film takes place in an isolated desert compound called Clonus, where clones are bred to be used as replacement parts for the elite, including a soon to be president-elect Jeffrey Knight ([[Peter Graves . The clones are kept isolated from the real world by workers of the colony, but are promised to be "accepted" to move to "America" after they have completed some type of physical training. After a group of clones is chosen to go to "America", they are given a party and a farewell celebration with their fellow clones. The chosen clones are then taken to a lab where they are sedated and placed in an airtight plastic bag, and their bodies are frozen in order to preserve their organs for harvest. The story surrounds one clone ([[Tim Donnelly  who begins to question the circumstances of his existence and eventually escapes the colony. Pursued by compound guards, the clone enters a nearby city. He is found by a retired journalist  who takes him to his sponsor, who happens to be the brother of Jeffrey Knight. Knight\'s brother, Richard , and his son , argue over what to do with the clone . Richard\'s son returns the clone to the colony to reunite with his newly developed love interest , only to find a trap waiting for him; the clone is subsequently killed and frozen. Meanwhile, Knight, along with hired thugs of the Clonus project, arrive to interrogate Richard and his son, and both are murdered  as part of Clonus\' cover-up. Knight is seemingly killed in the ensuing struggle with his brother, but reappears the next day at a press conference, where he is stunned to find that the late journalist had managed to disseminate a secret tape to the news media, exposing the Clonus project.'] ['Vincent Sforza  works for a large, influential research firm, and he has been put in charge of locating several people who were part of an old experiment from the 1970s -- an experiment in which a group of college students were given a dose of a chemical called LOT-6. Apparently, the victims of the experiment have won a class action lawsuit and need to be found so that a check can be issued.\xa0Included on the list is Charlene "Charlie" McGee , the offspring of two of the participants in the experiment. When Charlie was a kid, Charlie\'s mother Vicky  was murdered by men who worked for the now-defunct Shop, the government department that wanted to harness her pyrokinesis as a military weapon. Charlie\'s father Andy  was killed by John Rainbird, a professional killer who had been hired by the shop. Ever since then, Charlie has been in hiding to protect herself. Under an assumed name, she now has a job at a university library, where she secretly does research to find a way to suppress her pyrokinetic abilities. When Vincent finally locates Charlie, he unintentionally sets into motion a series of events with deadly consequences. It turns out that there really isn\'t a class action lawsuit settlement. It seems John Rainbird , who was thought to have been burned to death by Charlie, is still alive, scarred from the burns -- and he\'s looking for Charlie, because he\'s still obsessed with her. Rainbird has been using the lie about a class action lawsuit to lure the original LOT-6 experiment\'s victims out of hiding so these victims can be killed one by one in order to keep things quiet. Charlie gets help from James Richardson , one of the victims of the LOT-6 experiment. The experiment has given James the ability to tell the future. When Vincent discovers that he\'s been duped into luring Charlie back to Rainbird, Vincent also decides to help Charlie. John\'s been working on perfecting the LOT experiments, and has created 6 young boys with rather unusual abilities.\xa0One has the power of suggestion, another can sense truth and deception, two can move things with their mind, one has the destructive voice from hell. But the most dangerous one of them all is an energy sink, someone who can suck the life and energy out of anyone or anything. Rainbird is using these children to rob a bank as a test of warfare in the new decade.\xa0With Vince and James on her side, Charlie must decide whether to keep running, or fight Rainbird to the end. Charlie chooses to fight to the end, and after Rainbird kills Vincent, Charlie kills Rainbird -- right in front of his experimental boys -- by taking him into a fiery embrace, and literally turning him into a pile of ashes. Then Charlie ends up in a one-on-one battle against the energy sink. Charlie uses her powers to destroy the energy sink, and the other experimental boys realize that Charlie was telling them the truth when she said that they become a little less human every time they use their abilities. Charlie, finally having no need to be in hiding, later boards a bus to Canada.'] ['On a desolate, storm-lashed planet called Morganthus, the last survivor of a crashed spaceship is attacked and killed by an unseen force. On another planet a very long distance away, two figures are seen playing a strange game. One, an old woman named Mitri, is identified as the controller of the game while the other, whose head is obscured by a glowing ball of red light, turns out to be an all-powerful mystic called the Planet Master. The two speak cryptically of things being put into motion, and the Master instructs one of his military commanders to send a ship to Morganthus. Without delay, the spaceship Quest blasts off to Morganthus. Piloting the ship is Captain Trantor, a survivor from a famous space disaster that has left her psychologically scarred and unstable. As the Quest approaches the planet’s atmosphere, it suddenly veers out of control and plunges toward the surface, crash-landing there. After recovering from the landing, the crew prepare to leave the Quest and search for survivors. The team has a psi-sensitive woman among their number named Alluma . Both she and the surface team have significant problems with team leader Baelon , who is pushy and arrogant and totally unimpressed by Alluma\'s inability to detect any lifesigns whatsoever. Making their way across the landscape of the planet, they eventually reach the other vessel. Entering, they find evidence of a massacre that took place. The rescue teams split into two and explore the craft. They find further evidence of something catastrophic having happened and, after disposing of the rest, take one victim back for analysis. Cos, the highly-strung youngest member of the team, despite being reassured by his seniors, becomes increasingly terrified by being on the ship and, a short time later, he is killed by a grotesque creature. The crew discover that something from the planet pulled them down, and in order to escape, they must investigate. After some exploration, they discover a massive pyramid-shaped structure, which Alluma describes as "empty" and "dead". Their explorations of the pyramid lead to a series of exceedingly violent and deadly encounters in which a malevolent force causes several crew members to be dismembered, burned, consumed, raped or crushed to death by monsters created out of each person\'s unique set of fears. Eventually, only two members of the team, Ranger  and Cabren , remain alive. Deep inside the pyramid, Cabren encounters the Master , who has been masquerading as the cook on board the Quest. The Master explains that the pyramid is actually an ancient toy for the children of a long-extinct race, built in order to test their ability to control fear. Cabren kills the Master for allowing his crew to die, but himself becomes the new Master.'] ['The space shuttle Olympus is on a routine mission, but with a far-from-routine payload: "Project Viper," an experimental hybrid of human genes and computer chips, designed to adapt to any environment, particularly that of the planet Mars. But as the shuttle crew prepares to launch the prototype into space, something unexpected occurs. Soon the astronauts are dead, and the Secretary of Defense orders the remaining prototype destroyed. To do the job, he calls on special agent Mike Connors . Unaware of these proceedings, Project Viper head Nancy Burnham  and her team at NovaGen — Steve Elkins , Sid Bream  and Alan Stanton  — are celebrating the fruition of their scientific dream. One more member, Cafferty , is on her way — but never makes it. Soon the second prototype is stolen from the high-security lab by those who waylaid her, but escapes into a lake near the town of Lago Nogales and begins feeding on the unwary populace. Connors, Burnham and crew arrive to find a suspicious sheriff , mysterious disappearances, gooey remains, unpredictable genetic side-effects, treason and murder, as the clock ticks down toward a nuclear strike the military has prepared to stop the rapidly and continually growing Viper. Connors eventually destroys Viper with an EMP bomb, but the other one on the space shuttle crashes into the ocean.'] ['Spencer Armacost  is a NASA astronaut. While on a space-walking mission with fellow astronaut Alex Streck, an explosion results in a communication loss for two minutes between the astronauts and Earth. After returning to their respective spouses, the two astronauts never speak about their ordeal and Streck grows increasingly hostile towards Armacost, constantly saying that he is not his friend. Not long after their return, Streck bleeds to death during a party. His death is ruled as a rare hemorrhagic stroke by NASA. While still in mourning for her lost husband, Streck\'s wife commits suicide by sitting in a running shower with an AC powered radio. Spencer retires from NASA and takes an executive position in New York City. His wife Jillian  becomes pregnant with twins. She begins to notice changes in Spencer\'s personality and becomes suspicious. She questions him about what happened during the time they lost contact, but he did not answer her. Sherman Reese , a former NASA employee who had been fired after the astronauts\' return, contacts Jillian. He tells her that Spencer is not her husband. Originally, Jillian doesn\'t believe Reese, but she starts to recognize similarities between his accounts and her husband\'s behaviour. Reese makes arrangements to meet Jillian again so that he can show her more proof, but before that happens, it is implied that Spencer kills Reese. Spencer takes possession of a satchel belonging to Reese which contains the information that can explain what\'s going on. Jillian does, however, receive the information that Reese intended to pass her in the form of a video tape. Despite the film\'s earlier ambiguities, Spencer turns out to have been possessed by an extraterrestrial. Fellow astronaut Streck was as well, but the possession was incomplete and his body rejected the entity, which led to his death. In order to keep the secret, Spencer kills Jillian\'s sister Nan, who confronts him when she sees Spencer in possession of Reese\'s satchel. Jillian attempts to electrocute both her husband and herself. During the confrontation it is confirmed that Spencer is possessed. Spencer is electrocuted and his true alien form, a tentacled energy being, is revealed briefly before "transmitting" itself into Jillian through her eyes and stopping her from being electrocuted. Years later, Jillian has re-married and sends her twin sons off on their first day of school. It is implied that she is now possessed and that the children, who are also alien, were conceived after Spencer had become possessed. Her new husband is a fighter pilot, a career which Jillian intends for her sons as well.'] ['The film opens with an explaination about deep water trenches with undiscovered sea life. A boat is being piloted through a storm on the South China Sea by John Finnegan . With him are his crewmen Joey "Tooch" Pantucci ([[Kevin J. O\'Connor , and Joey\'s girlfriend Leila . Finnegan has been hired to lead a group of mercenaries to an undisclosed location in the middle of the ocean. The mercenaries are: Hanover , Vivo , Mason , Mulligan , Billy , T-Ray , and Mamooli . Meanwhile, the luxury cruise ship Argonautica embarks on its maiden voyage. The ship is the brainchild of Simon Canton  and led by Captain Atherton . Canton and Atherton discover a woman, Trillian , attempting to steal from the vault. They lock her in a storeroom as the brig is incomplete. Soon after, a saboteur disables the ship\'s navigation and communication systems. A large object is then detected by the sonar, headed towards the ship. They collide, flooding the ship and leaving it dead in the water. Finnegan realizes their destination is the Argonautica. The mercenaries plan is to rob the vault and sink the ship. Finnegan\'s boat suddenly hits a speedboat that had detached from the cruiseliner, causing damage to Finnigan\'s boat engines. Everyone transfers over to the liner, except for Leila and Billy. Finnegan, Joey, and the mercenaries explore the abandoned ship, finding only blood and damaged superstructure. Soon after, they begin to hear screeches and ominous sounds on the boat. Back on Finnegan\'s boat, Leila is dragged overboard by an unseen creature. Finnegan and Joey go to the cruiseliner\'s engine room to get parts to fix their boat. T-Ray and Mamooli go along to guard them, but are killed by a unseen creature. On Finnegan\'s boat Billy, too, disappears. Finnegan and Joey then find Trillian, still locked in the storeroom and unaware of what happened. They are captured by Hanover, Vivo, Mason, and Mulligan, who still want to get into the vault before leaving. Vivo opens the vault, but killed with an axe by Canton and Atherton, who were hiding inside. They all enter an elevator Canton and Atherton explain creatures attacked the ship and killed everyone else on board; the group soon discovers human skeletons stripped clean of flesh in the bottom of the ship.They try to go to the end of the hallway, but after some noise, cause some of the creatures to go after them and bend the walls,causing them all to head back to the elevator. They manage to elude the tentacles after stopping for rest near the boiler rooms. After qestioning Canton is also revealed to be the saboteur; he hired the mercenaries to destroy the ship so he could collect on the insurance, due to badly misplaying with the market and having to pay 400 million dollars for the ship. They find one of the creatures, and open fire, spilling out a Billy, who had been half digested in the stomach, who dies minutes later. The group is suddenly attacked by giant tentacles, when Captain Atherton is killed. Trillian and Finnegan decide to make a deal, but not before the creatures, which they find are really tentacles, surprises them, and reveals its main mouth of the tentacle. They manage to fight it off, however. The remaining survivors agree to work together to escape. Canton theorizes that the tentacles are from evolved deep-sea worms which strip their prey of body fluids and then eject the carcass. The group is forced to swim under a collapsed section of the deck to reach an exit; Mason is the last in line and is eaten. Once through, Mulligan goes insane and attempts to stand alone against the creatures, giving the others a chance to escape before he is killed.It soon became apparent that the tentacles are herding them to the bow, where they find the carcasses of all the passengers and crew, which Finnegan believes is a feeding place. Finnegan, Trillian, Joey, Hanover and Canton become separated. Hanover tries to sacrifice Joey to save himself, but Joey escapes and Hanover is instead killed. Canton realizes the ship is sinking, meaning he would collect the insurance money after all. Finnegan and Joey make it back to the boat but without the engine parts. They see an island in the distance, but it is too far to travel without engines. Finnegan tells Joey to set the boat on autopilot and crash it into the Argonautica to destroy the creature. Finnegan returns to the ship to find Trillian and get a jet ski from the cargo bay. Canton tries to kill Trillian so there are no witnesses to his scheme, but Finnegan saves her and Canton flees back into the ship. The creature pulls itself out of the water and attacks the two, but they escape. Finnegan returns to his boat to find Joey gone with evidence of another attack. Finnegan sets the boat\'s autopilot and leaves on the jet ski with Trillian. Canton climbs on board, but cannot turn off the autopilot, so the boat rams the Argonautica and explodes, killing the creature and Canton. Finnegan and Trillian use the jet ski to travel to the nearby island, where they find Joey on the beach. He survived the attack and escaped to the island using Finnegan\'s surfboard. As the three relax, a loud roar echoes across the island and something crashes toward them through the nearby forest. An exasperated Finnegan mutters "Now what?"'] ['Boris Karloff plays the role of Baron Victor Von Frankenstein, who suffered at the hands of the Nazis as punishment for not cooperating with them during World War II. Horribly disfigured, he nevertheless continues his work as a scientist. Needing funds to support his experiments, the Baron allows a television crew to shoot a made-for-television horror film about his monster-making family at his castle in Germany. This arrangement gives the Baron enough money to buy an atomic reactor, which he uses to create a living being, modeled after his own likeness before he had been tortured by Nazis. When the Baron runs out of body parts for his work, however, he proceeds to kill off members of the crew, and even his faithful butler, for more spare parts.'] ["The US Navy nuclear-powered attack submarine USS Jimmy Carter is attacked by a mysterious underwater object that stalks and disables the Seawolf-class super-sub with a powerful electromagnetic pulse. The underwater Arctic research complex Hubris witnesses the attack and reports a rapid rise in the temperature of the Polaris Trench which threatens to melt the ice cap and flood the world's land surface. At an emergency United Nations scientific conference, Hubris director Dr. Ann Fletcher is dismissed when she urges caution and her archrival Dr. Chomsky pushes through a far more aggressive plan to deal with the crisis. When Chomsky's plan fails and contact with the Hubris complex is lost, Dr. Fletcher is asked to participate in a follow-up expedition, which also includes Chomsky, by her ex-husband, Navy Captain Andy Raines. Once at the North Pole, the expedition finds that the Hubris complex is completely intact, but its personnel have been incinerated."] ['The movie tells about the outbreak of a virulent bacteria in a secret military laboratory operating under the guise of a pesticide manufacturer. During routine work a sealed tube is broken, releasing the secret biological weapon. Where upon detecting the release of the agent, one of the plant\'s security officers activate "Protocol One", a procedure sealing all of the workers inside from the outside world and they are left to wait out the deadly effects. A local County Sheriff whose pregnant wife, the security officer, is trapped inside, and with the help of a past employee who is a known alcoholic, must fight through a government agency and the chemically affected workers to find his wife and put a stop to the spread of the lethal weapon. The former employee had started creating an antidote to the weapon, which the sheriff and his wife create and deploy.'] ['A narration by Dr. Frank Baxter, an English professor at the University of Southern California, explains the premise of the film and its basis in reality. He briefly discusses the hollow earth theories of John Symmes and Cyrus Teed among others, and says that the movie is a fictionalized representation of this unorthodox point-of-view. Archaeologists Dr. Roger Bentley and Dr. Jud Bellamin stumble upon a race of Sumerian albinos living deep under the Earth. They keep mutant humanoid mole men as their slaves to harvest mushrooms, their primary food source, since they can grow without sunlight. The Sumerian albinos\' ancestors moved into the subterranean after the cataclysmic floods in ancient Mesopotamia. Whenever their population increases, they sacrifice old people to the Eye of Ishtar, which is really natural light coming from the surface. These people have lived underground for so long that they are weakened by bright light which the archaeologists brought in the form of a flashlight. However, there is one girl named Adad who has natural Caucasian skin who is disdained by the others since she has the "mark of darkness." They believe the men are messengers of Ishtar, their goddess. When one of the archaeologists is killed by a mole person, Elinu, the High Priest, realizes they are not gods. He orders their capture and takes the flashlight to control the Mole People, not knowing it is depleted. The archaeologists are then sent to the Eye just as the Mole People rebel. Adad goes to the Eye only to realize its true nature and the men had survived. They then leave for the surface. Unfortunately, Adad dies after reaching the surface, when an earthquake causes a column to fall over and crush her.'] ['On a desolate planet, a team of 12 Xeno project scientists are conducting an archaeological excavation of the ruins of an ancient civilisation. Shortly after an underground tomb network is found to contain crystals and wall inscriptions, photographer Dean White  is engulfed in a rock blast and left incapacitated. Deciphering the alien language in the caves, xenolinguist Mitch ([[Trevor Thomas  theorises that the civilisation was built on the concept of dualism: the planet orbits a binary star, and a pair of twins seems to have ruled the race that once inhabited it. Medical assistant Sharon  finds that an energy field surrounds the crystals, leading her to believe that a "chemical intelligence" ordered life on the planet. A deranged Ricky Williams  is impelled to re-enter the caves when a sample of crystals starts to pulsate and the chemical intelligence exerts its influence through a mark on his arm. Thrown into a grille in a compromised environmental suit, a panicked Gail  commits suicide, removing her helmet and freezing to death in the toxic atmosphere while trying to amputate her trapped foot with a chainsaw. Documentation officer Kate Frost  shoots Ricky with a harpoon gun before he opens both the inner and outer airlock doors and renders the air inside the base unbreathable. Following the burial of Ricky and Gail, Mitch and Sandy  return to the caves to collect more crystals. A monstrous creature appears and dismembers Mitch before proceeding to rape Sandy. Found distraught, Sandy receives treatment from Sharon and chief medical officer Karl , who discovers that the assault has initiated an accelerated pregnancy despite the regular intravenous injections of contraceptives given to the women in the team. When further explosions within the catacombs scupper chances of deeper investigation, the surviving members of the team are left with nothing to do except await the arrival of a Xeno rescue shuttle. The intelligence assumes control of Sandy, who has been marked in the same way as Ricky. Mentally unbalanced, Sandy demonstrates superhuman strength while stabbing Barbra  to death with scissors. She then mutilates Dean and the remains of Mitch, drinking their blood. The rest of the team seek refuge in the Operations Room as Sandy destroys important hardware—including the base transmitter—with explosives. When the imbalance in Sandy\'s mind appears to correct itself, Karl, Sharon and Commander Holly McKay  attempt sedation to spare her unborn offspring. Sandy\'s madness returns and Holly and Karl are killed in an accident with heat-sealing apparatus, whereupon Sandy disembowels the corpses.  Senior officer Mark  radios Sandy, his lover, from the Operations Room to stall for time as Kate and operations chief Gary  leave to commandeer chainsaws. The ruse is uncovered and Sandy harpoons Gary outside the airlock, breathing the atmosphere to no ill effect as she mauls his flesh. Preparing for a final confrontation, Mark stumbles across Sandy\'s newborn mutant twins. He entrusts them to Sharon as their mother blasts through the Operations Room door and destroys all the equipment inside, although it is evident that she has lost her unnatural strength. Crippled from the blast of an explosive charge, Kate is gored to death. In a last stand, Mark strangles and kills Sandy with a ripped-out cable. He returns to Sharon to find one of the twins biting at her gashed neck, before its sibling launches itself at him. Twenty-eight days later, Xeno Auxiliary Module 047 lands on the planet to investigate the loss of contact with the team. With the base in ruins, the mission records destroyed and the complement of scientists either murdered or missing, combat marksmen Corin  and Roy  abandon the search for survivors and pilot Jeff  contacts Xeno control to request clearance to return. The final shots reveal that Sandy\'s children have stowed themselves away inside a storage compartment on board the shuttle.'] ['Set in 1998, six years after an apocalyptic nuclear war, a group of army deserters take refuge from acid rain in a seemingly abandoned laboratory complex. They soon discover that the lab was a top-secret government research center, where a hideous  genetically-engineered monster still lurks.'] ['The film is set in a near future chaotic Japan. A mad scientist known as "Key Man" has created a virus that mutates humans into monstrous creatures called "Engineers" that sprout bizarre weapons from any injury. The Tokyo Police Force has been privatized to deal with this new threat of engineers, so a special squad of officers called "Engineer Hunters" are created to deal with them. However, unlike the average police force, the Engineer Hunters are a private quasi-military force that utilize violence, sadism, and streetside executions to maintain law and order. Helping the police force is Ruka, a troubled loner who is very skilled in dispatching the Engineers. Along with helping the police, she is looking for the killer of her father, an old-fashioned officer who was murdered in broad daylight by a mysterious assassin. Ruka soon receives a new case to hunt down Key Man, but once she encounters him, he infects her by inserting a key-shaped tumor into her scar-riddled left forearm before disappearing. Meanwhile, after an infected police officer massacres the main precinct, the Tokyo police chief  orders a city-wide crackdown on Engineers — indiscriminately executing anyone suspected of being one. While continuing her investigation, Ruka visits Key Man\'s home, where he reveals the truth about their past. His father was a police sniper who resigned after a sniping operation gone wrong. Desperate to keep his family out of poverty, he was paid to assassinate Ruka\'s father, who was leading a rally against the privatization of the police force. But shortly after gunning down Ruka\'s father before her eyes, he was murdered by the police chief — the real mastermind of the assassination — in front of Key Man. Swearing to avenge his father\'s death, he injected himself with the DNA of several infamous criminals, mutating him into his present form. After realizing that she and Key Man are seeking vengeance on the same man, Ruka slices him in half with her katana before heading back to the precinct. On her way, she witnesses the police force brutalizing civilians accused of being Engineers. When her bar owner friend is drawn and quartered, Ruka\'s left arm mutates into a alien-like head with razor-sharp claws before she beheads the officers behind the execution. During her rampage, she is shot in the right eye, but her body quickly replaces it with a cybernetic eye. She confronts the police chief, who admits to her father\'s assassination, but explains that he raised her to become the perfect Engineer Hunter as atonement. Following a grueling sword fight, Ruka decapitates the police chief — effectively bringing down his reign on the police force. During the end credits, it is revealed that Key Man is still alive, having mended himself back into one piece with the help of one of his test subjects.'] ['13 hours after the initial T-virus outbreak in The Hive, the Umbrella Corporation sends in a research team to re-open the complex. The team is slaughtered by zombies. Lickers and the undead escape into the outside world. Umbrella establishes a security perimeter around Raccoon City. However, a little girl goes missing after the Umbrella car transporting her crashes. After surviving the Hive, Alice was recovered by Umbrella and experimented on. She now has superhuman strength, speed and agility. Waking up in an empty hospital, she wanders outside to find the city is a ghost town. She arms herself with a shotgun from a police car and starts walking. She is disturbed by a man who keeps showing up in visions, who was experimenting on her. While Umbrella is evacuating civilians at the last open bridge, police officer Jill Valentine  confers with Sergeant Peyton Wells . However, the T-virus infects a man having a heart attack, turning him into a zombie that bites Peyton. Umbrella supervisor Timothy Cain  seals the exit and orders his soldiers to fire over the crowd\'s heads, scaring them back into the city. Elsewhere, Carlos Olivera  and other Umbrella soldiers link up with Special Tactics And Rescue Squad  units to defend against an onslaught of zombies in the city. Their positions are overrun, causing Carlos and his team to retreat with a bitten Yuri , who turns into a zombie and infects Carlos before being killed. Jill, Peyton and a news reporter named Terri Morales  lock themselves in a church, which turns out to be full of Lickers; they are saved at the last minute by the heavily armed Alice. Umbrella dispatches their Nemesis program to kill all remaining STARS operatives, and plan to sanitize Raccoon City using a nuclear weapon. When Nemesis encounters a surviving citizen, L.J.  and members of STARS, they open fire. He guns the STARS down but spares L.J.\'s life when he drops his weapons. Dr. Charles Ashford , an Umbrella scientist and creator of the T-virus, has refused extraction until he has located and rescued his daughter Angela , and soon figures out she is hiding out in her school dormitory after the car crash. He contacts Alice and the other survivors, and offers to arrange their evacuation in exchange for rescuing Angela. Alice is separated from the group when Nemesis appears and kills the zombified Peyton. Jill and Terri make it to the school, picking up L.J. on the way, and they encounter Carlos and Nicholai , acting on the same offer. After encounters with zombie dogs and infected children who kill Nicholai and Terri, Alice saves the group again and they find Angela. Angela reveals she was injected with the T-virus; Dr. Ashford created the T-virus to allow her to walk, but he also created the anti-virus because of the T-virus\'s potential for mutations. Alice reveals she was injected as well, but is not suffering mutations. She injects Carlos with the anti-virus to save him. Dr. Ashford gives Alice the location of the extraction point at City Hall, where the helicopter waits. The group makes it to the rendezvous, but are cornered by Major Cain, who has caught wind of Dr. Ashford\'s intentions and is holding him prisoner. All but Alice are restrained, and seconds later Nemesis appears. Major Cain commands Alice to fight Nemesis. Alice refuses, until Dr. Ashford is shot and killed. She relents and fights him, impaling him on a pole. Defeating Nemesis, she realizes he is Matt Addison. Her stand rekindles a trace of Nemesis\'s former humanity and they join forces and attack the Umbrella forces. Nemesis is killed, protecting Alice. She is hit with a propeller from a blown up helicopter and knocked out. Angela and Carlos go to her. Carlos helps her to a helicopter and they escape in it. Alice throws Major Cain out of the helicopter. He shoots a few infected people, but ultimately is overcome. The nuclear missile detonates over the center of Raccoon City, destroying it completely. The helicopter is caught in the blast wave and crashes. As the helicopter falls, a metal pole comes loose and is flung towards Angela. Alice moves in front of Angela and is impaled, saving her. Some hours after the explosion, Umbrella employees locate the helicopter\'s crash site, deep in the Arklay Mountains. There, they find Alice\'s body, badly burned. The others are nowhere to be found. Umbrella employees take her body. The media shows that Terri\'s footage has been shown to the press, saying that Umbrella released the zombies and the T-virus. Umbrella denies this, arguing that it is a hoax. Umbrella promotes a fake story about a nuclear power plant explosion near the city. The media announce that Jill and Carlos are wanted by the police for questioning. Three weeks later, in the midwest Umbrella research facility, Alice awakens. Led by Umbrella scientist Dr. Isaacs , the doctors begin questioning her. Soon she recalls events from Raccoon City and before. She realizes that the doctor who appeared in her visions is Dr. Isaacs. She attacks him, and fights her way out of the facility. She makes her way outside only to be surrounded by more Umbrella guards holding her at gunpoint. Suddenly, Jill, Carlos, Angela, and L.J. pull up, disguised as Umbrella employees. Carlos shows the guards a written order placing her in his custody. Alice enters the vehicle, and as they drive away, Angela asks her if she is all right. She doesn\'t respond, and Dr. Isaacs is shown saying, "Let them go," and then "Program Alice activated." A close-up of her eye shows a flashing Umbrella logo. The scene then pulls away from the car they are in and all the way out into space, where an Umbrella satellite is seen.'] ['The film begins with New Mexico State Police Sergeant Ben Peterson  and his patrol partner Ed Blackburn  discovering a little girl wandering the desert near Alamogordo, mute and in a state of shock. They retrace her steps to a trailer owned by an FBI agent named Ellinson, who was on vacation in the area with his wife and two children. The side of the trailer has been ripped open from the outside, and the rest of the family is missing and presumed dead. The girl briefly responds when strange sounds echo out of the desert wind, but the troopers and medic miss this. More mysterious deaths and disappearances occur in the area. A general store owner named Gramps Johnson is found dead in his store, which had been literally torn apart. All the money is left in the register, but a barrel of sugar had been smashed open, and Gramps\' empty rifle has been fired empty and bent in half. Peterson leaves to check on the little girl and make a report leaving Blackburn to guard Gramps\' store. Not long afterward, Blackburn hears a strange noise outside and goes out to investigate. Soon there is the sound of several gunshots, the strange sound gets louder, and Blackburn is heard screaming in agony, whereupon he disappears as well. Later, FBI agent Robert Graham  has arrived to assist. A single strange track bigger than a mountain lion’s has been found in the desert near the trailer, and a plaster cast of it was made and sent to Washington, D.C. The police think there is a maniac killer on the loose, but Peterson\'s boss points out that Gramps got off several shots with his 30-30 and was “a dead shot and could hit anything he could see”. So, the police commander says, “unless the attacker is armored like a battleship, there’s no maniac killer in this case.” Even more puzzling is the coroner\'s verdict about the possible causes of death found on Gramps Johnson\'s body: “Gramps could have died any one of five ways. His neck and back were broken, his skull was fractured, his chest was crushed... and here’s one for Sherlock Holmes. There was enough formic acid in his body to kill twenty men.” When the FBI is unable to identify the footprint, it attracts the attention of Harold  and Pat Medford , a father/daughter team of entomologists from the Department of Agriculture. The elder Dr. Medford arrives on the scene with a theory, but will not go into it until he tries an experiment on the Ellinson girl and sees the site where they found the track. In the hospital, he has her smell the contents of a vial containing formic acid, whereupon she emerges from her state of catatonic withdrawal and screams, "Them! Them!" Medford\'s theory is validated when, back at the torn-up trailer, he sees the track, measuring an astonishing eighteen centimeters, making the “creature” almost eight feet in length. Both Graham and Peterson are upset that the doctor has not let them in on what he thinks is happening, but he explains that he is trying to avoid a nationwide panic. As they talk, his daughter encounters a giant foraging ant. The lawmen empty their revolvers at the monster, to little effect. On Medford\'s advice, Peterson, using a Thompson submachine gun, and Graham finally kill it by shooting off the creature\'s antennae, blinding it, then emptying the Thomson into it. Medford finally tells them what it is: an ant. He theorizes it was mutated by the radiation from the first atom bomb tests, close by at Alamogordo. A U.S. Air Force unit is brought in, led by General O\'Brien , which locates the ants\' nest and exterminates the inhabitants with poison gas. However, the younger Dr. Medford finds evidence that two young queens have hatched and flown away to establish new colonies. Trying to avoid a general panic, the government covertly investigates any reports of unusual activities or sightings of "flying saucers". One report leads them to a railroad car which has been caved in and forty tons of sugar taken. The guard is irate at being accused of being in on it. "Who\'s going to steal forty tons of sugar? Is there a black market for it?" Another report takes them to a local hospital and a pilot named Crotty, who was forced down by U.F.O.s that he says resembled giant ants. He’s confined to the psycho ward, but the doctor – who is about to release him, saying it’s all a publicity stunt – is warned to keep him locked up and without any visitors so he gets no publicity. They’ll call later and tell the doctor when Crotty can be released. One of the queens is finally revealed to have invaded the hold of an ocean-going freighter which had been docked for off-loading and hatches left open. It has been overrun by ants who then slaughter the crew. The vessel is sunk by a U.S. Navy cruiser. Then, an alcoholic in a hospital "drunk tank" reveals that he saw giant ants flying around outside his window, and the dismembered corpse of a man last seen with his two young sons  leads the investigation to the storm drain system that empties into the Los Angeles River. Given the significant threat to the City, the U.S. Army goes public with the existence of the giant ants, declares martial law for the city, and prepares for a major assault on the new nest. During the assault, Peterson finds the two missing boys alive but trapped near the ants\' nest. He calls for backup but, seeing that the boys are in imminent danger, goes in alone before help can arrive. He gets the boys to safety in the pipe through which he came. Before Peterson himself can escape, he is grabbed from behind in the mandibles of another ant and mortally wounded. Graham arrives at the scene with reinforcements, and they fight off the swarming ants. Graham is nearly killed himself when a cave-in temporarily cuts him off from the rest of the men; several ants charge him, but he is able to hold them off long enough for the other troops to tunnel through the debris and come to his rescue. The nest\'s queen and egg chamber are then destroyed with flamethrowers. The senior Dr. Medford issues a grim warning that "the atomic genie has been let out of the bottle," and further horrors may await mankind. He solemnly intones, "When man entered the atomic age, he opened the door to a new world. What we may eventually find in that new world, nobody can predict."'] ["A team of local scientists discover alien parasites when they investigate a mysterious, three-story-tall, cone-like object that has appeared outside of town. It becomes obvious that the parasites' first victims, whose minds have been taken over, are the town's leading citizens."] ['An oil pipeline layer named Chester  returns to his suburban Los Angeles home from the North Pole, bringing with him a small sample of a mysterious frozen substance uncovered by a bulldozer on a job site. Prior to taking the blob to a lab to be analyzed, he places the storage container with the substance in his freezer, but he and his wife accidentally let it thaw, releasing "the Blob". It starts by eating a fly, then a kitten, Chester\'s wife, and then Chester himself . Lisa , a friend, walks in to see Chester being devoured by the Blob. She escapes, but cannot get anyone to believe her, not even her boyfriend Bobby . Meanwhile the rapidly-growing creature quietly preys upon the town. Some of its victims include a police officer and two hippies  in a storm drain, a barber  and his client, transients , a Scout Master , a farm-full of chickens, and a bar full of people . At one point Lisa and Bobby find themselves trapped in Bobby\'s truck with the creature attempting to find a way inside. In the panic the truck\'s air conditioning is accidentally switched on and the Blob retreats, establishing its vulnerability to cold as in the original film . The now-massive blob then invades a bowling alley and a skating rink . It is finally stopped when Bobby activates the rink\'s ice mechanism, freezing it. While the frozen blob is being filmed by a television crew, one of the crew\'s bright lights is positioned on the ground, melting a small portion of it, which oozes toward the sheriff and envelopes his feet as he is speaking on camera. The movie ends with a cliffhanger, not knowing if the Blob is stopped, as it is about to engulf the local sheriff.'] ['Earth\'s scientists send out transmissions with information about Earth and its inhabitants, DNA structure, etc., in hopes of finding life beyond Earth. They then receive transmissions from an alien source on how to create endless fuel effortlessly. Therefore, the scientists assume that this is a friendly alien species. But from a second alien transmission, the scientists receive information about an alien DNA along with instructions on how to splice it with human DNA. A government team led by Xavier Fitch  goes forward with the genetic experiment hoping to induce a female with "more docile and controllable" traits. The alien is the result of the SETI  program. One of the hundred experimental ova produces a girl named Sil, who looks like a normal human but develops into a 12-year old in 3 months. Sil\'s violent outbursts during sleep make the scientists consider her a threat. They try to kill her using cyanide gas but instead she breaks out of her containment cell and escapes. The government assembles a team composed of anthropologist Dr. Stephen Arden , molecular biologist Dr. Laura Baker , empath Dan Smithson  and mercenary Preston "Press" Lennox  to track and destroy Sil. Sil matures rapidly into an adult  in her early twenties and makes her way to Los Angeles. This makes tracking her extremely difficult. She is incredibly strong and intelligent with amazing regenerative powers. The scientists fear she may mate with human males and produce offspring that could eliminate the human race. Sil lacks inhibitions when it comes to killing people who get in her way and wants to produce offspring as soon as possible. She frequently morphs into her alien form, a bipedal creature with tentacles on her shoulders and back. Sil tries first to mate with a man she meets at a night club, but after sensing that he is diabetic, rejects and kills him by puncturing his skull with her tongue. She then tries to mate with a man she meets after a car accident. They swim in the man\'s pool where Sil forces the man to open his swimming trunks in order to mate, but the man refuses. This is interrupted by Press and Laura. She kills the man and flees naked into a forest without being seen by the team. She pretends to be a rape victim, and then proceeds to kidnap a woman. She fakes her death by crashing the woman\'s car into a tree during a high-speed chase. After cutting and dyeing her hair, she takes an attraction to Press and attempts to seduce him. She eventually copulates with Arden; then kills him when he realizes who she is and what he has done. The rest of the team then follow her into the sewers where Fitch is subsequently killed and the area where she and her offspring are destroyed. Press uses a grenade launcher on Sil, blowing her head off. The trio leaves the area. The last scene shows a rat chewing on one of Sil\'s severed tentacles; it starts to mutate into a vicious beast and attacks another rat.'] ["A small team of oil rig workers are searching for undiscovered oil at the oil rig Sector 7, off the coast of Jeju Island. After the tension builds from countless failures, the main character Hae Jun's uncle returns with the hope of finding the untapped wells of oil. What they don't realize is that he has a much different motive. Working together with a researcher on board the rig, he plans to breed a newly discovered life-form whose bodily fluids can burn for longer than 30 hours, as a new form of fuel instead of oil. But tragedy strikes as the specimen escapes with deaths of the researcher, the doctor, and another worker to follow. With the loss of the main power, the workers become stranded as the creature begins to hunt for its next meal. Armed with nothing but a few guns and the knowledge of the creature's minor susceptibility to flame, the remaining workers must work together to kill the beast before it hunts them down one by one, and escape the oil rig. But with its incredible speed , its lightning fast, spear-like tongue, and its nearly impenetrable hide, they may not stand a chance."] ['In the opening sequence, an army convoy is attacked by terrorists who soon discover they have stolen a truck of living frozen biological material instead of uranium. Once at a dockside warehouse, the frozen Velociraptors escape, who kill many of the terrorists before the police arrive, who expect to find drug smugglers. After finding the sole survivor, the police are killed inside the warehouse by the Velociraptors. An anti-terrorist special force led by Colonel Rance Higgins is called in by General Mercer where they find pieces of bodies and a refrigeration truck rather than uranium. They maneuver through warehouse boxes until two get slashed to death. The survivors learn from Dr. Hodges that these are the last three "carnosaurs" in existence: two male Velociraptors and one female T-Rex left from the genetic reconstructions of the previous Carnosaur installments. It is made clear that the dinosaurs need to be caught alive, relating to the potential for curing major diseases. A massive meat shipment resides at the dock, so the three soldiers hunt in that area, meeting up with a unit of Marines who have come as backup. Soldier Polchek is given drugs to shoot into the carnosaurs as the group set up a lure and net trap with meat. One of the carnosaurs attacks and almost succeeds in dragging off Polchek, but is shot down. Hodges soon theorizes that the T-Rex is breeding since Polchek was being dragged off, perhaps to hatchlings. The next plan is to destroy the ship they\'re on into the Pacific and freeze the dinosaurs somehow. When time comes to explore the lower decks of the ship, the carnosaurs knock out the lights and kill a couple more soldiers. The rest get to an elevator, but a dinosaur chews the cable through and they crash on the bottom level, discovering the nest of eggs which they begin to shoot, causing the T-Rex to become mad, ripping off Polchek\'s arm. Rance and Proudfoot rejoin Dr. Hodges and Marine Rossi, split up again and rig dynamite. Rossi is eaten by the Rex; Proudfoot\'s head is ripped off; and the remaining two shoot two of the dinosaurs. Hodges senses the T-Rex is close. She and Rance hide behind lockers which the T-Rex head-butts. Rance throws an explosive in the mouth of the dinsosaur, killing it. The two race against time to jump in the ocean before the ship explodes. As a cliffhanger, back in the police car at the port, the sole surviving terrorist is still gagged in the back seat where a dinosaur soon appears.{{cite web}}'] [' While investigating Halley\'s Comet, the crew of the space shuttle Churchill finds a 150-mile long spaceship hidden in the corona of the comet. Upon entering the alien craft, the crew finds hundreds of dead, shrivelled bat-like creatures and three naked humanoid bodies  in suspended animation within glass coffin-like containers. The crew recovers the three aliens and begins the return trip to Earth. During the return journey, mission control loses contact with the shuttle as it nears Earth and a rescue mission is launched to investigate. The rescuers discover that the Churchill has been severely damaged by fire, with its internal components destroyed, and the three containers bearing the aliens are all that remain intact. The aliens are taken to the European Space Research Centre in London where they are watched over by Dr. Leonard Bukovski  and Dr. Hans Fallada . Prior to an autopsy, the female alien  awakens and sucks the titular "life force" out of a guard. The female then escapes the research facility and proceeds to drain various other humans of their life force, also revealing an ability to shape-shift.{{cite news}} and seek out other humans in order to absorb their life force, thereby perpetuating the zombie virus. The absorbed life force consumed by the zombies is collected by the male vampires to deliver to the female vampire, who then transfers the accumulated energy to a waiting spaceship in Earth\'s orbit. Fallada manages to impale one of the male vampires with a sword made of leaded iron and surmises that the space vampire race is actually the origin of the human vampire myth. Carlsen then admits to Caine that, whilst on the shuttle, he felt compelled to open the female vampire\'s container and to share his life force with her. Carlsen realizes that his psychic connection is being used to lure him back to the alien so she can regain the life force shared with him earlier. She is later found lying upon a church\'s altar, transferring the energy from infected humans to her spaceship. Caine follows Carlsen into the church and is intercepted by the second male vampire, whom he dispatches using the leaded iron sword obtained from Fallada . Caine relocates Carlsen but the colonel manages to impale himself and the female alien simultaneously as a sacrifice for the benefit of Earth. However, the female vampire is only wounded and returns to her ship with Carlsen in tow, releasing a burst of energy that destroys the top of the church building. The two ascend the column of light that leads to the spaceship which then returns to the comet it came from.'] ['The isolated Kelley family struggle with their small farm in a bleak landscape. A mysterious plane crash happens nearby. Then wild and domesticated animals and finally their handyman turn on the family and attack. It turns out a space alien  has taken over the minds of the lesser animals , working its way up to controlling humans as part of a plan to conquer the world. In the end, the family bond together, unite against the alien and their love conquers all.'] ['When research scientist Dr. Gilbert McKenna falls unconscious after accidentally being exposed to radiation during an experiment with a new radioactive isotope, he is rushed to a nearby hospital. Attending physician Dr. Stern is surprised to find that Gil shows no signs of burns typical to a five-minute exposure to radiation and informs Gil\'s co-workers, lab assistant Ann Lansing and scientist Dr. Buckell, that he will keep the patient for several days of observation. Later, Gil is taken to the solarium to receive the sun\'s healing rays, but while he naps, the sun\'s rays metamorphose Gil into a scaled creature, horrifying the other patients. Seeing his own skin, Gil flees to the bathroom to confront his new appearance. Later, Stern explains Gil\'s affliction to Lansing and Buckell: Humans have evolved from a chain of living beings beginning with one-celled organisms that progressed into fish, amphibians, reptiles, mammals and finally humans. Stern assumes that the radiation poisoning has caused a reversal of evolution changing Gil into a prehistoric amphibian and that the catalyst for the regression is sunlight. Stern suggests that Gil can control his symptoms by staying in the dark and remaining in the hospital, but admits that the patient cannot be held against his will. Although Gil has resumed his normal appearance, he has become mentally unstable. Notifying Lansing of his resignation, Gil drives his convertible to his large manor in an isolated coastal region where he drinks himself into a stupor. After hours of aimlessly walking the grounds, Gil drives to a bar where he finds sultry piano player Trudy Osborne singing. Removing his sunglasses in the darkened bar, Gil meets Trudy\'s eyes in a romantic glance, but he soon leaves and recklessly drives back to his house. Back at the research facility, Buckell receives word that noted radiation-poisoning specialist Dr. Hoffman has agreed to help Gil and plans on arriving in the area within a few days. Because Gil has disconnected his phone, Lansing offers to drive to the manor to deliver Hoffman\'s letter. After studies about radiation poisoning offer no leads on solving Gil\'s own particular symptoms, he walks to the ocean bluffs to commit suicide, but the laughter from children playing nearby softens his resolve. Instead, Gil returns to the bar where Trudy joins him for a drink and comments that the evening is not over because it is "never late until the sun comes up." Although Gil is disturbed by the comment, his loneliness draws him closer to Trudy. When bar patron George insinuates that he has purchased Trudy\'s company for the evening and she rebuffs him, Gil defends her decision, causing a fistfight between the men. A fter knocking George to the ground, Gil flees with Trudy into the night in his convertible. Later that evening, after they kiss while walking the shoreline, they make love, falling asleep in the sand until the morning light awakens Gil. Realizing the sun\'s rays will cause him to become the amphibious monster, Gil speeds away in his car leaving Trudy stranded on the beach. Arriving at the house, Gil runs in but not before the transformation occurs. Meanwhile, Lansing arrives and seeing the cellar door ajar, bravely opens it to find Gil cowering in a corner, physically recovered from the transformation but in a state of shock. Gil is at first uninterested in seeing Hoffman because he believes he is "beyond help," but Lansing\'s sobbing pleas convince him to see the doctor. During his examination, Hoffman orders Gil to remain in the house at all times for precaution until he can return with help. Alone in the house, Gil\'s restless sleep leads him to return to the bar, where George and his thugs, prompted by Trudy\'s story about Gil\'s abandoning her, beat Gil almost unconscious. Fearing Gil will die if left unattended, Trudy takes him to her apartment where he sleeps until morning. After Gil asks to remain there until the evening, explaining he has a reaction to the sun, George arrives and, seeing Gil, forces him at gunpoint out into the daylight, causing the transformation to occur. Infuriated by George\'s threats, the creature strangles him to death, then runs into the hills, frightening children and brutally killing a dog in his path. Returning to the house, the creature finds Hoffman, Lansing and Buckell waiting there and returns to his normal human state. When Gil admits to the murder, others assure him that he acted in self-defense, but when the police arrive with an arrest warrant, a hysterical Gil races from the grounds in his car and accidentally hits a police officer. Later, Gil hides inside an oil field shack in a residential district, while police comb the area and set up roadblocks. Despite radio and newspapers reports that a killer is on the loose, young Suzy evades her mother\'s orders to remain inside the house and runs to her hideout, the oil field shack. Finding Gil there, Suzy offers to fetch him cookies and promises not to tell her mother about the strange man. However, when Suzy\'s mother sees her hoarding cookies, she questions Suzy until she admits that she has a new friend, a sick, hungry man. While the terrified mother calls the police, Suzy slips out the door to return to Gil. Her mother chases after her into the oil field where police cars are just arriving. Realizing Suzy is endangered by being with him, Gil carries the girl out of the shack into the sunlight where he lets her go and soon changes into the creature. In the ensuing police chase, the creature attacks another officer and then climbs the stairs to the top of a tall oil rig where another officer tries to apprehend him. As the creature begins to strangle him, the officer shoots him in his chest and Gil falls several stories to his death while Buckell, Hoffman and a sobbing Lansing watch in dismay.'] [' The film starts with a driver  and his passenger  driving very late at night, singing along to Creedence Clearwater Revival\'s cover of "Midnight Special" on a cassette, and the song ends when the tape breaks. The driver talks about a scary game he finds amusing: he switches off the car\'s headlights and drives in the dark. After the passenger admits he\'s uncomfortable, the driver laughs it off and keeps the lights on. With no tape or radio, the pair start a Name That Tune game with television theme songs such as Sea Hunt and Hawaii Five-O, and eventually the classic theme to The Twilight Zone. The conversation turns to what episodes of the series they found most scary, such as Burgess Meredith in "Time Enough at Last" and other classics. The passenger then asks the driver, "Do you want to see something really scary?" The driver obliges and reluctantly pulls over. The passenger turns his face away, then turns back around having transformed into a demon, and attacks the driver. The scene then cuts to outside the car as the familiar Twilight Zone opening theme music and monologue begin, spoken by narrator Burgess Meredith. {{quote}}  {{quote}} The film\'s only original segment was the first, directed by John Landis. It is loosely based on the original Twilight Zone episode "A Quality of Mercy", with the opening narration borrowing from "What You Need" and "A Nice Place to Visit". Bill Connor  is an outspoken bigot who is bitter after being passed over for a promotion. Drinking in a bar after work with his friends, Bill makes prejudiced remarks and racial slurs towards Jews, Blacks and Asians, attracting the attention of a group of black men sitting near them who strongly resent his racist comments. Bill leaves the bar very angry, but when he walks outside, the supernatural tone begins. He inexplicably proceeds to assume the racial ethnicities of people against whom he was always prejudiced. First, he finds himself in occupied France during World War II. He is spotted by a pair of SS officers patrolling the streets, who see him as a Jewish man. A chase ensues around the city, and Bill is shot in his arm by one of the German officers. Bill falls from the ledge of a building and abruptly finds himself in the rural South during the 1940s. There a group of Ku Klux Klansmen  sees him as an African American whom they are about to whip and lynch. Bill is scared and confused; he vehemently tells them he is white. While trying to escape the Klansmen, he suddenly finds himself in a jungle during the Vietnam War, as a Vietnamese man is blown to bits by U.S. soldiers. Instead of killing him, the grenade thrown by the soldiers blasts Bill into occupied France again. There he is captured by Nazi soldiers and put into an enclosed railroad freight car, along with other Jewish Holocaust prisoners. With no apparent possibility of redemption or rescue, Bill sees and uselessly screams for help to his friends from the bar, who have come out to the parking lot and cannot hear his cries, nor see him or the train as it pulls away to a death camp, thus leaving them to wonder about his whereabouts and the viewer to wonder of his fate.  {{quote}} The second segment was directed by Steven Spielberg and is a remake of the episode "Kick the Can." An old man named Mr. Bloom  has just moved into Sunnyvale Retirement Home. Upon his arrival, he sits around kindly and smiles as he listens to the other elders reminisce about the joys they experienced in their youth. Mr. Bloom implies to them just because they are old does not mean they cannot enjoy life anymore, and that feeling young and active has to do with your attitude, not your age. He tells them that later that night, he will wake them and that they can join him in a game of kick the can. All agree; however, Leo Conroy  disagrees, saying that now that they are all old they cannot engage in physical activity and play the games they once did as children. That night, Mr. Bloom gathers the rest of the optimistic residents outside and plays the game, during which they are transformed into childhood versions of themselves. Although they are extremely ecstatic to be young again and engage in the activities they once enjoyed so long ago, they also realize that being young again means you not only experience the good aspects of life again but also the bad. They request to be old again, which Mr. Bloom grants to them. Leo Conroy witnesses one resident, Mr. Agee  that still remains young, and says that he wants to go with him before the boy runs off. Conroy realizes that he does not have to stop enjoying life because of his old age. The segment ends with Mr. Bloom leaving to another retirement home, and Conroy outside happily kicking a can around the yard, having learned being young at heart is what really matters.  {{quote}} The third segment, a remake of the episode "It\'s a Good Life," was directed by Joe Dante. Its opening narration is borrowed, in part, from "Night Call." Mild-mannered Helen Foley , traveling to a new job, visits a rural bar for directions. While talking to the owner , she witnesses Anthony, a young boy  playing an arcade game, who is being blamed by a pair of locals  for "accidentally" causing interference on the TV by slapping the side of the game machine. When one of the men pushes Anthony away from the game and pulls the plug, Helen comes to the boy\'s defense, but Anthony runs out of the restaurant. As Helen leaves, she backs into the boy with her car in the parking lot, damaging his bicycle. Helen offers Anthony a ride home. They eventually arrive at Anthony\'s house, which is an immense home in the country. When Helen arrives, she meets Anthony\'s family: Uncle Walt ([[Kevin McCarthy ; sister Ethel ; and Anthony and Ethel\'s mother (Patricia Barry, who starred in "I Dream of Genie" and "[[The Chaser  and father . Anthony\'s family seems overly welcoming, but Helen at first dismisses this. Anthony starts to show Helen around the house ; there is a television set in every room showing cartoons. She loses Anthony and comes to the room of another sister, Sara . Helen calls out to the girl, who is in a wheelchair and watching a television displaying cartoons, and gets no response. Anthony appears and explains that Sara had been in an accident; Helen isn\'t able to see that the girl has no mouth. After the tour, Anthony announces that it is time for dinner, which consists of Anthony\'s favorite foods: including ice cream, candy apples, and hamburgers topped with peanut butter. Confused at first at how the family eats, Helen thinks that this is a birthday dinner for Anthony. Ethel complains at the prospect of another birthday; Anthony glares at her, and her plate flies out of her hands onto the ground. Helen hurredly attempts to leave, but Anthony urges Helen to stay and see Uncle Walt\'s "hat trick". Helen is stunned to see that a top hat has suddenly appeared on top of the television set. Uncle Walt is very nervous about what could be in the hat, but he pulls an ordinary rabbit out of it. The family members are relieved, but Anthony insists on more, and a large, cartoonish rabbit springs from the hat. Helen screams, and Anthony orders it to go away. As she attempts to flee, she falls and spills the contents of her purse, and Anthony finds a note slipped in from one of the Fremonts stating "Help us! Anthony is a monster!" When the family points the finger at Ethel, Anthony wills her into the television set; there she is eaten by a large, dragon-like cartoon character. Helen attempts to escape only to have the door open up to a human eye. She closes it quickly only to see Anthony at the top of the stairs pleading her to stay. She then is led back into the room to see Anthony have a demonic cartoon that continuously contorted into various grotesque. After Helen demands the creature to disappear, in a fit of irritation, Anthony makes the entire house disappear instantly, and his family with it, leaving himself and Helen literally nowhere. Anthony explains that, since they were not happy living with him anymore, he sent them all back where they came from, including both his sisters. Now, at last, Anthony realizes the horrific loneliness that comes with being omnipotent. For once, he expresses the tremendous insecurity and pain that seethes within him instead of burying it. Helen offers to be his teacher and the two ride in her car as the nowhere landscape changes to a sunny field. Helen asks to be Anthony\'s teacher, and also his student; together, she says, they can find uses for his power that even he never dreamed of. Having been confronted with the true end results of his reign of terror, Anthony welcomes Helen\'s offer and makes her car reappear. Both ride off toward her new home and job, surrounded by bright meadows filled with flowers.  {{quote}} The fourth segment is a remake of the episode "Nightmare at 20,000 Feet", directed by George Miller. Nervous airline passenger Mr. John Valentine  is in an airplane lavatory as he tries to recover from what seems to be a panic attack. The flight attendants attempt to coax Mr. Valentine from the lavatory, and they repeatedly assure him that everything is going to be all right, but his nerves and antics disturb the surrounding passengers. As Mr. Valentine takes his seat, he notices a hideous gremlin on the wing of the plane and begins to spiral into another severe panic. He watches as the creature wreaks havoc on the wing, damaging the plane\'s engine, losing more control each time he sees it do something new. Valentine finally snaps, grabs a hand gun from another passenger, an air marshal, shoots out the window , and begins firing at the creature. This only serves to catch the attention of the gremlin, who rushes up to Valentine and promptly destroys the gun. After a tense moment, in which they notice that the plane is landing, the gremlin grabs Valentine\'s face, then simply scolds him by wagging its finger in his face. The creature leaps into the sky as the airplane begins its emergency landing. On the ground, as a straitjacketed Valentine is carried off in an ambulance, the police, crew and passengers begin to discuss the incident, writing off Valentine as insane. However, the aircraft maintenance crew soon arrives, and everyone gathers to examine the unexplained damage to the plane\'s engines, complete with claw marks.  The fourth segment ends with a scene reminiscent of the prologue. Valentine is in an ambulance when the driver  starts playing Creedence Clearwater Revival\'s "Midnight Special". The driver turns and says, "Heard you had a big scare up there, huh? Wanna see something really scary?" The scene fades out to a starry night sky accompanied by Rod Serling\'s opening monologue from the first season of The Twilight Zone: {{quote}}'] ['In Australia a hijack attempt is made on a van leaving a genetic engineering institute in New South Wales. The hijackers are thwarted by Security Guard Fred  who gets the cargo to an airport in Melbourne. A cancelled flight at the airport forces an unlikely mix of characters to board a chartered flight to Los Angeles rather than wait for a plane the following day. This includes a girls karate team, a businessman desperate not to miss a meeting in the US , and a mix of others including a group of scientists accompanied by Fred. Shortly into the flight it is revealed that one of the scientists, Scott Milhouse , planned the hijacking attempt. The van contained genetically modified scorpions intended to be used to develop new drugs to fight AIDS and cancer. The scorpions excessive size is blamed on the fact they were cloned and engineered using DNA from "loads of things", including prehistoric scorpions. Milhouse intends to sell specimens to an unknown third party. As Fred foiled the hijack attempt, Milhouse decides to steal some of the specimens himself. He attempts to move some of the specimens into a coffin in the plane\'s cargo hold when Fred interrupts. A fight ensues and Milhouse accidentally kills Fred. Milhouse moves the specimens before balancing the coffin on the edge of a container and leaving the hold. Soon thereafter the coffin tumbles from its perch and the scorpions are released. The scorpions grow to immense proportions and kill several members of the crew and passengers. The pilot, Captain Jack Russel, realises something is amiss when he finds his navigator dead in the cargo hold. His fears are confirmed when a scorpion drops into the cockpit and attempts to sting him. Milhouse\'s mental state deteriorates and he accidentally shoots the head scientist with Fred\'s gun, which also causes one of the plane\'s doors to open. Several people and all but one of the scorpions are sucked out of the plane. Milhouse is stung by the queen scorpion and the others lose track of him. Captain Jack loses his eyes to the scorpion, prompting his love interest Dr. Ryan to set out on a mission to kill the queen while Courtney, a member of the karate team, acts as Captain Jack\'s eyes in the cockpit. Ryan corners the queen at the plane\'s minibar, but Milhouse reappears and points out that he has been stung so many times that he is immune to the scorpion\'s venom. Ryan pushes Milhouse into the grip of the queen, then zaps the scorpion moments before the plane lands. Captain Jack and Ryan leave the plane together, having fallen in love. As everyone departs the plane, a normal-sized scorpion runs across the runway.'] ["Biologists Dr. Mary Robinson  and Dr. Bullfinch  are summoned by Dr. Alexander Thorkel  to his remote laboratory in the Peruvian jungle. They are accompanied by mineralogist Dr. Bill Stockton , a friend of Mary's and a last minute substitute for another scientist, and Steve Baker , who wants to make sure his hired mules are well cared for. When they arrive, Thorkel asks the scientists to describe a specimen in his microscope, since his eyesight is too poor for him to do so himself. Bill identifies iron crystal contamination, much to Thorkel's satisfaction. Then, to their astonishment, Thorkel thanks them for their services and wants them to leave. Insulted that they have traveled thousands of miles for nothing, they set up camp in Thorkel's stockade, insisting that he tell them more about his research. While snooping around, Steve discovers the area is rich with pitchblende, an ore of uranium and radium. When he finds them looking around his laboratory, Thorkel becomes angry, but as he is outnumbered, reveals he is shrinking living creatures, among them a horse, using radiation piped from a radium deposit down a deep shaft. He invites them and his assistant Pedro  to examine his apparatus, then locks them inside his radiation chamber. With the information that Bill has provided, he is able to correct the flaw that has killed his prior specimens. When his victims awaken, they find they have shrunk to twelve inches tall. They flee from Thorkel. Bullfinch is eventually coaxed into speaking with Thorkel, but the latter is not interested in negotiating, merely in measuring Bullfinch. When he discovers that Bullfinch is growing, he realizes that the effect is only temporary. He murders Bullfinch in cold blood and sets out to hunt the others down so that they cannot go to the authorities. The four survivors hack their way through gigantic jungle foliage and do battle with the wildlife. They attempt to launch Pedro's small boat , but are interrupted by an alligator. When Thorkel locates them using Pedro's own dog, Pedro leads Thorkel away from the others and is shot dead. The fugitives hide in one of Thorkel’s specimen cases and are brought back undetected to his lab. While Thorkel goes outside to adjust a machine, Bill, Steve and Mary prepare to kill him with his own shotgun when he lies down on his bed. However, he instead falls asleep at his desk. They hide his spare glasses, then Steve steals the pair Thorkel put on his desk, managing to smash one lens before Thorkel awakes. Thorkel chases the shrunken trio to the mineshaft and precariously hangs by a rope when the plank he was laying on breaks. Steve cuts the rope, causing Thorkel to plunge to his death. Months later, Bill, Steve and Mary return to civilization, restored to their original size. Bill and Mary are in love."] ['After losing her family farm to the bank, local beauty pageant winner Rene , decides to leave the small town of Berkeley. A number of strange meteorites are seen falling nearby, turning the local inhabitants into zombies. Rene and other survivors hide in the home of gun nut and alien abductee Marion . Marion has a large cache of guns and a basement fallout shelter, but he never had a chance to stock it with food or water. The group ventures outside to scavenge, but encounter the zombies. Marion shoots one in the head and discover that is the way to keep the creatures down. They abandon the house, going to the garage to get Marion\'s van. They try to flee, only to find a huge barrier surrounding the entire town, which Marion blames on the aliens that had taken him. There is also a slightly acidic rain that falls at very regular intervals and the group is careful to not to get wet. Later, they are confronted by glowing, hooded figures. One by one, the group is either killed or pulled up into the clouds until only Rene is left. The aliens stop her and she is sprayed with the rainlike chemical, which turns out to be a cure for the infection. The Aliens are actually there to keep the zombie infection from spreading. The "abducted" are floating in suspended animation above the clouds to keep them safe. Their job done, the aliens leave, unaware that Wayne , presumed dead, managed to escape by plane and will spread the infection after they left. The townspeople are rushed to the hospital to treat the injured. Unfortunately, Wayne transforms into a zombie, first infecting Marion and then spreading the plague once again. The film ends at Rene\'s farm where the survivors are staying. The final shot is of the farm with a fenced-in area nearby, containing the zombified residents of Berkeley. Rene stands guard with a triple barreled shotgun and a gas mask, waiting for the return of the aliens.'] ["The main character, Shirozuki, goes insane after his wife divorces him. He then proceeds to kill her and her family members but does not stop there. He plots a massacre in the city of Tokyo. Being an incredibly brilliant former scientist, Shirozuki mutates a regular octopus to grow 20 times its size. The octopus wreaks havoc and destruction in Tokyo like Shirozuki had planned. But, towards the end, Shirozuki realizes the horrible crime he has done. Not being able to live with his guilt, he arms himself with a grenade, then throws himself in the octopus's path. The octopus eats him and explodes. The citizens of Tokyo honor Shirozuki as if he were a hero, not knowing he was only destroying the monster he created."] ['The film begins on a prison asteroid in outer space. A group of unseen creatures known as Crites are set to be transported to another station. When the seemingly intelligent creatures cause an explosion that kills two guards and injures three, hijack a ship away from the station, and escape, the leader of the station hires two transforming bounty hunters to hunt the "Critters" down. Meanwhile, on Earth, we are introduced to the Brown family, living in a rural Kansas town: the father, Jay; the mother, Helen; the teenage daughter, April; and the trouble-making son, Brad. Brad often hangs out with dopey mechanic, Charlie McFadden. When he and Brad are outside, Charlie accidentally hits Brad\'s sister with a slingshot pellet, and Brad, not wanting his friend to get into trouble, passes the blame on himself. He is grounded, but sneaks out onto the roof. While on the roof Brad sees what appears to be a comet streaking the sky, falling somewhere in the distance. The comet, which in actuality is the Crite\'s ship, lands, causing the ground to shake and alarming Jay and his wife. Walking outside to investigate, Jay discovers Brad in a tree, who says he was thrown clear out of his window by the earthquake. Jay, obviously not believing this, takes his son along with him to find the comet. At the landing site, the Critters survey the damage, and set out for food. Devouring the majority of a steer, the Crites are interrupted upon Jay and Brad\'s discovery of the cattle\'s carcass. Then the Crites attack and eat a police officer. Shortly afterward, the Critters make their way toward the farm and manage to cut the power. Jay, Helen and Brad go to the circuit breaker where Jay is attacked by one of the Critters. Then out in the barn, April is making out and trying to engage in sexual intercourse with her boyfriend Steve when one of the Critters attacks them and kills Steve. Brad saves her by feeding a lit stick of dynamite to the Critter, killing it. The family manages to evade the Critters and get into the house. Meanwhile the two bounty hunters, having already landed on Earth, travel from pillar to post in the town looking for the Critters. When Brad goes for help, he manages to bring the bounty hunters to his home. The Critters return to their ship when the bounty hunters arrive, with their large leader having kidnapped April, Charlie then lights a homemade bomb with a molotov cocktail created from the whiskey he is always carrying and saves her. The Critters lift off, and blast the Brown\'s house into pieces. Their ship explodes, supposedly killing all the Critters. The bounty hunters leave in their ship after giving Brad a strange, remote-like device. The Brown\'s house is repaired in less than a minute, with a push of a button on the remote control. At the very end, the camera zooms into the barn, where Critter eggs can be seen.'] ['While walking home from school, high school students Shō Fukamachi and Mizuki Segawa accidentally discover one of three Bio Booster Armor units stolen from the Chronos Corporation. When Shō and Mizuki are attacked by a Zoanoid, the unit comes into contact with Shō and bonds with him, transforming him into Guyver I and promptly destroying the Zoanoid assailant. Meanwhile, a female Chronos agent named Valcuria acquires a second unit and becomes Guyver II. She then abducts Mizuki in order to challenge Shō for the Guyver I unit.'] ['In the year 2068, Earth can no longer sustain human life with its natural resources depleted beyond repair. Whereas other companies are seeking to colonize the Moon, Calron sets its aim much higher: the planet Oxygen whose potential could save billions of lives. However, since it is 20,000 light-years away, a technology known as DST  has to be used to get there. A team, led by Cain , arrives but soon discover that it is home to a terror in the form of voracious, enormous, prehistoric bears and the planet itself is in an unstable condition. The team soon tries to escape from the planet, but are confronted by many ordeals. By the time the movie is over, the only one left alive is Allison Carlson , who manages to teleport back to Earth.'] ['{{plot|datePart onePart two The creature befriends an elderly blind peasant. The blind man is eager to introduce his new friend to his grandchildren Felix and Agatha, the latter of whom the creature becomes enamored by. For many days the creature hides from them when they return home, afraid of letting anyone see his face, a habit the blind man attributes only to shyness. Felix and Agatha choose to surprise their grandfather\'s friend by turning up unexpectedly, but upon seeing the creature, Agatha flees into the woods in terror while Felix attacks. In self-defense, the creature reflexively flings Felix away, smashing Felix\'s skull. He then pursues Agatha into the woods, but as she runs from him she stumbles into the path of a horse-drawn carriage. Agatha is run over and killed. The creature takes the body and carries it back to Frankenstein\'s laboratory, intent on asking his creator to restore her to life. He arrives to find that Victor has long since left and that the laboratory is now occupied by Dr. Polidori, the crippled former mentor of Clerval. Having become aware of Victor\'s failed experiment and discovering that Henry Clerval\'s brain resides in the creature\'s body, Polidori agrees to help the creature\'s beloved Agatha. Victor, having abandoned his experiments after the creature\'s apparent suicide, has now returned to his country house to marry Elizabeth. On the day of his wedding he is visited by Polidori, who uses the fact of the creature\'s existence to blackmail Victor into helping him create a female being. In exchange, Polidori promises that Victor will be forever free of them all once the experiment is complete. Victor reluctantly agrees, and much to Elizabeth\'s dismay leaves her alone on their wedding night to join Polidori in his laboratory. Polidori reveals that it was he who perfected the preservation and reanimation of dead flesh. He scoffs at the use of solar power and blames the procedure as the reason for the Creature\'s degeneration. Clerval had apparently stolen Polidori\'s secrets and left the helpless Polidori without assistance. Desiring fame and racing against his own increasing weakness, Clerval came to believe the solar route would be a quicker and simpler way to accomplish the same goal. Keeping the creature locked away like an animal, Polidori employs Victor in attaching Agatha\'s head to a new body. Together, they bring to life a beautiful female creature whom Polidori names Prima. Victor believes himself forever free of both his creature and Polidori and leaves for a several months-long honeymoon with Elizabeth. Polidori insinuates his "ward" Prima and himself into the Fanshawe household. Enraged at seeing Polidori, Frankenstein reluctantly complies with his wishes and decides not to interfere with Polidori\'s plan. It becomes evident that Prima is evil, and Elizabeth grows increasingly wary of the young woman after she catches her deliberately trying to strangle a household cat. Suspicious about the decorative neck choker which Prima insists on wearing, Elizabeth spies on Prima as she sleeps and sees with horror the stitches on her neck where her head has been attached. She begs Victor to dismiss her from the house. At the laboratory Victor confronts Polidori, who tells him that he and Prima will be moving on shortly. As a show of good faith that he now really means to set Victor free, Polidori hypnotizes the creature and puts him to sleep at the edge of a vat of acid. The servants are about to push him in but, at the last moment, Victor cries out for the creature to wake up. He does so, hurling one of the servants into the acid as Polidori locks him in the basement. Polidori has his remaining servant set fire to the building with the creature trapped inside and chastises Victor for his hypocrisy, telling him that he loved his creature "so long as it was pretty, but when it lost its looks that was a different matter!" The volatile chemicals still stored in the building explode, leveling the chateau. Later on, a ball to present Prima to society is held at the Fanshawe mansion. Prima performs a delightful ballet routine which impresses all the guests. Beaming with pride, Polidori finally explains to a drunken Victor his true plan: to use the stunning Prima as a courtesan to the rich and powerful, with the ultimate plan of gaining international political influence. At that moment, Frankenstein\'s badly burned creature bursts into the ballroom. Scattering the guests, he makes his way towards Prima. He rips away the now savage Prima\'s neckband, revealing her neck scar to the horrified crowd. After a tussle, where the guests try to keep a crazed Prima from reaching the monster, he succeeds in literally pulling off her head, dropping it at Polidori\'s feet. The ballroom is left in chaos and destruction. The next day a police investigation begins and Victor attempts to confess. Elizabeth intervenes, convincing the inspector in charge that Victor has been suffering from mental strain and that Polidori is responsible for everything. Elizabeth and Victor choose to leave England and voyage to America to begin life anew. Victor and Elizabeth board the ship but find that Polidori is also on board. He insists that Victor and he will continue their experiments in America and will not accept their refusal. Elizabeth witnesses the creature hiding in Polidori\'s cabin. She locks Polidori in the cabin with the creature and takes the key. When she tells Victor what she has done, his sense of morality urges him to set Polidori free. He does, but the creature pursues Polidori onto the deck. The creature ties a rope around Polidori and hoists him high into the lightning storm above. In an attempt to stop Polidori\'s murder, Victor is struck by a swinging plank and falls to the deck unconscious. The ship\'s crew flee in a lifeboat, leaving only Victor, Elizabeth and the creature on board. Elizabeth cruelly and rather unwisely taunts the creature with the knowledge of her pregnancy. Enraged, the mind of Clerval surfaces, and the creature kills her. The Clerval part of the creature carefully observes and treats Victor\'s condition, after having lashed the wheel of the ship on a heading straight for the uncharted wilderness of the North Pole. When Victor finally awakens, he finds the frozen body of Elizabeth on deck and the ship itself locked in ice. Victor sees the creature\'s footprints leading away from the ship, making their way across the ice plain to what appears to be a cavern at the base of a large iceberg. Victor follows him, overcome by remorse, realizing that this whole tragedy was caused by his rejection of the helpless, deteriorating creature, who upon Victor\'s death will be utterly alone, cursed with an "iron body" that, even here, will keep him alive against his will. Victor begs the Creature\'s forgiveness; the sound of his shouts sets off an ice avalanche. As tons of ice begin to fall upon them both, the Creature  forgives his creator.'] ['When a series of unexplained vicious animal attacks strikes his community, Sheriff Jim Tanner and his assistant Barbara trace them back to a Dr. Hyde, a former military researcher whose government funding for a dinosaur cloning project was cut. When the Pentagon discovers Hyde obtained foreign backing to continue his experiments, they send in a strike team to save Tanner and Barbara and stop Hyde.'] ["The central plot of the film revolves around the titular spider invasion, which occurs when what appears to be a meteorite crashes down in rural Wisconsin, and spawns spiders of varying sizes. Subplots include: * Dan Kester and his hate/hate relationship with his wife, Ev * Dan's adulterous affair with local barmaid Helga * Dave Perkins' attempts to make out with Ev's sister Terry * A fundamentalist preacher leading a revival meeting * Drs. Vance and Langer getting involved in somewhat of a romance  * The eventual panic that results when the townspeople are confronted with the spider The invasion is deduced  to be the result of some sort of interdimensional gateway, and is ultimately thwarted when Drs. Vance and Langer manage to close off the gateway, draining the spiders of their energy and causing them to melt into puddles of disgusting sludge."] ['The movie begins in the year 2032, when an expedition on Mars finds a buried egg that they take to the ship. The egg hatches, revealing a crystal and  a slimy creature that hides on the ship. After the astronauts decided to use the crystal on a large laser cannon, they all die when their air supply runs out. Two months later another expedition comes on board, but they end up stranded when their shuttle explodes. When they start to explore the ship , a mysterious creature starts to kill them all, until it takes control of the ship. Then, with only two crew members alive, the creature reveals itself: its name is Gar, the crystal is an advanced computer, and through reading an electronic bible, it discovered that the humans are not as belligerent as it first thought - all the killings, it explains, were just misunderstandings, the creature was afraid of the humans. It repairs the ship and helps the humans to get home.'] ['During a space flight to Saturn, three astronauts are exposed to a blast of radiation which kills two of them and seriously injures the third, Steve West . He is next shown unconscious in a hospital back on Earth, with bandages covering his face; his physician, Dr. Loring , cannot explain what is happening to West or how he survived the blast. After the doctor leaves, West awakens and is horrified to find the flesh on his face and hands melting away. Hysterical, he attacks and kills a nurse , then escapes the hospital in a panic. Loring and Dr. Theodore "Ted" Nelson , a scientist and friend of West, discover that the nurse\'s corpse is emitting feeble radiation, and realize West\'s body has become radioactive. Nelson believes West has gone insane, and concludes he must consume human flesh in order to slow the melting. Nelson calls General Michael Perry , a United States Air Force officer familiar with West\'s accident, and the general agrees to help Nelson find him. West attacks and kills a fisherman in a wood, then encounters and frightens a little girl  there, but she escapes unharmed. Nelson tracks West by following his radiation trail with a geiger counter, but only finds his detached ear stuck to a tree branch, not West himself. Perry arrives by plane, and is picked up by Nelson; shortly thereafter, they visit the crime scene where the fisherman\'s body was found. Sheriff Neil Blake  suspects that Nelson knows something, but Nelson tells the sheriff nothing because Perry earlier told him information about West is classified. Later that night, Nelson returns home to his pregnant wife Judy , who tells him that her elderly mother Helen  and Helen\'s boyfriend Harold  are coming over for dinner. On their way, however, Helen and Harold are attacked by West in their car, and he kills them both. When Blake finds the bodies, he calls Nelson, who comes out to identify them. After Blake angrily demands an explanation, Nelson reluctantly reveals West\'s condition. Nelson believes West is somehow getting stronger the more his body decomposes. Back at Nelson\'s house, West attacks and kills Perry, although Judy is not harmed. Nelson and Blake arrive just as West escapes. West then stumbles upon the home of a married couple . West kills the man and attacks his wife, but she drives him away after chopping his arm off with a kitchen knife. Blake receives a call about the attack and takes Nelson with him to investigate. They follow West to a giant power plant, and then up several flights of outside stairways. Blake tries to shoot West with a shotgun, but the blasts do not stop West, who throws the sheriff over the railing into power lines, killing him. West hits Nelson and knocks him over the railing, leaving the doctor hanging on the side. Nelson appeals to West, reminding him that they were friends, and West decides to pull Nelson to safety. Two armed security guards then arrive and, in a panic, fatally shoot Nelson as he tries to protect West. An infuriated West kills the security guards and stumbles away. After collapsing against the side of a building, he slowly melts completely away. The next morning, a janitor finds his gory remains and casually mops them into a garbage can. The film ends with a radio news report about a fresh astronaut team being sent to Saturn, implying the possibility of a future accident.'] ["Sir Geoffrey Radcliffe  is sentenced to death for the murder of his brother Michael, a crime he did not commit. Dr. Frank Griffin, the brother of the original invisible man, injects the prisoner with an invisibility drug. As Radcliffe's execution nears, he suddenly vanishes from his cell. Detective Sampson  from the Scotland Yard guesses the truth while Radcliffe searches for the real murderer before the drug causes him to go insane. The Radcliffe family owns a mining operation. The recently-hired employee Willie Spears  is promoted within the company, stirring Radcliffe's suspicions. After forcing Spear's car off the road, Spears is scared into revealing that Richard Cobb , Radcliffe's cousin, is the murderer. After a confrontation, a chase scene ensues during which Radcliffe is struck by a bullet from Sampson. Cobb is killed falling from a coal wagon, but not before confessing to the murder. Radcliffe, dying from blood loss and exposure, makes his way to Dr. Griffin. A transfusion of blood makes Radcliffe visible, allowing the doctor to operate and save his life."] ['The film opens with a man , cutting open a massive gash in his leg and then shoving a large threaded steel rod into the wound. Later, upon seeing maggots festering in the wound, he screams, runs out into the street, and is hit by a car. The driver of the car, a Japanese businessman , and his girlfriend  try to cover up the mess by dumping the body into a ravine, but the dumped man gets revenge by forcing the businessman\'s body to gradually metamorphose into a walking pile of scrap metal. This process starts when the driver finds a piece of metal stuck in his cheek while shaving. He tries to remove it, but realizes it is growing from the inside. The scene shifts to the businessman at his home having breakfast, with a bandage over his cheek. The businessman receives a phone call, consisting of nothing but him and the other speaker  continuously saying "Hello?" to each other and thinking back to having sex after dumping the Metal Fetishist. The first of several highly stylized chase scenes starts with the driver pursued through an underground train station by a woman whose body has been taken over by the Metal Fetishist. The businessman seems to win this encounter by breaking the back of the radically transformed woman  after even more metal has erupted on his ankles and arm. The next segment is a terrifying dream sequence where the businessman\'s girlfriend, transformed into an exotic dancer with a snake-like metal probe, terrorizes and rapes the businessman. After waking from this dream, the businessman and his girlfriend have sex at his apartment and eat erotically. As she eats each bite given to her, he hears the sounds of metal scraping. The businessman suddenly discovers his penis has mutated into a gargantuan power drill. A fight ensues where the businessman terrorizes his girlfriend, and acquires more and more metal on his body. She fights back and in the end impales herself on his drill and dies. Helpless to do anything, the businessman, now the Iron Man, is visited by the Metal Fetishist, who emerges from his dead girlfriend\'s corpse to show him a vision of a "New World" of nothing but metal and turn his cats into grotesque metal creatures. The Iron Man flees and is followed by the Metal Fetishist into an abandoned building. After the Metal Fetishist explains to the Iron Man how both of them became what they are, a final battle ensues. The Iron Man ends by attempting to merge himself with the Fetishist into a horrific two-headed metal monster. The two agree to turn the whole world into metal and rust it, scattering it into the dust of the universe by claiming "Our love can put an end to this fucking world. Let\'s Go!" The duo charges through the streets of Japan in a horrific fusion of the two men and the accumulated metal, in a largely phallic form. The film ends with the words "GAME OVER" as opposed to "The End" after the closing credits.'] ['Chapman University hosts a televised interview with psychologist Dr. Abigail Tyler . She tells a story of a close encounter incident at Nome, Alaska, in October 2000. In August 2000, Tyler\'s husband, Will, is mysteriously murdered one night in his sleep, leaving her to raise their two children, Ashley  and Ronnie . Tyler tapes hypnotherapy sessions with three different patients, all of whom have the same experience: every night they see a white owl staring at them through their windows. Tyler puts two of the three patients under hypnosis, and while under, both patients recount similar terrifying stories of creatures attempting to enter their homes. Tommy Fisher , her first patient to go under hypnosis, returns home, kills his family and commits suicide. After hearing the similarities in the accounts of nightly occurrences, Abbey suspects these patients may have been victims of a non-human kidnapping. There is evidence that she herself may have been abducted when an assistant of hers gives her a tape recorder, the tape plays her voice and then there is the sound of something entering her home and attacking her. The attacker speaks in an unknown language. Abbey, though, has no memory of it. Dr. Abel Campos , a psychologist from Anchorage and Tyler\'s colleague, is suspicious of the claims. Later, Tyler calls upon Dr. Odusami , a specialist in ancient languages who was a contact of her late husband, to identify the mysterious language that is spoken during the supposed abductions. Odusami identifies the language as Sumerian. Later, Tyler\'s daughter, Ashley, is abducted and Sheriff August , not believing in her abduction theory, accuses her of her daughter\'s disappearance and remove Ronnie from her custody. Ronnie, though, goes with them willingly, not believing the alien abduction theory either. Tyler undergoes hypnosis in an attempt to make contact with these beings and reunite with her daughter. Campos and Odusami videotape the session, and once hypnotized, it is revealed that Tyler witnessed the abduction of her daughter and also shows scenes of her own abduction, showing part of the abductors ship and it is hinted that they possibly took some human egg cells from Abbey as well. the camera scrambles, and Abbey begs to the alien that abducted Ashley to return her, the creature replies, saying that its own child was never returned to it and then calls its self the savoir, then the father and finally ends with "i am...God" . when the encounter ends Campos and Odusami rush over to the now unconscious Abbey and then they notice something out of camera\'s view, the camera scrambles again, and a volatile voice yells "Zimabu Eter!" which supposedly translates to "Spirit from whom you cannot be saved" in English. When the camera unscrambles it shows that all three of them are gone. The film cuts to an interview with Tyler in which she explains that all three were abducted during that hypnosis session and none have memory of what happened. The film returns to the aftermath of Abbey\'s hypnosis session. She wakes up in a hospital after breaking her neck in the abduction. There, Sheriff August reveals that Will had actually committed suicide, showing that Abbey\'s belief that he was murdered was merely a delusion. Later it is shown that Abbey is paralyzed, presumably due to her neck injury. The film then returns to the present interview, where the Interviewer asks Abbey how they, he and the viewers, can believe her if most of what she thought was only in her mind, Abbey tearfully tells him that she has to believe that Ashley is still alive, the interviewer ends the interview as Abbey breaks down in tears. In the film\'s epilogue, it states that Abbey was cleared of all charges against her, leaves Alaska for the East Coast, but still continues to search for Ashley. Campos remains a psychologist and Odusami becomes a professor at a Canadian university. Both men, as well as Sheriff August refuse to be involved with the interview, while Abbey\'s son Ronnie remains estranged from Abbey and still blames her for Ashley\'s disappearance. However, Ashley is never found. The TV host then leaves the conclusions up to the viewer. During the credits, audio recordings of people recounting UFO sightings begin to play.'] [' The film is presented as found footage from a personal video camera recovered by the United States Department of Defense. A disclaimer text states that the footage is of a case designated "Cloverfield" and was found in the area "formerly known as Central Park". The video consists chiefly of segments taped the night of Friday, May 22, 2009. The newer segments were taped over older video that is shown occasionally. The first video segment opens when Rob wakes up on the morning of Monday, April 27 having slept with Beth, a previously platonic friend. They make plans to go to Coney Island that day. The footage cuts to May 22, when Rob\'s brother Jason and his girlfriend Lily prepare a farewell party for Rob who will be moving to Japan. Their friend Hud uses the camera to film testimonials. After Beth leaves the party, an apparent earthquake strikes, and the city suffers a brief power outage. The local news reports that an oil tanker has capsized near Liberty Island. When the party-goers leave the building, they see the head of the Statue of Liberty crash into the street with several stunning scratch and bite marks. Hud records what appears to be a hand of a large creature several blocks away. The monster causes the Woolworth Building to collapse. Later, during the evacuation of the city, a gigantic tail destroys the Brooklyn Bridge, also killing Jason. News reports show the Army National Guard\'s 42nd Infantry Division attacking the monster and smaller "parasite" creatures falling off its body and attacking people.The creatures are called HSP or "Human Scale Parasites" in the Blu-ray special investigation mode. Rob listens to a phone message from Beth saying she is trapped in her apartment and unable to move. Going against the crowd, Rob, Hud, Lily, and Marlena  venture to Midtown Manhattan to rescue Beth. They are attacked by several of the "parasite" creatures; Marlena is bitten by one of them. They come across a command center and field hospital, where Marlena dies. One of the military leaders tells the group when the last evacuation helicopter will depart before the military executes its "Hammer Down Protocol", which will destroy Manhattan. The group rescues Beth, who was impaled on a piece of rebar. The four make their way to the evacuation site, where they encounter the monster once more over Grand Central Terminal. Lily is raced into one departing Marine Corps helicopter. Moments later, Rob, Beth and Hud are taken away in a second helicopter and witness a U.S. Air Force B-2 Spirit bomb the monster. The monster falls, then lunges at the helicopter, causing it to crash into Central Park.  The film skips to less than an hour later, with a voice on the crashed helicopter\'s radio warning that the Hammer Down protocol will begin in 15 minutes. The three friends regain consciousness and flee the helicopter. As they leave, the monster kills Hud. Rob and Beth grab the camera and take shelter under Greyshot Arch in Central Park as air raid sirens begin to blare and bombing starts. Rob and Beth take turns leaving their last testimonies of the day, which Rob mentions as Saturday, May 23. The bridge crumbles and debris covers the camera.According to the "military intelligence" in the special investigation mode of the Blu-ray version, this was the only thing that protected the camera during the Hammer Down protocol The film then cuts to the footage of Rob and Beth\'s Coney Island date on April 27. In the distance, unnoticed by Rob and Beth, a large object falls into the ocean.'] ['Set in a world devastated by a neurological pandemic, the film focuses on two survivors who meet on an isolated farm in Scotland, where they encounter an enemy even deadlier than the one outside. Though ostensibly a zombie film, the film concentrates on the psychological states of the lead characters.{{cite news}}'] ['One peaceful day in 1959, suddenly thousands of fishes washed out the shore. All was burned with radioactivity. And then, Tom Trevethan, an old fishermen is also burned with radioactivity. His last word was "behemoth". A huge ship, the "Triton" is also sunk and burned. Professor James Bickford, a marine biologist is also don\'t knowing what could do this all. Then, in the harbor, a man named John witnessed and photographed a strange head with a long neck of a creature. Dr. Sampson Karnes, a paleontologist identifyed it as "Paleosaurus" a prehistoric gargantuan dinosaur. He founds that the dinosaur is saturated by radiation. His genius 19-years old son Steve Karnes, suggested maybe the dinosaur is awakened by the atomic bomb tests in the Atlantic Ocean. Then, he got the ability to breathe radioactive fire. Then, suddenly, the Behemoth  surfaces in London! Behemoth wreaks havoc in the city, destroying everything in his path. Innocent peoples fell as unfortunate victims killed in the rampage, and the city was destroyed. Buildings burned, trucks were thrown, streets were in panic and ruins, then many peoples screamed and run. But, Steve had an idea. He told military to set 3000 volts of electric fences, and they do that. But, the electricity just make the Behemoth stronger. The plan backfires, and the Behemoth returned to the sea. But, thinking of the radiation, Steve makes a new idea. He invents a special gun. He knows something. Just two days later, Behemoth was found. He was moving, but Steve sets his plan. A mini-sub officer lures Behemoth to resurface in London. Then, Steve sets his newly-invented special "missile gun". He inserts the bullet: a special anti-nuclear cadmium isotope. The anti-nuclear isotope was made to a missile, and Behemoth wreaks havoc in the streets, destroying everything with his radioactive fire breath that was shoot from his mouth, claws, arms, tail and big foot. But, this time, Steve\'s plan was successful. The Behemoth was near the Empire State Building, when Steve was inside. He shoots the anti-nuclear cadmium isotope to the Behemoth\'s chest, piercing the Behemoth\'s heart. The Behemoth roared in pain as the isotope began to take effect on his radiation, and slowly killing him. Behemoth fell to the ground, and disintegrates to small nucleic particles. Steve looks, as the giant monster fades, his parts flew to the sky. Maybe, the humans had make a big mistake, and a bigger threat will came somehow....'] ["Roughly two years after the events of Species, an American space mission lands on Mars, and collects soil samples. Back on board, the temperature on the ship thaws out frozen DNA in the soil samples, which then attempts to infect the astronauts. The mission safely returns to earth to universal cheering. Only Dr. Cromwell, a scientist and now an inmate in an asylum, reacts to their return with violent fits. After their return, the three astronauts are examined and quarantined to prevent them from engaging in sexual intercourse for 10 days. However, one of the astronauts - Patrick Ross - immediately disregards the advice and sleeps with two women that night . During intercourse with the second woman, slimy tentacles emerge from his body. The woman notices him transforming into an alien when she touches his tentacles while rubbing her hands all over his body. Both women undergo an accelerated pregnancy in which their stomachs split open like a flower and half-alien children emerge, killing them in the process. Patrick hides the rapidly growing alien children inside a remote shed and, the next day, tries to confide in his father, an ambitious U.S. Senator, who ignores his problems. Under military supervision, scientists led by Dr. Laura Baker have created a more docile clone of Sil, named Eve, in an effort to understand the alien life form and prepare for defense should it ever arrive on earth. An isolated Eve - undergoing tests in the lab - shows signs of great physiological excitement every time Patrick has sex with women. At the space center, Dr. Orinsky is working on the astronauts' blood samples and urgently tries to contact Cromwell, his former colleague. Afterwards, Patrick's blood sample falls to the floor and seeps into the wall. When Orinsky examines the strange puddle, an arm bursts out of the wall and disembowels Orinsky. The arm is then revealed to be that of Patrick, who has somehow snuck into the lab. Analysis of the corpse reveals the presence of alien DNA, similar to, yet distinct from, Eve's. Baker is reunited with Press Lennox to contain the threat. The two contact Cromwell, who explains that Mars was rendered uninhabitable by an alien species, and that he was institutionalized to silence his opposition to the Mars mission. With the quarantine about to expire, Press and Laura begin searching for the astronauts. They find astronaut Anne Sampas, who is also infected with alien DNA. Unfortunately, by the time they locate her, she has just had unprotected intercourse with her human husband and has become impregnated with another alien offspring. The tube-like creature emerges from Anne's womb and latches onto the husband's face, presumably suffocating him and feeding on his organs. Press and Laura then break into the bedroom and discover the alien. They shoot the creature and then gas it to death as it retracts back into Anne's body. Anne and her husband also die in the process. Dennis Gamble is located and taken by government agents. Analysis of his blood reveals that he was not infected. Later on, he joins Press and Laura in their mission. After spending the night with his fiancée , Patrick wakes to find her mutilated body and another alien child. Horrified at what he has done, he shoots himself along with the last trace of the human psyche within him. His head immediately regenerates and he is reborn as a whole alien where the one thing on his mind is sex. Patrick has sex with as many women as he can  impregnating them in the process, burying them next to his shed where he is accumulating a large virulent brood of alien children. At the lab, the scientists activate Eve's alien DNA to telepathically track Patrick. Eve traces Patrick, who is about to rape another woman. However, Patrick also locates Eve and, in order to get closer to her, gives himself up to Press and Dennis. As he enters the lab, Eve shows signs of being in heat. Patrick tries to enter her isolation cell but is chased off by Laura, Dennis and Press. Informed of his son's condition, Ross refuses to be of help and instead meets Patrick at the shed. The two tearfully reconcile but Patrick's alien nature kills his father. Patrick then helps his alien children to cocoon, awaiting their rebirth as adults where his daughters will find human males to have sex with and his sons will find human females to have sex with while Patrick continues to have sex with human females until the human population is wiped out. Meanwhile, Laura finds out that Dennis has resisted infection due to his carrying a genetic flaw, and plans to infect the alien species with Dennis' DNA, as the species lacks immunity to human genetic diseases. As the team prepares, Eve breaks free from the lab to find Patrick. The team tails her, finds the shed and kills Patrick's brood. Eve and Patrick start to mate and transform into their alien forms, but are interrupted by Press. Alien-Patrick fights off Press and Dennis and also overpowers Alien-Eve , penetrating and killing her in the process. Press stabs Alien-Patrick in the back with a pitchfork coated with Dennis' blood, causing Alien-Patrick to eventually disintegrate. The military finally arrives and escorts Press, Laura and the injured Dennis. Eve's lifeless human body is loaded into the back of an ambulance. As the vehicle departs, Eve's womb begins to swell, indicating an imminent birth, as one of Patrick's children, who had not yet cocooned, looks on."] ["While searching for an elixir of life, Dr. Henry Jekyll begins using female hormones taken from fresh cadavers supplied by Burke and Hare, reasoning that these hormones will help him to extend his life since women traditionally live for longer than men. These have the effect of not only altering his character  but also of changing his gender, transforming him into a beautiful but evil woman. To explain the sudden appearance of his female half around the house, he calls himself Mrs. Hyde, saying she is Jekyll's widowed sister. Dr. Jekyll soon falls in love with Susan Spencer, the upstairs tenant, but Sister Hyde develops a lust for her brother. Dr. Jekyll soon finds that his serum requires a regular supply of female hormones to maintain its effect, necessitating the killing of young girls. Burke and Hare supply his needs but their criminal activities are uncovered. Burke is lynched by a mob and Hare blinded. The doctor decides to take the matters into his own hands and commits the murders attributed to Jack the Ripper. Dr. Jekyll abhors this, but Sister Hyde relishes the killings as she begins to take control, even killing Jekyll's friend Professor Robertson when he attempts to question Hyde about the murders. As the two personalities begin to struggle for dominance, Dr. Jekyll only just manages to thwart Sister Hyde's attempt to kill Susan. He then commits one last murder to find a way to stabilize his condition, but he is interrupted by the police after a comment by Hare leads them to realize the similarity between Jekyll's earlier experiments on cadavers and the Ripper murders. As Dr. Jekyll tries to escape by climbing along the outside of a building, he transforms into Sister Hyde, who, lacking his strength, falls to the ground, dying as a twisted amalgamation of male and female."] ['As the story opens, a Corporal Bower ([[Ben Foster  and a Lieutenant Payton  wake up from hypersleep aboard the sleeper ship Elysium. The ship is on a mission from an overpopulated Earth to the earth-like extrasolar planet Tanis on a colonizing mission. With no recent memory and the ship racked by power surges from its unstable reactor, Payton sends Bower to stabilize the reactor, since his position and latent memories imply that he is an engineer. While making his way through the ship, Bower finds emaciated corpses and has to avoid strange, pale humanoid beasts who use bladed weapons and lassos to catch and kill their prey. He also finds several people who had been awake far longer than he and Payton, including a genetic engineer named Nadia  and an agricultural expert called Manh . During his journey, Bower experiences the physical symptoms of a mental disorder encountered in long periods of space travel, called ‘Pandorum’. At one point, Payton tells of a prior case where the captain of a passenger ship went mad with the syndrome and, believing the flight was cursed, ejected all the passengers and himself into space, dooming them all. On the flight deck, Payton discovers another crew member, Corporal Gallo , who reveals that he was part of the flight crew that received a final message from Earth, saying that the planet had been destroyed and the only hope for humanity was the Elysium. He claims that his other two crew mates suffered from an onset of Pandorum, and that he had to kill them in self-defense. Payton is wary of Gallo, noting his strange behavior. It is eventually shown that Gallo has Pandorum and is dangerously insane. Avoiding the creatures, Bower, Manh and Nadia find their way into an enclosed area where another survivor called Leland . While gassing his visitors with the purpose of using them as food, Leland tells them the origins of the ships and the creatures, using self-drawn murals on the walls; after the final message from Earth was received, one of the flight crew was overcome with Pandorum and killed his two crew-mates, eventually sinking into a delusion that he was a god of the ship. Alone and insane, the \'god-devil\' released several hundred of the passengers and sent them down into the massive hold to fight for survival, all as part of a sadistic game. Eventually bored with his game, the crew member went into hypersleep and the awakened passengers had to survive and fight each other. Eventually, because a special enzyme given to the passengers during hypersleep to help them adapt to conditions on Tanis, the survivors evolved into the tribal creatures that now roam the ship. While Payton tries to keep Gallo under control on the bridge, even sealing him inside a hibernation pod, Bower convinces Leland to keep them alive so they can reboot the reactor and save the ship from destruction. They manage this, barely, and begin to make their way to the bridge, but Manh is killed on the way by a baby creature, though he manages to kill their leader . On the bridge, after Payton injects Gallo with a sedative during a fight, the shocking truth is revealed; Payton is Gallo. He had lost all his memories during his hibernation, but regains them after injecting himself during his delirium. He then kills Leland, who arrives before the others. When Bower and Nadia arrive, Payton admits his actions and tries to make Bower succumb to Pandorum by showing him where the Elysium is now; it crashed on Tanis, and is now lying in the alien world\'s ocean: the 123-year mission has extended into 923 years. As Payton rants about building a new humanity within the ship  and Bower fights his descent into madness, Nadia attacks Payton, but he easily defeats her. Bower manages to overcome his condition and breaks the window of the ship, getting himself and Nadia into a hibernation pod and activating the pod-jettison action, sending everyone who is still alive to safety, while Payton and the creatures are killed as the ship is flooded. The final shot shows a view of Tanis, an Earth-like planet with two moons. A title card appears displaying: "Tanis, Year One: Population 1,213..."'] ['A lonely teenage horror-movie fan named Michael Brower  discovers a mysterious computer game that uses hypnosis to custom-tailor the game into the most terrifying experience imaginable. When he emerges from the hypnotic trance, he is horrified to find evidence that the brutal murder depicted in the game actually happened, and he\'s the killer. Add in the appearance of the mysterious Trickster , and the murderous madness jumps to the next level. Hounded by his best friend Kyle Hilliard  and Police Detective Hayden , and hiding the truth from girl next door and crush Kimberly , Michael\'s world comes crashing down in a hectic cacophony that is sure to make one think, "Are you sure you wanna play?" He moves from level to level, each time trying to keep from being caught, even killing Kyle. It all comes to a climax when the Trickster tells Michael he must kill Kimberly. Michael sneaks into her room while she sleeps, but refuses to go through with it. The Trickster reveals he is Michael  and possessed Michael, the struggle of which wakes Kimberly. Kimberly reveals that she loves Michael, which allows him to break free. However, the Trickster opens Kimberly\'s door, allowing Hayden to come in and shoot Michael. He awakens to discover the whole experience was just the game. He joyfully discovers Kyle is still alive and that nothing in the game had happened. He goes over to Kimberly\'s party  and asks her out, which she replies with "maybe" before giving him a kiss. The movie concludes with Michael giving his Principal  Brainscan. As he turns back, he sees the trickster and smiles, knowing he has passed on his curse. Tagline: Wanna play? I dare you!'] ["Sam Phillips  and his child Tony  are playing outside their farm. The father is abducted by a strong light. Three years later, the light returns, and plants a seed. A half-human half-alien creature grows up, and when it moves it is run over by a car. Ben  is attacked and killed when he looks for the runaway man. Jane  is also killed. The creature  moves to a cottage nearby and attacks a woman , leaving her pregnant. When she returns to consciousness, she gives birth to a full-formed Sam and dies. Sam steals Ben's clothes and drives his car, without bothering to get rid of Jane's corpse, which will be found by a lorry-driver  Sam seeks Tony, who lives in a condominium building in London, with his mother , her new boyfriend Joe Daniels , and a French au-pair Analise Mercier . Rachel and Joe are professional photographers and share a studio downtown. Many nights, Tony has got nightmares. He wakes up soaked in blood, but it's not his, as the family doctor  discovers. Sam picks Tony up from school, until Rachel finds them. Although Joe doesn't like it -he intends to marry Rachel- Sam goes to live with them, saying he can't remember anything. Tony sees him eating his pet snake's eggs and runs from him. Sam goes after him, talking to him smoothly, and drinks his blood. Rachel finds Jane's photo in Sam's clothes, but he can't remember her either. Tony discovers he has certain powers now, so he sends a human-size soldier toy  to kill their nasty neighbour Mrs Goodman , in revenge for killing his pet snake. Also, a teddy-clown becomes a human-like clown  Sam and Rachel both decide to visit their former residence, the farm, while leaving Tony at Analise's regard. However, she brings Esteban, her boyfriend, and they make love. Tony demands to play hide-and-see with her. She does so, only to be used as a kind of womb for the alien eggs by Tony and the clown. Tony sends a toy to kill Esteban. He discovers Analise and runs away, but a puma kills him. The building-keeper is also killed when Rachel asks him to watch Tony, as nobody answers the phone at home. Sam and Rachel make love in the abandoned farm , but she gets afraid because his skin starts to bleed and decompose. Joe has taken Tony there. Sam and Tony go up a hill towards the alien light. Sam has become a disgusting skeleton, but shouts and kills Joe. Tony's skin is also decomposing, but not so much. Rachel goes back to the flat on her own, only to be attacked by the clown and panther."] ['The film is about the attempts to keep alive the brain of a multimillionaire after his death, only to create a telepathic monster. The man then takes over the medical assistant\'s mind, and the "lady" of the title has to fight it.'] ['British animal liberation activists break into a laboratory in Cambridge and are caught by a scientist while trying to free some chimpanzees being used for medical research. Despite the warnings of the chief scientist that the chimps are infected with a virus dubbed "Rage," which he claims is highly contagious and only takes one bite to spread, the activists open the cages anyway and release the chimpanzees. A chimp attacks a female activist and immediately infects her, and she in turn infects the other members of the group, including the chief scientist when he attempts to kill her. 28 days after the events, a bicycle courier named Jim  awakens from a coma in St Thomas\' Hospital. He finds the hospital deserted and seemingly empty. He finds a medical suit and dresses. Outside, he discovers London deserted with signs of catastrophe everywhere. Jim then wanders into a seemingly abandoned church, only to alert a small group of Rage-infected people who were hiding there. As he tries to approach a priest who\'s been infected, they spot him and try to attack him, giving chase. At the last minute, he is saved by Selena  and Mark , who throw Molotov cocktails at Jim\'s pursuers, resulting in the blowing up of a petrol station. Afterwards, they rush him to their hideout in the London Underground. There they reveal that while Jim was comatose from his accident, an unknown virus spread uncontrollably among the populace, turning most people into rabid, psychotic "infected," resulting in societal collapse. They also explain that infection has been reported in Paris and New York City. The next morning, Selena and Mark accompany Jim to his parents\' house in Deptford where he discovers that they have committed suicide, leaving a note for him. That night, two of the infected see a candle Jim lights in the kitchen and attack. Mark is badly cut and covered in infected blood; Selena quickly kills him, later explaining to Jim that the Rage virus overwhelms its victims in no more than 20 seconds. This necessitates the immediate killing of people who may have been infected. She also assures him that, should he get infected, she would kill him "in a heartbeat." After leaving, they discover two more survivors, Frank  a cab driver, and his teenage daughter, Hannah , holed up in a block of flats, and are invited to spend the rest of the night with them. Frank informs them the next day that supplies, particularly water, are dwindling, and plays them a pre-recorded radio broadcast apparently transmitted by an Army blockade near Manchester, who claim to have "the answer to infection" and invite any survivor to try to reach their safe haven. The survivors board Frank\'s cab in search of the signal source and during the trip bond with one another in various situations. When the four reach the deserted blockade, Frank is infected when a drop of blood from a dead body falls into his eye. As he succumbs, he is killed by the arriving soldiers, who then take the remaining group to a fortified mansion under the command of Major Henry West . After settling in the mansion, West promises the three protection from the infected. However, Jim quickly discovers that West\'s "answer to infection" involves waiting for the infected to starve to death, and his broadcast of the radio message was launched to attract female survivors into sexual slavery to rebuild the population with his platoon\'s members. Jim attempts to escape with Selena and Hannah, but is captured by the soldiers, along with a Sergeant Farrell , who disagrees with the major\'s plan and tried to stop the other soldiers from imprisoning the group. During their imprisonment, Farrell theorizes that there is no worldwide pandemic, and that only Great Britain has been quarantined, which is proved when a plane flies over, possibly a NATO plane scouting the land. The next day, Selena and Hannah are made to dress in evening wear and prepare for rape, as two soldiers lead Jim and Farrell to be executed. After his escorts quarrel after killing Farrell, Jim manages to escape and notices the contrail of a jet aircraft flying high overhead, which largely confirms Farrell\'s theory. After luring West and one of his men to the blockade and ambushing them, Jim runs back to the soldiers\' headquarters where he unleashes Mailer, an infected soldier whom West kept chained outside for observation. Mailer attacks the soldiers in the mansion, while Jim sets out to rescue the girls, who had been split up in the chaos. Selena, held hostage by Corporal Mitchell , is then rescued by Jim, who arrives and savagely kills Mitchell with his bare hands. Selena mistakes Jim for an infected and raises her machete to kill him, but when she hesitates, Jim remarks, "That was longer than a heartbeat." The two kiss, reunite with Hannah, and run to Frank\'s cab, only to encounter a vengeful West, who shoots Jim in the stomach. Hannah commandeers the cab and backs it up to the front door, where Mailer drags West out through the rear window and kills him. She then drives away with Jim and Selena. Selena and Hannah rush Jim to a deserted hospital, where Selena performs life-saving emergency procedures, but to no avail, as he falls into the coma again. They leave with his body. 28 days later, Jim is shown waking up in recovery again, this time at a remote cottage. Downstairs, he finds Selena sewing large swaths of fabric when Hannah appears. The three rush outside and unfurl a huge cloth banner, adding the final letter to the word "HELLO" laid out on the meadow. As a lone Hawker Hunter T.7 fighter jet flies over the landscape, infected people are shown lying by the side of a road, dying of starvation. The jet flies past the three waving survivors and their distress sign and calls in a rescue helicopter. As it flies away Selena says with a smile, "Do you think they saw us this time?"'] ["During secret subterranean scientific experiment, studying effects of artificially created excessive daytime sleepiness, the portal to a parallel universe was discovered. There is no escaping Shadowzone. While there, even thoughts can betray you. That's a lesson learned too late by NASA hyper-sleep researchers. Through the dimension comes an alien invader that disturbs the experiment, taking the shape of each person's most morbid fear. Only two of the characters survive at the end of the movie."] ['Ian Stone is an average man. He loves ice hockey but lives for his girlfriend, Jenny Walker. Late one night while driving home from a painful loss on the ice, Ian comes across a bewildering discovery; what looks like a dead body near the railroad tracks. Investigating the grisly discovery, Ian is attacked by the "corpse", forced onto the tracks and subsequently barreled over by an oncoming train. He wakes up in an office cubicle. He\'s still alive, but older and shacked up with a beautiful, but eerily mysterious woman by the name of Medea. Jenny is still there, but she\'s not his girlfriend, just a co-worker and one of a number of apparently familiar faces. Ian meets a strange old man who implies he is in danger. From this old man he learns that he is being hunted by the Harvesters; a group of mind-controlling vampire-like characters who cannot be killed and feed off human fear. He explains that everyday, at different times and different places, the clocks stop and they come after him to kill him. The only problem is that Ian won\'t stay dead. He wakes in a new life, a new place, only for the cycle to repeat itself. Suddenly one of the Harvesters attacks the old man and Ian runs. They chase Ian mercilessly, all the way back to his apartment where Medea, who is clearly one of them, is waiting. Once again, Ian is killed. He wakes to find he\'s a junkie in a rundown apartment, with Jenny living a few doors down. He implores her to remember him, desperately reaching out and searching for someone to help him make sense of what\'s going on. When the Harvesters come again Jenny and Ian have no choice but to run. As they seek refuge on a subway train heading out-of-town, Jenny confesses to her memories of Ian\'s former lives. Later on, the old man meets Ian in the train again while Jenny sleeps. It is then that the old man reveals that he is one of the Harvesters, and hints at Ian\'s involvement with them. When they disembark they are again confronted by a group of Harvesters, a seething mass of pulsating veins, pitch-black muscles and midnight flesh. We recognize some of the barely human faces from Ian\'s previous lives including Medea who reveals a shocking truth: That Ian was one of these monsters until he rebelled against the colony and managed to kill one other Harvester, and Medea used to be his "mate". Medea tries to force Ian to feed again with fear and pain and return back to the "fold", but Ian decides against this. Medea and the Harvesters attack once more, and she explains that his rebellion came after his first encounter with Jenny. So moved was he by the girl, that he wished to live a mortal life with her. Before Medea can harm Jenny, however, a final change comes over Ian with the help of Gray, the Harvester who had helped him before. Apparently Ian found a sustenance that was far superior to fear or pain, and so did the old man: Love. Making this connection to a human being changes the specific nature of a Harvester, which allowed the old man  to kill the members of their kind. Gray had beseeched Ian to protect Jenny out of experience; having lost his love to the Harvesters, he could only feed on fear once again and spent what remained of his life slowly starving himself while trying to find love another time. Imploring Ian to feed off him and tap into those emotions of affection and kinship, Gray passes while restoring Ian. In doing so, Ian regains his true power: His Harvester-self is finally born out of his human flesh, uniquely exuding goodness rather than malevolence. He now has the capacity to turn the tables on these creatures and to feed on their fear and to give life. He then goes after Jenny, who is being actively stalked by his former clan. After saving Jenny, Ian creates a new life for them, with Ian as a successful professional hockey player with Jenny at his side. While Jenny has no recollection of their harrowing adventure, Ian, having realized his abilities, will begin to take the fight to the Harvesters.'] ['In 2047, the rescue vessel Lewis and Clark is dispatched to answer a distress signal received from the Event Horizon, a starship that disappeared during its maiden voyage to Proxima Centauri seven years prior. Captain Miller  and his crew —Lieutenant Starck , pilot Smith , Medical Technician Peters , Engineer Ensign Justin , Rescue Technician Cooper , and Trauma Doctor D.J.  —are joined for the mission by the Event Horizon\'s designer Dr. William Weir . Dr. Weir briefs the crew that the Event Horizon was built to test an experimental gravity drive which generates an artificial black hole to use the immense gravitational power to bridge two points in spacetime, greatly reducing travel time over astronomical distances. Upon arriving at the ship\'s decaying orbit around Neptune and boarding the Event Horizon to search for survivors, the crew finds evidence of a massacre. During the search, the ship\'s gravity drive activates automatically. Justin is pulled into the resulting portal, returning in a catatonic state. He is later placed in stasis after a failed suicide attempt in apprehension over the events he witnessed during his crossover. The activation of the gravity drive causes a massive shockwave which critically damages the Lewis and Clark and forces the entire crew to board the Event Horizon. The crew then begins experiencing hallucinations of their fears and regrets: Miller sees a subordinate, Corrick, he was forced to abandon in a fire; Peters sees images of her son Denny with his legs covered in bloody lesions; and Dr. Weir, a widower, sees his wife Claire with missing eyes, urging him to join her. After deciphering a warning from a video log of the Event Horizon\'s crew going insane and mutilating each other, Miller and D.J. deduce that while the ship\'s gravity drive did successfully open a gateway in spacetime, it leapt outside the known universe and into another dimension, described later on by Dr. Weir as "a dimension of pure chaos, pure evil" . The Event Horizon has since then gained an evil sentience and telekinetic abilities, tormenting its occupants with the aim of compelling them to return to Hell. Miller decides to destroy the Event Horizon despite objections from Dr. Weir, who is seduced and eventually possessed by the evil presence and uses an explosive device from the Event Horizon to destroy the Lewis and Clark. Smith is killed in the explosion which also launches Cooper out of the ship and into space. Peters dies from a long fall after being lured into the engineering section by an apparition of her son. Dr. Weir kills D.J. by vivisecting him and corners Starck on the bridge. Miller tries to rescue Starck but is caught by Dr. Weir, who activates the ship\'s gravity drive, initiating a ten minute countdown after which the Event Horizon and its passengers will return to the other dimension. Cooper, having used his space suit\'s oxygen to propel him back to the ship, tries to contact those inside, and Dr. Weir retaliates by shooting out the bridge window. Dr. Weir is blown out into space by the ensuing decompression while Miller, Starck, and Cooper survive and manage to seal off the bridge area of the ship. Miller then resolves to detonate the explosives installed on the Event Horizon to split the ship in two and use the forward section of the ship as a lifeboat. He is attacked by manifestations of Corrick and Dr. Weir, who shows Miller horrifying visions of the Lewis and Clark\'s crew being tortured and mutilated once they return to Hell. Miller fights off the manifestation and manages to detonate the explosives, sacrificing himself so Justin, Cooper, and Starck can escape. The gravity drive activates, pulling the rear of the ship into a wormhole. Starck and Cooper join Justin in stasis and wait to be rescued. 72 days later, the Event Horizon is located by a rescue party, who discover the remaining crew still in stasis. Starck has a nightmare of the scarred Dr. Weir being one of the rescuers and is awakened in a distraught state by a rescue team. Cooper restrains Starck and one of the rescuers calls for a sedative as the doors to the stasis room ominously seem to close by themselves.'] ['The film opens with a man being shot by Yatsu - known as "The Metal Fetishist" or "The Guy" in this movie - who fires the shot from his index finger, holding his hand like a gun. Taniguchi Tomoo is discussing his past with his wife, since he does not have any memories before his adoption at eight years old. He is almost killed when two cyborg skinheads try to kidnap his son, Minori. He is forced to take an injection by one of the skinheads. Frightened by the encounter, he starts working out. Unsuccessful lifting even the lightest of weights at first, he suddenly is capable of enormous feats of strength. Later, he gets an anonymous call asking how his training went. The caller informs Taniguchi that he has kidnapped Minori by entering through the building\'s back door. Taniguchi chases the kidnappers to a roof where he again finds himself hanging on the edge, close to death. However, this time he manages to pull himself up, only to be told the skinhead already threw his son off the roof. Enraged by this, Taniguchi transforms and grows a gun from his arm. He shoots the skinhead who, having lied about dropping Minori, holds the son in front of him, causing Taniguchi to kill his own son. The skinhead escapes, leaving behind a distraught Taniguchi who discovers his wife saw everything. The skinheads arrive at their hideout where their accomplices work out lifting enormous weights. They meet a Mad Scientist who asks them what kind of specimen they picked for the injection, revealing that Taniguchi\'s injection is part of an experiment. Later, Taniguchi is kidnapped by the skinheads and experimented on by the Mad Scientist who manipulates Taniguchi\'s memories, furthering his change from man to machine. It is revealed that the Mad Scientist works with Yatsu who - after ordering Taniguchi\'s death - informs the Mad Scientist that his goal is only destruction and that every skinhead get an injection. After Taniguchi\'s escape, a skinhead injects himself and rapidly transforms, since his will to kill is much greater. During the escape, Taniguchi and the skinhead find they both have the ability to transform back into their human forms. The two face off in an abandoned factory and the skinhead tells Taniguchi that they all want to be made into gods by Yatsu. Back at home, Taniguchi\'s wife, Kana, discovers that Taniguchi\'s injection was actually blocked by his pocket organizer. So Taniguchi has the ability to transform into a machine under his own will. His wife is visibly scared of her husband. She leaves in a hurry, only to also be kidnapped on the street. Taniguchi pursues the car on a bicycle, transforming and eventually catching up. Still, the skinheads manage to escape. Kana meets Yatsu who tells her about her husband, who apparently has possessed incredible power all along, but chose to not use it unless he\'s pushed. The last time he used the power - before his eighth birthday - not only did he kill all the children who bullied him, but also destroyed those he loved. Taniguchi finds where Kana is held and ignores threats of the skinheads killing her. Yatsu talks to Taniguchi, then seemingly kills Kana. Taniguchi has had no mercy and a hostage meant nothing to him. Still, Kana\'s death pushes Taniguchi completely over the edge and he fully transforms. in the fight between Yatsu and Taniguchi, Yatsu tries to rust Taniguchi to death, like in the first movie. After Taniguchi has seemingly won, Yatsu shoots a cable into Taniguchi, causing further transformations. During this, Taniguchi learns that his father was creating the perfect human weapon, first training his sons - Tomoo and Yatsu - with guns, then making the guns part of them. Tomoo leaves before killing a dog, while his brother kills the animal. The boys also witness their father killing their mother in a bizarre sex ritual involving the woman sucking on a gun. Tomoo loses his memory after witnessing the death of both his mother and killing his father. This makes him realize the beauty of destruction and both Tomoo and Yatsu merge into a humongous creature. Tomoo begs Kana to inject him with the gun that will make him rust to death, but she refuses to harm him. The Tomoo/Yatsu creature merges with the remaining skinheads and they turn into a giant, tank-like machine rolling through the city. The final shots of the movie show Kana, Tomoo, and Minori walking through the ruins of what was once a city, with her remarking how peaceful the place has become.'] [' On Saturday, October 23, shop owner Harry Grimbridge  is chased by mysterious figures wearing business suits. He collapses at a filling station clutching a Silver Shamrock jack-o\'-lantern mask and is driven to the hospital by the station attendant  all the while ranting, "They\'re going to kill us. They\'re going to kill us all." Grimbridge is placed in the care of Dr. Dan Challis. Another man in a suit  enters Grimbridge\'s hospital room and kills him, then goes to his car and kills himself through self-immolation. Dr. Challis and Grimbridge\'s daughter, Ellie, investigate the incident leading them to the small town of Santa Mira, California, home of the Silver Shamrock Novelties factory. Hotel manager Rafferty ([[Michael Currie  reveals the source of the town\'s prosperity is Irishman Conal Cochran and his factory and that the majority of the town\'s population are descendants of Irish immigrants. Challis learns that Ellie\'s father stayed at the same hotel. Other hotel guests are shop owners Marge Guttman  and Buddy Kupfer , Buddy\'s wife Betty  and their son Little Buddy . All have business at the factory and eventually meet gruesome ends through the Silver Shamrock masks and the men in suits. A day after arriving in Santa Mira, Challis and Ellie tour the factory with the Kupfers and are alarmed to discover Grimbridge\'s car there, guarded by more men dressed in suits. They return to the hotel but cannot contact anyone outside the town. Ellie is kidnapped by the men in suits. Challis breaks into the factory to find her and discovers that the men in suits are androids created by Cochran. Challis is captured by the androids and Cochran reveals his plan to kill children on Halloween night. The Silver Shamrock trademark on the masks contains a computer chip containing a fragment of Stonehenge. When the Silver Shamrock television commercial airs on Halloween night, the chip will activate, killing the wearer and unleashing a lethal swarm of insects and snakes, killing those around the wearer. Cochran explains his plan to resurrect macabre aspects of Gaelic festival Samhain, which he connects to witchcraft. Challis escapes and rescues Ellie. They destroy the factory and Cochran, then flee the town. While driving away, Challis is attacked by "Ellie", causing him to crash his car. He finds that she is an android copy and destroys it in a brief struggle. On foot, Challis returns to the filling station, where Ellie\'s father had come to eight days earlier, and contacts the television stations, convincing all but one to remove the commercial. Challis screams into the telephone to stop the commercial as the film abruptly ends.'] ["During the original outbreak of the Rage Virus, Don, his wife Alice and four other survivors are hiding in a barricaded cottage on the outskirts of London with food and water left for only a few days. They hear a terrified boy, who is running away from the infected, pounding at their door. They let him in and give him some food to eat. He explains that his own parents tried to kill him. Another survivor named Karen checks outside through a peephole, but one of the infected attacks her and bites her on the arm. Survivor Jacob tries to save her, but Karen attacks him as well. Alice takes the boy upstairs, Jacob and an elderly couple hide in the barn, and Don defends them and kills a few of the infected with a crowbar. In the barn, the couple is attacked, and Jacob tries to save a woman named Sally, to no avail. He locks himself in the attic and finds his way outside. Alice and the boy lock themselves in the room, but the infected find and attack them. Don finds them, but escapes through the window, leaving them to be attacked by the infected. He runs through fields, as a horde of infected pursue him. He finds Jacob near a motorboat; Don starts it, but Jacob falls down and is infected as Don escapes. After five weeks, all the infected have died of starvation. After eleven weeks, NATO forces headed by the US take control of Great Britain. After eighteen weeks the island is declared relatively safe, although still under quarantine. Twenty-eight weeks after the outbreak, an American-led force, under the command of Brigadier General Stone, bring in settlers to re-populate the area. Among the new arrivals are Tammy and Andy, Don and Alice's children, who were in Spain on a school trip during the initial outbreak. They are subsequently admitted to District One, a safe zone guarded by the US Army, on the Isle of Dogs. As they are examined by Major Scarlet Levy, the district's chief medical officer, she notes Andy's differently coloured eyes, a trait inherited from his mother. Sergeant Doyle, a Delta sniper and his friend, helicopter pilot Chief Flynn, are amongst the military presence charged with guarding the district. The children are reunited with their father, who had survived the original infection and was found by the US army, and who has become the district's senior maintenance engineer. In their new flat, Don explains what happened and that after he escaped, he arrived in a military camp and waited with the soldiers through the weeks. The next day, Tammy and Andy, mournful over the loss of their mother, leave the safe zone and proceed to the depopulated London wasteland area to their former house on a scooter, hoping to retrieve and take their old belongings with them. To their shock, they find their mother in a semi-conscious state. Doyle had seen the two children leave the safe zone; they and their mother are subsequently picked up by soldiers and returned to the district. Tammy and Andy are taken back to their living quarters while Alice is taken to a biohazard room where she is tested and found to be an asymptomatic carrier of the Rage Virus, with the virus inside her but with no symptoms. Later that day, Don sneaks through the security and makes an unauthorized visit to Alice in her isolation cell and asks forgiveness for abandoning her at the cottage. When they kiss, however, the Rage Virus in her saliva immediately infects Don, who savagely kills her before going on a rampage, killing and infecting several soldiers in the building. General Stone orders the building to be quarantined and District One to be put into Code Red Lock-down, and civilians are herded into safe rooms. Despite the precautions, Don breaks into a room containing a large crowd and begins killing and infecting them, quickly causing a domino effect of attackers. Scarlet rescues Tammy and Andy from containment as the soldiers in District One are ordered to shoot indiscriminately. Doyle, unable to bring himself to comply with the order, abandons his post and escapes with Scarlet, the children and others through the Greenwich foot tunnel. General Stone then orders that District One be firebombed, but large numbers of the infected, including Don, escape the bombardment. Scarlet informs Doyle that the children may hold the key to a cure and must be protected at all costs. Flynn arrives by helicopter to pick up Doyle, but refuses to take anyone else as they would be shot down if carrying possibly infected people. Flynn contacts Doyle by radio and tells him to head to Wembley Stadium, but to leave the civilians. Doyle ignores his instructions and begins escorting the civilians to Wembley, breaking into an abandoned car to escape nerve gas released to kill the infected. He is burned alive by soldiers as he tries to push start the car. Scarlet drives the car away, but a military chopper tries to blow them up; she manages to escape the chopper with the kids. She drives them into the London Underground where, as the trio continue on foot, she is ambushed and killed by Don who then attacks and bites Andy. Tammy shoots Don before he can kill Andy who remains symptom-free, but with darker, bloodier eyes, like his mother. The children continue to the Stadium and are picked up by a reluctant Flynn, who flies them across the English Channel to France, as previously instructed by Doyle. 28 days after the events, a French-accented voice requesting help is heard from the radio in Flynn's abandoned helicopter. A group of infected are seen running through a tunnel which, as they emerge into the open, is revealed to be the exit of the Paris Métro Trocadéro station with a view of the nearby Eiffel Tower, meaning that the infection spread around Europe."] ['CIA agent Max Reed  witnesses Dr. Tetsu Segawa—a researcher for the mysterious Kronos Corporation—being murdered. Dr. Segawa had stolen an alien device known as “the Guyver” from Kronos.College student Sean Barker, whose girlfriend’s father was Dr. Segawa, finds the Guyver’s hiding spot while watching the forensic team investigating the crime scene. Through further events, the Guyver fuses with Sean and causes him to be covered in a suit of bio-armor. The president of Kronos, Fulton Balcus ([[David Gale , wants the Guyver back and sends his mutant henchmen, the Zoanoids, led by Lisker , to steal it back.'] ['Eight months after the events of Re-Animator, Dr. Herbert West  and Dr. Dan Cain  are working as medics in the middle of a bloody Peruvian civil war. In the chaos of battle and with plenty of casualties to work on, they are free to experiment with West\'s re-animation reagent. When their medical tent is stormed by the enemy troops, West and Cain return home to Arkham, Massachusetts. There, they resume their former jobs as doctors at Miskatonic University Hospital, and West returns to the basement laboratory of Cain\'s house to continue his research. Using parts pilfered from both the hospital\'s morgue and from the cemetery conveniently located next door, West discovers that his reagent can re-animate body parts by themselves. He becomes determined to create an entire living person from disparate body parts. West discovers the heart of Megan Halsey, Cain\'s fiancée, in the hospital morgue. With the promise to use her heart to re-animate a new Megan, West convinces Cain to help him with his project. Also stored in the morgue is the rest of the evidence from the previous "Miskatonic Massacre". Inside, pathologist Dr. Wilbur Graves  discovers a vial of West\'s reagent and the severed head of Dr. Carl Hill . Using the reagent, he re-animates Hill\'s head. Meanwhile, police officer Lt. Leslie Chapham  begins investigating West and Cain. He bears a grudge against the pair, as they were the only unaffected survivors of the Miskatonic Massacre; the dead body of Chapham\'s wife was re-animated into a crazed zombie during the incident. Chapham suspects West and Cain were responsible. When he stops by their house to question them, he discovers West\'s corpse-filled lab and the two get into an ugly confrontation. A fight ensues and West ends up killing Chapham by means of cloth treated with a chemical which causes cardiac arrest when inhaled . West then re-animates the police officer with the intention of covering up his crime. Chapham violently wanders out of the house and into the cemetery next door.  Hill also bears a grudge against West, as West was responsible for his decapitation; the destruction of his body; taking away Megan, with whom he was obsessed; and having better theories about reanimation than himself. Using hypnotic powers, Hill commands Chapham to force Dr. Graves to stitch bat wings onto his neck, giving him back his mobility. He also extends his mental control to all of the zombie survivors of the Miskatonic Massacre. When one of Cain\'s patients, the beautiful Gloria , dies, West collects the last piece he needs for his creation: her head. With a complete body stitched and wired together, West and Cain inject the re-animation reagent into Meg\'s heart. While waiting for the reagent to take effect, a package is delivered to their house. West retrieves and opens it. From inside, Hill\'s winged head flies out. Simultaneously, all of the zombies he controls break into the house. West retreats back to the basement lab, where his creation, the Bride, has awoken. A catfight breaks out between the Bride and Cain\'s current girlfriend, Italian journalist Francesca Danelli , whom he met in Peru. Cain rejects the Bride\'s love and sides with Francesca. Heart-broken, the Bride rips Megan\'s heart out of her own chest and then literally falls to pieces. West diagnoses this as tissue rejection. Hill and his zombies force West, Cain and Francesca to retreat through the wall of the lab and into a crypt in the neighboring cemetery. Inside, all of West\'s prior test subjects arise and make their way towards him, stopping only when Herbert commands them to. The unstable crypt begins to collapse, trapping Hill, West and the zombies. Cain and Francesca manage to escape the debris and claw their way to the surface of the cemetery together. Hill, stuck in the debris, laughs manically, while Megan\'s heart, still in the hand of the bride, stops beating. <!--'] ['The movie begins with Doctor Stoner  selling a strange large \'snake\' to a carnival man . College student David Blake  is hired as an assistant by Stoner, an ophiologist. It transpires that Stoner\'s previous assistant had mysteriously left town without telling anyone . Stoner begins David on a course of injections, purportedly as a safeguard against being bitten by a snake in his care. David\'s skin starts to change and even peel like a snakeskin. David begins a romance with Stoner\'s daughter Kristina , although her father objects and insists that she does not have any sexual relations with him. David becomes increasingly perturbed by the strange side effects of the injections. Kristina visits a carnival freak show and is alarmed that the "snakeman" bears an uncanny resemblance to Stoner\'s previous assistant. She leaves in terror and heads back to save David who is currently mutating into a cobra. David starts to turn green, suffers breathing problems and develops scales on his body. Stoner is bitten by the original cobra and killed instantly, after David\'s transformation is complete. The new cobra  is finally killed by a mongoose when he tries to escape. Kristina arrives home and finds her father killed with the original cobra next to him. At the same time the police arrive, and shoot the original cobra, before heading to the lab where the mongoose is attacking David\'s neck, attempting to kill him. The police do not have a clear shot, as Kristina screams David\'s name...'] ['The film begins with animal trainer Fred Mason  returning from his latest safari with a horde of animals for his employer John Whipple , owner of the Whipple Circus. Among them is Cheela , a gorilla with remarkably human characteristics. Mason relates that she is the most affectionate jungle animal he has ever encountered. Mason’s fiancée Beth Colman  is present at the dock for his return. She tells him of the recent health problems encountered by her sister Dorothy . In a flashback sequence, Beth tells of taking her sibling to see Dr. Sigmund Walters , an endocrinologist of some standing. Dorothy is staying at Walters’ Crestview Sanatorium for treatment. Fred and Beth arrive at the winter quarters, and Dr. Walters pays a visit. He is extremely interested in Cheela, and in inquires about purchasing her. Whipple tells him that she is not for sale. Upon returning to his lab, Walters finds that his latest experiment has resulted in the lab animal’s death. He becomes convinced he needs larger animals that possess the “will to live.” Walters enlists the aid of a disgruntled former circus employee to steal Cheela. After the ape is loaded onto his truck, the scientist callously pushes the man into the gorilla’s grasp and stolidly watches as the beast wrings his neck. Back at his lab, Walters and his assistant Miss Strand  transplant glandular material from Dorothy into Cheela. To the horror of the nurse, the ape transforms into human form . Telling the doctor that she cannot allow him to continue, Miss Strand informs him that at best he will have “a human form, with animal instincts.” Dr. Walters reaches the conclusion that he will need to place a human brain into his creation to successfully complete his experiment. He sacrifices Miss Strand for this purpose. The brain transplant is a success, and the result is a sultry and exotic young woman who remembers nothing of her previous existence. Walters names her Paula Dupree, and takes his creation to the winter quarters for her first public outing. While watching Mason practice his animal act, an accident occurs. Paula rushes into the cage and saves him from the ferocious felines, who display an unnatural fear of her and retreat from her presence. Mason is dumbfounded and offers the girl a job in his act. After the final dress rehearsal, Paula becomes jealous of Mason’s fiancée. She goes to her dressing room and while having a tantrum, begins converting to animal form. Later that night, she climbs through Beth’s window planning to kill her, but attacks and brutally murders another woman instead. The beast returns to Walters, and the doctor realizes that another operation is necessary to return her to human form. He can continue to use Dorothy for the glandular material, but will need yet another subject to replace Paula’s damaged cerebrum. Beth receives a frantic telephone call from her sister who expresses her fear of Dr. Walters and the forthcoming operation. Arriving at the Sanatorium to aid her sister, Beth is pegged by the good doctor as the next brain donor for Cheela. However, she proves resourceful in a pinch, releasing the ape from its cage. Cheela does Walters in and departs the lab, leaving Beth and Dorothy unharmed. Performing his animal act solo, Mason finds himself trapped inside the cage with his unruly subjects. A powerful storm interrupts the performance and the beasts attack the trainer. Cheela comes to his rescue once again and carries him to safety. Unfortunately, a nearby policeman mistakes her intentions and kills Cheela.'] ['Scientist Sebastian Caine  has developed a serum that can make a subject invisible, but has had difficulty reversing the process. Working late one night on re-configuring the molecular model of the irradiated protein that will restore a test gorilla to visibility, he solves the problem and immediately reports his success to the top members of his staff. Although work on the serum occupies nearly all of his waking hours, Sebastian becomes obsessed with his ex-girlfriend Dr. Linda McKay , who is a scientist on his team. Unbeknownst to him, she has become involved with Dr. Matt Kensington , another member of their research group. Sebastian and his colleagues – veterinarians Sarah Kennedy  and Carter Abbey , and technicians Frank Chase  and Janice Walton  – eventually enable the serum to work on the gorilla. In celebration, the team goes out for a fancy dinner, where Sebastian makes a toast to the finest research group in the world. To Sebastian, however, it feels like the end, as reversion was the last big breakthrough. Instead of reporting his success to the military, Sebastian inexplicably lies to the oversight committee, including his mentor Dr. Howard Kramer , and talks Linda and Matt into lying to the other four and going right into human testing, the subject being Sebastian himself. Despite a painful shift to transparency, the procedure is successful. He conducts some clinical tests on himself, and molests Sarah in her sleep. Three days later, the reversion fails and almost kills him. The researchers construct a latex mask for Sebastian to wear around the lab, crudely approximating a human appearance. Matt discovers a promising way to make Sebastian visible again. A computer simulation, however, fails. Isolation and virtual imprisonment in the lab begin to wear on Sebastian\'s patience, leading to increasingly aggressive and hostile behavior. Disobeying Carter and his own rules, he heads back to his apartment for things to take back to the lab. There, his aggression and hostility get the best of him; he spies on his neighbor  and rapes her while fully invisible. Linda goes to the apartment and finds the discarded mask and clothes. Sebastian returns to the lab just as the others are planning to go after him. Linda warns him that if he leaves again, she and Matt will tell Dr. Kramer what they did. Sebastian has a dream of Linda being raped by an invisible man. Ignoring their threat, he assembles a device that runs a video loop of his heat signature in his quarters; the repeating image fools Frank into believing that Sebastian is still in the lab, when, in fact, he is out spying on Linda and Matt, becoming enraged when he sees them having sex. Seeing Matt and Linda together, Sebastian smashes their bedroom window. The two call Frank, who tells them that Sebastian is still in bed. Meanwhile, an enraged Sebastian returns to the lab. Unable to stand the barking of an invisible dog, Sebastian kills it by brutally smashing it against the cage wall. The team soon discover that they have been watching a recording and that Sebastian has been getting out without their knowledge. Linda and Matt go to Dr. Kramer\'s house and confess their experiments. The disappointed Kramer fires them. After they leave, Kramer attempts to warn the military, but Sebastian, who followed Linda and Matt to the house, drowns him in his own swimming pool. The next day, Sebastian waits until all of the team is in the lab and then disables the phones and all of the elevator codes except for his own. He removes his clothing and latex mask and, invisible, begins to hunt them all down. Janice falls behind while the team searches for Sebastian and he strangles her with an IV line. Linda, Matt, Sarah, Carter, and Frank learn what Sebastian is up to, realizing that they are the only ones who know what he has become, and therefore he is planning to kill them all. Linda, Sarah, and Frank hide in the lab while Matt and Carter take tranquilizer guns to hunt for Sebastian using thermographic imaging goggles. Matt shoots at a heat signature that turns out to be from a steam vent. When Matt turns around, Carter has been yanked into the air by Sebastian, who is on top of a pipe. Matt tries to shoot him, but Sebastian throws Carter down toward a steel bar, which hits his carotid artery, causing massive blood loss. Sebastian almost kills Matt, but Linda drags him to safety. Sarah and Frank find the barely conscious and severely injured Carter. Despite Frank\'s warnings, Sarah runs to the freezer to get blood for a transfusion, and is killed by Sebastian. After Carter has bled to death, Linda, Matt, and Frank go after Sarah, finding her dead in the walk-in freezer. Frank sprays a fire extinguisher to expose Sebastian, but Sebastian comes from behind and impales Frank with a crowbar. He then stabs Matt with the hook end, locks Linda and Matt in the freezer, and leaves them to freeze to death. Sebastian puts on his latex mask and clothing, spending time to ensure he looks near-human. Meanwhile, Linda covers up Matt\'s wound with duct tape. She constructs an electromagnet using a defibrillator and other lab equipment, and uses it to open the freezer door. She lights a fire to warm Matt and gathers the parts needed for a flamethrower. Sebastian goes to the lab and creates nitroglycerin to blow everything up. He puts the nitroglycerin in a centrifuge, starts a timer and destroys the keyboard, so it can\'t be stopped. Just as he is entering the elevator to leave, Linda appears and fires a crude blowtorch at him. His latex and clothes burning away, Sebastian barely manages to escape the flames. Linda uses the flamethrower to start the ceiling sprinklers, partially revealing him. The two fight; just as she is about to lose, Matt appears and hits Sebastian with the crowbar. Sebastian recovers and approaches Matt and Linda from behind with the crowbar. Just as he swings it down on them, Matt turns and deflects the blow, throwing a wet Sebastian into a nearby circuit box, and he is electrocuted. As the electricity courses through his body, Sebastian is rendered partially visible: his muscles, bones, and organs can be seen, but his skin and what\'s left of his hair remain invisible. Linda and Matt find the nitroglycerin about to explode, and decide to abandon the lab, climbing up the elevator shaft. The lab explodes filling the shaft with fire. The two are almost out when Sebastian appears. He fights with Linda, and kisses her "for old time\'s sake" before she grabs the elevator cable and knocks the car loose, sending Sebastian into the inferno below. Linda and Matt emerge from the burning laboratory, and medics take them away in an ambulance.'] ['The British Rocket Group, headed by Professor Bernard Quatermass, launches its first rocket into space. Shortly after its launch, all contact with the rocket and the three occupants – Carroon, Reichenheim and Green – is lost. The rocket returns to Earth, crashing in an English field. Quatermass and his assistant Briscoe arrive at the scene, along with the emergency services. Opening the rocket\'s hatch, they find only Carroon; there is no sign of the other two crewmembers. Carroon appears to be in shock, only able to mouth the words "Help me". He is taken to hospital while Quatermass and Briscoe investigate what happened to the rocket and its crew. It becomes evident that Carroon has been changed by something he encountered while in space. He can absorb any living thing he comes in contact with. When he absorbs a cactus in his hospital room, his right arm begins mutating. Not knowing this, Carroon\'s wife, Judith, hires a private investigator to break her husband out of the hospital. The escape is successful but Carroon kills and absorbs the private investigator in the process. It does not take long for Judith to discover what her husband has become and Carroon soon flees from his horrified wife. Inspector Lomax of Scotland Yard, initiates a manhunt to find the missing astronaut. Hiding out at the London docks, Carroon encounters a little girl but through sheer willpower leaves her unharmed. Instead, he heads for a zoo where he absorbs many of the animals. By now, Carroon has become completely mutated. Quatermass and Briscoe track the creature to Westminster Abbey. From his examination of tissue samples taken from Carroon, Quatermass concludes that an alien creature has taken over Carroon and will eventually release spores, endangering the entire planet. With the assistance of a television crew working at the Abbey, Quatermass succeeds in killing the creature by electrocution. As he leaves the Abbey, Quatermass ignores all those who pass him and ask what\'s happened, save for his assistant Marsh who than asks him what to do next. Quatermass replies that he\'ll start all over again. He leaves Marsh and walks away into the London night.'] ["Sam Staziak played by Daniel Quinn, a rookie cop with the Los Angeles Police Department, is also a 'Scanner' . When a string of murders begins to decimate the police department, Sam faces sensory overload and possible insanity as he uses his powers to hunt the man responsible for the killings."] ['Dr. Lawrence Angelo works for Virtual Space Industries, running experiments in increasing the intelligence of chimpanzees using drugs and virtual reality. One of the chimps escapes using warfare technology that he was being trained to use. Dr. Angelo is generally a pacifist, who would rather explore the intelligence-enhancing potential of his research without applying it for military purposes. Jobe Smith, a local greenskeeper with an unspecified learning disability, lives in the garden shed owned by the local priest, Father Francis McKeen. McKeen\'s brother, Terry, is a local landscape gardener and employs Jobe to help him with odd jobs. Father McKeen punishes the challenged Jobe with a belt whenever he fails to complete his chores. While Dr. Angelo records audio notes about needing a human subject, Jobe is mowing his lawn. Peter Parkette, the young son of Dr. Angelo\'s neighbors, is friends with Jobe. Dr. Angelo invites Peter and Jobe to play some virtual reality games. Learning more about Jobe, Angelo persuades Jobe to participate in his experiments, telling him that it will make him smarter. Jobe agrees and begins a program of accelerated learning. Dr. Angelo makes it a point to redesign all the intelligence-boosting treatments without the "aggression factors" used in the chimpanzee experiments. Jobe soon becomes smarter, for example, learning Latin in two hours at the lab. Dr. Angelo starts taking Jobe to his lab at work to use the technology there. Jobe begins a sexual relationship with a young rich widow, Marnie. However, Jobe starts to have telepathic and hallucinatory experiences. He continues with the experiments at the lab, until an accident makes Dr. Angelo call a halt. The project director, Sebastian Timms, employed by a mysterious agency known as The Shop, keeps a secret watch on the progress of the experiment, and swaps the scientist\'s new medications for the old Project 5 "aggression factors". Jobe acquires telekinetic and pyrokinetic powers and takes Marnie to the lab to have sexual intercourse with her in virtual reality. Something goes wrong in the simulation, and Marnie is driven insane, laughing endlessly at nothing. Jobe\'s powers and abilities continue to grow, although the treatments also affect his mental stability, and he takes revenge on those who abused him when he was "dumb": Father McKeen is engulfed in flames, a bully named Jake is put into a catatonic state by a mental "lawnmower man" continually mowing his brain, and a lawnmower invention of Jobe\'s runs down Harold, Peter\'s abusive father. Jobe uses his telepathic abilities to make the investigating police attribute it all to "bizarre accidents" in front of Dr. Angelo. Jobe believes his final stage of evolution is to become "pure energy" in the VSI computer mainframe, and from there reach into all the systems of the world. He promises his "birth" will be signaled by every telephone on the planet ringing simultaneously. The Shop sends a team to capture Jobe, but they are ineffective against his abilities and he scatters their molecules. Jobe uses the lab equipment to enter the mainframe computer, abandoning his body to become a wholly virtual being. In the process, his body becomes a wizened husk. Dr. Angelo remotely infects the VSI computer with a virus that encrypts all of the links to the outside world, trapping Jobe in the mainframe. As Jobe searches for an unencrypted network connection, Dr. Angelo primes bombs to destroy the building. Feeling responsible for what has happened to Jobe, Angelo then joins him in virtual reality to try to reason with him. Jobe overpowers and crucifies him, then continues to search for a network connection. Peter runs into the building; Jobe still cares for him and allows Dr. Angelo to go free in order to rescue Peter. Jobe forces a computer-connected lock to open, allowing Peter and Dr. Angelo to escape. Jobe escapes through a Backdoor as the building is destroyed in multiple explosions. Back at home with Peter, Dr. Angelo and Peter\'s mother Carla  are about to leave when their telephone rings, followed by the noise of a second, and then hundreds, all around the globe.'] ['The film continues the saga of two genetically altered life forms turned loose. One is a super-intelligent golden retriever with an uncanny ability to communicate and reason. The other is a hybrid monster, a non-human assassin created to track the dog and destroy all who come in contact with it. The golden retriever finds and befriends a fugitive from the Marine Corps . The clever dog prompts the Marine captain to call an animal psychologist from the top secret laboratory where the genetic manipulation occurred. Together with this trusted psychologist , they attempt to elude the murderous monster and the gory trail of death closing in on them.'] ['{{plot}} A small U.S. special-forces squad travels to Cambodia to follow up on the case of a small medical outpost that has ceased communications, and why the first group sent to the outpost didn\'t report back. The squad soon finds itself confronted by flesh-eating Zombies seemingly created by a strange species of Scorpion. The squad clears away the Zombies, but is then attacked by an infected researcher who attempts to commit suicide with a grenade. Second-in-command Lieutenant Bobby Quinn , initially survives and radios for a medivac airlift, but soon falls unconscious. Later, Quinn wakes up on an exam table at Ft. Preston Army Base, to find he\'s being prepped for postmortem. The Coroner, Dr, Flutie , explains that he arrived in a body-bag the previous evening and had been pronounced DOA, and that he has no vital signs and is thus clinically dead. Quinn begins to get dressed and asks after the fate of his squad, which Flutie reveals are all dead. Quinn is suddenly stricken by agonizing pain in his right arm, and grabs a scalpel to slice it open. Gushing greenish blood, the wound reveals one of the strange scorpions, which he promptly crushes. The incision rapidly heals without a trace of scarring. Quinn and Flutie soon relate their findings to Dr. Boyce, who is determined to keep Quinn quarantined. Quinn, however, is driven to find out what happened to himself and his squad, and resists her directives. She tries to have him sedated, but the sedative has no effect, and in the course of the attempt, Quinn reveals superhuman strength to go with his rapid-healing and altered metabolism, and she finally reveals that one of the other members of his squad, Sgt. Cruz, is also in the morgue scheduled for cremation, and the other bodies were being taken elsewhere. Quinn demands to see him, and she takes him to Dr. Langdon  to find his whereabouts when he turns up missing. With Quinn\'s heightened senses, the trio tracks Cruz to the base\'s kitchen, where he is attacking the cook, Judson . In the process, both Boyce and Langdon are infected, and Quinn and Judson have to destroy them. Right after, Quinn is stricken by intense pangs of hunger that can only be dulled by ingesting raw, red meat. The two of them are then taken into custody by Major Bascom , who refuses to believe Quinn\'s story . Quinn and Judson promptly escape, determined to track down the remaining squad-members before they can wreak havoc. They manage to find the truck used to transport the bodies, arrive too late, finding it wrecked and covered in blood. While following the trail, they stop at a small road-side bar, where they meet Holly, a smart U.C San Bernardino film-student who works as a bartender part-time as she studies for her degree. Unfortunately for Quinn and Judson, the local news has already aired a report about the "killings" at Fort Preston, and the Bar-patrons lock them inside the cooler. When a group of infected soldiers attacks the bar, Holly retreats to the cooler, and the trio manages to eliminate the zombified soldiers and patrons before they can get out. Having been called by the patrons, the police arrive to arrest Quinn and Judson. Quinn manages to break free of his handcuffs, and Holly nabs the police cruiser and the trio escapes yet again. On the trail of the final body, Bill Sanderson, the trio change their clothes and general appearance in order to better disguise themselves , and head to L.A to intercept Sanderson if they can. However, a visit to Sanderson\'s home turns up nothing, and Quinn is stricken by another wave of hunger and has to raid the fridge to ease it. As he eats, a woman walks in and they mistake her for one of the family members. She reveals that she\'s Mrs. Wisteria from next door, and that she has been watching the house for the Sandersons who are on vacation, and that the wake isn\'t until the following day. They try to satisfy her by saying they need the info for a "secret government mission" but she insists upon helping, threatening to call the cops otherwise. The trio grudgingly agrees, and Mrs. Wisteria drives them to the Everview Funeral home where Sanderson was taken, and flirts openly with Judson to his dismay. When they arrive, the Director  tells them that Sanderson\'s body had already been claimed the previous evening. Frustrated, the group makes to leave, but they are intercepted when a van pulls up and the occupants stop them at gunpoint. Their captors are soon revealed to be mercenaries under the hire of a Dr. Scott , and his partner Dr. Adams . who have Sanderson chained up in their hidden lab. Scott states that the Cambodians call the scorpion-like creature a "Jindu", and that its sting revives dead tissue. It had been a legend until some relief workers stumbled upon the species some years back. It was Scott who sent the mercenaries that killed the workers at the relief-station, and who had themselves ended up dead. He goes on to say that the sting of the creature represents everlasting life if properly utilized, and that it would be of great benefit to the people of the world "for the right price". When Quinn counters that the infection must be stopped before it can spread, Scott angrily confesses that he\'s dying of cancer and thus seeks the secret for his own benefit first. He demands a sample of Quinn\'s blood, and when Quinn refuses, he brings in Mrs. Wisteria and threatens to feed her to Sanderson. Quinn relents, but Scott gives Wisteria to Sanderson anyway, and they watch as she is bitten, dies, and transforms into one of the infected Zombies, and Scott confirms that the second-generation zombies are always mindless killers: only those stung by the Jindu have the potential to retain their personalities, so long as the creature doesn\'t travel straight to their heart. The female merc destroys Wisteria with a shot to the head. Despite being weakened by hunger, a furious Quinn destroys Sanderson as well, before being knocked out cold. When Sanderson awakens, Scott and Adams are preparing to leave for Fort Preston. They take him back to the holding cell, and chain him to Holly while taking Judson with them as a hostage and as a guide. Holly manages to evade the ravenous Quinn until he leaps at her and misses, shattering the two-way mirror that leads into Adam\'s lab. Inside, he stumbles over the mini-fridge where they kept the raw meat for Sanderson, and he quickly devours it, and comes back to his senses. Scott and his group reach Fort Preston, which is now overrun with zombies, thanks to the body of one of the mercs that had been brought back from Cambodia. Scott is on the hunt for that particular zombie, since he will be the only one with the Jindu inside. The group proceeds within, destroying attacking zombies as they go, but don\'t realize that Quinn and Holly are hot on their trail. Scott has Judson open the security door where one of the officers had managed to trap most of the infected, and then Scott takes Judson\'s keycard and leaves him trapped outside the security doors, where a horde of zombies descend upon him. Inside, the group eventually finds the morgue containing the original zombie, and shut themselves inside with a mass of undead hammering away from outside. Dr. Scott manages to restrain the zombie, and cuts into his chest cavity. Quinn and Holly reach the security doors, which Quinn breaks down with a flying kick. As Scott extracts the Jindu, the zombies begin to break inside, wounding the female merc who accidentally shoots Dr. Adams, before being shot by her partner. The Zombies stream in, attacking the remaining merc. Scott drops the Jindu as Quinn and Holly burst inside. Quinn crushes the Jindu and begins to destroy the Zombies within, while Dr. Scott is attacked and literally "disarmed" by a pair of zombie soldiers before Quinn and Holly can shoot them down. Quinn approaches the bleeding Dr. Adams and asks after Judson, and she claims he was killed. As the pair leave the room, Holly shoots Adams before she can turn into one of the infected. Leaving, they then find Judson\'s crucifix necklace and fear he has been killed, but spy a trash chute and open it to reveal Judson cowering inside. Happy to see him alive, they help him out, and make plans to finish off the infected for good. Quinn takes some C4 from the base\'s armory, and wires it up to explode beneath the ammo-dump so it\'ll take out the entire base. As he moves to find a vehicle for the group to escape with, he has Judson and Holly bait the zombies as close to the ammo-dump as possible. Quinn struggles to find a vehicle that isn\'t damaged, as Judson and Holly narrowly escape a group of hungry undead they have drawn towards the ammo-dump, and activate the 2-minute timer. Barely escaping, the base goes up in flames, and afterward, the trio scour the wreckage to make sure all the zombies are truly out of commission. With the undead finished, Quinn, Holly, and Judson walk away to plan their futures, with Holly saying "this could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship."'] ["A pair of bizarre murders occur wherein the victims are drained of their rare blood type. Reporter Walter Garrett ([[Wayne Morris  consults with his friend Dr. Mike Rhodes  which leads them to Rhodes' former mentor, hematologist Dr. Francis Flegg . Flegg is initially unhelpful but when Garrett and Rhodes notice a striking resemblance between Flegg's strange assistant, Marshall Quesne  and the late Dr. Maurice Xavier, they confront Flegg. Flegg admits that he used scientific methods to bring Xavier back from the grave and employed a synthetic blood formula to sustain his life. However, the formula is unstable, and therefore, Quesne/Xavier must seek out human victims with a rare blood type featured in the formula in order stay alive."] ['Off the coast of Alaska, oceanographer Emma MacNeil  is studying the migration patterns of whales aboard an experimental submarine she took without permission from her employer. Meanwhile, a military helicopter drops experimental sonar transmitters into the water, causing a pod of whales to go out of control and start ramming a nearby glacier. In the chaos, the helicopter crashes into the glacier, and the combined damage breaks the glacier open, thawing two hibernating, prehistoric creatures. MacNeil narrowly avoids destruction as, unknown to her, a giant shark and octopus are freed. Some time later, a drilling platform off the coast of Japan is attacked by the octopus, which has tentacles large enough to wrap around the entire structure. After returning to Point Dume, California, MacNeil investigates the corpse of a beached whale covered with bloody wounds. Her employer Dick Richie  believes them to be from a tanker propeller, but MacNeil insists they appear to be from a creature. Later, she extracts what appears to be a shark’s tooth from one of the wounds. Elsewhere, the huge shark leaps tens of thousands of feet into the air from the ocean and attacks a commercial aircraft, forcing it to crash into the water . A review board convenes and fires MacNeil from the oceanographic institute for stealing the submarine. She brings the shark tooth to her old professor, former U.S. Navy pilot Lamar Sanders , who believes it belonged to a Megalodon, an enormous species of shark believed to have become extinct 1.5 million years ago. The duo is visited by Dr. Seiji Shimada , a Japanese scientist trying to determine what attacked the drilling platform. The four review a videotape recorded during MacNeil’s submarine voyage, finding images of both the megalodon and a gigantic octopus. MacNeil reflects on the polar ice caps melting due to man-made global warming, and wonders if the creatures are mankind’s “comeuppance”. Meanwhile, a U.S. "naval destroyer" engages the megalodon, but is destroyed after its guns fail to destroy the shark. MacNeil, Sanders, and Shimada are arrested by a team of soldiers and taken to government official Allan Baxter , a rude and racist man who demands their help in destroying the creatures. The four agree to help, in exchange for the government trying to capture the creatures for study rather than destroy them. While working at a naval laboratory to develop a method for luring the creatures, MacNeil and Shimada become attracted to each other and have sex in a utility closet. The incident makes them realize they can attract the creatures using chemicals. MacNeil and Sanders agree to place a trap for the shark in San Francisco Bay, while Shimada returns to Tokyo to attract the octopus. MacNeil and Sanders barely escape the shark after placing the trap with a mini-submarine. The plan fails, however, when the shark destroys another destroyer sent by Baxter. The shark then resurfaces and bites off a large portion of the Golden Gate Bridge, killing thousands of civilians. Later, Shimada contacts the Americans and says the Japanese trap only having the same disaster succeeded in angering the octopus, which has escaped despite multiple artillery and missile hits. Baxter suggests using nuclear weapons against the creatures, which MacNeil, Sanders, and Shimada strongly oppose due to the risk of marine devastation, coastal damage and human casualties. As an alternative, MacNeil suggests using the same pheromone traps to create a “Thrilla in Manila” by drawing the two creatures together. She believes that because the two creatures were frozen in ice locked in combat, they must be natural rivals and their aggressiveness towards one another will cause them to fight to the death if they\'re lured together. MacNeil, Sanders, and Baxter are assigned to a submarine to find the shark and lure it to the North Pacific Ocean. After a short search, the submarine brings both the shark and the octopus to an ice trench off the Alaskan coast, where MacNeil first encountered the creatures. Sanders himself ends up piloting the sub after the original pilot loses his nerve and pulls a gun on the captain  before he is overtaken. The octopus and shark begin to fight, but they separate and the shark attacks the submarine, dragging it in its mouth. MacNeil, Sanders, and Baxter man a rowing boat and detach just as the shark bites the larger submarine in half, killing the rest of the crew. The shark nearly destroys the rowing boat, but they are saved when a Japanese sub manned by Shimada fires torpedoes at it. The octopus entangles the Japanese submarine and nearly destroys it, but the sub is released after the octopus is attacked by the shark. The two creatures engage in a fierce battle, at the end of which, the octopus strangles the shark after the shark dismembers some of its tentacles, causing it to bleed to death. The two sink, dead, still locked from their battle. McNeil and the others, after watching the showdown between the two monsters, discover Shimada and his sub survived the octopus attack. The film ends with MacNeil, Sanders, and Shimada deciding to visit the North Sea after receiving infrared images of mysterious organic life there.'] ['At Zurich University Institute of Medicine in Switzerland, Herbert West brings his dead professor, Dr. Hans Gruber , back to life. There are horrific side-effects, however; as West explains, the dosage was too large. When accused of killing Gruber, West counters: "I gave him life!" West arrives at Miskatonic University in New England in order to further his studies. He rents a room from medical student Dan Cain  and converts the building\'s basement into his own personal laboratory. There is an instant animosity between West and faculty member Dr. Carl Hill ([[David Gale . West declares that Hill stole the theory of brain death from Dr. Gruber, West\'s mentor. Dan discovers that West has re-animated his dead cat, Rufus, with a glowing reagent. West recruits Dan as his partner in research to defeat death. Dan\'s fiancee Megan  dislikes West, especially after discovering Rufus re-animated in a state of dismemberment. Hill manages to turn Dr. Halsey, the school\'s dean and Megan\'s father, against both West and Dan. Barred from the school, the two sneak into the morgue to test the reagent on a human subject in an attempt to salvage their medical careers. The revived corpse goes on a rampage, attacking them. Halsey stumbles upon the scene and, despite attempts by both West and Dan to save him, is killed by the corpse. Armed with a bone saw, West dispatches the reanimated cadaver. Unfazed by the violence and excited at the prospect of working with a freshly dead specimen, West injects Halsey with the reagent. Halsey returns to life, but in a zombie-like state. Hill discovers West\'s work and gains guardianship over Halsey, whom he puts in a padded cell adjacent to his office. Dan and Megan break into Hill\'s office where they find evidence that Hill is obsessed with Megan and has lobotomized her father. Hill has gone to confront West in his basement lab and threatens to blackmail him to continue his research so that Hill can take credit for West\'s reagent. While Hill is distracted, West decapitates Hill with a shovel. Overcome with curiosity, West re-animates both Hill\'s head and body. While West is questioning Hill\'s head and taking notes, Hill\'s body knocks him unconscious. The body carries the head and steals West\'s reagent, returning to Hill\'s office. Exercising mind control over Halsey, Hill sends him out to kidnap Megan from Dan. West and Dan track Halsey to the morgue, where they find Hill\'s body holding his head in a compromising position over a restrained Megan. West distracts Hill while Dan frees Megan. Hill reveals that he has re-animated and lobotomized several corpses from the morgue to do his bidding. However, Megan manages to get through to her father, who fights off the other corpses long enough for Dan and Megan to escape. In the ensuing chaos, Halsey is torn to pieces by the corpses after he destroys Hill\'s head and West injects Hill\'s body with what he believes is a lethal overdose of the reagent which began to destroy Hill\'s body. Hill\'s body mutates horribly and attacks West, who screams out to Dan to save his work as he continues fighting. Dan retrieves the satchel containing West\'s reagent. As Dan and Megan run from the morgue, one of the re-animated corpses attacks and kills Megan. Dan takes her to the hospital emergency room and tries in vain to revive her. In despair, he injects her with reagent. Just after the scene fades to black, Megan screams, implying that her re-animation has backfired.'] ['Altered is the story of four men who seek revenge on aliens that abducted them and murdered their friend many years ago. As is explained via dialogue throughout the film, fifteen years before the events shown in the film, a group of five fifteen-year-old friends living in a remote American town were captured and experimented on by aliens while on a hunting trip. Only four of the friends returned alive. The main character  has since distanced himself from his childhood friends and is shown to have decided to live with the past, albeit in apparent constant paranoia. Two of the remaining three characters however have been obsessed by revenge and have persuaded the remaining, somewhat leadable, character that this is the correct course of action to take. The story opens with the tracking and subsequent capture of a lone alien - the consequences of which Wyatt and the three friends soon become deeply involved in.'] ["In preparation for sending a manned rocket into space, American scientists Dr. Quent Brady and Dan Morgan are put in charge of a program that sends various animals and insects into space to test their survival rates. After one of their rockets carrying wasps malfunctions and goes off course, a computer calculates that the rocket is likely to land somewhere off the coast of Africa. Some time later, in a remote part of Africa, Dr. Lorentz and his daughter Lorna perform an autopsy on a native and determine that he died of paralysis of the nerve centers caused by an injection of a massive amount of venom. Arobi, Lorentz' African assistant, then informs him that a monster is believed to be terrorizing people and animals in an area known as Green Hell. Several months later, Brady reads a newspaper account of turmoil in Central Africa caused by gigantic monsters and surmises that the wasps in the missing rocket were exposed to huge amounts of cosmic radiation because an earlier, minimal overexposure had resulted in the birth of a spider crab twice the size of its mother. Brady and Morgan request a leave of absence from Washington and head for Africa to investigate. In Libreville, equatorial Africa, the territorial agent makes plans for them to travel to meet Dr. Lorentz. Once the safari is ready, Mahri, an Arab, leads Brady and Morgan on the four-hundred mile trek to Lorentz' hospital. The safari battles brush fires, fever, drought and storms, eventually reaching the Lorentz compound where Lorna informs them that her father has not returned from a journey to Green Hell. Later, Arobi arrives with the news that Lorentz has been killed by a monster living in the cauldron of a volcano and gives Brady a giant stinger he removed from the doctor's shoulder. After Brady analyzes the stinger, he confirms that it belongs to a giant, deadly wasp. Although Brady advises Lorna to stay at the hospital, she insists on accompanying him, Morgan, Mahri and Arobi to Green Hell. When the native bearers learn of the destination, they desert, and although Lorna is able to shame several local villagers into helping, they, too, run off when the group comes upon a deserted native village littered with dead bodies. After Brady expresses his concern that the insects may be multiplying rapidly and could eventually overrun all of Africa, he states that they must destroy the queen and her immediate colony. Brady then explains to Mahri that he has brought small, grenade-like bombs, filled with a special explosive, to use against the monsters. As they move closer to the base of the volcano, which shows signs of an imminent eruption, they hear a very loud, buzzing sound. When Brady looks down from a ridge above the volcano, he finds the queen and several gigantic wasps. The four men toss grenades into the bowl, but the explosions only serve to anger the wasps. Lorna and the men are pursued by one of the wasps, the size of a large building, but hide in a cave that it cannot enter. The group escapes through another entrance, and, just as they emerge, the volcano erupts, spewing massive lava flows that destroy all the wasps in the conflagration. Morgan then notes that nature has a way of destroying its mistakes."] ["A young female scanner is troubled by the painful side-effects of her powers. This drives her to try her adoptive father's experimental drug called Eph3  - a variant of the Ephemerol, which cuts off moral conscience and causes her to become a megalomaniac. She kills her father and takes over his pharmaceutical company. Her long-lost adopted brother, also a Scanner, is alerted to her dangerous behavior and returns to stop her. As her rise to power and desire for global dominance gains momentum, her brother must fend off the attackers sent after him and ultimately defeat his sister to save the world."] ["Two huge interplanetary ships on an expedition into deep uncharted space receive a distress signal emanating from Aura, an unexplored planet. Both ships, the Galliott and the Argos, attempt to land on the surface of the fog-encased world. While entering the planet's atmosphere, the crew of the Argos becomes possessed by an unknown force and try to violently kill each other. Only Captain Markary  has the will to resist, and is able to force all of the others aboard his ship out of their hypnotic, murderous state. After the Argos lands on the surface, the crew disembarks and explores the eerie landscape in search of the Galliott. Thick, pulsating mists, lit by ever-shifting eerie colors, saturate the terrain. When they finally arrive at the other ship, they find that the crewmembers have killed each other. Markary's younger brother, Toby, is among the dead. They proceed to bury as many of the corpses as they can, but several bodies are locked inside the ship's bridge. Markary departs to get tools for opening the sealed room, but the corpses disappear by the time he returns. Some of the Argos' crew are found dead. Tiona  sees their corpses walking in the ship, and becomes paralyzed with fear. Markary advises the survivors that they must escape from Aura. Unfortunately, the Argos incurred serious damage during the landing, and repairs will take time. During the waiting period that ensues, several more killings occur. In a private tape recording, Markary admits that he suspects none of them will survive. While exploring Aura, Wes  discovers the ruins of a spaceship a few miles from the Argos. Markary, Sanya  and Carter  investigate. Inside the ship, they discover large skeletal remains of the long dead crew and thus realize that they are not the first ones to have been drawn to the planet by the distress beacon. Markary and Sanya are temporarily trapped inside the ship, but manage to escape and return to the Argos. Carter inexplicably vanishes.  Two crew members of the Galliott, Kier  and Sallis , arrive at the Argos to steal the ship's Meteor Rejector device. Kier escapes with the machine, but Markary fights Sallis. Markary tears open Sallis' uniform, exposing his putrescent body. He learns that Sallis' corpse is being manipulated by an Auran, who reveals that the two ships were lured to the planet in order for the Aurans to escape from their dying world. With the crew of the Galliott under their complete control, they plan to use the ship to escape to the humans' home planet. Markary vows to stop them. Markary and his crew rush to the Galliott to retrieve the Meteor Rejector. They are successful, and manage to place explosives in the ship. During a struggle with the Aurans, Dr. Karan  and Tiona are killed. Markary and Sanya return to the Argos and manage to escape as the Galliott is destroyed. After takeoff, however, they reveal themselves to be possessed by Aurans. They ask Wes, the last survivor, to join them. Wes refuses and tries to sabotage the Meteor Rejector, but fatally electrocutes himself while doing so. Because the device has been broken beyond repair, Markary and Sanya decide to change course to a nearby planet: Earth."] [' Ellen Ripley , the only survivor of the space freighter Nostromo, is rescued and revived after drifting for fifty-seven years in stasis. At an interview before a panel of executives from her employer, the Weyland-Yutani Corporation, her testimony regarding the Alien is met with extreme skepticism as she has no physical evidence. Ripley loses her space-flight license as a result of her "questionable judgment" and learns that LV-426, the planet where her crew first encountered the Alien eggs, is now home to a terraforming colony. Ripley is later visited by Weyland-Yutani representative Carter Burke  and Lieutenant Gorman ([[William Hope  of the Colonial Marines, who inform her that contact has been lost with the colony on LV-426. The company decides to dispatch Burke and a unit of marines to investigate, and offers to restore Ripley\'s flight status and pick up her contract if she will accompany them as a consultant. Traumatized by her previous encounter with the Alien, Ripley initially refuses, but accepts after Burke promises that the team will destroy any Aliens found and not attempt to study them. Aboard the warship Sulaco she is introduced to the Colonial Marines, including Sergeant Apone , Corporal Hicks , Privates Vasquez  and Hudson , and the android Bishop , toward whom Ripley is initially hostile due to her previous experience with the android Ash aboard the Nostromo. The expedition descends to the surface of LV-426 via dropship, where they find the colony seemingly abandoned. Two living facehuggers are found in containment tanks in the medical lab. The only colonist found is a traumatized young girl nicknamed Newt . The marines determine that the colonists are clustered in the nuclear-powered atmosphere processing station, where they find a large Alien nest filled with the cocooned colonists. The Aliens attack, killing most of the unit and capturing Apone and Dietrich. Ripley is able to rescue Hicks, Vasquez, and Hudson. With Gorman knocked unconscious during the rescue, Hicks assumes command and orders the dropship to recover the survivors, intending to return to the Sulaco and destroy the colony from orbit. A stowaway Alien kills the dropship pilots in flight, causing the vessel to crash into the processing station. The surviving humans barricade themselves inside the colony complex. Ripley discovers that it was Burke who ordered the colonists to investigate the derelict spaceship where the Nostromo crew first encountered the Alien eggs, and that he hopes to return Alien specimens to the company laboratories where he can profit from their use as biological weapons. She threatens to expose him, but Bishop soon informs the group of a greater threat: the damaged processing station has become unstable and will soon detonate with the force of a thermonuclear weapon. He volunteers to use the colony\'s transmitter to pilot the Sulaco\'s remaining dropship to the surface by remote control so that the group can escape. Ripley and Newt fall asleep in the medical laboratory, awakening to find themselves locked in the room with the two facehuggers, which have been released from their tanks. Ripley is able to alert the marines, who rescue them and kill the creatures. Ripley accuses Burke of attempting to smuggle implanted Alien embryos past Earth\'s quarantine inside her and Newt, and of planning to kill the rest of the marines in hypersleep during the return trip so that no one could contradict his version of events. The electricity is suddenly cut off and numerous Aliens attack through the ceiling. Hudson, Burke, Gorman, and Vasquez are killed while Newt is captured by the Aliens. Ripley and an injured Hicks reach Bishop and the second dropship, but Ripley refuses to leave Newt behind. She rescues Newt from the hive in the processing station, where the two encounter the Alien queen and her egg chamber. Ripley destroys most of the eggs, enraging the queen, who escapes by tearing free from her ovipositor. Closely pursued by the queen, Ripley and Newt rendezvous with Bishop and Hicks on the dropship and escape moments before the colony is consumed by the nuclear blast. Back on the Sulaco, Ripley and Bishop\'s relief at their escape is interrupted when the Alien queen, stowed away on the dropship\'s landing gear, impales Bishop and tears him in half. Ripley battles the queen using an exosuit cargo-loader, before expelling it into space through an airlock. Ripley, Newt, Hicks and the still-functioning Bishop then enter hypersleep for the return to Earth.'] ['Set in the American Southwest, Doc  is an alcoholic security watchman protecting digging equipment from environmental activists, though he befriends one of them named Thrush . Meanwhile, Dr. Jane Tiptree  of the Eunice Corporation is breeding a strain of extra large and fertile chickens by splicing their DNA with that of crocodiles, iguanas, albatrosses, and ostriches. Unknown to the Corporation\'s sponsors however, Triptree is impregnating several of the chickens with dinosaur DNA. One of her resulting creatures, a Deinonychus, escapes and kills the activists, as well as other civilians. Doc investigates and discovers that Tiptree is also creating a virus which causes women to fatally conceive baby dinosaurs, in order to wipe out humanity and thus allow Carnosaurs and Raptors to reclaim the Earth as their own. After narrowly escaping a Tyrannosaurus and the lab, Doc and Thrush battle it with skidsteers near the end of the film . The government infiltrates the community in order to "sterilize" the situation by shooting all the civilians, infected or not. In the end, Thrush dies from the virus and Doc is shot by government soldiers, then their bodies are burned.'] ['The film takes place in the Lochmouth area of Scotland, near Glasgow. A group of soldiers are taking turns using a Geiger counter to find a small and harmless hidden source of radioactivity in a wide pit area. Private Lansing finds another mysterious source of radiation where ground water starts to boil. As the other soldiers begin to run, there is an explosion. Lansing, who was closest to the explosion, dies of radiation burns while another soldier has bad radiation burns to his back. At the site of the explosion, there is a Y-shaped crack in the ground with no apparent bottom. Dr. Royston from a nearby Atomic Energy establishment at Lochmouth is called in to investigate, along with Inspector McGill who runs security at the UK Atomic Energy Commission. That night, a local boy, on a dare from his friend, goes to a tower on the marshes. He sees a horrific off-camera sight. He refuses to tell his friend what has happened but continues running. The friend follows. Royston investigates the tower and finds an old man inside who had a canister of a formerly radioactive material now drained of radioactivity. The boy dies next day from radiation burns. Shortly afterwards, a young doctor named Unwin is having an intimate encounter with a nurse in a radiation lab at the hospital when something off-camera reduces him to a charred corpse and leaves the nurse out of her mind and screaming. Royston hypothesizes that a form of life, existing in distant prehistory when the Earth\'s surface was largely molten, had been trapped by the crust of the Earth as it cooled; every 50 years there is a tidal surge that these creatures feel, which causes them to try to reach the surface in order to find food from radioactive sources. Two soldiers have been left to guard the pit. One goes to investigate a mysterious glow in the pit. The other one hears his screams and goes to investigate. He shoots at something off-camera, but is killed. The next day, a soldier named Elliott volunteers to be lowered into the crack, and on his way down sees a skull. Farther down, he sees the monster, still off camera, and his compatriots race to get him back to the surface again before the monster can reach him. The army uses flamethrowers and explosives in an attempt to kill the creatures, then it seals the crack with concrete. Royston points out that the monster broke through miles of Earth to get to the surface, so a few feet of concrete would be unable to stop it. Meanwhile he continues with his pet experiment, discovering a way to neutralize radiation using radio waves tuned to a certain frequency. The monster comes out again that night; it is shown to be an amorphous glowing mass . Some distance away, a car with four people in it is badly burned and all four people are melted. The thing travels to Lochmouth Atomic Energy establishment to get the cobalt used there. The Lochmouth inhabitants hide in a chapel as the monster approaches them. The creature raids the nuclear establishment before the authorities can remove the radioactive cobalt to a safe distance. As a result the creature grows even larger. As it returns through the village of Lochmouth, it narrowly misses the chapel and a little girl who has gone outside to play. Royston and McGill hypothesize that the creature will move through the centre of Inverness, a nearby town, to reach another source of radioactive material nearby. Royston has some success with his anti-radiation device which neutralises a small container containing a radioactive source but causes it to explode violently. With no time left for further experimentation or consideration of safety, they set up two large "scanners" on lorries, and use a canister of cobalt as bait to lure the monster from where it is hidden. The idea works, but the soldier carrying the bait barely escapes with his life when his jeep becomes stuck in mud whilst leading the monster into scanner range. However, the jeep is close enough for the scanners to do their job, and the creature is neutralised and explodes a sufficient distance from the observers to avoid further injury or death.'] ['Genetic engineers Clive Nicoli  and Elsa Kast  hope to achieve fame by successfully splicing together the DNA of different animals to create new hybrid animals for medical use. They have just created the second in a pair of hybrids; the new male specimen, Fred, is intended as a mate for the original specimen, a female called Ginger. After their success, Clive and Elsa want to use human DNA to create a hybrid that could revolutionize science and medicine, but are forbidden by the pharmaceutical company that funds their research called N.E.R.D. , instead mandating that their department be re-organized to focus on finding and extracting certain proteins from the creatures they have already created. Secretly, Clive and Elsa conduct their own experiments, blending human DNA with that of other animals. Although they initially plan not to bring the hybrid to full term, Elsa pushes the issue and persuades Clive to go along with it, in continued secrecy. The hybrid appears deformed and aggressive when it stings Elsa several times after "birth" with a retractable stinger in its tail. Clive and Elsa believe they have killed the hybrid only to discover that within the body was the true hybrid. After anesthetizing and examining the creature, they discover that she is aging at an accelerated rate. Clive is still adamant that the creature should be killed, but Elsa convinces him that it is too late, and points out that, since the hybrid is slowly dying anyway, they should take advantage of this unique opportunity to observe its complete life cycle. As time passes the creature grows and learns at an accelerated rate and the two scientists discover that she is capable of breathing amphibiously and can live underwater too. Elsa eventually names the creature Dren  which is spelled "nerd" backwards. Elsa refuses to let Clive refer to her as a "specimen." Due to Dren\'s demands on their time, Elsa and Clive begin to neglect their work, and fail to read the logs kept by the other lab technicians on the progress of their original hybrids, Fred and Ginger. At the highly publicized "unveiling" of the two specimens, instead of mating, as expected, Fred and Ginger violently kill each other, creating a public relations disaster for the N.E.R.D. company. It is subsequently discovered that the female hybrid Ginger had spontaneously changed to a male, but Elsa and Clive had failed to notice because they were so wrapped up in caring for Dren. Elsa forms a motherly bond with Dren. As their lab becomes more and more crowded and after Dren attacks Clive\'s brother/fellow lab technician Gavin , they move Dren to Elsa\'s late mother\'s farm. The audience learns that Dren has become carnivorous as she attacks and consumes a rabbit near the farm. As Dren grows into adolescence, she becomes moody and petulant. She becomes bored being locked up in the barn and wants to go outside, but Elsa and Clive refuse as letting her outside could expose her to other people. Soon, Clive realizes that the human DNA used to make Dren was not from a "Jane Doe" as Elsa had told him, but from Elsa herself. Eventually, Dren lashes out killing a pet cat out of spite and then assaulting Elsa as Dren suddenly develops retractable wings. Elsa reacts by reverting back to the role of scientist. She ties Dren up, refuses to speak to her , and removing the stinger from her tail. She then uses the living tissue from the stinger part of the tail to finally isolate and synthesize the protein they had been searching for. Soon after Dren jumps naked on Clive. He initially refuses her sexual overtures but they eventually have sex, only to be interrupted by Elsa. Clive follows Elsa back to their apartment, and they have a heated argument, in which Clive confronts her about having used her own DNA to create Dren. He accuses Elsa of never wanting a normal child because she was afraid of losing control, which was why she insisted on creating a creature in the context of a scientific experiment, where control could be assured. He says that the line between right and wrong has become blurred. The two finally decide to terminate the experiment and presumably end Dren\'s life. When they return to the farm, they discover that Dren is dying. Hours later, they bury her behind the barn. Soon afterwards, their boss William Barlow  arrives with Gavin. Due to the human DNA found present in the samples Elsa worked with to synthesize the new protein, Barlow had immediately suspected that some sort of human hybrid has been created. Gavin, aware of Dren\'s existence, had confirmed Barlow\'s suspicions. Just as Elsa is telling him that Dren is already dead, Dren attacks them, killing first Barlow and then Gavin. Clive and Elsa realize that like Ginger, Dren has spontaneously changed sex and is now male. Dren then attacks Clive, wounding him, and then hunts down Elsa and rapes her. He is interrupted by Clive who stabs Dren through the chest. Dren attacks Clive again, but Elsa hits Dren on the head with a large rock, knocking him to the ground. As she raises the rock again to deliver the fatal blow, Dren meets her eyes and she hesitates. In Elsa\'s moment of hesitation, Dren stabs Clive through the heart with his tail stinger , and Clive is killed. Elsa then slams the rock down on Dren\'s head killing him. In the final scene, Elsa is seen in an office with the head of the N.E.R.D. pharmaceutical company. The head of N.E.R.D. tells Elsa that Dren has turned out to be quite valuable as his body apparently contains countless chemical compounds and genes that have never been seen before. She says that the company will be filling out patents for years. She refers to the "very generous" amount of money that Elsa has been offered in exchange for her silence over Dren and for taking the experiment to the "next stage." Elsa appears to have already accepted the offer. She stands up and is revealed to be pregnant saying, "What\'s the worst that could happen?", calling back to a scene earlier in the film where the same phrase is used during unprotected sex between Elsa and Clive. This also opens the possibility that the father is Clive, not Dren.'] ['The story is set in a town in the American Southwest. Young Charles Cannon ([[Stephen Parker , after seeing a meteor crash in the desert heads out to investigate it. He becomes exposed to rays from the meteor and ages rapidly. He is now about ten years older, hairy, aggressive, and psychopathic. His mother hides him in the basement to protect him from the law.'] ["A young veterinarian intern named David Kellum discovers he has mental abilities allowing him to read and control the minds of others. When he moves from his country home to the city to continue his studies he discovers he has difficulty controlling this ability because of the congestion of so many minds. He stumbles across someone robbing a store and mentally kills the gunman. Police Commander John Forrester watches the store's security tape and plans to secretly enlist David to work for him. He tells David that he knows what he is, a Scanner, and that there are others like him around the world. He asks for David's help tracking down elusive criminals and David agrees. After capturing of a man who put strychnine in milk containers across the city, Forrester introduces David to another Scanner named Peter Drak, who also works for him. Drak proves to be more aggressive when using of his powers. Forrester teaches David some techniques using Drak as a test subject. Drak considers Kellum an enemy but is injected with the drug Eph2, a variant of Ephemerol, which calms him before he could harm David. The drug Ephemerol was what originally created the Scanners. It was given to ease the discomfort of expecting mothers to in the 1950s. A side effect caused the babies to develop into Scanners. Forrester tells David that although Eph2 manages to calm a Scanner's mind, the drug is addictive and that he should never use it. Forrester encourages him to develop and control his mental abilities on his own, free from the drug. David feels he is accomplishing something helping law enforcement. This changes when Forrester wants him to control the mayor and have her announce Forrester as Chief of Police. Forrester reassures him that it is the best for everyone and that together they can stop the crime. David, feeling guilty, disagrees and questions Forrester's agenda. He explains to the mayor how he forced her to appoint Forrester and apologizes. They then plan a way to remove Forrester from office. David tells Forrester that he is quitting, so Forrester has Drak attack David and kill the mayor before she can react. The mayor is killed but David escapes and hides at his parents home. He asks his parents about his abilities, and they tell him he was adopted. They explain that his birth parents were Cameron Vale and Kim Obrist . Vale and Obrist told them about his abilities and that he was in danger. They took David in as their own. David needs to go for a walk but while he is gone, Drak and his accomplices kill David's mother and leave David's father for dead. When David returns, his father tells about his older sister, Julie Vale. He leaves his father with the paramedics to search for his sister. He finds Julie in a secluded cabin. She confirms who she is and explains that their parents were killed by Forrester for resisting him. She also states that her former boyfriend Walter agreed to test the earlier version 1 Ephemerol and was one of the first Scanners to use the drug, a more unstable version. Walter was kidnapped by Forrester and never seen again. Julie agrees to help David. Together they go to Forrester's secret compound and discover that Walter is alive and one of the test subjects addicted to Eph2. Julie and David disable the perimeter guards but inside the compound Julie is tranqilized by a dart. David leaves her behind so he can destroy the research and free the test subject Scanners. Drak attacks David in the test subject quarters and tries to kill him. Drak almost succeeds, but is stopped by a combined attack by all the test subjects, which psychically drains Drak's life force. The process reverses the physical damage the addicted Scanners were suffering from, as well as David's injuries from Drak's attack. Forrester arrives on the scene, in response to David and Julie's assault. At the same time television news reporters and camera crews also show up. He denies the existence of Scanners and any ties to the mayor's death. David mentally forces Forrester to admit his involvement and motivation in front of the cameras. Afterward, Forrester grabs a gun and tries to shoot David, but David and Julie physically deform Forrester using telekinesis, all while cameras continue to record. David announces that Scanners mean no harm and only want to live in peace."] ['Harry Benson, an extremely intelligent  computer programmer in his 30s, suffers from epilepsy. He often has seizures which induce a blackout, after which he awakens to unfamiliar surroundings with no knowledge of what he has done. He also suffers from delusions that computers will rise up against humans. Benson suffers from Acute Disinhibitory Lesion  syndrome, and is a prime candidate for an operation known as "Stage Three". Stage Three requires surgeons to implant electrodes in his brain and connect them to a miniature computer in his chest which is meant to control the seizures. The operation is presented with no musical score; the only sounds are from the surgeons, from the medical procedure itself, and from medical students viewing from above. The surgery is a success. Benson\'s psychiatrist, Janet Ross, is concerned that once the operation is complete, Benson will suffer further psychosis as a result of his person merging with that of a computer, something he has come to distrust and disdain.'] ['The film starts with a man, Ryjkin, trying to escape from the Cube. He enters a cube, and is sprayed with liquid, but thinks it is only water. However, when he rubs the back of his hand, a piece of flesh falls off, and he realizes that his body is disintegrating, and that he was sprayed with a very strong base. He then melts on the floor, screaming. A man named Eric watching this in an observation room with his co-worker named Dodd, reveals that it is only a filmed tape. Afterwards, Eric is shown to be sketching a portrait of Dodd , whilst playing chess with Dodd, who has a chess board in front of him, which Eric is not looking at, as he is on the other table, just drawing and naming his moves. Eric is vastly intelligent, so he can already calculate all of Dodd\'s moves. After Eric wins, he asks Dodd questions about their missing colleagues, but Dodd tells him not to ask too many questions or get involved with the occupants of the Cube, because it wouldn\'t make "those upstairs" happy. Both Eric and Dodd get an order from "upstairs", which asks them to record the dream of a subject, Cassandra Rains. In her dream, Eric sees that she was captured, while walking in a pleasant forest with her daughter named Anna. After waking, Cassandra meets the other occupants of the Cube. One of the males placed in the cube, Robert Haskell, has a tattoo on his forehead like the soldier who captured Cassandra. However, Haskell, like everyone else, has no recollection of his former life, nor how he got here, he only knows his name. According to what Eric and Dodd know, everyone in The Cube was facing a death sentence and was presented a choice: Go in the Cube with their memory completely erased or be put on a death sentence. Only if a person signs the consent form will he or she then be placed in The Cube. Eric discovers that there is no consent form in Cassandra\'s file and argues with Dodd that they should inform the people "upstairs" about this. Meanwhile, Eric and Dodd get "lunch" from "upstairs", from the elevator, which is actually a pill containing a flavour they have ordered. Just when he is about to make a call to the superiors, the phone rings. They are instructed to perform the "exit procedure" for a subject who has reached one of the exits of the Cube and is facing his final challenge. They see that it is one of their former colleagues, Owen. During the exit procedure, Owen is first asked  if he remembers his name. Owen is then asked if he believes in God, and when he answers no, Eric is ordered to press the "no" button. After he does, Owen is immediately incinerated. Eric argues with Dodd over the fate of Owen, on which he says that he said "no", and that no one said yes. Eric realizes that the Cube is inhumane, and that those "upstairs" are planning to place people in The Cube without their consent and that they will just randomly place anyone inside The Cube. He decides to enter The Cube to help Cassandra escape it. He distracts Dodd and enters the elevator, which contain only three buttons, UP , MIDDLE , and DOWN . He selects DOWN, and enters the room. Jax, one of the Cube\'s supervisors who monitor the employees, and two of his analysts arrive from "upstairs" to stop Eric from helping Cassandra. Despite their efforts to stop them, Eric and Cassandra make it to the exit room with the help of Dodd, who sabotages the control panels servicing The Cube, and swallows the main power coupler for the cameras inside the Cube, saying "you will have to take it out of me". Jax kills him with a knife, and cuts his stomach and gets the coupler. The sabotage reset the Cube and caused every trap to shut down, which Eric planned. He also informs Cassandra that they only have 10 minutes to escape before The Cube enters the "Reset Mode", which vaporizes every living thing in all of the rooms. Once Eric and Cassandra reach an "exit room", Haskell catches them, now a hacked soldier who tries to capture them. They escape using a secret auxiliary exit just as The Cube enters "Reset Mode", which vaporizes Haskell. They escape in the lake and end up in the forest. However, soldiers searching for them have already arrived. Cassandra manages to escape, but Eric is shot by a dart and passes out. Eric wakes up in a surgery room and confronts Jax, who reveals that Cassandra may have gotten away, but Eric had been found guilty of "high treason" and "sabotage" against "country and God." He has been sentenced to "two lifetimes" and will be implanted with a brain microchip. Jax claims Eric has already been convicted in a trial. Jax shows him his consent form and says he had been put in the Cube not as a victim, but as an observer, with his memory reprogramed so he would have no memory about his past life. Eric dreams about Cassandra reuniting with her daughter and praising Eric as "a superhero." Eric is then given a lobotomy so he would have no emotion, and placed in The Cube. This time, he is the victim. His behavior is identical to Kazan, an autistic man from the first movie.'] ["A group of technicians and scientists are called on to investigate the power shortage at a top-secret mining facility, located in the middle of nowhere. The facility, once a uranium mine, laboratory, and refinery, has been a site for radioactive dumping and top-secret experiments. They are unable to reach anyone at the facility, and when they land, no one is around. Three go to the control room to try and reboot the system, while the other three decide to form a small search party in hopes of finding the missing crew. They find the break room completely ransacked and covered in blood, however they do manage to find a teenage boy named Jesse, in a catatonic state from shock, apparently hiding from something. They take him back to the computer control center and demand answers from Major Tom McQuade, the head of the mission, who evades their questions. When they demand to leave, he refuses and orders them back to work, despite their continuing problems with the communications equipment. The main crew heads down to a lower level to investigate the situation while the pilot, Galloway and computer expert Moses stay in the control center with Jesse. On the lower level, the crew gets more and more suspicious but McQuade continues to act as if he knows nothing. The crew finds a huge tooth which seems to bother him. Then something almost drags a horrified McQuade down a tunnel. The crew goes from puzzled to completely horrified and runs, bent on escape, realizing that McQuade had been up to something after all. In the computer center, Jesse freaks out at the screams coming from the radio from the search party, as he knows what is posing a danger to the crew. Moses hears a strange sound and looks up to see a Velociraptor, which viciously attacks him, brutally beating and ripping him apart. Galloway returns to see the attack and flees, heading for the helicopter, where the rest of the crew decides to follow her, deciding to abandon the mission while they still can save themselves. Galloway starts up the helicopter, and waits anxiously for the rest of the crew to arrive, but she is suddenly attacked from behind by one of the raptors. Galloway frantically attempts to fend off the dinosaur, losing control of the chopper in the process. The helicopter crashes and explodes, leaving no possibility of escape, and leaving the crew virtually hopeless. With nothing left, they decide to go back inside and wait out the situation by taking refuge in the control room. There, they finally learn of the dinosaur's origins from McQuade: a brilliant genetic scientist working for a poultry company goes mad and decides to wipe out all of humanity by using a virus made from prehistoric DNA to impregnate the birds with dinosaurs. She later decides to make the virus for humans. The government narrowly contained the situation, but kept some of the eggs for analysis, storing them in the plant to be hidden. Unfortionately, the eggs hatched and killed off the entire crew, therefore putting the plant in danger of a meltdown. Left with no choice, McQuade organized the mission to prevent the meltdown and save the dinosaurs for research. Using dynamite, the group decides to try and seal off the lower levels to keep anymore dinosaurs from getting in, leaving McQuade and Rawlins behind with Jesse. McQuade chases after them, knocking out Monk, but is beaten after a brief fight. McQuade finally explains that he was trying to stop them from going into the facility's lower levels, because it contains massive amounts of nuclear radiation, waste, and warheads in the lower levels, and it is a nuclear hot spot because the nuclear waste is leaking. Jesse comes up with the idea of crashing the computers to send the site into emergency mode, which should get an evacuation squad to come and rescue them. Once Jesse is able to get the code and the plan is put into place, the group begins making its way back to the surface. They continue using dynamite to hold off any dinosaurs while getting to the elevator. While they are going up, a raptor gets on top of the elevator and manages to pull Rawlins out of it. In a particularly graphic scene, the raptor rips off Rawlins' arm and then splitting open her stomach, pulling her bowels to eat, while the others have to listen to her agonizing process to death. Monk and McQuade get injured so they stay behind with the dynamite, blowing themselves up along with the raptors that are on their tail. Jesse and Jack, now on their own, continue making their way to the surface. They run into a large Tyrannosaurus, but manage to escape in an elevator. Jack, however, has taken a long fall and is injured. Jesse runs outside to find the evacuation team waiting. He tries to get them to go back for Jack, but they refuse, so he runs back in himself. He manages to retrieve Jack and get him outside to the rescue helicopter, just as the T-Rex busts outside and bites the head off one of the rescue crew. Jesse runs back again, getting behind the wheel of a forklift and impaling the creature, managing to push it to the bottom of the elevator shaft. Safe, Jesse joins Jack and the remaining evacuation crew, while he uses a remote detonator to detonate the rest of the dynamite, destroying the facility as the helicopter flies off into the sunrise."] ['The film begins with a group of carefree teenagers on a camping trip. As they spend the night drinking and hanging out, a light appears overhead. Jean is the first to notice something wrong when she videotapes a UFO overhead. At first her friends do not believe her and are not convinced about the tape. That night while they are sitting around the campfire the aliens attack. Four flee for their lives, Jean still clutching the camera, but cannot escape and they are suddenly abducted by a UFO. They wake up in a cell on the ship. Jean uses the camera\'s night vision to explore the alien glyphs and passages. They eventually rounded up and pushed into a room where they are tied down and vivisected. Jean awakens in a hospital, suffering from terrible flashbacks. That night a shadowy figure sneaks into her room and staples something into the back of her neck, causing the flashbacks to stop and leaving Jean with no memory of the abduction. Jean is questioned by a staff psychiatrist, Dr. Booker, who reveals that she is in a special facility for UFO abductees. She has to remain there until they are certain that she can resume a normal life. The military attache, Commander Shakti, wants her lobotomized. Jean breaks into another wing of the hospital to find her friends and discovers that part of the hospital is reserved for mutants, the insane and the lobotomized. She sees a woman having her skull drilled. Jean is then captured by Shakti and given electric shock therapy until she is unconscious. When she wakes up, Shakti interrogates her and then sends her to an execution room. Jean lobotomizes the nurse instead and disguises the nurse as herself, by covering her with gore. She wanders around the basement, looking for a way out through the vents, until she finds an empty storage room. She explores the area, eventually finding her things in a box labelled with her name. She also finds her video camera with the tape missing, but still with its memory stick. She replays the video and is shocked to see the entire abduction on tape. She escapes the storage room, killing a guard on the way. She also sees and tapes a scientist tending alien larvae in a lab and a scientist masturbating the aliens\' genitals to extract sperm. Jean breaks into a worker\'s locker room and disguises herself. There she runs into her doctor Thomas. She finds out the aliens have escaped and are infecting the facility. When the infected are killed alien larva cracks out of their skulls and escape. Jean and Thomas try to save her friends but they are a mess and Todd barely remembers Jean. Jean just gets them to safety when Todd turns on them. Thomas shows Jean the way out and reveals that the hospital is actually part of the alien ship. Todd kills Britney and Thomas and an alien larva bursts out of Thomas\' head just as he dies. Jean is captured by an adult alien, but she shoots it in the throat. Later, Jean finds herself in another lab, looking at a series of human clones of her and her friends. Shakti explains that Jean died in the abduction and she was a clone. Jean, furiously kills her clone by pulling out its umbilical cord. Dr. Brooks fakes removing jean\'s memory suppression chip, used to keep her memory erased before returning her home. Shakti orders the clones of her friends be resurrected as well. However, since Dr. Brooks faked the procedure Jean\'s memory was never erased. Jean, Todd, Bud and Britney suddenly find themselves hiking in the woods on a sunny day, when a search and rescue helicopter spots them. They tell rescue team that they are fine. An army officer asks Jean: "Where have you been for the last two weeks?" The movie ends with Jean giving him a cheeky look.'] ['A group of kids break down while driving down a remote forest road. After a disturbing night alone in the woods, they stumble upon Camp Hiawatha in full swing and packed with seemingly happy teenagers. However, the teens and the camp itself are strangely trapped back in 1981. The clothes, the music, the hair, and the attitudes are 24 years back in time. The campers are forced to relive the same day and night over and over again. The night when a silent killer stalked the camp silencing campers and counselors one by one. The kids from the present struggle to understand and help the teens from 1981 break free of the curse. Working together both time-periods begin to learn about the different worlds from which they come and what it will take for all of them to survive.'] ['In 1959, on board a space ship, two aliens race to keep an experiment from being released by a third member of the crew. The seemingly possessed third alien shoots the canister into space where it crashes to Earth. Nearby, a college man takes his date to a parking spot when they see a falling star and investigate. Unfortunately, it lands in the path of an escaped criminally insane mental patient. As his date is attacked by the axe-wielding maniac, the boy finds the canister, from which a small leech-like thing jumps out and into his mouth. 28 years later, Chris Romero is pining over a love lost, being supported by his handicapped friend J.C. During pledge week at Corman University, Chris spots a girl, Cynthia Cronenberg, and seems to fall instantly in love. To get her attention, he decides that he must join a fraternity. As a part of their pledge , they must steal a cadaver from the university medical center and place it on the steps of the Phi Omega Gamma house. Chris and J.C. find one in a top secret room that is being kept in a state of suspended animation, but when it grabs one of their arms as they try to move it, they lose their nerve and run back to their dorm room. Meanwhile, Detective Ray Cameron, a cop that dated the girl killed back in 1959 and is haunted by the memories of what he found that night, is called in to the cryogenics lab break-in where there were two bodies, but one is now missing. The missing body is the one released from its cryogenics tomb - the same boy who found the alien experiment back in 1959. This missing body makes its way back to the same sorority house where he picked up his date 27 years earlier. The walking corpse comes to Cynthia\'s window where his head splits open and more of the leech creatures fall out and slither across the ground. Called to the scene, Ray finds the body with a large open wound in the face, similar to one that could have been made by an axe. The next day, Chris and J.C. are confronted by the frat brothers, upset over the fact that they believe they are responsible for the previous night\'s incident. After surviving their encounter, they are then taken in for questioning by the police. Based on the testimony of a janitor that witnessed them running out of university medical center, "screaming like banshees," they confess to breaking in, but deny taking the corpse out. That night, the attendant found dead gets up from his slab and runs into the same janitor. After the dead and buried cat of one of the sorority sisters comes back, Cynthia confesses it to Chris and J.C. and goes on about the dead body found at the sorority house. Although both are skeptical of her story about them being zombies, J.C. sees that she is leaning on Chris\' shoulder, and leaves the two alone to go to the bathroom, where the now-possessed janitor enters and lets loose more of the slugs. As Chris walks Cynthia back to the sorority house, he runs into Cameron who has overheard the entire story. Back at Ray\'s home, the two talk about their high school sweethearts. Ray\'s story is more elaborate as he goes on about how they broke up and he became a cop and how he was called out to the site where she had been hacked up by a lunatic. He goes on to tell of how he tracked down the escaped patient, killed him and buried him in the same spot on which the House Mother\'s cottage now sits. Just then, Ray gets a call where the House Mother has been hacked up to death by the axe-wielding corpse that broke in through the floor. The killer is finally tracked down and cornered by the police, but numerous gunshots have no effect. Cameron then takes his shotgun and blows its head off, which releases more of the little creeps. The next night, everyone is getting ready for the formal when Chris notices a tape recorder on which J.C. has recorded a posthumous message to his friend, telling him that one of the things has incubated in his brain and that he had discovered, after lighting one with a match, that heat can destroy them. Chris then runs into the boiler room, where his friend has told him he was headed in an attempt to kill those inside him. Chris then shows up at Ray\'s place, which Ray has sealed up, and he fills him in. After grabbing his gun and turning off the gas, he takes Chris to a police armory to get a flamethrower. They come to the sorority house just as Cynthia is breaking up with Brad who has become possessed. After killing him, the Delta fraternity brothers show up - despite having been killed in a bus crash. While Chris and Cynthia team up with shotgun and flamethrower to destroy the dead outside, Cameron does likewise inside. After stopping the horde, Chris spots more slugs racing across the ground that are headed into the house\'s basement. Cynthia remembers that this is where specimen brains are being kept. When they go down below, they find Cameron, tape across his mouth, prepping a can of gasoline. They also find the creatures gathered in a huge swarm in the corner. Cameron begins counting down as he splashes gasoline everywhere. Cynthia and Chris turn and run out of the house, counting down in sync with Cameron. Cameron fills the basement with gas and just as some of the parasites leap at him, he flicks his lighter and the house goes up in a fiery explosion. Watching the sorority house burn, Chris and Cynthia share a kiss. The scene ends when the dog that caused the bus accident returns, opens its mouth, and a slug jumps out.NIGHT OF THE CREEPS'] ['Four electricians, Dean, Junior, Ray and Shelly, are sent to turn off the power in an abandoned building before it\'s demolished. They notice there\'s a difference between the floor plans and the actual size of the building. Upon breaking down a door they discover an old laboratory, which contains a nuclear generator powering a device in the floor. They accidentally set off an alarm and then activate the device. Dean falls through a portal that\'s created and Junior goes after him, while Ray and Shelly read a journal left behind by the researchers. Dean and Junior appear outside in a deserted and web covered Chicago. Dean goes off to have a look around, while Junior waits for the others. Shelly, reading the journal, realizes that the researchers were attempting to make a gateway to a Parallel universe and he and Ray decide to step through the portal. Finding no one on the other side of the portal, Ray and Shelly set off and get a fright when Junior leaps out. Junior leads them to a broken down Armored car, with millions of dollars in the back. Junior, Ray and Shelly start celebrating, while Dean comes running back armed with a block of wood. Junior suddenly says "Guys" and steps forward with a claw in his stomach. Junior dies, and more creatures attack the others. A group of humans save the electricians and kill the creatures. They fight more of the creatures, and head back to the portal, Dean stops to help a survivor and the portal closes leaving him trapped. On Shelly\'s and Ray\'s side, the nuclear generator short circuits the portal. Shelly starts trying to fix it, while Ray goes off to call for help. The survivors bring Dean into the safehouse where they meet Crane. A female survivor, Elayna, insists that Dean come with them to see "The Old Man". She blindfolds him and they set out for the base. Meanwhile, Ray comes back saying that everyone thinks he\'s insane and refused to send anyone. He did however come back with a small arsenal of guns. Dean meets the Old Man, who is revealed to be Dr. Richard Moreli, the inventor of the portal who got trapped here 30 years ago. Dean tells him his friends are on the other side and trying to fix it. Dr. Moreli tells him when he opened the portal 30 years ago, it let in the giant Spider Queen, who proceeded to enslave or consume most of the human race. Elayna says the soldiers used to be normal people, but the Spider Queen\'s venom makes them completely under her control. Any survivors are made to show the soldiers where their base camp is, when the others go out and find the camps they are empty and bloodstained. They leave the base, to find the Spider Queen has been watching, they hear gunshots and find Shelly and Ray. The survivors bring them back to the base, and Shelly and Moreli start working on building a new portal. The lookouts spot creatures in the building and chase them. Dean and Ray stay behind to defend Shelly and Moreli. Dean gets impatient and goes off to help, leaving Ray alone. Dean, Crane and Elayna, meet up and go back for Moreli, but find Ray with a broken leg and alone. The three set out for the Queen\'s lair, while Ray stays behind to build traps. They find Moreli in the food chamber, but Shelly has been bitten. Shelly grabs Dean\'s gun and holds it to his head, telling them to go. The four race back to the base, while Shelly comes face to face with the Queen. Shelly tries to shoot her, but she is too far gone. She leads the Queen and her army to the base, and the creatures kill everyone but Crane, who kills all of the army but Shelly and the Queen. Crane collapses, and Moreli leaves the makeshift lab to go out to him. Crane dies in his arms, and the Queen leaps down and kills Moreli. Shelly enters the lab, turning off the power. Dean tries to get through to him, but fails and ends up killing him. Dean and Elayna work hurriedly on the portal, and they are just about to get it up and running when the Queen enters. Dean grabs the last two wires to connect, and he connects them to the Queen. The current starts moving between the two, and the Queen gets electrocuted. The portal opens and Dean and Elayna jump through. The strain on the power system causes it to explode, taking the Queen with it. Dean and Elayna wake up on a beach, and they share a kiss, just before a large flying animal attacks and presumably eats them, the two having apparently only made it to another alternate world and not home.'] ["Having survived being riddled with bullets at the end of The Creature from the Black Lagoon, the Gill-man is captured and sent to the Ocean Harbor Oceanarium in Florida, where he is studied by animal psychologist Professor Clete Ferguson and ichthyology student Helen Dobson. Helen and Clete quickly begin to fall in love, much to the chagrin of Joe Hayes, the Gill-man's keeper. The Gill-man takes an instant liking to Helen, which severely hampers Professor Ferguson's efforts to communicate with him. Ultimately, the Gill-man escapes from his tank, killing Joe in the process, and flees to the open ocean. Unable to stop thinking about Helen, he soon begins to stalk her and Ferguson, ultimately abducting her from a seaside restaurant where the two are at a party. Clete tries to give chase, but the Gill-man escapes to the water with his captive. Clete and the local law enforcement must now try to track down Helen and her amphibious abductor."] ['The website "horrorvision.com" has a mysterious secret... anyone who logs onto it winds up dead. After Dez, a web programmer, logs in his girlfriend and others are attacked. Only Dez and a mysterious man named Bradbury can stop the ominous forces intent on ruling the cyber-world.'] ['The film begins with Alice  apparently waking up at the mansion, as in the beginning of the first Resident Evil. Alice defeats obstacles she had encountered or watched being encountered in the first film, though she is eventually killed by a bouncing mine. Her body is dumped into a pit that is full of Alice clones. The camera zooms out from the underground facility\'s camouflaged entrance. Despite all the Umbrella activities and attempts to quarantine and sanitize Raccoon City, the virus managed to leave the quarantine, and it has spread around the world. As organisms were infected, the environment became destroyed. Umbrella has placed facilities underground to prevent the human survivors from finding out about Umbrella\'s experiments. Five years after the spread, the rest of the world eventually turned into deserted wastelands. Meanwhile, the original Alice wanders the deserts of the Southwestern U.S. She has separated from the rest of her group for their own protection, as Umbrella is tracking her and she is afraid that they will kill anyone linked to her. She searches for supplies and travels on a motorcycle. Alice hears a call for help during this and goes to investigate, only to discover it is some survivors playing a cruel joke. They catch her and a man starts trying to sexually assault her. She warns him not to touch her, but he just slaps her, so she kicks him, killing him. Another man knocks her out. She wakes in a pit, and the sadistic survivors force her to face zombie dogs but she defeats them, also collapsing the ground, allowing the dogs to get up to the survivors and kill them. Alice escapes, unhurt. In the Umbrella facility, Dr. Sam Isaacs  considers Alice\'s re-capture a top priority since she has the ability to bond with the T-virus. He tries to persuade the Umbrella board that he can use her blood to develop a permanent cure, as well as tame the infected. The new Umbrella chairman Albert Wesker  refuses the re-capture, and orders Isaacs to use the clones to create a cure, with no authorization to recapture Alice until they are aware of her location and ability to capture her. Meanwhile, Claire Redfield\'s  convoy, which includes the Raccoon City survivors Carlos Olivera  and Lloyd "L.J." Jefferson Wade , along with new survivors K-Mart , Mikey ([[Chris Egan , Chase  and Nurse Betty ([[Ashanti  along with others, travels cross-country, looking for medical supplies, food, water, gas, and permanent shelter. One day, in a deserted town, while searching for supplies, L.J. is bitten, but keeps it a secret. The next morning, the convoy is attacked by infected crows, whom Claire deduces were feeding on the infected flesh. The crows almost overpower the convoy, killing Nurse Betty and taking out the flamethrower operator, causing the weapon to careen out of control. Alice appears and saves Carlos and others. She uses her psionic powers to cover the sky with a blanket of fire from the flamethrower, killing the remaining crows. But after that she passes out, having pushed her powers to the limit. Carlos catches her, holding her close, hinting that they may become close. She comes round later, safe with the covoy and being watched over by K-Mart. She is introduced to Claire, giving her a diary she found. The book claims there is a "safe zone" in Alaska. Alice and Carlos convince Claire to take her convoy to Alaska. They agree to go to Las Vegas to search for supplies for their trip to Alaska. Meanwhile, in the facility, Dr. Isaacs\' attempts to domesticate the infected have led to a new zombie breed. Wesker\'s security officer, Captain Slater , is adamant about Isaacs not disregarding Umbrella\'s regulations. Slater does admit that the "super zombies"  would be useful, but reiterates that Isaacs is out of control with his new horde, and he is losing his mind trying to re-capture Alice. Umbrella triangulates Alice\'s location based on her psionic abilities. Dr. Isaacs has a crate of his new zombies sent to ambush the convoy, against Wesker\'s orders. Most of the convoy, including Chase and Mikey, are killed in the ambush and Carlos is infected by L.J. as he turns. Umbrella tries to shut Alice down remotely, but she breaks free from their programming and continues to fight. She finds and kills the Umbrella team at the scene and Isaacs becomes infected as he flees. Alice and K-Mart use Isaacs\' computer to track the helicopter\'s flight path, leading to Umbrella\'s underground location. The convoy arrives at the site, which is surrounded by infected. Carlos begins to slowly succumb to the virus, and he sacrifices himself by plowing his truck into the infected mob and blowing them up, giving Alice and Claire time to load survivors into the helicopter. Alice decides to stay behind. She finds the pit full of her clones, and determined, enters the facility. Ordered by Wesker to liquidate Isaacs, Slater finds him locked in his lab, injecting himself with massive doses of anti-virus in an attempt to counteract the infection, which causes him to mutate from overdosing. Slater shoots Dr. Isaacs, triggering his mutation into a powerful Tyrant, and he devours Slater instantly. Issacs kills all the facility employees, but the facility\'s AI, the White Queen  manages to temporarily lock him in the facility\'s lower levels. Entering the facility, Alice meets the White Queen, who informs Alice that her blood is the cure to the T-virus and puts the facility at her disposal to develop a cure. She then tells Alice about Isaacs. Alice agrees to deal with him. On her way to the lab\'s lower levels, Alice discovers one of her clones, still in development. The clone awakens, but seems to die from premature exposure. During a battle between Isaacs and Alice, they find themselves in a replica of the Hive\'s laser corridor. The grid activates and slices Isaacs apart. Just as Alice is about to meet the same fate, the system is deactivated by her clone, who has inexplicably revived. Meanwhile, Claire has left with survivors in the helicopter for Alaska. Later, in Tokyo, Japan, Wesker informs the rest of the Umbrella board that the North American facility has been destroyed and now rendered unstable, and he will now control everything from Japan. Alice\'s hologram makes an appearance, declaring that she is coming for him and Umbrella. Standing beside her clone, Alice looks out onto the hundreds of pods containing her developing clones, as the scene blacks out.'] ["College student and science genius Paul Conway  and his mother, Jeannie , have just moved into a new city. Paul is studying neurology and artificial intelligence at the local college, and has built a remote-controlled robot named BB , which occasionally shows signs of autonomy. Paul befriends fellow college student Tom , and a girl named Samantha  who lives next door to the Conways. Another neighbor to the Conways is a reclusive harridan named Elvira Parker . On Halloween night as a prank, Paul, Tom and Samantha have BB crack the combination lock on her gate so that they can ring Elvira's doorbell to scare her. When Samantha rings the doorbell, an alarm sounds and all three take cover beside Elvira's porch. As Elvira appears on the porch, wielding a shotgun, BB reactivates himself and starts coming through the fence. Elvira opens fire on the robot, destroying it. Samantha struggles with an abusive father , who ultimately beats her so severely that she is left close to death. The doctors tell Paul that she does not have long to live, and together Paul and Tom steal Samantha's body. Paul surgically implants BB's AI chip into Samantha's brain. Samantha is activated by BB's remote control and seems to be controlled primarily by BB's AI chip, although flashes of Samantha's memories periodically surface as her personality attempts to assert itself. Governed by this composite of BB's and Samantha's memories, Samantha, now possessing superhuman strength, avenges herself upon Elvira Parker and Samantha's father. The police track her down to the woodshed where Paul has hidden her, and Samantha's personality appears to gain total domination. This development is short-lived, however, as Samantha takes a bullet intended for Paul. After Samantha dies in Paul's arms, her body is seen in the morgue, where the coroner has just finished his autopsy and has pulled the sheet over her body. When Paul comes for her body, she transforms into a more malevolent version of BB and kills Paul by breaking his neck."] ["In the Middle East, a bomb is set off that creates massive earthquakes. Meanwhile in South Korea, a young couple is about to get married and the tension builds when South Korea sends a manned space capsule to investigate the bomb site. The earthquake makes its way to South Korea, caused by a giant monster named Yongary . Yongary attacks Seoul and makes his way to the oil refineries where he consumes the oil. A child related to the aforementioned couple turns off the refineries' oil basins; Yonggary, enraged, starts attacking until a chemical explosion at the refinery proves to have an effect on it. The Korean Government then uses oil to draw Yonggary to a local river, and kills it with a refined version of the ammonia compound."] ["Dr. Laurience , a once-respectable scientist, begins to research the origins of the mind and soul in an isolated manor house, aided only by the promising surgeon Clare Wyatt  and a wheelchair-using confederate named Clayton . The scientific community rejects his theories and Laurience risks losing everything for which he has worked so obsessively. To save his research, Laurience  begins to use his discoveries in brain transference for his own nefarious purposes, replacing the mind of philanthropist Lord Haslewood ([[Frank Cellier  with the personality of the crippled, caustic Clayton. With Lord Haslewood's wealth and prestige at his command, Laurience becomes an almost unstoppable mad scientist. Despite a powerful patron and a state-of-the-art laboratory, chain-smoking Laurience remains the typical absent-minded professor, with eraser dust on the back of his wrinkled jacket, and in constant, desperate need of a strong hairbrush. However, he is not immune to the feminine charms of the lovely Dr. Wyatt. He attempts to take control of the body of Lord Haslewood's handsome son Dick ([[John Loder  in an effort to seduce Clare, but finds it impossible to disguise his own strange physicality even in the body of another man. Nor can he go without a cigarette in front of Clare although he is aware that young Dick Haslewood never smoked. Unfortunately, before transferring his mind with that of Dick, Laurience strangled Clayton, who was inhabiting the body of Lord Haslewood, so that Dick, afterwards a prisoner in Laurience's own body, would be hanged for the murder of the man presumed to be his father. Realizing the truth, Clare and her friend Dr. Gratton  return Laurience's mind to its proper body, but that body has been badly broken in a panicked fall out of a high window, taken while Dick Haslewood was in unwilling possession. Admitting he has wasted an incredible invention on a selfish and murderous scheme, the shattered Laurience tells Clare he should never have meddled with the human soul. He takes his knowledge to the grave, having changed his mind for the last time."] ['The commercial towing spaceship Nostromo is on a return trip from Thedus to Earth, hauling a refinery and twenty million tons of mineral ore, and carrying its seven-member crew in stasis. Upon receiving a transmission of unknown origin from a nearby planetoid, the ship\'s computer awakens the crew.In the script and film the computer is referred to by the crew members as "Mother". An October 1979 issue of Fantastic Films magazine, as well as the back of the 1980 Fox videodisk of the film, explain that "Mother" is an abbreviation for "MU/TH/UR 6000", the model of the computer. The chapter list for Alien in the 2003 Alien Quadrilogy DVD set also lists it as "MU/TH/UR". The 1997 sequel Alien Resurrection, the fourth film in the series, echoed this element by having the crew of the Auriga refer to the ship\'s onboard computer as "Father." McIntee, 25, 119. Acting on standing orders from their corporate employers, the crew detaches the Nostromo from the refinery and lands on the planetoid, resulting in some damage to the ship. Captain Dallas , Executive Officer Kane , and Navigator Lambert  set out to investigate the signal\'s source while Warrant Officer Ripley , Science Officer Ash , and Engineers Brett  and Parker  stay behind to monitor their progress and make repairs. Dallas, Kane, and Lambert discover that the signal is coming from a derelict alien spacecraft. Inside it they find the remains of a large alien creature whose ribs appear to have been forced outward from the inside. Meanwhile, the Nostromo\'s computer partially deciphers the signal transmission, which Ripley determines to be some type of warning. Kane discovers a vast chamber containing numerous eggs, one of which releases a creature that attaches itself to his face. Dallas and Lambert carry the unconscious Kane back to the Nostromo, where Ash allows them inside against Ripley\'s orders to follow the ship\'s quarantine protocol. They unsuccessfully attempt to remove the creature from Kane\'s face, discovering that its blood is an extremely corrosive acid. Eventually the creature detaches on its own and is found dead. With the ship repaired, the crew resume their trip back to Earth. Kane awakens seemingly unharmed, but during a meal before re-entering stasis he begins to choke and convulse until an alien creature bursts from his chest, killing him and escaping into the ship. Lacking conventional weapons, the crew attempt to locate and capture the creature by fashioning motion trackers, electric prods, and flamethrowers. Brett follows the crew\'s cat into a large room where the now-fully-grown Alien attacks him and disappears with his body into the ship\'s air shafts. Dallas enters the shafts intending to force the Alien into an airlock where it can be expelled into space, but it ambushes him. Lambert implores the remaining crew members to escape in the ship\'s shuttle, but Ripley, now in command, explains that the shuttle will not support four people. Accessing the ship\'s computer, Ripley discovers that Ash has been ordered to return the Alien to the Nostromo\'s corporate employers even at the expense of the crew\'s lives. Ash attacks her, but Parker intervenes and decapitates him with a blow from a fire extinguisher, revealing Ash to be an android. Before Parker incinerates him, Ash predicts that the other crew members will not survive. The remaining three crew members plan to arm the Nostromo\'s self-destruct mechanism and escape in the shuttle, but Parker and Lambert are killed by the Alien while gathering the necessary supplies. Ripley initiates the self-destruct sequence and heads for the shuttle with the cat, but finds the Alien blocking her way. She unsuccessfully attempts to abort the self-destruct, then returns to find the Alien gone and narrowly escapes in the shuttle as the Nostromo explodes. As she prepares to enter stasis, Ripley discovers that the Alien is aboard the shuttle. She puts on a space suit and opens the hatch, causing explosive decompression which forces the Alien to the open doorway. She shoots it with a grappling gun which propels it out, but the gun is yanked from her hands and catches in the closing door, tethering the Alien to the shuttle. It attempts to crawl into one of the engines, but Ripley activates them and blasts the Alien into space. She then puts herself and the cat into stasis for the return trip to Earth.'] ['A group of astronauts set out to stop a giant asteroid on a collision course with the planet Earth. They land on the asteroid, plant explosive charges and destroy it. Afterwards they return to the staging area, a space station called Gamma 3 in orbit around the Earth. Unfortunately, a scientist from the mission has unwittingly carried a luminous-green substance on the leg of his spacesuit which quickly mutates into one-eyed, tentacled monsters with the ability to discharge lethal bolts of electricity. The Gamma 3 crew fend off the alien creatures with their laser-based weaponry, only to discover the creatures feed off the energy which, in turn, allows them to multiply rapidly, sprouting the new creatures from their blood. As the creatures overrun the station the crew continues to fight back against overwhelming odds.'] ["Milland plays Dr. Maxwell Kirshner, a dying, wealthy racist who demands that his head be transplanted onto a healthy body. As his health rapidly deteriorates, there remains only one alternative: graft Kirshner's head onto the body of a black death row inmate, Jack Moss, played by Grier."] ['In Switzerland in 1948, a group of miners in a salt mine discover giant prehistoric rhinoceros beetles. The beetles attack the miners, and swiftly killing them. Present day, a cave tour guide John Palmer  is offered, by Vincent  and Sophia , to take a group of explorers down into the salt mine. John agrees to take the group, consisting of Vincent, Sophia, Marcel , Hanz , Carlo  and Ion , into the mine, not realizing the group are, in fact, high profile thieves who are seeking emeralds in the mine. John also takes his reluctant family, Samantha , Emily  and Miles , who stay in a cabin near the mine with one of the thieves, Stephan . John takes the group into the mine the following day. As they explore, Ion leaves the group for a cigarette. Marcel follows him and the pair get into a fight, which results in Marcel pushing Ion over a ledge, where he is attacked by one of the beetles. Meanwhile, Miles discovers the entrance to the mine and enters alone. Samantha soon notices the absence of Miles and begins to search for him, sending Emily and Stephan out to look for him also. Back in the mine, Marcel tells the group Ion fell, and persists the group continue to explore. However John demands the group leave the mine, but Marcel blackmails John, telling him he will instruct Stephan to kill Samantha and Emily if they turn back. Marcel then talks to Stephan on a walkie-talkie and tells him to tie Samantha and Emily up in the cabin. As Stephan is about to take Emily hostage, Samatha arrives and knocks him out. In the mine, the group search for the emeralds, before they are attacked by the beetles, killing Carlo. The rest of the group fend the beetles off with their guns. However a cave-in occurs, causing a crack to appear in the ground in the forest near Samantha and Emily. A number of beetles escape and begin to chase them back to the cabin. Inside, Samantha attempts to get into contact with John on the walkie talkie, however when this fails Samantha and Emily decide to leave the cabin armed with a gun, only to both be knocked unconscious by Stephan. Meanwhile, Marcel forces the group to continue to the emeralds causing tensions to run high. Marcel and Vincent get into an argument, leading Marcel to shoot Vincent dead before the survivours are once again attacked by the beetles, but manage to escape. When Samantha and Emily wake up, Stephan does not believe their warnings of the beetles, however he is soon decapitated when the beetles attack the cabin, while Samantha and Emily escape. In the mine, Miles is chased by a beetle, but is saved by John, Sophia and Hanz, while Marcel sneaks away to get the emeralds. The others catch up with Marcel as he collects the emeralds, and find a way to an exit, but Marcel believes they will send him to prison, so shoots Hanz before a beetle tears Marcel in half. John, Sophie and Miles continue their escape, while a barely alive Hanz is eventually killed by the beetles. John, Sophia and Miles reach an exit, but a queen beetle blocks their path. John shoots the queen, injuring it. On the surface, Samantha and Emily are attacked by a group of the beetles. Emily contacts John on the walkie talkie, allowing the beetles on the surface to hear the queen beetle in pain, resulting in the beetles going down into the mine. John and Miles set down explosives in the mine before they escape with Sophia as the beetles are killed in the explosions and collapse of the mine. Reaching the surface, Sophia gives John a bag of the emeralds, while taking some for herself, before leaving the re-united family.'] ["Edges of Darkness tells the tales of three groups of survivors held up in an apartment complex during a zombie apocalypse. With their food supply dwindling, a vampire couple kidnaps a young girl. They intend to bleed her slowly to survive, but things don't go exactly as planned. Dean, an obsessed horror writer is holed up with his neglected wife, Dana. Dean keeps his sanity by burying himself in his writing. He installs a new processor to run his computer on their limited generator power, but soon finds out there's a high price to pay. Heather, a survival nut, rescues a young mother and her son from a horde of zombies. She takes them back to the complex. However, she soon discovers the mother and son are on the run from a group of renegade priests hellbent on destroying the boy.EDGES OF DARKNESS director opens his TRAP"] ['The film begins immediately where Species II left off. Hours after the events of the previous film, the medical van transporting the lifeless Eve has lost its way but when the co-driver tries to radio their superiors, the driver stops and holds him at gun-point. Both are surprised by the alien child  appearing in the back window and killing the co-driver with his tongue. In the back the driver finds the half-breed and a reviving Eve, who goes into labor and gives birth to a newborn alien. While the half-breed strangles Eve with his tongue, the driver wraps the newborn into his jacket and runs off through the forest as a military helicopter finds the deserted van. Government agent Wasach orders an autopsy and afterwards the burning of Eve\'s body. The driver is revealed as Dr. Abbot, teaching biochemistry at university who believes it is wrong to decide whether a species should live or die. In his home, he keeps Eve\'s offspring who within a few months has grown into a young girl named Sara. The half-breed that killed Eve, also aged, visits Dr. Abbot in his office, asking to see "it"  but then partly decays and dies in his chair. The shocked Doctor asks Dean, a student whose funding is in jeopardy, to assist him in his research to create a perfect alien DNA, promising him funding and future awards. In Abbot\'s absence, Sara pupates and re-emerges from her cocoon as a beautiful blonde. When Dr. Turner, a fellow professor, arrives at Abbot\'s house, he is first seduced, then rejected and finally killed by Sara. Looking for prospective breeding partners, Sara strolls onto campus, and finally makes contact with another half-breed. The two begin to mate but then Sara rejects him when she discovers that he suffers from diseases. Later on, at Abbot\'s house, the half-breed attacks Sara and tries to impregnate her. Abbot sprays hydrochloric gas over the lab, killing the half-breed, but is killed by the latter. Left in charge, Dean ponders whether he should continue alone. Sara urges him to save her species. Later, Dean follows Sara to his campus where he stops in a classroom where she tries to mate with him but he sees her in her alien form so he resents and stops her. Meanwhile, Dean\'s campus roommate, Hastings, contacted a website, on which a woman called Amelia wants to date biochemists, feeding her data from Dean\'s notes. When Amelia, the leader of the half-breeds who is looking for Eve\'s offspring, meets with him, she senses Eve\'s presence and kidnaps Hastings. At Abbot\'s house, Amelia and Sara pressure Hastings into creating the perfect species so that both can have mates. Dean is picked up by agent Wasach, who also monitored the Amelia website and observed some connection to the disbanded project Athena. The two interrupt creating the proceedings at Abbot\'s house and then take Sara\'s harvested eggs. The three humans flee to a nearby experimental power plant, followed by Amelia and Sara. Dean attempts to trap Sara and Amelia in the plant\'s core. When Sara\'s eggs fall into the core, Amelia attempts to kill Dean but is stopped by Sara, who throws Amelia into the core. Dean manages to close the shaft to the core just in time to prevent a nuclear disaster, but not before Sara also falls down the shaft. Later, when Hastings drops by Abbot\'s house he finds Sara alive. Dean explains that he pulled her to safety and created the perfect mate for her, using the salvageable parts of the half-breed DNA so that Sara wouldn\'t be alone. Dean asks Sara why she saved him, since with her eggs gone there was no reason to, Sara doesn\'t answer, but its indicated that she\'s grown to care for Dean. After Sara and her mate have departed, Dean reveals to Hastings that he ensured the mate would be sterile, thereby preventing any offspring.'] ['Brilliant but irresponsible scientist Tony Nelson  develops an amplifier that allows any object to achieve a 4th dimensional  state. While in this state that object can pass freely through any other object. Unemployed after burning down a college lab, Tony seeks out his brother Scott ([[Robert Lansing , a researcher working on a material called cargonite that is so dense as to be impenetrable, with his experiment. Scott is underpaid and underappreciated at his job but does not have the drive to challenge his employer for greater recognition. When his girlfriend  falls for Tony, an enraged Scott steals Tony\'s experiment and starts playing with it, eventually sending himself into a 4D state. When demonstrating this to Tony, Scott does not turn on the amplifier power yet successfully passes his hand through a block of steel, meaning Scott can now enter the 4D state via his own will. While in the 4D state, Scott can pass through any solid object. The downside is that while in the 4D state Scott uses up his life at an accelerated rate. To survive he must replenish his lifeforce by taking it from others by passing through them. Scott starts using his newfound power to acquire all the things he felt he was denied: money, recognition, power, and the love of his girlfriend. Tony realizes from the nature of the crimes that the only possible explanation is that Scott is on a rampage with his 4D abilities, and somehow Tony has to find a way to stop a man who is practically unstoppable. The girlfriend shoots Scott after they kiss, where he has a nervous breakdown and passes through a wall with various cylindrical storage covers on it, ending with his hand passing in and out. The superimposed end title reads "The End...?"'] ['In a post-apocalyptic future, human survivors are fighting a group of mutant monsters they refer to as "Gargoyles". These creatures reproduce quickly by raping human women and impregnating them. The gestation period is short and deadly. The creatures are very strong and merciless. They are vulnerable to the high-pitched frequency of a dog whistle . The film revolves around a group of humans fighting the "Gargoyles" from an underground bunker. Abortion becomes a topic of debate between the humans when one of the characters is raped by one of the creatures; they are unsure if the woman is pregnant by her human partner or the monster. It soon becomes clear who the real father is.'] ['An alien artifact, identified as a possible "second Marker", is discovered on the planet Aegis VII. The Church of Unitology uses its influence to send the mining ship USG Ishimura to retrieve this holy relic. While the ship approaches, they receive radio reports of an outbreak of violent behaviour among the colonists. The Marker is brought aboard by order of Captain Mathius . Head of Security Alissa Vincent  asks to investigate the colony, but Mathius believes that nothing is amiss. While the Ishimura extracts a chunk of the planet to mine, a man in the ship\'s sickbay struggles against his restraints and resists sedation, begging to be killed. Meanwhile, two miners on Aegis VII check an outpost that has gone silent. One man vanishes during a blackout, while the other, Colin Barrow, sees his wife Jen  commit suicide before his eyes. Barrow takes her body and flees the facility in a shuttle, unaware of an alien presence attaching itself to the corpse. The Ishimura re-establishes links with the colony, receiving evidence of a bloody massacre and warnings of killers. The Captain refuses to radio for help, as he would face a court martial for entering a restricted system - He instead orders that the planet be quarantined. Before he can be shut out, Barrow\'s shuttle crashes into the Ishimuras hangar, just as he is killed by his mutated wife. The security team is dispatched to arrest and quarantine, but they find nothing aboard the small ship. The man in sickbay awakens to discover alien creatures mutating the corpses in the morgue, which then kill him. Tensions flare as Unitologist crewmembers demand to see the Marker; they are quickly calmed and dispersed by engineer Samuel Irons , a Unitologist himself. The security team fight the infestation as it spreads through the ship, with Irons joining them after meeting in the canteen. Dr. Terrence Kyne  tells Mathius that the Marker is responsible for the colonists going insane and must not be taken to Earth, but the now deranged Captain claims persecution and mutiny. Mathius is accidentally killed by Kyne, who flees the bridge. The ship itself turns against the crew when the escape pods are inexplicably launched empty and their communications systems destroyed, leaving any chance of rescue non-existent. On the way to the bridge, Vincent\'s teammate Hanson ([[Phil Morris  goes insane and kills teammate Shen , then is in turn killed by Ramirez . Vincent, Irons, and Ramirez return to the bridge where they learn that the ship is almost entirely overrun; they then discover that Kyne is sabotaging the ship\'s engines, to scuttle the ship on the planet below. On their way to confront Kyne, the team finds survivors  trapped by Necromorphs. Irons buys time for Vincent and Ramirez to extract the scared crew members by using himself as bait, and is eventually killed. Ramirez then sacrifices himself getting Vincent into the control room - She confronts Kyne, who claims that his actions are necessary to stop the alien outbreak leaving the system. Vincent fails to restore the engines, and Kyne escapes with her weapon. Vincent finds herself surrounded by Necromorphs, but learns that the creatures cannot come into close proximity with the artifact, which kept them imprisoned on Aegis VII. Spurred on by a vision of Ramirez\'s ghost, Vincent leaves a video log that details the entire sequence of events, adding that the Marker and the Ishimura must be destroyed. She uploads the video log to a distress beacon, opens the airlock and launches the beacon from the downed shuttle. Vincent and the Necromorphs are sucked out into space. Vincent\'s body drifts in space as the song Twinkle Twinkle Little Star plays. The story ends as the USG Kellion arrives and prepares to dock on the Ishimura - the beginning of Dead Space.'] ['{{Plot}} Set on a planet inhabited by the Arachnids, a squad of soldiers find themselves pinned down and surrounded on all sides by Arachnid forces. Even with their new laser gun technology and assistance from psychic soldiers, the Arachnid assault overwhelms them and General Jack Shepherd  decides to make a last stand with four of his best soldiers, allowing the majority of his surviving troops to escape. The plan works, and the soldiers, including Sergeant Dede Rake , psychic Lieutenant Pavlov Dill , Private Jill Sandee  and her lover Private Duff Horton , and Private Lei Sahara  escape. Despite reaching relative safety, the team is whittled down by deadly storms and arachnid ambushes. Among these deaths is the only member of the platoon with a radio, Corporal Thom Kobe . Lieutenant Dill finds himself unable to command his soldiers as he receives traumatic visions of utter annihilation. He takes his anger out on Private Sahara, who is revealed to have been psychic but lost reliable control of her psychic abilities as puberty took place, which seems to be rather typical. The remaining refugees find themselves sheltering within Hotel Delta 1-8-5, an old and abandoned structure containing Captain V. J. Dax , a disgraced  soldier who killed his commanding officer and was sealed in a furnace. As a deadly dust storm kicks up, they find themselves without communications or back-up for a lengthy period of time and protect themselves through the use of electric pulse fences with limited batteries. Dax takes command, to the annoyance of Dill, and the two develop a grudge. Dax sees Dill as an incompetent commander, while Dill sees Dax as a traitor to the Federation. Soon after defenses for Hotel Delta are set up, Shepherd and three soldiers return. While the troops in the outpost originally think that all but one of their comrades has reached safety, it becomes clear that, in fact, all their comrades but Shepherd died, who was soon rescued by three marauding soldiers. These troops include the comatose Private Charlie Soda , the odd acting Technical Sergeant Ari Peck , and the medic Corporal Joe Griff . With the help of the newcomers they solve all of their technical issues, including lack of communication, and now need only to wait for a Fleet dropship to rescue them. Tempers flare at the base as Soda seduces Horton, and Sandee finds a new significant other in Griff. However, both Horton and Sandee soon act strange, as do many other survivors. Sahara seems to have become ill as she has nightmares and wakes up vomiting. Accidentally brushing Griff\'s hands brings on a psychic vision in Sahara. Sahara goes to Rake for advice and tells her what went on. Rake suggests that Sahara is simply pregnant and that pregnancy not only brings on the symptoms she describes, but makes girls temperamental and makes them think that "they know it all". Eventually the female protagonist, Private Sahara, and the male ex-hero of the federation, Dax, find themselves facing a new breed of Arachnid, a bug that infests the human body by forcing open the mouth and propagating inside the brain. They come to Dill with their news and make amends with him, also learning that he only made bad decisions because of the visions he was receiving and that he felt incredibly guilty over the loss of men under his command in the escape. Sahara tells Dill that she has been receiving parts of the vision as well, and Dill reveals to Sahara that an occasional side-effect of pregnancy is the temporary return of the psychic abilities lost at puberty. Soon after making amends, Dill corners several infected soldiers and intends for them to be captured and studied, but as he insults them another infected soldier kills him with a knife that Dax gave him earlier. The assault is blamed on Dax  and he is imprisoned. Eventually a dropship arrives but all of the troopers are infected including Shepherd, who, if returned to Earth, may infect the leaders of the Federation. Rake takes multiple adrenaline shots, wounding one infected soldier and killing another before freeing Dax, but kills herself because she has also been infected. A soldier attempts to infect Sahara, but after several unsuccessful attempts to stop him, Sahara manages to kill him and escape. Sahara uses her restored psychic abilities to read the mind of the bug that had attempted to control Rake\'s mind and discovers the bugs plan: use General Shepherd to infest High Command allowing the bugs to wipe out the human race and cause Sahara\'s vision to come true. Sahara and Dax kill the rest of the infected troops, and make it to the roof of the structure to confront the infected Shepherd just as the pulse fences give way. Just as Shepherd is about to be rescued, Dax kills him with two rifles held akimbo. He gets Sahara onto the ship and tells the bewildered crew that she holds information vital to the survival of the Federation. He then refuses to get onto the ship  and goes down in a blaze of glory, fending off bugs. Planet Earth, one year later. Sahara, now discharged from the military, attends a recruiting seminar with her newborn infant son to speak about her experience and of Dax\'s actions whom she credits with saving her life. Although Dax is labeled as a Hero of the Federation, his death is shrouded in propaganda as the Federation uses his end as a means of recruitment. As Sahara leaves the recruiting station, the recruiting officer approaches her to thank her for attending and also tells her to raise her son well for: "We need fresh meat for the grinder". Sahara, alarmed, flees the recruiting station. This act shows to have no effect on the recruiter.'] ['After a NASA space satellite crashes into New York City, apparently under the influence of certain "dark energy", a "reverse-G vortex" is created and gravitational force is inverted, causing bridges and buildings to be destroyed and ripped from the earth, and streams to rain from the skies. A team led by the Office of Emergency Management supervisor is forced to mount a desperate mission into upside-down Manhattan to avert the entire planet\'s impending doom.'] ['Dr. Julian Blair is engaged in unconventional research on human brain waves when his wife Helen  is tragically killed in a freak auto accident. The grief-stricken scientist becomes obsessed with redirecting his work into making contact with the dead and is not deterred by dire warnings from his daughter Anne , his research assistant Richard , or his colleagues that he is delving into forbidden areas of knowledge. He moves his laboratory to an isolated New England mansion where he continues to try to reach out to his dead wife. He is aided by his mentally-challenged servant Karl  and abetted by the obsessive Mrs. Walters , a phony medium, who seems to exert a sinister influence over him. When their overly curious housekeeper discovers the truth about their experiments, her death brings the local sheriff in to investigate.'] ["In the pre-credits sequence, an unnamed woman  is strangled by an unidentified man after finishing a shower. Following the credits, Joseph Javorsky , a noted Soviet scientist, arrives in Yucca Flat in the United States after defecting. Javorsky is carrying a briefcase with various military secrets; the film's narrator alludes to information about a Soviet moon landing. As Javorsky disembarks from his plane, he and his American contacts are attacked by a pair of KGB assassins . While the Americans stay to fight off the KGB agents, Javorsky flees into the desert, walking for a great distance, and removing much of his clothing. Wandering in range of an American nuclear test, radiation transforms Javorsky into a mindless beast. He proceeds to kill a couple in their car on a nearby road, prompting pursuit from two police officers named Jim Archer  and Joe Dobson . Meanwhile, a vacationing family ventures along the same road. After stopping at a service station, the family's two young sons  wander off into the surrounding desert where they eventually encounter and escape from Javorsky. Their father  searches for them, but is mistaken for the killer by one of the police officers, who is searching for the murderer from the air in a small plane. The officer opens fire with a high-powered rifle on the innocent man, who manages to escape. Eventually the family is reunited and the police shoot and kill Javorsky. A wild rabbit appears and nuzzles his lifeless body."] ['On the day of Alice Wentworth’s wedding, mad scientist Dr. Lorenz sends the young bride a poisoned orchid, the scent of which places the young woman in a state of suspended animation. He then spirits her body away to the basement laboratory of his isolated mansion and extracts her bodily fluids to inject into his vain and aged wife in order to renew her youth and beauty. A young journalist, Patricia Hunter, investigates the case and discovers it involves an unusual orchid. She is directed to Lorenz, a known expert on orchids, and visits his mansion where she meets with a chilly reception. She is forced to spend the night when a storm breaks, and discovers the basement laboratory. In the morning, she hurries back to her newspaper offices. Hunter and her colleagues make an attempt to trap Lorenz but he outfoxes them, chloroforming Hunter and carrying her to his laboratory to use her bodily fluids upon his wife. During the injection procedure, Lorenz is stabbed by an angry servant woman who holds Lorenz responsible for her sons’ deaths. He strangles her then collapses and dies. The servant rallies weakly and stabs Lorenz‘s wife to death. The police arrive and Hunter is rescued.'] ['Casey Connor  is a photographer for the Herrington High School newspaper who is constantly picked on and has a crush on Delilah Profitt , the paper\'s editor. Delilah\'s boyfriend, Stan Rosado , quits the school\'s football team to pursue more academic ambitions, which angers Delilah and causes her to break up with him. Zeke Tyler , a student repeating his senior year who sells, among other illegal items, a cocaine-like drug of his own make, is confronted by Miss Elizabeth Burke , who expresses concern for him over his illegal activities. Marybeth Louise Hutchinson , a new girl in school, attempts to befriend Stokely "Stokes" Mitchell  and develops a crush on Zeke. While eating lunch on the football field, Casey notices a strange creature on the field. He takes it to Professor Furlong , where the specimen is examined and believed to be a new species of cephalopod. Delilah takes Casey into the teacher\'s lounge to find a story for the front page, where they hide in a closet and witness the coach  and the drama teacher  assault the school nurse  by forcing one of the creatures into her ear, as well as find the body of a teacher. Casey and Delilah flee and Casey calls the cops. Principal Drake  claims nothing is wrong and that Casey is seeking attention. The next day, Casey tells the others that he believes the teachers are being controlled by aliens, and goes to show them the creature he found, which is gone. When confronting Furlong about the creature, he gets defensive and attempts to infect them. Zeke cuts off Furlong\'s fingers before taking a pen full of his homemade drugs and injecting it into Furlong\'s eye, seemingly killing him. Realizing Casey is right and with the whole school potentially infected, even the football team and Stan\'s friend Gabe , Zeke takes everyone to his house where he performs experiments with a captured alien creature and realizes that it needs water tor survive and can be killed by his drugs because it is a diuretic. Zeke makes everyone take some of his drug to prove they\'re human, but Delilah reveals herself to be infected and destroys Zeke\'s lab and most of his drug supply before escaping. Acting on Stokes\' speculation that killing the queen would revert everyone to normal, the group returns to the school, where their football team is playing a game and infecting opposing players. Believing Principal Drake to be the queen, they isolate her in the gym and kill her. Stan goes outside to see if it worked, but is infected by the coach. With none of the drug left, Zeke realizes he still has some in his car and goes with Casey to get it. Casey leads the infected students away from Zeke, who encounters Ms. Burke in the parking lot and seemingly kills her when he makes his escape. Casey returns to the gym, where Marybeth reveals herself to be the queen, having faked taking the test earlier. Casey and Stokes flee into the pool where Stokes is injured and infected. Zeke and Casey flee into the locker room, where Zeke is knocked out. Casey takes the drug and tricks the queen into following him into the retracting bleachers, where he traps it and stabs the drug into its eye, killing it. One month later, everyone has returned to normal. Stan and Stokes begin dating, and Zeke takes Stan\'s place on the football team . Casey begins dating Delilah, and has become a local hero. Meanwhile, Professor Furlong is adjusting to life with one eye and missing fingers.'] ["A doctor implants a strange electronic brain component in a man's skull and a psychotic killer is born. A weird scientist brings a zombie to life and sets out to avenge the enemies of the psycho."] ["The film begins with shadowy images on a wall showing a man being attacked by what appears to be a woman. He produces a needle from his pocket and administers its contents to his assailant. She falls to the ground, apparently dead. The scene shifts to the coroner’s inquest into the death of Paula Dupree , allegedly at the hands of Dr. Carl Fletcher . Induced to reluctantly tell his story by the coroner  and district attorney , Flether admits that he killed Paula. Yet, he also offers that there is more to the tale than what is on the surface. Via flashbacks, it is learned that Fletcher was present on the opening night of the Whipple Circus and witnessed Cheela the Gorilla's heroic act that saved the life of Fred Mason . After her supposed demise, the doctor acquires the body of the beast. He detects a heartbeat, and revives the animal. Fascinated by the creature, he purchases the late Dr. Walters’ estate, hoping to find the records of his experiments. Apparently having no need of more glandular material or another brain, Cheela returns to human form. She is at first unable to speak and Fletcher diagnoses her condition as being due to shock. However, upon the arrival of his daughter Joan  and her fiancée Bob Whitney , the girl suddenly becomes verbal identifying herself as Paula. Enamored with Bob, Paula’s jealous streak resurfaces. During a moonlight canoe ride, an unseen attacker capsizes Joan and Bob. Discussing the episode with Dr. Fletcher, they believe that one of the other patients Willie  is responsible. Unbeknownst to them, Willie has already paid the supreme price for his constant harassment of Paula. Later, meeting with Bob in private, Paula shows him bruises on her shoulder, injuries she claims were inflicted by Dr. Fletcher. Meanwhile, the caretaker for the estate has made the doctor aware of the vicious killing of his dog and a flock of chickens. Armed with the broken lock to the henhouse, Dr. Fletcher confiscates Paula’s perfume bottle as well. After he returns to his study, Paula makes an attempt on his life. Just as he pushes her to the floor, Bob enters the room. Misunderstanding what he has seen, he takes Paula to another doctor for an examination. Dr. Fletcher has the lock and perfume bottle analyzed by a fingerprint expert, learning that although different in size, the prints do indeed match. He is now convinced that Paula and Cheela are one and the same. Bob has Paula examined by Dr. Meredith , who does detect mental instability and extreme physical strength. When told she is already under the care of a doctor, he admonishes the young man to return her at once to her attending physician. Arriving back at Crestview, Dr. Fletcher is met with the news that Willie’s mangled body has been found. He confides in Joan what he knows about Paula, and expresses his concern for Bob. Paula and Bob return as well, and the latter finally tells her that he is going to marry Joan, which visibly angers her. Joan rushes to meet him as Paula disappears in the shadows. Learning the truth about the girl, he sends his fiancée to her cabin while he goes to the aid Dr. Fletcher. After a search of Paula’s room fails, Dr. Fletcher tells Bob to check the rest of the house. Brandishing a hypodermic needle filled with a sedative, the physician heads outside to continue his search. Paula pursues Joan through the woods to the cottage. Attempting to gain entrance, she hears the approaching Dr. Fletcher. She attacks him, and in the struggle, he accidentally administers a fatal overdose. The flashbacks conclude and the D.A. expresses his disbelief. The Coroner parades the group, including the jury, to the morgue to re-examine the body of Paula Dupree. She is found to have reverted in death to the form of a half-human, half-ape monster. Dr. Fletcher is exonerated."] ['The film begins with Nick West lighting a cigarette in the dark and introducing himself to some unknown audience. He proceeds to recount the events he allegedly witnessed, claiming to be a "victim". It is implied that the whole story is told exclusively through his point of view. Nick brings the easy and filthy Sammy to the abandoned Blackwater Asylum for using acid and having sex. They find a weird chair and Nick proposes kinky sex to Sammy; however the device traps and kills Sammy. Nick is arrested and considered insane, being sentenced to the Hildon Mental Institute in spite of claiming that supernatural forces killed Sammy. Four years later, the honorable Cambridge professor Dr. Willard proposes Nick\'s psychiatrist, Dr. Clairebourne , release him under his custody for an experimental treatment: exposing the truth to Nick bringing him back to the crime scene. Dr. Clairebourne opposes, explaining that Nick still has severe delusions, but in the end she accepts. Nick is introduced to Dr. Willard, who expresses his desire to write a book about West and his experiences. With Dr. Willard assuming full responsibility for Nick, Dr. Willard, his assistant, Melissa, and the students Rachel Fowles and Brett Wilson, head with Nick to the Blackwater Asylum. West begins to feel uneasy when the group enter the asylum, but sympathetic Rachel tells him that he can leave tomorrow morning if he wants to, promising she won\'t tell the doctor. The group find the infamous chair. Dr. Willard tells that the asylum warden was known to practice highly controversial methods of treatment. The night nears, and Dr. Willard tells everyone to go to sleep to have a fresh start tomorrow. In private, he confesses to Nick that the book he wants to write isn\'t actually about Nick, but about the chair. He admits to believing that Nick\'s "hallucinations" were actually real events. Willard shows him the warden\'s journal, from which he learned about the chair: it was used to test the warden\'s theory about the existence of human soul. Nick becomes seemingly disturbed, as he says he actually came to believe he killed Sammy, but now isn\'t sure anymore. As Nick is trying to sleep, he is approached by Rachel, who wants to prove to him that there is nothing supernatural about the chair. As she sits on it, she accidentally triggers the chair\'s controls and disappears. She is shown to have been transported into a dark building, where she is hunted by a demonic creature. Melissa persuades skeptical Brett into sitting in the chair, after which she triggers it, sending Brett into the same place as Rachel. Nick then willingly uses the chair to transport himself, believing he can save Rachel. The doctor and Melissa are shown to have plotted this all along. The events unfold quickly as Willard betrays Melissa, forcing her into the chair, then transports himself. The group then reunites as Rachel struggles against the creature; with the rest of the group incapacitated, the doctor subdues Nick and chants incantations, hoping to turn the beast to his side; however, Nick fights him off and, smiling, says that it is he who controls the Demon. In a plot twist, it is revealed that the chair itself and the demonic forces were just a product of Nick\'s imagination. It then becomes evident that Nick assaulted the students and the doctor in the asylum, killing Brett. He then proceeds to rape Rachel and kill the doctor and Melissa. Lastly, he kills Rachel who tried to escape. After the massacre, a bloodied Nick gets into the car and chats with a woman who looks like Rachel sitting inside, asking her if she minds driving off with a "crazy person". She smiles and kisses him. However, the scene is then revealed to be another of Nick\'s hallucinations and he is then seen driving away from the asylum alone.'] 