['In the present, a plague breaks out and the infected have been transformed into zombies. The action starts 80 years after the initial outbreak. The western United States has devolved into a disconnected series of ghost towns overrun by zombies such as the Toar Zombie and the Little Girl Zombie, and the government is awarding bounties in exchange for the pinkies of the undead. Ryn survives and follows Remington with the aid of Hans Tubman , a foreigner who double crossed him, in order to retrieve the sack of pinkies he had earlier collected when the movie began.'] ["{{copy edit}} The prequel is set in Mexico in the early 1900s and begins with American author, Ambrose Bierce, experiencing a nightmare in which he dies at the hands of Pancho Villa. Bierce then wakes up and talks to a local bartender about his intentions to join Pancho Villa's revolutionary army. He joins a stagecoach transporting a newlywed couple, John and Mary Newlie, who are traveling to Mexico to preach Christianity. Meanwhile, Johnny Madrid, a dangerous local outlaw, escapes from the gallows and kidnaps his hangman's beautiful daughter, Esmeralda; he receives assistance from Reece, a young woman who wants to become Madrid's apprentice as an outlaw. With the hangman and a local posse on their trail, Madrid meets with his gang who later rob Bierce's stagecoach because of Reece's belief that Bierce holds an invaluable object. The object turns out to be the manuscript for Bierce's new book. Reece is eventually responsible for leading the hangman and his men to Madrid after they free her from a deadly contraption implemented by the outlaw. As night falls, all parties coincidentally seek shelter in an isolated inn that also serves as a whorehouse. The establishment is run by a group of vampires who are led by the high priestess, Quixtla, who targets Esmeralda. All of the hangman's men and the remnants of Madrid's gang are killed by the vampires. Mary is bitten by a vampire and John is revealed as a fraud who only married Mary for her father's money. Meanwhile, Reece's background is revealed and it is discovered that she is an outlaw who killed her entire family. Esmeralda is exposed as a half-human, half-vampire princess, Santanico Pandemonium , and the daughter of Quixtla. Madrid, Bierce, the hangman, Reece, John, Esmeralda, and a few patrons manage to escape into the dungeons beneath the building. Mary attacks John but he manages to kill her but shows regret for tricking her. A patron turns into a vampire following an earlier bite and attacks the group, killing some of them before he is killed. Eventually, the various humans work together to survive the vampire attack, but they are eventually captured. Esmeralda transforms into the vampire princess. Johnny manages to break from his bonds and free the others. Reece and John are killed by the vampires. Esmeralda turns the Hangman into a vampire, but he kills Quixtla before the change is complete, allowing Johnny and Ambrose to escape. As the film ends, Esmeralda screams for Johnny not to leave her. Johnny somberly looks away and joins Ambrose's quest to join Pancho Villa's army. As they leave, the camera zooms out to show the Mayan temple behind the building that house the vampires, a callback to the first movie. After the credits roll, part of the alternative ending is shown; Ambrose is revealed to have told this story to someone in a bar. The listener refuses to believe in vampires. Ambrose offers proof and proceeds to turn into a vampire himself and kill the listener. The original cut showed a completely different outcome of the last fight, Madrid being killed by Esmeralda after a last shot showing Bierce fighting a horde of vampires, who eventually overcome him. The ending was likely changed to keep the running theme of only two heroes making it out alive from the vampire den."] ['Sometime in the near future a high-tech, highly realistic adult amusement park called Delos features androids that are almost indistinguishable from human beings. For $1,000 per day, guests may indulge in any fantasy, including killing or having sex with the androids. Delos\' tagline in its advertising promises "Have we got a vacation for you!" The androids are programmed to act in character for each of the park\'s three themed "worlds"&nbsp;— West World , Medieval World , and Roman World . One of the attractions in West World is the Gunslinger , a robot programmed to start duels. Thanks to its programming, humans can always outdraw the Gunslinger and kill it. The guns issued to the guests also have temperature sensors that prevent them from shooting each other or anything else living, but allow them to "kill" the room-temperature androids. Peter Martin , a first-timer, and his friend John Blane , who has visited previously, visit West World. Gradually, the technicians running Delos begin to notice problems spreading like an infection among the androids: the robots in Medieval World begin suffering an inexplicable number of systemic failures, a robot rattlesnake bites Blane, and against its programming, an android refuses a guest\'s sexual advances. The failures increase until the robotic Black Knight kills a guest in a sword fight in Medieval World. The resort\'s supervisors, in increasing desperation, try to regain control by shutting down power to the entire park, but this traps them in the control rooms, unable to turn the power back on while the robots run amok on stored power. Martin and Blane, passed out drunk after a bar-room brawl, wake up in the West World bordello, unaware of the breakdown. When the Gunslinger challenges the two men to a showdown, Blane treats the confrontation as a typical amusement until the robot shoots and kills him. Martin runs for his life as the robot implacably follows him. Martin flees to the other areas of the park, but finds only a panicky fleeing technician, dead guests and damaged robots. He climbs down through a manhole to the underground control area, where the resort\'s technicians have suffocated since the ventilation shut down. As the Gunslinger stalks Martin through the corridors, he throws acid into its face and sets fire to it with a torch. He also finds a woman chained up in the dungeon, but she turns out to be an android. Finally, the burned hulk of the Gunslinger attacks him one last time before succumbing to its damage. The film ends as Martin, apparently the sole human survivor, sits down on the dungeon steps in a state of near-exhaustion and shock, as the irony of Delos\' slogan resonates: "Have we got a vacation for you!"'] ["In 1873, Arizona Territory, an unnamed loner  wakes up in the desert injured, with no memory and with a strange metal shackle on his wrist. After killing three drifters who try to rob him, he takes their clothes, weapons and a horse. He wanders into the small town of Absolution, where the local preacher, Meacham , treats his wound. After the stranger subdues Percy Dolarhyde , a volatile drunk who has been terrorizing the town, Sheriff Taggart  recognizes the stranger as Jake Lonergan, a wanted outlaw, and attempts to arrest him. Jake beats up the posse sent to take him in and nearly escapes, but a mysterious woman named Ella Swenson  knocks him out. Percy's father, Colonel Woodrow Dolarhyde , a wealthy and ruthless cattleman, arrives with his men and demands that Percy be released. He sees Jake and also demands he be released to him, since Jake was the one who stole Dolarhyde's gold. During the standoff, alien craft begin attacking the town. Percy, the sheriff and many other townsfolk are grabbed by long, whip-like feelers hanging from the bottom of the alien ships and are abducted. Jake's shackle unfolds and becomes a weapon, shooting down one of the ships with a single shot, ending the attack. Dolarhyde, Ella, and other townsfolk form a posse to track an injured alien that escaped from the downed ship. Jake, meanwhile, travels to an abandoned cabin, and in a flashback, recalls returning there with the gold just before he and a woman, Alice , were abducted by the aliens. His memories returning, Jake joins up with the posse. During the night, while they camp in an upside down paddlewheel steamboat, the alien they were tracking kills Meacham, who sacrifices himself to save Emmett , Taggart's grandson. By the next morning, most of the posse has deserted, and the others are attacked by Jake's former gang. Jake, who stole the gang's loot after their last heist, attempts to retake control, but fails. As he and the others flee, the aliens begin attacking again and Ella is captured. Jake jumps aboard the ship and attacks the alien pilot, causing the ship to crash, but Ella is fatally wounded. Quite shortly after the crash, however, the posse is captured by Chiricahua Apache Indians, who blame them for the alien attacks. As Ella's body is dumped on a fire by a Chiricahua warrior, she is fully resurrected. Ella reveals herself to be an alien who traveled to Earth to help resist the invaders after they destroyed her homeworld. The aliens, who have been abducting humans to perform experiments, are also mining gold to power their machines. They are not invulnerable, however: Jake's gauntlet weapon can kill them, as well as stabbing and shooting them, though the creatures are far stronger and more durable than humans and have superior weapons. Ella claims Jake holds the secret to the aliens' whereabouts and says they must stop them before they exterminate all life on the planet. After taking medicine offered by the Apaches, Jake recalls that Alice was euthanized after she was used in an alien experiment, but he escaped, inadvertently stealing the alien weapon in the form of a gauntlet. He could also remember the location of the aliens' base of operations. Armed with this knowledge, the group, now led by Dolarhyde, prepares to attack the aliens' grounded mothership. Jake returns to his old gang and persuades them to join the fight. In a sneak attack, the humans breach the spaceship by destroying the shuttle bay, forcing the aliens into a ground battle. Jake and Ella board the ship and free the captives, but Jake is captured. Dolarhyde rescues him and both men escape the ship after killing the alien responsible for Alice's death. As the remaining aliens are taking off in their damaged craft, Ella sacrifices herself, destroying the ship using Jake's gauntlet. Jake's memory partially returns, and some abducted townsfolk begin to remember their past. Still a wanted man, Jake decides to leave; the sheriff and Dolarhyde say they will claim that he was killed in the invasion. The citizens intend to rebuild the town with the expectation that the newly discovered gold mine will soon bring many new settlers. Jake kindly rejects Dolarhyde's offer to help rebuild the town, and rides away."] ["Rayne fights against the Nazis in Europe during World War II, encountering Ekart Brand, a Nazi leader whose target is to inject Adolf Hitler with Rayne's blood in an attempt to transform him into a dhampir and attain immortality.Destructoid – Uwe Boll making ANOTHER BloodRayne movie"] 