[' Dr. Barnaby Fulton , a research chemist working on a fountain of youth pill for a chemical company, is trying to develop an elixir of youth, urged on by his commercially-minded boss Oliver Oxley . One of Dr. Fulton\'s chimpanzees, Esther, gets loose in the laboratory and pours some chemicals into the water cooler &mdash; chemicals that just happen to have the rejuvenating effect for which Fulton is searching. Unaware of the monkey\'s antics, Fulton tests his latest experimental concoction on himself, and washes it down with water from the cooler. Naturally, he soon begins to act just like a 20-year-old, and spends the day out on the town with his boss\'s secretary Lois Laurel . When Fulton\'s wife Edwina  learns that the elixir "works," she drinks some, again washing it down with water, and turns into a prank-pulling schoolgirl. Things get out of hand when her newly quick temper induces Edwina to make an impetuous phone call to her old flame Hank Entwhistle , who, knowing nothing of the elixir, believes that Edwina is truly unhappy in her marriage and wants a divorce. Meanwhile, more and more people at the laboratory are drinking the water and reverting to a second childhood, with predictably hilarious results. In the end, of course, everything works out, with help from the elixir itself.'] ["The story begins with Samantha  breaking up with Allegra , a lesbian author who has had relationship problems in the past. Allegra meets a man named Philip  at a party, with whom she feels a connection. The next day, she meets Grace , Philip's ex-girlfriend, although Allegra does not know about it. Allegra and Philip begin seeing each other, and Philip leaves Grace for good. Allegra sees Grace outside of a movie theater and Grace cries about her boyfriend leaving her. Allegra goes on a date with Philip, but she leaves after thoughts in her mind tell her it's wrong to be with a guy. Allegra goes back and forth on dates with Philip and Grace. After several more dates, Grace shows Allegra a picture of her ex-boyfriend, and she learns that Philip and Grace were together. Philip and Grace go out for dinner, where they reveal to each other that they're seeing someone else. Meanwhile, Allegra caters at a party, which turns out to be Samantha's engagement party. Philip and Grace show up at the party, and they both discover that they have been seeing the same woman. In the end, Allegra is back with Samantha and never sees Philip and Grace again."] ["Stroker Ace is a popular race car driver from Waycross, Georgia, and , a three-time champion, on the NASCAR circuit. An all-or-nothing man, he wins if he does not crash. He is arrogant and pompous, with no regard for the business side of his racing team. He also has an on-track, season-long rivalry with ambitious young driver Aubrey James . When he runs afoul of his current sponsor, Jim Catty  of Zenon Oil, by dumping a load of wet concrete on him, he has to find a new one. Fried-chicken mogul Clyde Torkel, along with his chauffeur, Arnold , and newly appointed director of marketing and public relations, Pembrook Feeny , convince Stroker and his chief mechanic, Lugs Harvey, to sign up with him. Overlooking his contract by not reading its specifics, Stroker begins a new life as the commercial face for the Chicken Pit fast-food restaurants.  His contract provves to stipulate that he must do personal appearances, which include dressing up in a chicken suit--feet included. Realizing that he is locked into a bad deal, Stroker devises a plan with Lugs to get out of it. Torkel is on to Stroker, though, and allows his antics because he sees the racer as his big ticket to regional fame by promoting the Chicken Pit franchise. A ladies' man, Stroker tries to seduce the beautiful Pembrook, who is a Sunday School teacher, does not drink, and is a virgin. She spurns all of his advances until he learns to respect her views. One night, after getting her drunk on champagne, he has a chance to take advantage of her, but he does not. Stroker is winning races under the Chicken Pit sponsorship and is in the running for the season-ending championship. At the beginning of the final race, Torkel is offered a deal to sell his franchise for a huge profit, as part of an elaborate scheme that Stroker and his friends have concocted. The catch is that if he wins the championship Stroker has to sell chicken for the next two years; if he loses is he out of the contract. During the race Stroker is at odds with himself. He drops back in the race in an effort to lose, but his ego won't let him so he quickly begins moving back through the pack. Torkel, realizing that Stroker would rather lose than be bound by the contract, makes a public announcement that he is releasing Stroker immediately. He is unaware that Stroker is moving up through the field in an effort to win. With the news that he is free from the contract, Stroker wins the championship in spectacular fashion by flipping his car over as he crosses the finish line. Torkel then finds that the lucrative offer for his chicken franchise is a fake, cooked up by Stroker and his friends."] ['{{plot}} Robert "Rob" Douglas is in prison. According to a local news report there has been a law- California\'s three strikes law, which will put three time offenders in prison for a minimum of twenty-five years. Rob is currently finishing his second bid in prison. It is his last day in jail. Rob calls his friend Tone to pick him up from jail but Tone gets caught up with a woman he just met and asks J.J. to pick up Rob. Rob is picked up by J.J. and just as Rob tells him he never plans to go back to prison, cops pull the two over and J.J. shoots the cops. J.J. tells Rob that the car was stolen and Rob trying to elude his third strike escapes from the scene and hides at his girlfriend, Juanita’s house. J.J. is wounded and detained by the police. Rob learns that the police is still searching for him and that he is on the most wanted list. Detective Jenkins is investigating the case and searching for Rob. J.J. is restricted to a hospital bed due to his injuries. He calls his friend Blue, and tells him that when the police come and question him about the shootout, he is going to put the blame on Rob. Rob runs into his old friend Mike who helps him with some money. Rob and Juanita meet at a hotel while Detective Jenkins stops at Rob\'s home to try to find him that night. The next morning, Rob’s mother tells him the police have been looking for him, and some girl named Dahlia called saying she had some information that could keep him out of jail. Dahlia tells Rob to come to her place for a tape that could get him out of the situation he\'s in. Rob asks Mike to get him a good lawyer and leaves for Dahlia’s home. Dahlia tells Rob that she will give him the taped conversation between J.J. and Blue her son about the shootout if she can have her way with him. Blue tells Tone that Rob is at his house and Tone and his crew go to get him. The cops land up there as well. After a chase, Rob gives himself up at a church where Mike has brought a Lawyer. Sometime later, in the final verdict, though Rob does not receive his third strike, he is sentenced to 30 days in jail for violating his parole. Rob\'s father tells him he will pick him up from jail himself when he gets out the next time. The film\'s epilogue states that Rob is eventually released from prison early due to overcrowding.'] ["Roger Willoughby is a well-known fishing expert who works for Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Abigail Page is a brash and flighty public relations woman. Page is determined to secure Willoughby's participation in a prestigious fishing tournament, only to discover that Willoughby is a phony&mdash;he's never fished in his life. By threatening to reveal his secret, Abigail forces Roger to fake his way through the tournament. Willoughby proves himself to be supremely inept: he cannot fish, cannot set up a tent, cannot run or even board a motorboat. He cannot even swim, as he demonstrates by toppling or plunging straight to the lakebed each time he ventures to go fishing. In the vein of the screwball genre, the dialog is fast and overlapping, the humor broad and slapstick, multiple levels of deception abound, and a decidedly adversarial relationship constantly teeters on the edge of romance."] ['Ruth Patchett  is a frumpy, overweight housewife and mother, who desperately tries to please her attractive accountant husband Bob . After Bob meets romance novelist Mary Fisher  at a dinner party, they begin having an affair; Mary also hires him as her accountant. Though aware of the affair, Ruth initially lives in denial  and continues to take care of her two children, Nicolette  and Andrew , and doing other household chores. However, Ruth soon begins to feel ragged after trying to prepare for Bob\'s parents\' visit, culminating with Ruth finding Andrew\'s dead gerbil in a casserole pot. After Ruth confronts him about his affair in front of his parents, Bob decides to pack up his things and leave Ruth with the kids, calling her a liability and telling her she is a bad mother, a lousy wife, a terrible cook, and has the appearance of a "she-devil." Now at her breaking point, Ruth vows to get revenge on both Bob and Mary. Ruth writes a list of Bob\'s four assets: his home, his family, his career, and his freedom, crossing off each one as it is destroyed. With Bob away at Mary\'s mansion by the sea and the kids at school, she sets the house on fire through various means including tossing two lit cigarettes into a waste basket, microwaving aerosol cans, and overloading an electrical outlet. Ruth takes the family dog, a framed photo of the Patchett family, and - significantly for Ruth\'s plan of revenge - Bob\'s file on Mary\'s finances before leaving as the house explodes in a massive fireball. Ruth then drops the children and dog off at Mary\'s mansion to live with their father. After seeing in Mary\'s file that Mary pays for her mother to live in an expensive nursing home, Ruth takes a job there under the pseudonym Vesta Rose, and forms friendships with Mary\'s estranged mother, Mrs. Fisher , and diminutive co-worker Nurse Hooper . As part of her plan, Ruth gets Mary\'s mother thrown out of the home, and the latter moves in with her daughter, much to Mary\'s chagrin. Ruth later partners with Hooper to start the Vesta Rose Employment Agency, which helps downtrodden, socially rejected women find good jobs in exchange for them unwittingly helping Ruth in her quest for vengeance against Bob; one such example is Olivia Honey , whom Bob hires as his secretary. Though Bob falls for Olivia at first sight, he fires her after she confesses her love for him; a heartbroken Olivia reveals to Ruth that Bob wires interest from his clients\' accounts into an offshore Swiss bank account. Both women break into Bob\'s firm to wire larger amounts of money from Bob\'s clients\' accounts into Bob\'s Swiss account, making his embezzlement more visible to his clients. Ruth then reports Bob\'s crimes to the IRS. Meanwhile, Mary\'s life crumbles around her, as her relationship with Bob grows distant, she has a hard time keeping Bob\'s children under control , is forced to do various chores by herself, as her maid Ute  is busy with the increased workload from the Patchett family, and her butler Garcia  is unwilling to help out, and Mrs. Fisher reveals Mary\'s lifelong secrets to a reporter for People magazine while the latter is on the phone. Compounding matters for Mary is the poor reception of her new novel titled "Love in the Rinse Cycle," and learning of Bob\'s affairs behind her back. However, upon seeing Ute walk off the job and everyone partying around, she finally decides to regain control of her life; she fires Garcia and lays down the law with Bob, the children, and her mother. Mary throws a party that evening to cheer herself up and also spend time with her friends, but police officers show up during the party with a warrant for Bob\'s arrest. After Bob\'s lawyer unknowingly reveals Bob\'s embezzling from her, Mary promptly dumps Bob and fires him as her accountant. Bob and his lawyer earlier tried to make a secret deal with one judge, but the plan falls apart as another judge takes the case . Bob is convicted and sentenced to eighteen months in prison, thus destroying his last asset - his freedom. Eighteen months pass, and Bob is released after fully serving his sentence, having greatly reformed and looking forward to spending time with his family, while Mary sold her mansion and released a new novel "Trust and Betrayal: A Docu-novel of Love, Money and Skepticism," which proves to be a critical and commercial success. Ruth appears at the book signing and asks the autograph to be made out to "Ruth." Mary experiences a brief lapse of déjà vu, but shrugs it off. Next in line after Ruth is Alain, a handsome Frenchman whom Mary flirts with, showing that she is back to her old ways.'] ["Mill worker and political activist Leopold Dilg  is accused of burning down a mill and causing the death of a foreman in the fire. In the middle of his trial, Dilg escapes from jail and seeks shelter in a house owned by former schoolmate Nora Shelley , now a schoolteacher on whom he has had a crush for years. Shelley has the house rented for the summer to distinguished law professor Michael Lightcap , who plans to write a book. Both Lightcap and Dilg arrive within minutes of each other. When Dilg is spotted by Lightcap, Shelley passes him off as her gardener. Lightcap and Dilg enjoy having spirited discussions about the law, Lightcap arguing from an academic viewpoint, while Dilg subscribes to a more practical approach. They become good friends as a result, but meanwhile they become romantic rivals, as Lightcap also falls in love with Nora. As a result of prodding by Shelley and Dilg's lawyer, Lightcap becomes suspicious and starts, in spite of his initial reluctance, to investigate further. He romances the girlfriend of the supposed murder victim and discovers that the former foreman is still alive and hiding in Boston. He is 'persuaded' to return to town and admit his guilt and that of the mill owner. Lightcap also convinces Dilg of the importance of following the law and Dilg gives himself up. In due course, he is set free. Soon afterward, Lightcap is appointed to the Supreme Court. He asks Shelley to marry him. Dilg tells Shelley that Lightcap's a fine man, but she decides in favor of Dilg."] ["The Queen of Paradise Island, a tiny uncharted isle somewhere in the Atlantic Ocean , is not happy. The town crier of the all-female hive-like colony  has just reported that there have only been two births within the last eighteen months and both of them were boys. As the Queen points out to Jani, her Minister of Propaganda: the only thing worse than boys is men. She demands more marriages, even going as far to think about passing conscription into law. However, Jani points out that the drones  in captivity are not willing to marry any of the beautiful island women, because as soon as the two-month honeymoon is over the bridegrooms are executed. An Allied bomber plane is in trouble overhead. The ferry pilot, Peter Lovell, struggles to keep control while Arthur Tucker is suffering from airsickness. The four aircrew bail out and parachute down on Paradise Island. The crew are quickly captured by the native woman and Rouna, the colony's leading journalist, sets her eye on the diminutive Arthur Tucker . Brought before the queen, the four airmen try to ingratiate themselves. The queen explains that they are free to move around the island and if rescued they will be permitted to leave. However, she encourages them to stay and marry within the colony. She hints at the death sentence but the airmen fail to pick up on the implication. Escorted around the town by guards, Arthur confesses he might be in love with redheaded Jani. However, he has been betrothed to Rouana, who desperately flirts with him. He avoids her and continues to chase Jani but to no avail. She's more interested in Peter, who in turn has fallen in love with her. She tries to prevent his falling for her, as she knows it will result in his death. Arthur and his friend Max sneak into the holy Temple of the Hive, where the island's law is written, and there they learn of the two-month honeymoon and subsequent death sentence. They also learn that the law states a wedding occurs whenever a woman and a man share wine. At the town's baths, Jani discovers that many of the islanders are disenchanted with how the men have been allocated. Jani tries to reassure everyone that no one is officially betrothed yet. Various ideas are thrown around, including communism. Jani decides to be noble and offers a solution . The cup final of the island's rugby league takes place tomorrow; the winning team will draw lots and the lucky four who win will get the men. The scheduled rugby match gets under way the next day, with Arthur refereeing. Arthur is knocked out during play and when he wakes in Rouana's home she tricks him into drinking wine with her. Panicked, Arthur flees. With Peter and Jani's help, Arthur disguises himself as a  maid in Jani's household. Arthur tries to convince Jani that he loves her, but she ignores him and he is pounced on by the ever eager Rouana again. Arthur makes a perilous rooftop escape from her but ends up falling through the roof of the queen's bedchamber. Arthur tries to explain to her that the island's laws are ridiculous but the queen refuses to listen; however, she doesn't give his disguise away when the palace guard rush in. The next day, Rouana requests in court that the death sentence is waived for her and Arthur, as there is a precedent. Twenty years ago one woman fell so in love with a man that the law was overturned. However, when Arthur is put on the witness stand, he admits he doesn't love Rouana. This results in his being condemned to death . By the morning of the execution, Ronnie, the aircrew's radio operator, has managed to repair the plane's radio. Rescue is on its way. Arthur is rescued by Ronnie and Max in drag, and they all escape to the beach where Jani has arranged for a boat to be waiting for them."] ['Tom and Gerry Jeffers  are a married couple in New York City who are down on their luck financially, which is pushing the marriage to an end. But there is another, deeper problem with their relationship, one that is hinted at in the prologue of the movie as the opening credits roll and then explained near the movie\'s end. In the prologue Claudette Colbert appears bound and gagged in a closet, but then a second later in a wedding dress, seen by a maid who faints at every disturbance. The movie reveals much later that Colbert is playing identical twins, both of whom are in love with the intended groom played by Joel McCrea. The sister of the bride has just tied her up in an attempt to steal the wedding for herself. The pantomime is cross-cut with action showing McCrea hurriedly changing from one formal suit to another in the car as he rushes to the church. McCrea also is playing twins and the sibling is likewise in love with the tied up sister. He too is trying to steal the wedding. The end result is that the two siblings, not the original bride or groom, are married, and those two were not in love with each other. The two remain married from 1937 until 1942 where the film resumes. Gerry decides that Tom would be better off if they split up. She packs her bags; takes some money offered to her the Wienie King ([[Robert Dudley , a strange but rich little man who is thinking of renting the Jeffers\' apartment; and boards a train for Palm Beach, Florida. There she plans to get a divorce and meet a wealthy second husband who can help Tom. On the train, she meets the eccentric John D. Hackensacker III , one of the richest men in the world.  Because of an encounter with the wild and drunken millionaire members of the Ale and Quail hunting club, Gerry loses all her luggage; after making do with clothing scrounged from other passengers, she is forced to accept Hackensacker\'s extravagant charity. They leave the train and go on a shopping spree for everything from lingerie to jewelry &ndash; Hackensacker minutely noting the cost of everything in a little notebook, which he never bothers to add up &ndash; and make the remainder of the trip to Palm Beach on Hackensacker\'s yacht named The Erl King. Tom follows Gerry to Palm Beach by air, also with the impromptu financial assistance of the Wienie King. When Tom meets Hackensacker, Gerry introduces him as her brother, Captain McGlue. Soon, Hackensacker falls for Gerry, while his often-married, man-hungry sister, Princess Centimillia , chases Tom, although her last lover, Toto , is still following her around. To help further his suit with Gerry, Hackensacker agrees to invest in Tom\'s scheme to build an airport suspended over a city by wires. Tom finally persuades Gerry to give their marriage another chance, and they confess their masquerade to their disappointed suitors. Even though he is disappointed, Hackensacker intends to go through with his investment in the suspended airport, since he thinks it is a good business deal and he never lets anything get in the way of business. Then, when Tom and Gerry reveal that they met because they are both identical twins &ndash; a fact which explains the opening sequence of the film &ndash; Hackensacker and his sister are elated. The final scene shows Hackensacker and Gerry\'s sister, and the Princess and Tom\'s brother, getting married. The film ends where it began after the prologue, with the words "And they lived happily ever after...or did they?" on title cards.'] ['Nick and Nora\'s visit Nick\'s parents in Nick\'s hometown of Sycamore Springs. The residents are convinced that Nick is in town on an investigation, despite Nick\'s repeated denials. However, when aircraft factory employee Peter Berton seeks out Nick and is shot dead before he can reveal anything, Nick is on the case. An old childhood friend, Dr. Bruce Clayworth, performs the autopsy and extracts a pistol bullet. Then, when Nick searches Berton\'s room for clues, he is knocked unconscious by Crazy Mary, a local eccentric. Nora\'s innocent purchase of an old painting for Nick\'s birthday present turns out to be the key to the mystery. When she shows it to her husband, it brings back unpleasant memories for him, so she donates it to a charity bazaar. When Edgar Draque offers Nora a large sum for the painting, Nick wonders why it is so valuable. Nick learns that Draque\'s wife Helena bought the artwork, but she is knocked out and the painting goes missing. Nick discovers that Crazy Mary is Berton\'s mother and goes to see her, only to come across her lifeless body. Nick and Nora\'s dog Asta finds the painting in her shack. Nick puts the pieces together and has the police bring all the suspects to his father\'s house.  Using Dr. Charles\'s fluoroscope, Nick shows that there is a blueprint hidden underneath the paint. Several people identify it as part of the specifications for a new aircraft propeller worth a great deal to a "foreign power". Berton had copied the blueprints and smuggled them out in five paintings. He had a change of heart and was going to confess all to Nick, but was killed before he could. Nick has a souvenir World War II Japanese sniper rifle belonging to Dr. Clayworth\'s brother brought in, and claims it was the murder weapon. Then, after proving that the Draques are members of the crime ring, Nick reveals the identity of the leader of the gang: Dr. Bruce Clayworth. Clayworth\'s first slip was the bullet he showed Nick. Nick knew a pistol did not have the power to propel a bullet as far into Berton\'s body as the real one had. Clayworth grabs the rifle and, after confessing , tries to shoot his nemesis, only to find that Nick had taken the precaution of having the firing pin removed. Nick\'s father is very impressed.'] ["In Venice, Gaston Monescu , a master thief masquerading as a baron, meets Lily , a beautiful thief and pickpocket also pretending to be of the nobility, and the two fall in love and decide to team up. They leave Venice for Paris, and go to work for the famous perfume manufacturer Madame Mariette Colet , with the intention of stealing a great sum of money from her safe, which Monescu, as her secretary, arranges to be diverted there. In the course of things, Colet begins to flirt with Monescu, and he begins to have feelings for her. Unfortunately, the plan develops a hitch when François Filiba , one of Colet's suitors, sees Monescu at a garden party. He is unable to remember where he knows him from, but when another of Colet's suitors, The Major , tells Filiba that he once mistook Monescu for a doctor, Filiba suddenly remembers that he knows Monescu from Venice, where the thief robbed him, pretending to be a doctor. Monescu and Lily plan an immediate getaway that night, after they take all the money in the safe. Colet prepares to leave for a dinner party given by the Major, but cannot decide whether to go or to stay and have sex with Monescu. Eventually she goes, but not before Lily catches on that Monescu has fallen for her rival, and wants to back out of the plan &ndash; so she robs the safe herself after confronting her partner. At the Major's, Filiba tells Colet about Monescu, but she refuses to believe it's true. She returns home and suggestively probes Monescu, who admits that the safe has been cleaned out, but claims that he himself took the cash. He also tells her that the manager of her business, Adolph J. Giron , who has been suspicious of Monescu all along, has stolen millions of dollars from the firm over the years. Lily then confronts Colet and Monescu, reporting that it was she who stole the money from the safe. An argument ensues, in which, eventually, Colet allows the two thieves to leave together. As a parting shot, Monescu steals a necklace from Colet that Lily had her eye on, and, in turn, Lily steals it from him, displaying it to him as the taxi takes them away, hugging each other."] ['Cosimo  and Toto  attempt to steal a car and Cosimo gets caught. In jail, he meets an old man who tells him about a Bellini - a perfect heist -- which he cannot pull off because of his jail sentence. Cosimo wants his girlfriend/fiancée, Rosalind , to find a "Mullinski"  so that he can get out of jail and pull off this Bellini. After talking to Toto, Basil , Leon , and Pero  - and telling them the basics of the "Bellini" in the process - Pero is paid $16,000 to confess to Cosimo\'s crime. In jail, he gets Cosimo to tell him what the Bellini is, and then lets him know that his sentence was suspended so that he walks out a free man, leaving Cosimo to rot in jail. When he gets home, Pero is confronted by Cosimo\'s girlfriend, Rosalind, and some of the other people she asked to take the fall for Cosimo, including: Riley, whose wife is in jail and he to take care of his baby , Leon, and Toto. Pero tells them he used the money to pay off his debts, but reveals the Bellini. A brick building on Chester used to be a flour factory. Later it was converted, half into apartments and half into a jewelry store. The old man in jail was hired to work on the renovation. He created a small false wall between one of the apartments and the room with the jewelry store safe. Pero, Riley, Leon, Toto, and Rosalind all agree to go in on the heist together. Riley sold all of his camera equipment to buy baby supplies, but goes to a street market and steals a video camera so that they can record the owner opening the safe and get the combination. After many failed attempts to record the combination, they hire a safe cracker, Jerzy, to teach them how to crack the safe. The gang have to watch out for Sgt. Babitch, who is keeping a close eye on them. They are shocked to find that a pair of maiden aunts and a young woman named Carmela have moved into the vacant apartment. Leon and Basil pretend to accost Carmela and Pero comes to her "rescue." He gets a date with her and takes her to the street carnival. In the meantime, a guard watching over Cosimo suddenly falls down dead. Cosimo takes the guard\'s uniform and uses it to escape from jail. He confronts Pero in the funhouse at the carnival, and then the gang and a fight breaks out. Cosimo doesn\'t want to share the Bellini, and hits Rosalind for betraying him. They try to convince him that they can split the take equally, but Cosimo threatens to kill anyone who tries to pull off his heist. Rosalind leaves the group, no longer interested in the heist. Pero finds that he is falling for Carmela. She reveals that the aunts will be out of town for several days. That same night Cosimo dies in a bus accident. Basil meets Leon\'s sister, Michelle, and they begin dating even though she\'s engaged; Michelle tells Basil that she wants an "honest man". Pero, having lied about the $16,000, gives it to Babitch to let them do the job. The night of the heist, Riley leaves his baby with Rosalind, but on his way to meet up at Pero\'s apartment he gets his arm broken by the men he stole the video camera from. His arm is in a cast and he\'s taken almost a bottleful of Vicodin . Leon, having found out about Michelle and Basil, confronts him. Basil admits that he can\'t pull the heist because he got an honest job in order to be worthy of Michelle. He leaves. During the heist, everything that can go wrong, does. Riley is completely drugged, Toto loses his pants, Pero bites off the tip of his tongue, the janitor comes in to check on the apartment while the guys are there, and they realize that the floor plans they got were incorrect. They break through the wrong wall  at 3am and realize there is not enough time to get it right and crack open the safe. Toto finds $1,000 in the cookie jar. While reheating dinner on the stove in the aunts\' apartment, they accidentally blow up the stove. The end scene is the group after the explosion standing at the bus stop. Riley suggests that they shouldn\'t see one another again. As he is getting on the bus, Pero looks at Leon and Toto, and all agree to give Riley the $1000 to get his wife out of jail. Leon heads home to apologize to his sister and tells Pero to let him know when he gets another Bellini. As Pero leaves, Toto asks him about Carmela, and tells him that it\'s important to have someone to walk with, more so than money.'] ['An American dancer, Jerry Travers  comes to London to star in a show produced by the bumbling Horace Hardwick . While practicing a tap dance routine in his hotel bedroom, he awakens Dale Tremont  on the floor below. She storms upstairs to complain, whereupon Jerry falls hopelessly in love with her and proceeds to pursue her all over London. Dale mistakes Jerry for Horace, who is married to her friend Madge . Following the success of Jerry\'s opening night in London, Jerry follows Dale to Venice, where she is visiting Madge and modelling/promoting the gowns created by Alberto Beddini ([[Erik Rhodes , a dandified Italian fashion designer with a penchant for malapropisms. Jerry proposes to Dale, who, while still believing that Jerry is Horace, is disgusted that her friend\'s husband could behave in such a manner and agrees instead to marry Alberto. Fortunately, Bates , Horace\'s meddling English valet, disguises himself as a priest and conducts the ceremony; apparently, Horace had sent Bates to keep tabs on Dale. On a trip in a gondola, Jerry manages to convince Dale and they return to the hotel where the previous confusion is rapidly cleared up. The reconciled couple dance off into the Venetian sunset, to the tune of "The Piccolino".Adapted from Billman'] ['George "Hotsy" Hamilton , a very eligible but naive vegetarian heir to a meat-packing fortune, returns home to Connecticut by luxury cruise ship, accompanied by Marty Kennedy , his valet, guardian and best friend, after spending three years together on a scientific expedition in the Belgian Congo looking for a rare snake. Onboard, the woman-shy George attracts a lot of attention from the opposite sex, despite being the consummate milque-toast, but the one he can\'t avoid is Jean Harris , a beautiful con artist travelling with her equally larcenous father, Colonel Patrick Henry "Handsome Harry" Harris , and his partner-in-crime Gerald . The three con artists are out to fleece George of a small fortune, but even the best laid plans can go astray. First, Jean falls hard for George and shields him from her card sharp father. Then, when Marty discovers the truth about her and her father and tells George about them, he dumps her. Furious at being scorned, she re-enters his life masquerading as the posh "Countess Louise", the cousin of "Jacques Duc de Montaigne" , who is actually Frenchie, another con man who\'s swindling the rich folks of Connecticut. Jean is determined to get back at George, so she sets out to seduce him, again. George\'s domineering father  throws a party in honor of the visiting French royalty, and George is completely taken in by Jean\'s masquerade. Soon her hapless victim is so confused and bothered he doesn\'t know which way is up, but, in the end, after all the twists and turns, deceptions and lies, true love wins out.TCM Full synopsis<ref nameavg&sql=1:5728 Plot synopsis ]IMDB Plot'] ["Bill, Farley Granger, forgets about his anniversary, with Kate, Shelly Winters, until the last minute, when a small dog starts to follow him. From there, mayhem ensues, knocking things over; chased by the police, smugglers, counterfeiters, and murderers; and harangued by his Mother-in-law. It’s a question of who will survive to recover the goods, or live to spend it. It's a star-studded romp, with many familiar faces and character actors in this screwball comedy caper. Still, ask your Vet before giving your dogs bones, or chocolate, or loot!"] ['Willard  is an overworked, underpaid chauffeur who works for a mean-spirited pie heiress named Mrs. Crock , just as his father did before him. All Willard wants for Christmas is a new uniform, as the one he currently wears is the one his father was buried in, but Crock gives him a cheap pair of cuff links and a pie instead, while lavishing expensive gifts on her business partner Chip Oswald  and her prized dog Muffin. Finally fed up with being mistreated, Willard and his friend, local chicken restaurant owner Rusty , concoct a scheme to kidnap the dog and hold it for a $1,000,000 ransom. Muffin attacks him, leaving a great deal of destruction and Willard\'s blood at the scene, and the plan fails when the dog later escapes. However, Crock and the Pittsburgh police misinterpret the hastily scrawled ransom note and believe that Willard himself has been kidnapped. Crock refuses to pay up initially until met with public protests led by Willard\'s on-again off-again girlfriend Hillary . Willard and Rusty come up with a new scheme, in which Willard films a fake ransom video and releases it to the media, putting pressure on Crock to come up with the money to preserve her public image as a kindly old grandmother. The plan calls for Willard to mug his boss as she goes to drop off the ransom money, and to have a dead body left behind dressed as Willard to throw off the police. They enlist the services of a creepy morgue employee named Grover Cleaver  to find an appropriate corpse and schedule a meeting at night in the park. This plan also goes wrong, however, when Willard succeeds in getting the money, only to lose it to two small children who attack him with a taser and a shiv and steal the suitcase. Willard is found by the police and sent to a hospital, as the children have soundly brutalized him. The police then find the dead body that was supposed to take the place of Willard as he made his getaway, and Willard claims that it was his captor. The police are suspicious, as Grover used the body of an old homeless dwarf, but Willard claims he was "more ferocious when he was alive". Willard dejectedly returns to work for Mrs. Crock  until the mother of one of his attackers shows up and returns the briefcase. Overjoyed, Willard and Rusty plan to go on a long vacation only to find that the briefcase was filled with newspaper and cabbage. After interrogating Willard and Rusty , the police go after Grover, who goes on a rampage, kidnapping Mrs. Crock while waiting for the share of money Willard promised him. Willard goes to Grover and confronts his employer, finding out that the money was actually in the briefcase but was stolen by Chip Oswald, who planned to double-cross them all and make off with his boyfriend. He also discovers to everyone\'s disgust that his father was also Mrs. Crock\'s lover as well as manservant. After the police converge on Grover\'s place, Crock convinces them that the trio are actually her rescuers. In the end, Willard leads the police to Chip\'s apartment, where the ransom money is discovered. When Chip pulls a gun, Rusty panics and knocks him unconscious by hitting him in the head with a lava lamp. Mrs. Crock expresses her gratitude by paying for Willard to attend college in California and buying him a new Armani suit, and paying for Rusty to open a new Chicken Hole on the beach. Willard finally reconciles with Hillary, while Crock herself ends up in a romantic relationship with Grover.'] ['Respected anthropologist James Krippendorf  and his wife, Jennifer ([[Barbara Williams , bring their three children along during their much-enjoyed search in New Guinea for a lost tribe. The search fails, despite the family\'s best efforts. After Jennifer\'s death back in the U.S., James falls into academic stagnation, having spent all his foundation grant money raising the children as a single parent. Scheduled to lecture at a college and fearful of being charged with misuse of grant funds, James concocts an imaginary tribe, the Shelmikedmu, using the names of his children as a basis. He later fakes a 16&nbsp;mm "documentary" film, casting his children as tribe members and superimposing footage of a legitimate New Guinean tribe so as to enhance the illusion. Anthropologist Veronica Micelli  contacts cable-TV producer Henry Spivey , forcing James to continue creating fraudulent footage as James\' rival Ruth Allen  becomes suspicious. Because he has described a culture unlike any other, Krippendorf\'s fraud becomes increasingly famous. James himself masquerades as a tribal elder, while his two sons, Mickey ([[Gregory Smith  and Edmund , create and enact increasingly imaginative rituals. Only the eldest child, James\' daughter Shelly, refuses to participate due to her disgust at the dishonesty perpetrated by her father. Taking advantage of her curiosity, James tricks Veronica into participating in his false documentary. When she discovers the truth, she is initially angry, but later helps James continue his fraud. Ruth Allen travels to New Guinea, discovering no tribe in the location specified by James. She transmits the news via fax to a colleague, who exposes James at a gala. James\' imaginative son, Mickey, improvises a lie, that the Shelmikedmu hide by means of a magical ritual known only to them. Unknown to the majority of the characters, Shelly has contacted the New Guineans befriended by her family during the futile search for the lost tribe, urging them to masquerade as the Shelmikedmu in order to disappoint Ruth Allen. The ruse succeeds, and the accusation of fraud is abandoned. James, relieved of his worries, ends his fraud. Because Veronica has become sexually involved with him during her participation in his deceit, she assumes the role of a mother toward the children, though she is not explicitly said to marry James.'] ['Felix Ungar  checks into a fleabag hotel room near Times Square, Manhattan and attempts to kill himself by jumping out the window, but he can\'t get the window open and ends up pulling a muscle in his back. Limping back on the street he tries to get drunk at a dance bar and ends up hurting his neck when he throws down a shot. Finally, he stands on a bridge, contemplating jumping into the river. Meanwhile, in the pig-sty Upper West Side apartment of divorced sportswriter Oscar Madison  on a hot and sticky evening, Oscar and his buddies Speed , Roy , Vinnie , and Murray the cop  are playing poker and discussing their friend, Felix Ungar, who is unusually late to the game. Murray\'s wife calls and tells him that Felix is missing. Oscar then calls Felix\'s wife who says she and Felix have split up. As they are discussing what to do, and worried that Felix might try to commit suicide, Felix arrives not knowing that his friends already know that his wife has kicked him out of the house. Felix eventually breaks down crying and his friends try to console him. Oscar then suggests that Felix move in with him, since Oscar has lived alone since he split up with his own wife, Blanche, several months earlier. Felix agrees, and urges Oscar to not be shy about letting him know if he gets on Oscar\'s nerves. Within a week, Oscar is going nuts. Felix is a neurotic, obsessive-compulsive nut, who runs around the apartment cleaning, picking up after Oscar, and berating him for being such a slob. He also refuses to have any fun, spending most of his time thinking about Frances. Felix at one point telephones Oscar at Shea Stadium telling him not to eat any hot dogs at the game, because Felix is preparing franks and beans for dinner; this distraction causes Oscar to miss seeing a rare triple-play at the Mets game on which he is reporting. The two men are shown bowling, shooting pool, and walking the city streets. Felix has a sinus attack, making loud obnoxious noises while seated in a coffee shop. Finally, after Felix drives everyone at the weekly poker game crazy, Oscar convinces Felix to lighten up and join him on a double-date with two English girls who live in the building &ndash; the Pigeon sisters, Cecily  and Gwendolyn , who actually "coo" when they laugh. As the date commences, Oscar tries to get Felix to loosen up by leaving him alone for a while in their living room with the two attractive, and somewhat frisky, sisters. Instead, he winds up talking about Frances, and breaks down weeping. When Oscar returns from their kitchen, the Pigeon sisters, one a divorcee, the other widowed, are sobbing as uncontrollably as Felix. Oscar cheers them up and they invite the boys upstairs for what should be a wild night. Instead, Felix, who realizes that he is still too attached to his wife, refuses to go, opting to wash his hair instead. Oscar joins the sisters in their apartment, but winds up spending the night telling them all about Felix. Furious about Felix\'s ruining the date, Oscar resorts to giving Felix the silent treatment and torturing him by messing up the apartment as much as possible. Felix retaliates by just being himself, driving Oscar insane with his endless cleaning and neurotic behavior. Eventually, the tension explodes into an argument that results in Oscar demanding that Felix move out. Felix complies, but leaves Oscar with a major-league guilt trip for having abandoned his still-in-need friend. Feeling awful about throwing Felix out, and not knowing where he has gone, Oscar assembles his poker buddies to search New York City for Felix in Murray\'s NYPD police car, which he\'s not supposed to use. After searching for hours, they return to Oscar\'s apartment to find out that Felix has moved in with the Pigeon sisters. Oscar and Felix apologize to each other, and realize that a bit of each has rubbed off on the other, with each being a better person for it. Oscar tells his friends to clean up their mess after the poker game is over, ending the film.'] ["Tony Ryder's uncle, the wealthy owner of a newspaper, has just died. The young playboy Tony inherits the paper but is left with a board of directors that thinks he's unsuited for the task, plus a hotel detective who thinks Tony should know about a girl who was seen running away from his uncle's Palm Beach hotel room, wearing nothing but a Turkish towel and an earring, on the night of his death. Tony discovers that the young lady in question, Katie Robbins, is employed in his own research department. The board decrees that he must send in the detective to watch her and head off any attempts at blackmail. But the more time Tony spends trying to get Katie to open up about what her relationship to his uncle was, the less he cares. Complications ensue in the form of Ms. Robbins's fiance -- he's a straight-laced veterinarian -- and the board's insistence that Katie be silenced at all costs."] ["{{tone}} Donald Quinelle  was a simple employee who was fired from his job. Sonny Paluso  was a gas station owner whose station was accidentally blown up by Donald. The two men met up at a restaurant when it was robbed by a man in a ski mask . Donald was shot, but Sonny got a good look at the man. Then Donald appeared on the news to explain the incident and the robber learned Sonny's identity. That night the robber visited Sonny to kill him and his teenage daughter Candice, but Donald saved them. Afterwards Sonny and Donald took Jack Locke, the robber, to the police at gun point. On the way home they stopped at a gun store, where Donald went on a spending spree despite Sonny's distaste for weapons. Donald went to a survival camp led by a man named Wes. Jack, released from jail, tracked Sonny to the camp. They made a deal: Jack wouldn't kill Donald if he agreed to say nothing to the police.{{Clarify}} Sonny and his daughter went to try to talk to Donald.{{Clarify}} After Donald insulted Jack on the phone Jack decided to go up there to settle it{{Clarify}} himself. Donald became a killing machine thanks to Wes' teachings. After a battle with Jack, Donald ran away and the rest of the camp discovers what was going on. Jack hid in Donald's cabin and Sonny tried to reason with the rest of the camp. Jack and Donald came out and Donald was yelling about how they{{Clarify}} were going to kill him. However, it was a ruse{{Clarify}} and Sonny, Candice, Jack, and Donald escaped in Sonny's car. After exposing Wes as a fraud to the rest of the camp the group headed home. Donald got out of the car and had a moment of reflection in the snow and Sonny tried to comfort him. The two walked back to the car as friends."] ["Theodora Lynn  is a Sunday school teacher and former church organist raised by two spinster aunts, Mary  and Elsie Lynn . She also happens to be, under the pen name Caroline Adams, the secret author of a bestselling book that has the straitlaced Lynnfield Literary Circle in an uproar. When it is serialized in the local newspaper, the Circle, led by outraged busybody Rebecca Perry , forces Jed Waterbury ([[Thomas Mitchell  to stop printing the salacious installments. Theodora travels to New York City on the pretext of visiting her uncle John ([[Robert Greig , but actually to see her publisher, Arthur Stevenson . Though Stevenson reassures an anxious Theodora that only he and his secretary know her identity, his wife Ethel  pressures him into an introduction, which the book's illustrator, Michael Grant , overhears. Intrigued, Michael invites himself to dinner with the Stevensons and Theodora. Theodora becomes annoyed when Michael smugly assumes that she is a teetotaler, so she orders a whiskey. As the night goes on, she becomes drunk. So does Ethel, forcing Arthur to take his wife home and leaving Theodora alone with Michael. When he makes a pass at her, she panics and flees, much to his amusement. He tracks her down to her hometown and blackmails her into hiring him as a gardener, scandalizing her aunts and providing Rebecca Perry plenty to gossip about. Michael declares that he is going to break Theodora out of her confining routine, ignoring her protests that she likes her life just the way it is. Despite herself, she enjoys herself very much when Michael makes her go berrypicking and fishing with him. Finally, she gets up the nerve to tell the disapproving women of the Literary Circle that she loves him. When she tells Michael what she has done, he is less than thrilled. The next day, Theodora finds that he has gone away. She tracks him down to his Park Avenue apartment. He admits he loves her, but then his father , the Lieutenant Governor, shows up, followed by Michael's wife, Agnes . The estranged couple are only remaining married to avoid causing a political scandal for Michael's father. Theodora determines to free Michael just as he had done for her. He wants her to hold off until his father's term ends, but she is unwilling to wait that long. To that end, she courts publicity. She finally crashes the Governor's ball and arranges for reporters to photograph her embracing Michael. Agnes seeks a divorce to avoid looking like a fool. Theodora returns to Lynnfield and is warmly welcomed as a celebrity, even by her now-supportive aunts. She causes further talk when she brings a newborn baby with her. When Michael, now divorced, sees the child, he tries to flee, but then Theodora reveals that the baby belongs to Rebecca Perry's own secretly-married daughter."] ['Milford Farnsworth  is a bumbling insurance agent who unknowingly sells a life insurance policy to the outlaw Jesse James . Farnsworth is sent out West to protect the insurance company\'s investment by "protecting" James. James has his own plans to have Farnsworth killed while dressed as the outlaw, so that he and his soon to be "widow" Cora Lee Collins  can collect on the $100,000 insurance policy. Farnsworth avoids several attempts on his life while he and Collins fall in love with each other. After the last attempt is made on his life, Farnsworth impersonates the justice of the peace who is supposed to marry James and Collins. When Farnsworth and Collins make a run for it, they end up in a gun battle with the James Gang where several Western heroes make their cameos to surreptitiously help Farnsworth. In the end Farnsworth is victorious, marries Collins, and becomes president of the insurance company.'] ['Alice , the only relatively normal member of the eccentric Sycamore family, falls in love with Tony Kirby . His wealthy banker father, Anthony P. Kirby ([[Edward Arnold , and his snobbish mother , strongly disapprove of the match. When the Kirbys are invited to dinner to become better acquainted with their future in-laws, things do not turn out the way Alice had hoped.'] ['Gaylord "Greg" Focker  is preparing to celebrate his twins\' fifth birthday party. Things seem to go awry when Greg\'s father-in-law Jack Byrnes  visits. Recently, Jack has been diagnosed with a heart condition and become embittered by his daughter Debbie\'s divorce from her husband, Bob , for cheating on her with a nurse. Jack\'s plan was originally to name Bob as his successor of the Byrnes family, but decides to pass the role to Greg, naming him "The Godfocker". Despite Greg begrudgingly accepting the role, Jack begins to suspect Greg of infidelity when he sees him with a drug rep, Andi Garcia , who openly flirts with him, and the presence of Sustengo erection pills in Greg\'s house, which prompts Jack to think Greg is no longer sexually attracted to his wife, Pam . Furthermore, Jack starts to doubt Greg\'s ability to provide for his family when he appears reluctant to send his children to a private school. During a medical conference promoting Sustengo, Greg meets Bob at a bar. Bob tells Greg of Jack\'s original intention to name him as successor, "The Bobfather", and expresses relief and happiness at leaving Jack\'s family, which makes Greg slightly uncomfortable. Jack, for his part, starts to speak with Pam about the possibility of divorcing Greg and renewing her relationship with her ex-fiancée, Kevin Rawley . Eventually, following a row at a clinic, Greg runs away from home to his and Pam\'s unfinished new house, where he is paid a visit by Andi, who tries to cheer him up with takeout and wine, but Andi soon becomes so drunk that she makes an aggressive sexual pass at Greg. While looking for Greg to apologise and bring him home, Jack pulls up to the house and sees, through the window, what he believes to be Greg and Andi having sex while Greg is trying to rebuff Andi\'s advances. Disgusted, Jack merely leaves, but tells Dina and Pam that he was unable to find Greg. At the twins\' birthday party, Greg\'s parents, Bernie  and Roz  rejoin the family, but Jack, enraged at Greg\'s apparent infidelity, engages Greg in a physical fight, despite Greg insisting that Andi was drunk and he was rebuffing her. The fight culminates with Jack having a heart attack and collapsing. As he is taken away by paramedics, Jack quietly admits that he now believes Greg after feeling his carotid artery, which remained stable while Greg was claiming his innocence. Four months later on Christmas Day, Greg and Pam\'s parents come to spend Christmas with them in their new house. Greg\'s parents  give Jack a present of a kippah, informing him they traced his family roots back while nursing him back to health, discovering he is part Jewish. Bernie informs Greg and Pam that he and Roz have sold their island home and are moving to Chicago only two houses down from theirs. Jack and Dina decide they will move too, because they also want to be close to their grandchildren. The film ends with Greg and Pam trying to wean their parents off the idea. During the credits, Jack is back in his home on Long Island, and with Mr. Jinx watches a video of Greg on YouTube in which Greg, at the Sustengo conference, mentions Jack\'s eccentric behavior. Jack then discovers a remixed version of the video using puns of several of the words in the video, much to Jack\'s slight amusement.'] ["Josh Mallon  and Ace Lannigan  are best friends and work aboard the same ship. As their ship returns to the US after a long voyage, they see all the other sailors being mistreated by their wives and girlfriends, and the two friends pledge never to get involved with women again. Unfortunately, this vow is tested almost immediately. First, Ace is confronted by the family of a former lover, Cherry, who insist he marry her. Then Josh, who is the son of rich shipping magnate Charles Coburn, has to fend off his fiancee, Gloria , and his father's wishes that he settle down and take over the family business. Things get worse when Josh and Ace get caught up fishing and turn up late for a party to celebrate Josh's engagement. Gloria's hostile drunken brother starts a fistfight and a news reporter takes photographs that cause a scandal. Josh and Ace flee to Hawaii and then head for Singapore. However, the pair only get as far as the island of Kaigoon before their money runs out. They rescue Mima , an exotic local  from her abusive dance-partner, Caesar , and she moves into their hut. Soon Mima is running the two men's lives, much to their chagrin. The trio try to make money in several different ways, including trying to sell a spot remover that is so bad it dissolves clothes. When Josh's father finally locates his wayward son, he and Gloria fly out to bring Josh back to face his responsibilities. The resentful Caesar leads them to where Ace, Josh and Mima are enjoying a local feast. By this point, both Josh and Ace have fallen in love with Mima. She is heartbroken to learn that Gloria is Josh's fiancee. Ace proposes to Mima, but before she can accept, Josh returns. The two friends almost come to blows over Mima, but then decide that she should choose between them. Mima picks Ace. Josh boards an ocean liner with Gloria and his father. Meanwhile, Caesar informs the local police that Ace is on the island illegally. Ace is arrested when he cannot produce a passport, but manages to escape. He and Mima flee aboard a ship, but Ace comes to realize that Mima really loves Josh. When Josh's ship docks at a tropical port, a passenger complains about a terrible spot remover that disintegrated his suit jacket. Josh realizes that Ace and Mima must be on the island. When he finds them, Ace tells his best friend that Mima really loves him."] ['Dr. Edward Blis, Jr, a chiropractor by day, moonlights as a professional wrestler at night. His wrestling name is the Naked Man and he wears a naked body suit when wrestling. After his parents and wife are killed by Sticks Varona, a cripple with crutches which double as machine guns, and an Elvis Presley impersonator, he loses his sanity. He adopts the persona of his wrestling character and goes on a rampage of revenge.'] ['At Middlebury College in 1969, four friends, Elise Elliot , Brenda Morelli , Annie MacDuggan , and Cynthia Swann , are graduating. As graduation gifts, valedictorian Cynthia presents the girls with matching Bulgari pearl necklaces. As the graduates take a commemorative picture of the four of them , Cynthia makes Annie, Brenda and Elise promise that they will always be there for each other throughout the remainder of their lives. In the present time, the four friends eventually lose touch with one another, as evident when Cynthia is tearfully gazing at the picture of the four of them on that graduation day. Now wealthy and living in a luxurious penthouse, she gives her maid a Bulgari pearl necklace , and she has her mail letters to them. She later walks outside of the balcony of her penthouse in a floor length fur coat, a cigarette and a drink, and then commits suicide by jumping off the balcony after learning through the tabloids that her ex-husband Gil , married his much younger mistress the day before. Her former friends aren\'t doing much better: Brenda is divorced, left for a younger woman, depressed, and struggling financially. Elise, whose husband also left her for a younger woman, is now an aging alcoholic movie actress who has become a plastic-surgery addict to keep her career afloat. Annie, meanwhile, is separated, suffering extreme self-esteem issues, and going through therapy with her husband. Shortly after Cynthia\'s funeral, at which the three remaining friends are reunited for the first time since college, Annie\'s husband, Aaron , leaves her for her younger therapist  and asks her for a divorce after assuming that spending a night together would reconcile them; Brenda has a rather unpleasant encounter at a clothing store with her ex, Morty  and his younger and rather hateful mistress Shelly , and Elise finds out that her soon-to be ex-husband, Bill , is requesting alimony and half of their marital assets. Also, during a meeting with a director for a possible leading lady movie role, she discovers that she is only wanted for the mother of the leading lady. Shortly thereafter, the three friends receive the letter that Cynthia mailed to them before her suicide. After all three read their letter from Cynthia and feeling that they have been taken for granted by their husbands, the women decide to create the First Wives Club, aiming to get revenge on their exes. Annie\'s lesbian daughter Chris  also gets in on the plan by asking for a job at her father\'s advertising agency so she can supply her mother with inside information. Brenda finds out through her uncle Carmine  who has Mafia connections that Morty is guilty of income tax fraud, while Annie makes a plan to revive her advertising career and buy out Aaron\'s partners. However, as their plan moves through, things start to fall apart when they find out that Bill has no checkered past and nothing for them to use against him. Brenda and Elise hurl vicious insults at each other, and the women drift apart. When Annie starts thinking about closing down the First Wives Club, her friends come back, saying that they want to see this to the end and while Bill hasn\'t done anything wrong they can make him think he has. They trick him into thinking that his mistress  is a minor. Deciding that revenge would make them no better than their husbands, they instead use these situations to push their men into funding the establishment of a nonprofit organization dedicated to aiding abused women, in memory of their college friend Cynthia. The film ends with a celebration at the new Cynthia Swann Griffin Crisis Center for Women. Annie narrates that Elise started a relationship with a cast member in her new, successful play, that Brenda and Morty reconciled their differences and got back together, and that when Aaron tried to get back together with her, Annie told him to "drop dead". While outside the center Bill meets Shelly and the two start to flirt. The film concludes with the three women joyfully singing "You Don\'t Own Me".'] ["A tabloid reporter  uses a scheme to meet Sara Farley , a grocery-store heiress he's been writing unflattering things about. He gets her to start talking about herself and finds her down to earth. Tierney assumes he's going to write more lies, so she announces to the press that the two of them are married. In trying to get the truth out, he loses his job; what follows is classic farce and the stakes escalate. Finally, he sues her for libel and the courts takes it from there!"] ['David Huxley  is a mild-mannered paleontologist beleaguered by problems. For the past four years, he has been trying to assemble the skeleton of a Brontosaurus but is missing one bone . To add to the stress, he is about to get married to the dour Alice Swallow  and must make a favorable impression upon Mrs. Random , who is considering donating one million dollars to his museum. The day before his planned wedding, David meets Susan Vance  by chance on a golf course. She is a free-spirited young lady and, unknown to him at first, happens to be Mrs. Random\'s niece. Susan\'s brother Mark has sent her a tame leopard from BrazilLeopards are Old World animals, and Brazil is jaguar territory. named "Baby", which she is supposed to give to her aunt. Susan believes David is a zoologist rather than a paleontologist, and she is very persistent in getting David to go to her country home in Connecticut to help her take care of Baby, which includes singing "I Can\'t Give You Anything But Love" which Baby likes. Complications arise as Susan decides that she has fallen in love with David, and she endeavors to keep him at her house for as long as possible to prevent him from marrying his colleague.  While David is there, Susan\'s dog George ([[Skippy  steals and buries the bone that David needs to complete his Brontosaurus skeleton. Susan\'s aunt, Mrs. Elizabeth Random arrives. She is unaware of who David really is because Susan has introduced him as a man named "Mr. Bone". Baby runs off, as does George. To further complicate matters, Susan and David mistake a decidedly wild and very dangerous leopard that has escaped from a nearby circus for Baby. They are jailed by a befuddled town constable, Constable Slocum  for breaking into the house of Dr. Fritz Lehman .{{cite web}} When Slocum does not believe their story, Susan tells him that they are members of "The Leopard Gang"; she refers to herself as "Swingin\' Door Susie" and David as "Jerry the Nipper" . David fails to convince the constable that she is making everything up "from motion pictures she\'s seen." Eventually, Alexander Peabody ([[George Irving  shows up to verify everyone\'s identity, Susan, who has sneaked out of a window, unwittingly drags the highly irritated circus leopard into the jail. David has to save her, using a chair to shoo the animal into a jail cell. A few weeks later, Susan finds David, who has been jilted by Alice because of her, working on his brontosaurus reconstruction at the museum. After presenting him with his bone, which she finally found by trailing George, Susan informs David that she has gotten her aunt to donate the million dollars to the museum. Against his advice, she climbs a tall ladder beside the dinosaur to be closer to him. Although Susan climbs from the dangerously swaying ladder onto the skeleton and causes it to collapse, David finally gives up and admits he cannot do without her.Mast, Gerald. Bringing Up Baby. Howard Hawks, director. New Brunswick and London: Rutgers University Press. 1988. ISBN 0813513413. pp. 33-206.'] ['Roy Munson  is a bowling prodigy who wins the 1979 Iowa state amateur championship and plans to leave his tiny  hometown of Ocelot, Iowa, to go on the Professional Bowlers Tour. He wins his first tournament, defeating an established pro named Ernie McCracken . Soon after, McCracken convinces Munson to help him hustle some bowlers. The con goes badly, and McCracken flees while the bowlers they swindled cut off Munson\'s hand in revenge. In present day, a down-and-out Munson sports a prosthetic hook covered with a fake rubber hand and sells bowling alley supplies for a living, with little success. Roy resides in a seedy apartment building in Scranton, Pennsylvania, where an unpleasant landlady  is constantly after him to pay overdue rent. On a sales call, Munson catches sight of an Amish man, Ishmael Boorg , rolling a respectable game. Munson tries to convince Ishmael to turn pro, with him acting as manager. Ishmael declines the offer as he has little interest in worldly affairs – bowling is his only vice. After having unwanted sex with his repulsive landlady in lieu of rent, Roy sees a headline on a bowling magazine advertising a $1,000,000 winner-take-all tournament in Reno, Nevada. Posing as an Amish man, Roy visits the Boorg family home to try and convince Ishmael to enter the tournament. Ishmael reluctantly agrees when he receives news that the Amish community will lose their land unless a $500,000 payment can be raised. Roy discovers that Ishmael is not as skilled as he first thought, as Ishmael\'s self-proclaimed 270 average is based on a 15-frame game, instead of the standard 10 frames – based on the notion that the Amish are obligated by tradition to do everything "half-again" as much as everyone else. A disgruntled Roy decides to take Ishmael home, but Ishmael convinces Roy to give him another chance and take him to Reno. Roy reluctantly agrees and after some coaching along the way Ishmael\'s game steadily improves. During the road trip, Roy introduces Ishmael to worldly vices. The pair wind up at a mansion owned by a hoodlum named Stanley whom they plan to hustle. When Stanley discovers their ploy, he threatens them with violence, but his girlfriend Claudia , tired of Stanley\'s abuse, helps the pair escape and they all continue on the road to Reno. When Claudia disapproves of Roy\'s exploitation of Ishmael, Roy tries to abandon her but she thwarts his plan and they begin to fight, at which point Ishmael abandons them both. As they search for him, they make a stop in Ocelot, and Claudia\'s attitude towards Roy softens when she learns that he was too ashamed of his failure to return home even for his father\'s funeral. They finally reunite with Ishmael and make their way to Reno. At a Reno hotel, Roy runs into McCracken, who is now a bowling celebrity entered in the $1,000,000 tournament. McCracken insults Roy, and infuriates Ishmael to the point where he takes a swing at him. McCracken ducks and Ishmael hits a wall and breaks his hand, leaving him unable to bowl. To make matters worse, Stanley tracks Claudia to Reno, steals the trio\'s bankroll and forces Claudia to leave with him. Hurt and confused by Claudia\'s apparent abandonment, Ishmael tries to convince Roy that they still have a chance to win the $1,000,000 – if Roy will bowl. Roy finally agrees and enters the tournament, rolling the ball with his prosthetic rubber hand. Despite all odds, Roy has a Cinderella run through the tournament, defeating both pro bowlers Mark Roth and Randy Pedersen on his way to face McCracken in the final. The two competitors are closely matched heading into the final frame, until Ishmael\'s brother arrives and orders Ishmael to return home with him immediately. Distracted by his friend\'s sudden absence, Roy rolls the most difficult of splits  but is miraculously able to convert it, thereby forcing McCracken to roll three strikes to beat him. McCracken ultimately does so, and wins the tournament. The next day, Stanley violently approaches Roy, thus accusing him of stealing his gambling winnings. Roy tells him that he does not have the money, but reluctantly blames McCracken for hand mishap. Ultimately, the blames switches to McCracken, with Stanley seeking to find and kill him for stealing his bankroll. Roy returns to his seedy apartment where he is surprised by an unexpected visitor at his door. Claudia has returned with the bankroll she had taken from Stanley, now doubled since Stanley bet against Roy in the final. She proposes the cash be split three-ways between Roy, Ishmael and herself, but instead Roy produces a $500,000 check he has received from Trojan condoms for an endorsement deal – thanks to his fake hand which earned him the nickname "Rubber Man" during the ESPN-televised tournament. Roy pointedly states that the money is going to be split "one-way". The story ends with Roy sitting together with Claudia in the Boorg household after giving the $500,000 to the Amish so their community can be saved. Roy has also covered for Ishmael\'s indiscretions on the road and portrays him as a hero to his family. As the credits roll, Roy and Claudia happily drive away together.'] ['Nina and Robert Tracey  are a couple who have been married for eight years who decide to get a divorce after suffering marriage troubles. Robert takes up with his womanising Navy buddy Charlie Nelson  while Nina looks to her interfering mother for guidance. Robert decides to spend the night with Janis , a Marilyn Monroe-type character who finds the dashing Robert quite cute, but he feels uncomfortable with Janis and any other girls that he dates. Nina also tries to date other men but fails as she is still in love with Robert. Although they try to ignore each other any time that they accidentally meet, it is obvious that the past is not dead. Then one night, they find themselves in a nightclub, dancing the mambo together.'] ['Dr. John Harvey Kellogg has opened a sanitarium in Battle Creek, Michigan, where he puts into practice his unusual methods for maintaining health, including colonic irrigation, electrical stimulus and sexual abstinence, as well as vegetarianism and physical exercise. The sanitarium attracts a number of well-to-do patients including William and Eleanor Lightbody, who are suffering from ill health following the premature death of their child. On their way to Battle Creek they meet Charles Ossining, who is hoping to make his fortune by exploiting the craze for health food cereals. Ossining finds a partner in Goodloe Bender. Having enlisted the services of George Kellogg, the doctor\'s estranged adopted son, they attempt to produce "Kellogg\'s Perfo Flakes." In the sanitarium, Will Lightbody is separated from his wife and begins harboring lustful thoughts toward Nurse Graves and patient Ida Muntz. His wife Eleanor, meanwhile, befriends Virginia Cranehill, who has a modern attitude toward sexual pleasure, influenced by the works of Dr. Lionel Badger. Will finally succumbs to Ida Muntz\'s charms. Later he discovers that Ida has died during treatment. Following the death of a patient in the sinusoidal bath, as well as the discovery of yet another death, Will has a breakdown, flees the sanitarium, gets drunk and eats meat. At the restaurant he meets Ossining and agrees to invest $1,000 in his health food business. Will returns drunk to the sanitarium, where he is reprimanded by Dr. Kellogg and abandoned by a distraught Eleanor. Ossining\'s business is a disaster with no edible products. He and his partners resort to stealing Kellogg\'s cornflakes and repackaging them in their own boxes. Ossining meets his aunt, a potential investor, at a visiting day at Kellogg\'s sanitarium, where he is exposed as a fraud and arrested. Nurse Graves attempts to seduce Will. He is guilt-stricken and spurns her advances. He goes to find Eleanor, only to find her and Virginia Cranehill receiving clitoral massages from Dr. Spitzvogel at the same time Dr. Badger is masturbating. Will, incensed, thrashes Dr. Spitzvogel with a branch and takes Eleanor away. George Kellogg pays a visit to his father but things go badly, and he burns the sanitarium down. In the chaos, Ossining escapes. Kellogg does seem to reconcile with George in the mud bath in the aftermath of the fire. In a final coda, the Lightbodys are happily married with four daughters. Will receives a cheque for $1,000 from Ossining, who has become a cola beverage tycoon. Dr. Kellogg dies of a heart attack while diving off a high board.'] ['{{Plot}} Larry Wilson  and Richard Parker  are two low-level employees at an insurance corporation in New York City who uncover a $2 million fraud involving multiple life insurance policies that were issued after the death of the insured. They take their findings to their boss Bernie Lomax , who commends them for discovering insurance fraud and invites them to his Hampton Island beach house for the following Labor Day weekend. Unbeknownst to Larry and Richard, Bernie is behind the fraud and nervously arranges with his mob partners to have them both killed that weekend and arrange it as a murder-suicide. However, the gangsters double cross Bernie and decide to have him killed instead, citing his reckless greed and his affair with the mob boss Vito\'s girlfriend as the motivation. Bernie arrives at the island before Larry and Richard and speaks to the appointed hitman Paulie  on the phone, to plan out the murders and establish an alibi, unaware that the entire conversation is being recorded on Bernie\'s answering machine. Bernie then writes a confession and plants cash implicating Larry and Richard in the insurance fraud. Paulie arrives, kills Bernie with heroin and plants it on him to make it appear as a drug overdose. When Larry and Richard arrive at the beach house, they find their boss unresponsive and are shocked to discover that he is dead. Before they can call the police, however, guests start arriving for a "floating" party that passes through Bernie\'s house every weekend. To Larry and Richard\'s amazement, the vast majority of people are too engrossed in their own partying to notice that their host is deceased, with Bernie\'s dark sunglasses and dopey grin from the fatal injection betraying his lifeless state. Fearing they will be implicated in their boss\'s death, Larry proposes that he and Richard maintain the facade, a notion that Richard finds absurd. Only the arrival of Richard\'s office crush, summer intern Gwen Saunders, convinces him to postpone notifying the police. After the party, Richard manages to take Gwen out on a romantic walk on the beach, but Bernie\'s body ends up being carried out by the tide and washes up next to them, prompting Richard to take the oblivious Gwen back to the house and conscript Larry into retrieving the corpse. Vito\'s girlfriend Tina suddenly arrives at the beach house, inebriated, infuriated, and convinced that Bernie has been cheating on her. She threatens Larry and Richard with a knife and they direct her to the upstairs bedroom, but remarkably, she also fails to realize that he is dead. At that same moment, another man from Vito\'s gang is seen spying on the house and witnesses the two of them supposedly making love. Fooled into thinking that Bernie\'s assassination failed, he immediately notifies Vito, who orders Paulie back to the house to finish the job. The next morning, Richard is appalled to discover that Larry is maintaining the illusion that Bernie is alive by manipulating his corpse. The two continually bicker about alerting the police until Richard, realizing that Larry is unwilling to do so, attempts to call the police himself but instead accidentally activates the phone message detailing the plot against them. Upon discovering the money and the note, they realize that alerting the police will implicate them. Unaware of the circumstances of Bernie\'s death, they mistakenly believing that they are still the targets of a mob hit, they decide to use Bernie\'s corpse as a prop for protection. Paulie, in the meantime, has returned to the island and strangles Bernie\'s corpse. The two make various attempts to leave the island, but Bernie\'s body becomes repeatedly misplaced and recovered in the process. They attempt to board the mainland ferry with Bernie in tow, but are too late to board; Paulie, unfortunately, sees them and assumes that Bernie has somehow survived. They attempt to leave using Bernie\'s speedboat, but the vessel runs out of fuel halfway through the trip and they are forced to swim back using Bernie\'s body as a floatation device. Gwen sees them return and angrily decides to confront Richard for his bizarre behavior. Paulie, becoming increasingly agitated and unhinged at the inexplicable "immortality" of Bernie, immediately charters a return to the island. At the house, Gwen confronts Larry and Richard, who break down and reveal that they had found Bernie dead right from the start, which horrifies her when she sees his corpse. At that moment, Paulie returns and empties a pistol into Bernie\'s chest immediately after entering the house. Once he realizes that the three are witnesses, he chases them through the house, firing wildly until he is forced to reload. Larry takes advantage and clumsily subdues him with a phone cord and a punch. The police eventually arrive to place Paulie under arrest for first degree murder, carting him off in a strait-jacket as he continues to insist Bernie is still alive. The film ends with Bernie being loaded into an ambulance. However, his gurney rolls away and topples off the boardwalk, dumping him onto the beach where a young boy comes along and starts to play by scooping buckets of sand over his body.'] ['{{Plot}} After dealing to Porky the "fatal" blow that was coming to him, the gang from Angel Beach is ready for a new challenge: The High School Drama Club is producing a Shakespeare Festival in which the gang is participating. Unfortunately, a religious leader named Reverend Bubba Flavel wants to halt the production because he and his group, "The Righteous Flock," maintain that Shakespeare is indecent and profane. As part of their effort to keep their school-based Shakespeare production on track, the gang from Angel Beach seeks out the help of Seward County Commissioner Gebhardt, who initially promises the gang from Angel Beach that he will pull some strings to keep the Angel Beach High Shakespeare Festival running. However, after the county commissioners, who all will shortly be standing for re-election, vote unanimously to shut down the Shakespeare Festival, the gang quickly learns that Commissioner Gebhardt has reneged on his promises to the Angel Beach gang because he feared that allowing the Shakespeare Festival to proceed would harm his re-election chances. The local Ku Klux Klan chapter joins the movement to shut down the Shakespeare festival because its members object to a Native American  playing Romeo opposite a white girl Juliet . Reverend Flavel, who has previously exposed his bigoted nature, welcomes Klan\'s support of his movement. The Angel Beach gang then begins plotting their retaliation and revenge against Reverend Flavel, Commissioner Gebhardt, the rest of the county commissioners, and the Klan. The teens discover that the county commissioners of Seward County, who are publicly riding the political wave of decency and morality, enjoy secretly watching porno movies in the basement of the courthouse. So, the Angel Beach gang takes a tape recorder with a microphone to the basement of the courthouse while the county commissioners are watching porno movies, aim the microphone at the ventilator window, and record the politicos\' loud and crude commentary on the events in the porno films, including their irreverent mocking of Reverend Flavel. After his success in shutting down the Angel Beach High Shakespeare Festival, Reverend Flavel convenes an outdoor revival meeting at Angel Beach High to commemorate his success, and the county commissioners attend and stand on stage with Reverend Flavel. In retaliation for an attack and attempt by the Klan members to shave the head of the group\'s Seminole friend, the gang lures the Klan members  into the school gym where the gang along with a gym-full of Seminole Indians "persuade" the Klan members to submit to having their heads shaved. The Angel Beach gang and the Seminole Indians then make the Klan members strip naked and march over to Reverend Flavel\'s revival meeting where they force the hapless and humiliated Klan members into the revival meeting. The sight of naked men shocks the crowd, and in his typical opportunistic fashion, Reverend Flavel decries the naked Klan members as being "The Spawn of Satan." During Reverend Flavel\'s prognostications, the gang commandeers the public address system and plays the recording of the county commissioners\' raucous commentary on the porno movie that they watched in the basement of the courthouse only days before. A comment on the recording about Reverend Flavel having donated the porno film that the county commissioners were watching ends up being Reverend Flavel\'s undoing as he and the county commissioners stand before the crowd completely discredited, disgraced, and exposed as selfish hypocrites. Meanwhile, Wendy accepts an out-of-town dinner date in Miami with Commissioner Gebhardt, who intends to seduce her. However, rather than showing up in her normal modest clothing, Wendy shows up at the formal restaurant wearing a deliberately showy, vulgar outfit with her breasts artificially padded with a container to an enormous size. She speaks in an extremely loud voice, constantly blurting out Gebhardt\'s name and status as a county commissioner of Seward County who will shortly be standing for re-election and alleging that she and Gebhardt became involved while she was a Brownie in Gebhardt wife\'s girl scout troop and that she is now pregnant with his child. With the help of liquified corn-and-pea soup concealed in the container that padded her bust, Wendy pretends to throw up in one of the restaurant\'s decorative fountains to the horror of the maitre \'d and the disgust of the restaurant\'s upscale patrons. Pee-Wee snaps a picture of the disgraced Commissioner Gebhardt before he, Wendy and Steve depart in a blaze of glory back to the revival meeting at Angel Beach High to join the triumphant celebration of the defeat of the persons responsible for the cancellation of their Shakespeare Festival, which is promptly reinstated. The film contains a sub-plot focusing on the gym teacher who everyone loves to hate, Beulah Balbricker. Balbricker allies herself with Reverend Flavel and his efforts to shut down the Shakespeare Festival, and it is insinuated that she has romantic feelings towards Reverend Flavel. Tommy Turner is still seeking revenge against Balbricker for sentencing him to run laps and suspending him from several basketball games for poking her with an oversized condom in the previous movie. Upon observing that Balbricker goes to the bathroom and uses the same toilet at precisely the same time every day, Tommy, with the assistance of Billy and Tim, locate the pipes under the school for the particular toilet and force up a non-poisonous rat snake up the pipe. When the snake comes up from her toilet, Balbricker screams in terror, busts out the door, and waddles out of the bathroom to the gym with her pants still around her feet, still screaming in terror. Tommy arrives just in time to pick up the rat snake off the gym floor and to offer to Coach Brackett to release the snake outside. Suspecting that Tommy was responsible but having no proof, Balbricker screams his name at the top of her lungs.  Reverend Flavel and Balbricker split publicly when she objects to the Klan\'s participation in the forthcoming revival meeting. Another sub-plot in the firm focuses on Pee Wee\'s attempt to exact revenge for the Tommy and Billy\'s "Cherry Forever" practical joke in the first movie in which Pee Wee was abandoned in the Everglades running naked along a deserted road only to be "pulled over" by Officer Jarvis and his partner during an otherwise lonely and uneventful patrol. After recanting his pleas of having been a virgin the night before, which led to him losing his virginity to Wendy Williams in the back of a school bus following the destruction of Porky\'s honky tonk, and boasting of his non-existent conquests, Pee Wee\'s friends sucker him into setting them up with a member of his harem of women. Unfortunately, his efforts to locate the loosest girl in the school yield only one name: Wendy Williams, much to Pee Wee\'s consternation. After approaching a girl who had been rumored to have "gang banged" the entire football team only for her to humiliate and rebuke him publically, Brian and Wendy come to Pee Wee\'s aid and help him hire a stripper from the local carnival to play the part of "Graveyard Gloria." According to the plan, Pee Wee and the stripper are to lure the guys to a graveyard with the promise of a "gang bang" where Steve, who is made up to look like a zombie, will crawl out of the ground and scare the guys. Unfortunately for Pee Wee, the guys followed him to the carnival where they not only learned about Pee Wee\'s plan, they also paid the stripper to double-cross Pee Wee and feign death in the graveyard while trying to seduce him. Steve, who is extremely drunk, tries to crawl out of his hole before his cue, which leads the guys to castigate Pee Wee for trying to pull a practical joke on them after a woman has died. The guys and the stripper pile into Pee Wee\'s car and start to drive off while leaving the naked Pee Wee in the graveyard. Two armed men appear in the woods and accuse Pee Wee of being a grave robber . One of the armed men blasts his shotgun towards Pee Wee, which scares him into running naked down the same road as he did after the "Cherry Forever" gag where he is spotted again by Officer Jarvis and his partner. Instead of picking up Pee Wee, the two officers are cornered by the extremely intoxicated Steve who tries in vain to scare them before he passing out on the hood of their squad car.'] ['It is February 1929 in the city of Chicago. Two friends who are struggling jazz musicians, Joe , a saxophone player, irresponsible gambler and ladies\' man, and Jerry , a sensible double-bass player, accidentally witness the Saint Valentine\'s Day massacre. When the gangsters, led by "Spats" Colombo , spot them, the two have to run for their lives. Penniless, freezing cold, and in a rush to get out of town, the two musicians take a job in a women\'s band headed to Miami. Disguised as women and calling themselves "Josephine" and "Daphne", they board a train with "Sweet Sue and her Society Syncopators", an "all-girl" band and their male manager, Beanstock. Before they board the train, Joe and Jerry have already noticed Sugar Kane , the band\'s vocalist and ukulele player, marveling over how she walks "like jello on springs," as they struggle along in their high heels not at all sure they will be able to "pass" as women. As they board the train however, "Daphne" experiences the kind of sexual harassment common to women when Beanstock feels "her" up. Both Joe and Jerry become enamored of Sugar, and compete for her affection while maintaining their disguises. Sugar confides that she has sworn off of male saxophone players, who have stolen her heart in the past and left her with "the fuzzy end of the lollipop." She has now set her sights on finding a sweet, bespectacled millionaire in Florida. During the forbidden drinking and partying on the train with all the women in the band, "Josephine" and "Daphne" become intimate friends with Sugar, and continually have to struggle to remember that they are "girls" and cannot make a pass at her. Once in Miami, Joe woos Sugar by assuming a second disguise as a millionaire named "Junior", the heir to Shell Oil, while mimicking Cary Grant\'s voice and feigning disinterest in Sugar. An actual millionaire, an aging mama\'s boy, the much-married Osgood Fielding III ([[Joe E. Brown , tries repeatedly to pick up "Daphne", who repeatedly rebuffs him. One night Osgood invites "Daphne" for a champagne supper on his yacht. Joe convinces "Daphne" to keep Osgood occupied onshore, so that "Junior" can take Sugar to Osgood\'s yacht, passing it off as his. Once on the yacht, "Junior" uses metaphors to explain to Sugar that unfortunately, due to psychological trauma, he is impotent and frigid, but that he would certainly marry anyone who could change that. Sugar tries desperately to arouse some sexual response in "Junior", and begins to succeed. Meanwhile, Jerry and Osgood dance the tango till dawn. When Joe and Jerry get back to the hotel, "Daphne" happily explains that Osgood has proposed and that "she" has accepted. Joe finally convinces Jerry that he can\'t actually marry Osgood. Joe then breaks Sugar\'s heart by telling her that he, "Junior", has to marry a woman of his father\'s choosing and move to Venezuela. Many mobsters arrive at the hotel for a conference honoring the "Friends of Italian Opera". Spats and his gang from Chicago eventually recognize Joe and Jerry as the witnesses to the Valentine\'s Day murders. After several humorous but potentially lethal chases, Joe and Jerry end up witnessing additional mob killings, this time of Spats and his crew. Once again Joe and Jerry have to run for their lives. Joe, dressed as "Josephine", sees Sugar onstage singing sadly that she will never love again. He kisses her before he leaves, and Sugar suddenly understands that Joe is both "Josephine" and "Junior". Sugar runs from the stage at the end of her performance and is able to jump into the launch from Osgood\'s yacht just as it is leaving the dock with Joe, Jerry and Osgood in it. Joe tells Sugar that he is not good enough for her, that she would be getting the "fuzzy end of the lollipop" yet again, but Sugar wants him anyway. Jerry, for his part, tries to explain to Osgood that "Daphne" cannot marry him, offering a series of objections: "Daphne" smokes a lot; "Daphne" can\'t get married in Osgood\'s mother\'s dress ; "Daphne" sadly "can never have children." Osgood dismisses all this information as insignificant; he loves "Daphne" and is determined to marry her. Finally, exasperated, Jerry removes his wig and says in his male voice, "I\'m a man!", but a smiling Osgood overrides this final barrier using the film\'s memorable last line, "Well... nobody\'s perfect!"'] ['The film is about two couples: Jack  and Sally , and Gabe  and Judy . The film starts when Jack and Sally arrive at Gabe and Judy\'s apartment and announce their separation. Gabe is shocked, but Judy takes the news personally and is very hurt. Still confused, they go out for dinner at a Chinese restaurant. A few weeks later Sally goes to the apartment of a colleague. They plan to go out together to the opera and then to dinner. Sally asks if she can use his phone, and calls Jack. Learning from him that he has met someone, she accuses him of having had an affair during their marriage. Judy and Gabe are introduced to Jack\'s new girlfriend, Sam, an aerobics trainer. While Judy and Sam shop, Gabe calls Jack\'s new girlfriend a "cocktail waitress" and tells him that he is crazy for leaving Sally for her. About a week later, Judy introduces Sally to Michael , Judy\'s magazine colleague. Michael asks Sally out. Meanwhile, Gabe has developed a friendship with a student of his, Rain, and has her read the manuscript for his working novel. She comments on its brilliance, though has several criticisms, to which Gabe reacts defensively due to its autobiographical nature. Less than two weeks later, Jack and Sally are back together and the couple meet Judy and Gabe for dinner like old times. After dinner, Judy and Gabe get into an argument about her not sharing her poetry with him, then argue about many things. After Gabe makes a failed pass at her, Judy tells him that she thinks the relationship was over; a week later Gabe moves out. Judy begins seeing Michael. Michael tells Judy he needs time alone, then says he can\'t help still having feelings for Sally. Judy becomes frustrated with Michael and walks out into the rain. Highlighting her "passive aggressiveness," Michael follows and begs her to stay with him. A year and a half later they marry. At the end, the audience sees a pensive Jack and Sally back together. Jack and Sally admit their marital problems still exist , but they find they accept their problems as simply the price they have to pay to remain together. Gabe is living alone because he says he\'s out of the race and doesn\'t want to hurt anyone. He said that he realized how much how he messed up with his relationship with Judy. The film ends with an immediate cut to black after Gabe pleads with the unseen documentary crew, "Can I go? Is this over?"'] ["Leonard Hoffman is a Los Angeles insurance agent with a problem on his hands. He has teenaged triplets who are all gifted musicians, but wife Arlene insists that the kids attend college at Yale, requiring more than $40,000 in tuition, rather than less expensive schools like nearby UCLA. This situation is on Leonard's mind when he pays a business call to the Beverly Hills mansion of Steve and Blanche Rickey. He is met by a flirtatious and scantily clad Blanche, who explains a problem of her own -- Steve is dying, with less than a week to live, but accidentally let his life-insurance policy lapse. A scheme is hatched involving a policy with a double-indemnity clause. Steve has to die in an unexpected fashion for this to happen, but he may or may not cooperate."] [' Walter Burns  is a hard-boiled editor for The Morning Post who learns his ex-wife and former star reporter, Hildegard "Hildy" Johnson , is about to marry bland insurance man Bruce Baldwin  and settle down to a quiet life as a wife and mother in Albany, New York. Walter determines to sabotage these plans, enticing the reluctant Hildy to cover one last story, the upcoming execution of convicted murderer Earl Williams . Walter does everything he can to keep Hildy from leaving, including setting Bruce up so he gets arrested over and over again on trumped-up charges. He even kidnaps Hildy\'s stern mother-in-law-to-be . When Williams escapes from the bumbling sheriff  and practically falls into Hildy\'s lap, the lure of a big scoop proves too much for her. She is so consumed with writing the story that she hardly notices as Bruce realizes his cause is hopeless and returns to Albany. The crooked mayor  and sheriff need the publicity from the execution to keep their jobs in an upcoming election, so when a messenger  brings them a reprieve from the governor, they try to bribe the man to go away and return later, when it will be too late. Walter and Hildy find out just in time to save Walter from being arrested for kidnapping. Afterward, Walter offers to remarry Hildy, promising to take her on the honeymoon they never had in Niagara Falls, but then Walter learns that there is a newsworthy strike in Albany, which is on the way to Niagara Falls by train.'] ['{{plot}} The film opens with Larry Talbot  making an urgent call from London to a Florida railway station where Chick Young  and Wilbur Grey  work as baggage-clerks. Talbot tries to impart to Wilbur the danger of a shipment to the "McDougal House Of Horrors"  which purportedly contain the actual bodies of Count Dracula  and the Frankenstein Monster . However, before he is able, a full moon rises and Talbot becomes The Wolf Man and the call disconnects. Wilbur, thinking the call is just a crank, continues on with his work day. Immediately thereafter, the actual Mr. McDougal  shows up to claim the shipments and, fearing them damaged whenever Wilbur and Chick mishandle them, demands that the crates be delivered in person so his insurance agent can inspect them. When Chick and Wilbur get to McDougal\'s "House Of Horrors", they open the first crate and find a coffin with "Dracula" inscribed on the front. When Chick leaves to retrieve the second crate, Wilbur witnesses Dracula awaken and tries to get Chick\'s attention. But when Chick returns with the second crate, Dracula hides just in time to go unnoticed. After Chick leaves again to greet McDougal and the insurance agent, Dracula hypnotizes Wilbur and re-animates Frankenstein\'s Monster. McDougal and the insurance agent  arrive again too late to witness anything. Finding the storage crates empty, McDougal accuses the boys of theft and has them arrested. That night, Dr. Sandra Mornay  receives Dracula and the Monster at her island castle. Sandra, a gifted surgeon who has studied Dr. Frankenstein\'s notebooks, has been posing as Wilbur\'s girlfriend as part of Dracula\'s scheme to replace the Monster\'s brutish brain with a more pliable one — Wilbur\'s. Wilbur and Chick are bailed out of jail and mistakenly believe Sandra to be their benefactor. It is actually Joan Raymond , who is secretly working for the insurance company that is processing McDougal\'s claim, and hopes Wilbur will lead her to the missing "exhibits". Meanwhile, Larry Talbot has taken the apartment across the hall from Wilbur and Chick. He has tracked Dracula and the Monster from Europe and knows them to be alive. Talbot asks Chick and Wilbur to help him find and destroy Dracula and the Monster. The next day, Joan Raymond comes to Chick and Wilbur\'s apartment and feigns love for Wilbur. Wilbur, not expecting the favor but embracing it, invites Joan to the masquerade ball that evening. That night, Wilbur, Chick and Joan go to Sandra\'s castle to pick her up for the ball. While the ladies powder their noses, Wilbur answers a telephone call from someone wanting to speak to a \'Dr Leighos\'. It is Talbot, who informs them that they are in fact in the "House of Dracula". Wilbur reluctantly agrees to search the castle with Chick, and soon stumbles upon an underground passageway, complete with boat and dock. Chick insists they search for Dracula and the Monster in an attempt to prove to Wilbur that they do not really exist. Wilbur experiences a few close calls when he is confronted by the monsters and every time he tries to show them to Chuck they have disappeared. Meanwhile, Joan has discovered Dr. Frankenstein\'s notebook in Sandra\'s bureau and Sandra has discovered Joan\'s insurance company employee I.D. in her purse. After the women re-join the men, a suavely dressed Dr. Leighos,  descends the castle stairs and introduces himself to Joan and the boys. Also working at the castle is the naive Prof. Stevens , who questions some of the specialized equipment that has arrived. After Wilbur admits that he was in the basement, Sandra feigns a headache and tells Wilbur and the others that they will have to go to the ball without her. In private, Sandra admits that Stevens\' questions, Joan\'s credentials, and Wilbur\'s curiosity in the basement have made her nervous enough to put the experiment on hold. Impatient, Dracula asserts his will by hypnotizing her, biting her in the throat, and making her his vampire slave. At the ball, the boys encounter Talbot and McDougal just as Dracula and Sandra rejoin the group. Dracula, when confronted by Talbot, easily deflects accusations that he is "the real thing" by insisting that it\'s only his costume and he is not actually Dracula. While Dracula takes Joan for a dance, Sandra lures Wilbur to a quiet spot in the woods. Before she can move in and bite him, Chick and Larry approach and she flees. As they search for Joan, Talbot transforms into the Wolf Man and stalks Wilbur. Wilbur escapes, but the Wolf Man finds and injures McDougal. Noting that Chick has brought a wolf mask as his costume to the ball, McDougal concludes that it was Chick who actually attacked him out of revenge. Chick manages to slip away, only to witness Dracula hypnotizing Wilbur. Chick is then also hypnotized and rendered helpless while Dracula and Sandra bring Wilbur and Joan back to the castle. The next morning, Chick and Talbot meet and Talbot tells Chick that he is the Wolf Man. After Chick explains to him that Dracula has taken Wilbur and Joan to the island they agree to work together to rescue them. While Wilbur is being held in a pillory, Sandra finally explains to him the plan to transplant his brain into the Monster. She and Dracula leave him to prepare the Monster for the operation. Chick and Talbot arrive to rescue Wilbur, but in an attempt to escape Dracula hypnotizes Wilbur into coming back. Wilbur who is now strapped to a slab witnesses Dracula giving the Monster electrical boosts in the lab. Just as Sandra prepares to open Wilbur\'s skull, Talbot and Chick storm in. Talbot struggles with Sandra and casts her aside. Chick knocks out Sandra and runs out of the lab to make Dracula leave so Talbot can save Wilbur. Just as Talbot is about to untie Wilbur, he once again transforms into the Wolf Man. Dracula returns to the lab to find the Wolf Man there and flees, with the Wolf Man giving chase. Chick arrives to untie Wilbur just as the Monster, now at full power, breaks his own restraints and rises from his stretcher. Sandra attempts to order him back, but the Monster defiantly throws her out the lab window to her death. Chick and Wilbur try to escape with the Monster hot on their trail. After trying to fight off the Wolf Man with little success, Dracula attempts to escape and transforms into a bat, but the Wolf Man snares him then grab him and fall down to the sea below .Joan abruptly wakes from her trance, while the boys escape the castle and head to the pier with the Monster in pursuit. Wilbur succeeds in untying the boat, while Stevens and Joan arrive and set the pier ablaze. The Monster turns around and marches into the flames, succumbing as the pier collapses into the water. Just as Chick and Wilbur relax, Wilbur scolds Chick for not believing him. After Chick tells him he will believe him from now on, they hear a disembodied voice  and see a cigarette floating in the air. The voice says: "Allow me to introduce myself, I\'m the Invisible Man!" The boys jump off the boat and swim away while the Invisible Man lights his cigarette and laughs as the final scene comes to a close.'] ['The story opens on a single mother and her two children, a teenage son and nine year old daughter, who run a boarding house. The mother is hurt in a car accident after her drunkard boyfriend crashed, so the son kidnaps her favorite singer, Elvis Presley, for her birthday, getting the owner of a local pizzeria who looks eerily like Elvis\' mother to pose as his mother\'s ghost as a distraction. Elvis awakens, after being drugged by the boy, in the boarding house. Elvis and the boy don\'t get along at first. The boy has no respect for the 70\'s Elvis saying that he sold out to Vegas. Through the course of the movie, however, the boy and Elvis get to know each other and develop a friendship. Elvis even plays "Heartbreak Hotel" with the boy\'s band at a talent show.'] ['The story concerns a group of guys who have made a deal to each invest in a fund, which would be paid to the last remaining bachelor of the group. Michael Delaney, a cartoonist, attempts to get the other remaining bachelor, Kyle Brenner, married to a statuesque policewoman who Kyle said was the one that got away, so Michael can claim the fund to pay off a gambling debt. Unfortunately, the statuesque policewoman Kyle is trying to marry is the woman Michael has fallen in love with, Officer Natalie Parker. Michael then gets himself into all sorts of misadventures, from getting captured by a young woman and her grandmother with a bizarre BDSM fetish  to trying to retrieve Kyle\'s surgically removed testicle, all the while attempting to pay off his gambling debt to the honked-off mobster menacing through selling his possessions, relieving himself of his "Tomcat" status, overcoming his fear of commitment, and finding true love.'] ['{{plot}} The movie opens with Joe Tyler , a process server, a week late, serving a Mafia kingpin known as Fat Charlie  with a summons to appear as a witness in court, and his abrasive boss Ray  ridiculing him for such while complimenting his rival server Tony  for serving multiple targets in record time. Willing to give him one last shot, Ray gives Joe the assignment to serve British socialite Sara Moore  with divorce papers from her husband, Gordon , who is at his ranch in Texas with a mistress, Kate , while Sara vacations in upstate New York. While attempting to serve her, Sara is tipped off by Tony, thus revealing that the reason Joe has been failing is because Tony has been sabotaging his efforts. Eventually Joe does serve her, but is mugged by Fat Charlie\'s goons , leading to them taking his car. The two are forced to take the same bus, they enter a conversation where Joe tells her that, because her husband had the papers filled out due to Texas law, she stands to gain nothing from the divorce. After finding out that the typical "half of everything" law would apply if the papers had been served under New York law, Sara offers Joe a million dollars to serve her husband and rip up her papers. Although he\'ll lose his job, Joe agrees and the two set off to serve Gordon. When Ray hears of this, he tells Gordon and sends Tony off to re-serve Sara. Gordon in turn hires a bodyguard  to protect himself, and Joe, expecting Tony to tail him, leaves a set of bogus clues that lead him to Miami, Florida; Bangor, Maine; and then Amarillo, Texas; where he\'s shot in the back as he attempts to get on the grounds of the wrong ranch to try to serve the papers. Sara and Joe trail Gordon to his ranch, but Gordon evades them. Eventually they stay at a hotel where Gordon\'s mistress makes a new deal to Joe for one million dollars of the divorce settlement in return for Gordon\'s location. Joe agrees, but the entire deal is a set-up to get Tony into their apartment to serve Sara. Furious, Sara kicks Joe out. While Joe contemplates his lost fortune and budding love for Sara, he sees Tony\'s watch in the picture he took of him serving Sara, and calls Ray to inform him that Tony forgot to set his watch to the correct time zone, and thus the papers do not take effect until 7:04. With mere minutes until they both lose a fortune, Joe and Sara trail Gordon to a rodeo, where they evade Gordon\'s bodyguard and Tony in a motorbike competition. With seconds to spare before 7:04, Gordon is knocked out by a pack of beer dropped on his head by Sara, and Joe serves him under New York law which Gordon, finally accepting the loss, takes the serve as he\'s being photographed. Tony and Gordon\'s bodyguard are seen being carried out of the stadium, who Joe refers to as, "Guy who got ran over,"  and "Guy who RAN you over," . The film ends with Joe and Sara at Joe\'s dream vineyard, where they taste-test Joe\'s first bottle before going inside to have sex.'] ["Harry Dighby  and Walter Hill  are struggling vaudevillians who are sent to jail when Dighby is caught robbing audience members. They are assigned as roommates to a cultured, wealthy, and charming bank robber named Adam Worth . Worth plans to rob the Lowell Bank and Trust, both to avenge himself on the bank manager who had arranged his capture, and because his ego can not resist the temptation of robbing a bank reputed to be perfectly secure. Though in jail, he procures detailed diagrams of the bank's security systems. A reforming newspaperwoman named Lissa Chestnut  visits their cell, during which visit Dighby and Hill manage to photograph the bank plans with her camera, then burn the originals. They break out of prison the next day, as Worth is also paroled. They meet in New York and, by force, Worth manages to extract a copy of the photographed plans from them. Dighby, Hill, and Chestnut then band with Chestnut's team of do-gooders to race with Worth and his professional bank robbing squad to see who can first rob the Lowell Bank and Trust."] ['A man named Tripp is caught in the middle of two simultaneous robberies at a bank. One crew is more professional, the other crew consists of two men who call themselves Peanut Butter and Jelly. Tripp desperately tries to protect teller Kaitlin with whom he secretly falls in love. When a man is found murdered, the two crews deny any involvement, which causes Tripp to believe they are all getting ambushed by a higher power. Both crews, Tripp, and the hostages all try to stay alive on their own terms.'] ['Despite having written several books describing marriage as an "old-fashioned superstition", Mortimer Brewster  falls in love with Elaine Harper , who grew up next door to him in Brooklyn, and, on Halloween day, they marry. Immediately after the wedding, Mortimer visits the eccentric but lovable relatives who raised him and who still live in his old family home: his elderly aunts Abby  and Martha , and his brother Teddy ([[John Alexander , who believes he is Theodore Roosevelt. Each time Teddy goes upstairs, he yells "Charge!" and takes the stairs at a run, imitating Roosevelt\'s famous charge up San Juan Hill. Mortimer finds a corpse hidden in a window seat and assumes that Teddy has committed murder under some delusion, but his aunts explain that they are responsible . They explain in the most innocent terms that they have developed what Mortimer calls the "very bad habit" of ending the presumed suffering of lonely old bachelors by serving them elderberry wine spiked with arsenic, strychnine and "just a pinch of cyanide". The bodies are buried in the basement by Teddy, who believes he is digging locks for the Panama Canal and burying yellow fever victims. To complicate matters further, Mortimer\'s brother Jonathan  arrives with his alcoholic accomplice, plastic surgeon Dr. Herman Einstein . Jonathan is a murderer trying to escape the police and find a place to dispose of the corpse of his latest victim, a certain Mr. Spenalzo. Jonathan\'s face, as altered by Einstein while drunk, looks like Boris Karloff\'s in his makeup as Frankenstein\'s monster. This resemblance The reference to Karloff was originally a self-referential joke due to the veteran actor renown for monster roles playing the character of Jonathan Brewster on stage.<ref nameN is frequently noted, much to Jonathan\'s annoyance. Jonathan, upon finding out his aunts\' secret, decides to bury Spenalzo in the cellar  and soon declares his intention to kill Mortimer. While Elaine waits at her family home next door for Mortimer to take her on their honeymoon, Mortimer makes increasingly frantic attempts to stay on top of the situation, including multiple efforts to alert the bumbling local cops to the threat Jonathan poses, as well as to get the paperwork filed that will have Teddy declared legally insane and committed to a mental asylum . He also worries that he will go insane like the rest of the Brewster family. As he puts it, "Insanity runs in my family, practically gallops!" While explaining this to Elaine, he claims they\'ve been crazy since the first Brewsters came to America as pilgrims. But eventually Jonathan is arrested, while Teddy is safely consigned to an asylum and the two aunts insist upon joining him. Finally, Abby and Martha inform Mortimer that he is not biologically related to the Brewsters after all: his real mother was the aunts\' cook and his father had been a chef on a steamship. In the film\'s closing scene, after lustily kissing Elaine and before whisking her away to their honeymoon, he gleefully exclaims "I\'m not a Brewster, I\'m a son of a sea cook!""Arsenic and Old Lace Synopsis." gbproductions.org. Retrieved: October 24, 2009. This is a Hollywood Production Code bowdlerization of the line in the play: "I\'m a bastard!"'] ['The plot revolves around Gwen and George Kellerman, whose company has invited him to interview for a possible job promotion in New York City. From the moment they depart their home town of Twin Oaks, Ohio, the couple suffers nearly every indignity out-of-towners possibly could experience: Heavy fog forces their flight to circle around Kennedy Intl. Airport repeatedly and finally be rerouted to Boston\'s Logan Airport, where they discover their luggage - in which George\'s ulcer medication and Gwen\'s extra cash are packed - was left behind. Just missing the train at South Station, they chase it to the next stop by cab, board it and wait two hours for seats in the dining car, only to discover the only food left are peanut butter sandwiches, green olives, and crackers. Upon arrival at Grand Central Terminal in New York, penniless, they discover that mass transit, taxicab drivers, and sanitation workers all are on strike. Making their way to the Waldorf-Astoria on foot past tons of garbage in a torrential downpour, they discover their reservation - guaranteed for a 10:00pm arrival - has been given away, and the hotel - like every other one in the city - is booked to capacity due to the strikes. What follows is a series of calamities that includes two muggings , kidnapping by armed liquor store robbers while the Kellermans are riding in a police car, a cracked tooth, broken high heels, accusations of child molestation, an exploding manhole cover, expulsion from a church, and an attack by protestors in front of the Cuban embassy. With each successive catastrophe, George angrily writes down each perpetrator\'s name and promises to sue them or their company when he returns home. The only thing that goes right for George is he somehow manages to arrive on time for his interview. Despite receiving a very lucrative offer, the two realize an upwardly mobile move to the big city is not what they truly cherish and desire for themselves or their family, and they make the decision to return to Ohio, only to be subjected to one more major catastrophe -- their flight home is hijacked to Cuba. Gwen says "Oh my god!" ending the film......'] ['Romy White  and Michele Weinberger  are two superficial 28-year-old friends living together in a beachfront apartment in Los Angeles, California. Romy works as a cashier in the service department of a Jaguar dealership; Michele is unemployed. They are both single and live a life of partying and fun. Romy encounters former high school classmate Heather Mooney  at the dealership, who informs them of their upcoming 10-year high school reunion in their hometown of Tucson, Arizona. Desperate to make good impressions, Romy and Michele make last-ditch attempts to get boyfriends, better jobs, lose weight, and hopefully avoid a second round of the torture they endured during their days at Sagebrush High, mostly at the hands of the "A-Group", led by cheerleader Christie Masters . The most humiliating incident happened at their high school senior prom, when Romy asked her crush Billy Christensen, Christie\'s jock boyfriend, to dance. He promised her he would but told her to wait a minute. Instead, Christie tells Romy that Billy was in love with her and they broke off as an act, then she rode off on Billy\'s motorbike with him, leaving Romy tearfully waiting all night. Failing in their attempts to get jobs and boyfriends, Romy and Michele decide to pretend to be successful by showing up in an expensive car and business suits. They then think of what they believe is a highly impressive story; saying that they are very successful businesswomen who invented Post-it notes. However, during their drive, Romy plans their success story where Michele felt that her role is too small. Romy tells her that she is more like the designer type, and not the inventor, which Michele finds as an insult . They then get into an argument about who is cuter,  and who would be clever enough to think of as a better story of inventing of Post-it notes in the reunion, and their friendship dissolves. When they arrive at the reunion, Romy says that she invented Post-its all by herself, while Michele looks on in disdain. Michele then discovers that the A-Group girls that picked on her in high school have stayed in touch. Michele convinces the four girls that she invented a special kind of glue. Sandy Frink , the nerd who had a crush on Michele in high school, turns out to be incredibly wealthy and gorgeous  and hits on Michele. Soon both Romy and Michele are winning awards as most successful members of their graduating class. Though still refusing to speak with each other, they went on their separate ways while looking at each other with longing. Seventy years later, a severely ancient Michele learns that Romy is sick and near death and calls her up to make amends only to rehash the same argument they had in the car those many years ago. Romy dies and they never get a chance to resolve their issues—that is, until Michele wakes up in the car, parked outside the hotel where the reunion is being held, and realizes that it was all just a dream. At the reunion, Romy has begun to spread around her story about Post-its; Michele, on the other hand, only talks about her recent falling-out with Romy. Heather Mooney arrives and unknowingly reveals that Romy didn\'t invent Post-Its, causing the A-Group girls to turn against her, while Michele attempts to defend Romy. Later, in the stage, Christie further humiliates the two in front of the entire room. Because of that, Romy runs away from the crowd with Michele, who then convinces her that she genuinely thought that their entire high school and adult life was a blast, up until Romy said that it is not. Michele also says that they should just have fun like they intended to and not care what everybody else thinks. They change out of their businesswomen\'s clothes and into sexy, handmade club outfits, and return. They confront Christie for all of the bullying they had to endure in the past and at the reunion, where Romy gave a strong speech about only making up a story in order to be treated as a human being, but not caring anymore because Christie is just "a bad person with an ugly heart." Just as Christie attempts to make fun of their clothes , classmate Lisa Luder , a former member of the A-Group who has since changed her ways and became an associate fashion editor for Vogue, announces her professional opinion that the outfits are actually very well-done. Christie then retaliates by saying \'they\' still think that the outfits are bad, but Lisa tells her to let her sidekicks think for themselves even just for once. Christie then tells her that she is just a bitter, dried-up career woman while she is happily married, to which Lisa answers, "Yes Christie, keep telling yourself that." Christie is left in the dust and everyone congratulates Romy and Michele. Heather, apologizes to Romy and Michele for unintentionally revealing their story and tells them that while the A-Group made their lives miserable, the two of them managed to made hers bad as well, for she was in love with Sandy. Romy and Michele then makes her feel better that she too had the luxury of making a person\'s life miserable, pertaining to a classmate that Heather was sarcastic to. Then, in a fairly coincidental parallel of Michele\'s dream, Sandy arrives in a helicopter and turns out to actually be a billionaire who made his fortune from a special rubber he invented. When he comes in to the hotel, Christie immediately tries to approach him. However, he politely ignores her advances and goes over to talk to Romy and Michele. Michele remarks to Sandy that he must be the most successful person in their class; Sandy responds that despite all the wealth and success he has, the one thing he doesn\'t have is her, and asks her and Romy to dance with him. After an interpretive dance to Cyndi Lauper\'s hit "Time After Time" that receives huge applause from the rest of the class, he escorts them to his helicopter and the three prepare to fly away together. Heather walks out during the dance, finding it schmaltzy and apparently not interested with the new Sandy. On the grounds outside, she is offered a light by a mysterious classmate who always dresses in a cowboy style. Heather remembers him on her high school years, where he would offer her a light by flicking his lit cigarette butts at her. This time, Heather demands that he man up and talk to her instead of giving her the silent treatment. Once the dance is over, Romy and Michelle exit the building to leave with Sandy. On their way out, they encounter Billy Christensen, who is now Christie\'s husband. Far from being the handsome jock he once was, he has now become an overweight alcoholic and is living a very poor, miserable life with Christie, and is doubtful the baby Christie is carrying is actually his. When he tries to proposition Romy for sex, she tells him to go to his hotel room and wait for her with his clothes off. He excitedly shuffles off, and Romy revels in her revenge for when he made her wait for him at the prom. Everyone at the reunion comes out to wave goodbye as they take off, except for Christie. As she calls out for Billy, Christie has her dress blown up by the chopper, which further humiliates her, much to Romy and Michele\'s amusement. Six months later back in L.A., Romy and Michele use money loaned to them by Sandy to open their own clothing store. Heather Mooney has stayed in touch and has become friends with the girls, shopping in their boutique.'] ['While driving his Dual-Ghia from Las Vegas to Los Angeles, lecherous, heavy-drinking pop singer Dino  is forced to detour through Climax, Nevada. There he meets the amateur songwriting team of Barney Millsap , a gas station attendant, and piano teacher Orville J. Spooner , a man easily given to jealousy. Hoping to interest Dino in their songs, Barney disables the "Italian" sports car and tells Dino he will need to remain in town until new parts arrive from Milan.  Orville invites Dino to stay with him and wife Zelda , but becomes concerned when he learns the singer needs to have sex every night to avoid awakening with a headache. Anxious to accommodate Dino but safeguard his marriage, Orville provokes an argument with his wife that leads to Zelda fleeing in tears. He and Barney then arrange for Polly the Pistol , a waitress and prostitute at a saloon on the edge of town called the Belly Button, to pose as Orville\'s wife and satisfy Dino. That evening after the three have dinner, Orville plays his tunes for Dino on the piano and Polly requests a particular song. It is one she knows he wrote for his wife when trying to persuade her to marry him. Doing so, Orville gets lost in emotion, as does Polly, who has fallen a little for the dream of a domestic life that she doesn\'t have. Under the influence of wine and song, Orville starts thinking of Polly as his wife and tosses Dino out. He then spends the night with Polly. Dino seeks shelter at the Belly Button, where Zelda earlier had gone to drown her sorrows. When she became drunk and rowdy, the manager deposited her in Polly\'s trailer to sleep. Hearing about the talents of Polly the Pistol and declaring himself eager "to shoot it out with her," Dino goes to the trailer and finds Zelda there and mistakes her for Polly. A longtime fan, she succumbs to Dino\'s charms and allows him to seduce her, persuading him how perfect Orville\'s song would be for him at the same time. Zelda meets Polly the next morning and figures out the trick Orville played on her. She gives Dino\'s money to Polly, who needs it to leave Climax and start a new life. A few nights later, Orville is distraught knowing that Zelda intends to divorce him. Suddenly he hears Dino singing one of his songs on coast-to-coast television. He is at a total loss as to how this could have happened. He wants an explanation, but Zelda simply orders him: "Kiss me, stupid."'] ['The story centers around suburban housewife Beverly Boyer  and her husband, a successful obstetrician and devoted family man, Gerald . Beverly is offered the opportunity to star in a television commercial advertising soap. After a shaky start, she gets a contract for $80,000 per year to appear in weekly TV commercials. Soon the TV studio places greater and greater demands on the unlikely TV star. Gerald becomes jealous of the fact that she is now out-earning him, and their relationship slowly deteriorates until she decides to return as a housewife.'] ['The film begins with Navin R. Johnson , a homeless bum, directly addressing the camera and telling his story. He is the adopted white son of African American sharecroppers, who grows to adulthood naïvely unaware of his obvious adoption. He stands out in his family not just because of his skin color, but also because of his utter lack of rhythm when his adopted family plays spirited blues music. One night, he hears the staid and starchy Roger Wolfe Kahn Orchestra song called "Crazy Rhythm" on the radio and his feet spontaneously begin to move with the urge to dance; he sees this as a calling and decides to hitchhike to St. Louis, from where the song was broadcast. On the way, he stops at a motel, where a dog wakes him up by barking at his door. Navin thinks the dog is trying to warn of a fire and decides to name the dog "Lifesaver." He wakes up the other hotel guests to rescue them, but when everyone realizes it was a false alarm, one Asian man angrily suggests he call the dog "Shithead," which Navin takes literally. Navin gets a job  at a gas station owned by Mr. Harry Hartounian . He\'s thrilled to find that he\'s listed in the local phone book, as his name is "in print" for the first time. Not long after, a gun-wielding lunatic  randomly flips through the phone book and picks "Johnson, Navin R." as his next victim. As the madman watches through his rifle scope, waiting for a clear shot, Navin fixes the slippery glasses of a customer, Stan Fox , by adding a handle and a nose brake. Fox offers to split the profits 50/50 with Navin if he can market the invention, then departs. Seizing his chance, the crazed sniper tries to kill Navin, but fails, hitting the oil cans in the station window and a soft-drink machine. The lunatic chases Navin to a traveling carnival, where Navin hides out, eventually getting a job with SJM Fiesta Shows as a weight guesser. While employed there, Navin meets an intimidating daredevil biker named Patty Bernstein  and has a sexual relationship with her, finally realizing what his "special purpose"  is for. He then meets a woman named Marie  and arranges a date with her. Patty confronts them, but Marie knocks her out. While courting, Navin and Marie walk along the beach and sing "Tonight You Belong to Me", with Navin playing the ukulele and Marie on the cornet. Navin and Marie fall in love, but Marie reluctantly decides to leave him because of his lack of financial security. She writes a note and slips out while Navin is in the bath. At an emotional and financial low, Navin is soon contacted by Stan Fox with exciting news: His glasses invention, now called the Opti-Grab, is selling big and he\'s entitled to half of the profits. Now extremely rich, he finds and marries Marie, and they buy an extravagant mansion. Their life becomes one of splendor and non-stop partying. However, motion-picture director Carl Reiner  files a class action lawsuit against Navin. Reiner claims that the Opti-Grab caused his eyes to be crossed and his resulting poor vision caused the death of a stunt driver in the film he was directing. Nearly ten million other people have the same vision complaint , and are awarded $10 million in damages. Bankrupt, depressed, and now homeless, he is abandoned by Marie and is soon living on the streets. His story now told, he resigns himself to a life of misery and memories of Marie, but to his amazed joy, she suddenly appears, along with Navin\'s family, and some more good news: Having carefully invested the small sums of money he sent home throughout the film, they\'ve become wealthy themselves. They pick him up off the street, and he and Marie move back home into the Johnsons\' new house&nbsp;— a much larger but identical version of their old, small shack. The story ends with the entire family dancing on the porch and singing "Pick a Bale of Cotton", with Navin dancing along, now having gained perfect rhythm.'] ['Norman , a lowly stock clerk at Burridge\'s department store, is in love with another employee, Sally Wilson , though he has been unable to muster the courage to let her know how he feels. After he antagonizes the new head of the store, Augustus Freeman , he is promptly fired. On his way out, Norman helps Miss Bacon  carry her bulging suitcases, unaware that she is an audacious shoplifter. Freeman sees Norman assisting a "customer" and rehires him. Meanwhile, Peggy Drew , the store\'s personnel manager, flirts with Mr. Freeman, while plotting with her boyfriend Gerald  to rob the place. Norman is fired and rehired again and again, as his escapades somehow manage to benefit the store. He also finally becomes acquainted with Sally, chasing her down through the city streets to return her purse. His antics make her laugh. After his latest firing, Norman is alarmed to find the handsome, suave Gerald trying to get to know Sally better. When he goes to the man\'s apartment to warn him to stay away from her, Norman inadvertently uncovers the robbery plot, scheduled to coincide with a big sale the next day. But, he is unable to get Sally or anyone else to take him seriously. Sally eventually decides to bring Norman\'s story to the attention of the management, but tells the wrong person, Miss Drew, and is tied up for her efforts. Norman finds her and together, they foil the thieves. Freeman takes Norman back into his employ...but not for long.'] ["In A Night At the Opera, the Marx brothers help two young lovers to succeed in love as well as in the opera world. Otis B. Driftwood  is hired by widowed socialite hopeful Mrs. Claypool  to help her break into high society, but he instead alternately woos and insults her. At the last opera performance of the season in Italy, of Pagliacci, Otis meets Fiorello , who is the best friend and manager of Riccardo ([[Allan Jones , an opera singer who longs for his big break and who is in love with fellow opera singer Rosa . However, Riccardo's dreams are thwarted by the star of the opera, Lassparri , an egotistical man who wants fame&mdash;and Rosa&mdash;for himself. Otis signs Riccardo to a contract, thinking he is signing Lassparri ; Lassparri, meanwhile, is signed for the New York opera by the manager of the opera company, Herman Gottlieb . Although Riccardo and Fiorello are not allowed to accompany the troupe on their trip to New York, they manage to stow away on the ship, hiding in Otis's trunk, along with another of Fiorello's friends, Tomasso , a dresser who got fired by Lassparri . In New York, to protect their identities, the three stowaways pretend to be three famous aviators. They are forced to make a speech, however, since Harpo is mute, he fails to do so, causing people to get suspicious. Tommaso's identity is quickly revealed when his fake beard falls off. They hide in Otis's apartment after escaping. Otis finds out from a newspaper that the stowaways are being pursued by the police for entering the country illegally. Otis ends up losing his position with the opera to Gottlieb. When they find out that Rosa has been fired for siding with Riccardo, the boys spring into action, sabotaging the opening night performance of Il Trovatore by throwing it into total chaos. With the police and Gottlieb after him, Tommaso turns off the lights. While the lights are off, Lassparri and Otis end up in a box. Tommaso pulls the box up before the lights turn on. Finding that Lassparri has disappeared, Gottlieb desperately asks Riccarrdo and Rosa to sing. As they finish singing, the box Otis and Lassparri are in drops to the ground. Lassparri tries to perform, only to be booed by the audience. Riccardo and Rosa once again sing. The film ends with Otis and Fiorello telling Gottlieb that because they signed the contract, they get ten percent each from the profit Ricarrdo and Rosa make from singing."] ['Hitman Trabucco has been hired to eliminate Rudy "Disco" Gambola before he testifies against fellow members of the Mob, but completing the contract becomes problematic once he encounters suicidal Victor Clooney, an emotionally disturbed television censor staying in the room adjacent to his in the Ramona Hotel in Riverside, California. When Victor climbs onto the ledge outside his window, Trabucco convinces him not to jump by agreeing to drive him to the Institute for Sexual Fulfillment, the nearby clinic where Victor\'s wife Celia, a researcher for 60 Minutes, is gathering information for a segment on the program. At the clinic, Victor discovers Celia has fallen in love with Dr. Zuckerbrot, who is concerned her husband\'s suicide will reflect badly on his practice. Trabucco accidentally is injected with a tranquilizer intended for Victor, who volunteers to fulfill the killer\'s contract when Trabucco\'s vision is impaired. After overcoming assorted complications, Victor completes his task. However, despite Victor\'s high hopes, Trabucco has no intention of sticking together and parts ways with him following their escape. Trabucco retires to a tropical island, where he unexpectedly is joined by his nemesis after Celia runs off with Dr. Zuckerbrot\'s female receptionist to become a lesbian couple. Desperate to see Victor gone, Trabucco suggests to his native attendant to reinstate the old custom of human sacrifices for the local volcano ...'] ['Darren Silverman, Wayne LeFessier, and J.D. McNugent best friends since fifth grade and Neil Diamond fans throughout, form a Neil Diamond tribute band called "Diamonds in the Rough". Darren meets a beautiful but domineering psychologist, Judith Fessbeggler, through a chance encounter in a local bar after a band gig. Unfortunately, six weeks into their relationship, Judith is still making Darren watch her change clothes, and though sleeping together is satisfying for her, Darren gets nothing but a sore jaw. Judith isolates Darren from his friends, demands that Darren quit the band, receive humiliating medical procedures, and attend relationship counseling under her care. Wayne and J.D. decide to save Silverman from her by attempting to bribe her, arm wrestle her, and shock her with faked photographs of Darren cheating, all to no avail. The friends, undaunted, try to reunite Darren with his "one and only", Sandy Perkus, when she returns to Seattle to take her final vows as a nun. When Darren and Judith announce their engagement, Wayne and J.D. kidnap Judith. When they visit Coach Norton in jail, his advice is that they should just kill her. Sandy\'s feelings for Darren are reawakened, but the pair\'s attempted date is ruined by Darren\'s preoccupation with Judith. Sandy, disheartened, returns to the convent, but Darren snaps out of it and runs the 30 miles there to win her back. Chained to an engine block in J.D.\'s basement, Judith convinces J.D. he is gay. She knocks him unconscious to steal his keys and escape, only to be tranquilized with a dart gun by Wayne. Returned to the basement, Judith seduces Wayne into releasing one of her hands, so she escapes again. She runs to Darren\'s house in time to see him kiss Sandy, but shames him into confessing his engagement to Judith. Sandy, disheartened, returns to the convent again. Darren has Wayne and J.D. arrested. After escaping from jail with the help of Coach Norton, J.D. and Wayne rush to the convent on the brink of Sandy\'s final vows as a nun. They convince her that Darren still loves her. They then kidnap Neil Diamond to help Darren and Sandy reunite. At the wedding, Neil stalls the proceedings with song while Wayne and Judith beat each other up , Darren and Sandy reunite, and J.D. arrives holding Coach in his arms, and Coach asks him when will he get married and J.D. says he\'s gay and then Coach tells him that he is as well. On stage at the Neil Diamond concert that night, the priest weds Darren to Sandy, Wayne to Judith, and J.D. to Coach; the entire cast sings "Holly Holy".'] ['The film revolves around college football and a game between the fictional Darwin and Huxley Colleges.  Many of the jokes about the amateur status of collegiate football players and how eligibility rules are stretched by collegiate athletic departments remain remarkably current.Horse Feathers at Filmsite.org. Groucho plays Quincy Adams Wagstaff, the new president of Huxley College, and Zeppo is his son Frank, who convinces his father to recruit professional football players to help Huxley\'s team. There are also many references to Prohibition. Baravelli  is an "iceman", who delivers ice and bootleg liquor from a local speakeasy. Pinky  is also an "iceman", and a part-time dogcatcher. Through a series of misunderstandings, Baravelli and Pinky are recruited to play on Huxley\'s football team; this requires them to enroll as students at Huxley, which creates chaos throughout the school. The climax of the movie, often referenced as one of the greatest football-related scenes in movie history,[http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/page2/story?pagehttp://www.time.com/time/magazine/0,9263,7601320815,00.html |title2007-04-02 |last |authorlink |date |month |publisher |language |archivedate }}'] ['An inventor is working on his latest creation, a new form of television monitor and camera, but is struggling to complete his invention due to lack of funds. His monetary problems are compounded by an aggressive bill collector looking for payments and competition from a rival scientist. When organized crime figures are added to the mix, the desperation level rises for our intrepid inventor.'] ["Mel Coplin and his wife, Nancy, live in New York, near Mel's neurotic, Jewish, adoptive parents, Ed and Pearl Coplin. Mel and Nancy have just had their first child, and Mel won't decide on a name for their son until he can discover the identity of his biological parents. After an adoption agency employee locates his biological mother's name in a database, Mel decides to meet her personally. Tina, the sexy but highly incompetent adoption agency employee, decides to accompany Mel, Nancy, and the newborn on a trip to San Diego to meet Mel's biological mother. The trip, of course, does not go as planned, and ends up becoming a tour of the United States. First, Mel is introduced to Valerie, a blond Scandinavian woman with Confederate roots whose twin daughters are at least six inches taller than Mel. They quickly realize that Valerie is not Mel's biological mother, and Tina scrambles to get the correct information from the agency database. Meanwhile, Nancy becomes jealous as Tina and Mel begin to flirt. Next, the group heads to rural Michigan with the hope of meeting the man whose name appears as the person who delivered infant Mel to the adoption agency. The man, Fritz Boudreau, turns out to be a trucker with a violent streak. However, when he discovers that Mel might be his son, he becomes instantly friendly and lets Mel drive his semi-trailer truck, which Mel immediately crashes into a Post Office building. This leads to a run-in with two ATF agents, Tony and Paul, who are gay and in a relationship with each other. It is discovered that Tony and Nancy went to high school together. Charges are dismissed, and Fritz Boudreau tells Mel that he is not Mel's father, but only handled Mel's adoption because Mel's biological parents were indisposed. Tina locates the current address of Mel's biological parents, which turns out to be in rural New Mexico. Tony and Paul surprise everyone by deciding to tag along on the trip. While Mel and Tina become close, Nancy finds herself flirting with Tony, who returns the compliment, causing friction. The trip through rural New Mexico is fraught with more problems. At last the whole crowd descends on the front porch of Mel's true biological parents, Richard and Mary Schlichting. They are asked to stay the night. While Richard and Mary are more than welcoming, Mel's biological brother Lonnie is overly rude and jealous. It is during dinner that Mel discovers that Richard and Mary had to let Mel be adopted because they were in jail for making and distributing LSD in the late 1960s. Not only that, but Richard and Mary continue to manufacture LSD, as becomes apparent when Lonnie, in an attempt to dose Mel with acid at dinner, accidentally doses Paul, the ATF agent. In his drugged state Paul tries to arrest Richard and Mary but Lonnie knocks him out with a frying pan. They attempt to escape and decide to take Mel's car, hiding their supply of acid in the trunk. Mel's adoptive parents arrive but then change their minds and decide to leave, taking the wrong car. When they change their minds again and make a blind U-turn, the two families crash. Mel's adoptive parents are arrested while his biological parents escape to Mexico. Not realizing what has happened Mel recounts the stories from dinner to Nancy and they agree to name the baby Garcia. The next day Paul explains the situation and is able to get Mel's parents released, and they are happy and reassured to hear Mel call them his parents. A montage of their relationships continues over the credits. They all still have their troubles but Mel and Nancy are happy together."] ['Eve Peabody  is an out-of-work American showgirl. She arrives in Paris from Monte Carlo during a rainstorm with just the clothes on her back . Tibor Czerny , a Hungarian taxi driver, takes pity on her. He drives her around to the city\'s nightclubs in a fruitless attempt to get her a job, buys her dinner at the taxi drivers\' café, and offers to let her stay overnight at his apartment . However, Eve does not want to impose on Tibor, and besides, she is already feeling attracted to him and doesn\'t want to begin a relationship with an impoverished taxi driver. When he stops for gas, she slips away. Eve finds shelter from the rain at a stuffy concert hosted by socialite Stephanie . She slips in with a group, handing over a pawn ticket  as an invitation card. When the pawn ticket is detected, Stephanie tries to unmask the impostor. Eve tries to slip away, but is intercepted by Marcel , who thinks she\'s simply bored and recruits her for a game of bridge in a side room. The other two players are Madame Helene Flammarion  and Jacques Picot , a wealthy bachelor and ladies\' man. Eve introduces herself as Mrs. Czerny. Eve partners with Jacques . While they are playing, the man who was sitting next to her in the concert hall comes in: Helene\'s wealthy husband Georges Flammarion . Georges seems to recognize Eve as the wife of Baron Czerny, and chats with the "Baroness" about life in Budapest. The "Baroness" and Jacques lose a few thousand francs, but Eve has no money to pay - until she finds that ten thousand francs has somehow appeared in her purse. Jacques insists on seeing her back to her hotel . Georges hears this and slips away saying he forgot his gloves. Eve is stunned to find a suite reserved at the Ritz for Baroness Czerny. Meanwhile, Tibor, who is worried about Eve, searches Paris for her, invoking memories of the First Battle of the Marne to recruit his fellow taxi drivers. When Eve awakes the next morning, "her" luggage is delivered - a set of trunks bearing the Czerny monogram and holding a complete new wardrobe. A car and driver are waiting outside for her. Eve is mystified and rather frightened by all this until her mysterious benefactor arrives. It is Georges, and he has a proposition for her. He saw through her the night before, and saw something else. His wife Helene is infatuated with Jacques - but last night, Jacques had eyes only for the "Baroness". Georges loves his wife and wants her back. He wants Eve to flirt with Jacques and break up his affair with Helene. Georges will pay Eve a nice sum if she succeeds, and Jacques might even marry her. He gives her an expense account of fifty thousand francs and invites her to the Flammarion country house for their upcoming week-end house party. Eve captivates Jacques quite thoroughly. They both go to the Flammarion estate. While she is out and about with Jacques, one of the taxi drivers spots her. Tibor learns where she has gone - and that she is calling herself Baroness Czerny! At the estate, Marcel, acting for Helene, has used the pawn ticket to retrieve the suitcase from Monte Carlo. In it is a group picture of some showgirls, one of whom looks very like the Baroness. Helene is about to expose Eve in front of all the guests when "Baron Tibor Czerny" is announced. Tibor has come to be with his "wife". Later, in private, Tibor professes his love for Eve. Eve hints that she has similar feelings, but she still thinks she wants financial security with a wealthy husband like Jacques. The pretense continues the following morning. The "Baron" and "Baroness" have a long-distance telephone conversation with their sick child in Budapest . Then Tibor reveals his true identity, only to have the "Baroness" explain that the Czerny barons are prone to fits of delusional madness. Jacques presses his suit, and offers to marry the Baroness if she leaves her husband, whom she has described as mentally cruel to her. That\'s what Eve thinks she wants. She appears in a French court to get a sham divorce. Tibor is angry, but he accepts payment from Georges to go along. However, in court, Tibor pretends to be insane, knowing that will bar a divorce under French law. Jacques still wants the "Baroness", but Eve tells him gently that he should never marry - it would deprive so many women of his attentions. Helene is cured of her infatuation, and leaves arm-in-arm with Georges. Tibor and Eve go off to the marriage bureau - much to the surprise of the judge who just denied their divorce.'] ['The film’s plot is another family misadventure, full of over-the-top slapstick. Chase and D’Angelo again portray the married couple Clark and Ellen Griswold, living in suburban Chicago with two children, Rusty and Audrey. The family competes in a game show called Pig in a Poke and wins an all-expenses-paid trip to Europe. In a whirlwind tour of western Europe, chaos of all sorts ensues. They stay in a fleabag London hotel with a sloppy, tattooed Cockney desk clerk . While in their English rental car, an orange Austin Maxi, Clark drives his family endlessly around the busy Lambeth Bridge roundabout for hours, unable to maneuver his way out of traffic due to the opposite direction of American driving. His wrong-way driving habits cause him to repeatedly crash into cars and knock over a frightened bicyclist  who reappears in different scenes as if by coincidence. At Stonehenge, Clark backs their Citroën into a priceless, ancient stone monolith, knocking all the stones down like dominoes, which they do not even notice as they happily leave the scene. While the family are at Stonehenge, Clark shouts for Rusty, who is standing right behind him. Rusty then replies, "Yeah Dad?" This conversation is a callback to a similar one which took place in National Lampoon\'s Vacation after Clark crashed the car in the middle of the desert. In Paris, Clark throws Rusty\'s beret cap off the Eiffel Tower observation deck, causing a lady\'s dachshund to jump off after it; later, young Rusty meets a hooker at a bawdy Paris can-can dance show. While in Paris, the family\'s video camera is stolen by a passerby  whom Clark had asked to take a picture of the family. Also, Clark, with his terrible French, manages to insult every native Frenchman. The Griswolds burst in on a bewildered, elderly German village couple , who they mistakenly think are relatives but who serve them dinner anyhow, not knowing each other\'s languages. Clark manages to turn a lively thigh-slapping Bavarian folk dance stage performance, into an all-out street brawl, after which he, fleeing hastily, gets their Citroën DS stuck in a too-narrow medieval archway after knocking down several street vendors\' stands. In Rome, the Griswolds rent a car at a travel office. However, they don\'t know that the real manager is restrained by two thieves. The leader thief gives them a car with the real manager in the trunk. He claims that he lost the keys to the trunk. Later the Griswolds go shopping. The next day Ellen is shocked to discover that private, sexy videos of her from the family\'s previously stolen video camera have been used in a billboard advertising a pornographic movie, leaving her completely humiliated. After screaming her anger at Clark , Ellen storms off to the hotel they are staying at and encounters the thief who sold them the car. She confesses her recent troubles. She is still unaware that he is a thief. The man then tries to get the car keys, which are in her purse. However he fails and then the police arrive at the hotel and Ellen tries to escape. She is kidnapped by him, prompting Clark to rescue her. At the end while flying back to the U.S.A., Clark causes the plane to "knock" the Statue of Liberty\'s torch upside down. Cameo appearances are made by John Astin , Moon Unit Zappa, Robbie Coltrane, Maureen Lipman, Leslie Phillips, Ballard Berkeley, Eric Idle and a musical appearance by The Power Station .'] ['Nathaniel Mayweather  is a snobbish, self-centered, virginal man. He is invited by his father to sail to Hawaii aboard the Queen Catherine. After annoying the driver, he is forced to walk the rest of the way. Nathaniel makes a wrong turn into a small fishing village where he meets the imbecilic cabin boy/first mate Kenny . He thinks the ship, The Filthy Whore, is a theme boat. It is not until the next morning that Captain Greybar  finds Nathaniel in his room and explains that the boat will not return to dry land for three months. Nathaniel unsuccessfully tries to convince each fisherman to set sail to Hawaii, but convinces Kenny into doing so. However, the crew reaches Hell\'s Bucket, a Bermuda Triangle-like area where weird events occur. The ship is caught in a fierce storm and Kenny is knocked overboard and drowns. Without a cabin boy, Greybar forces Nathaniel do the chores in return for taking him to Hawaii. And with only one island residing in the entire area, the crew decide to sail to fix up the boat there. The fishermen decide to give Nathaniel another chore that involves dragging him on a floating raft for a week. Nathaniel has little to eat or drink, begins consuming salt water and suffers extreme sunburn after confusing cooking oil as lotion. He also realizes he might be going insane after sighting Kenny\'s ghost and seeing a floating cupcake that spits tobacco. After falling into the water he is saved by a "shark-man." Nine days later, Nathaniel is pulled back in and tells what happened. It is revealed by Skunk  and Big Teddy  that the shark-man is known as Chocki , who can be trouble because he can like one person one way, but then hate them in the other. Nathaniel spots a beautiful young woman named Trina  swimming in the ocean. After she is pulled up in a net, Nathaniel becomes smitten with her. Not pleased with another passenger on board, the fishermen decide to strand Trina and Nathaniel on the island they\'re sailing toward. Finally reaching the island, the crew searches for components to fix their boat. Nathaniel tries to get closer to Trina, who constantly rejects him. Greybar and Skunk suggest to Nathaniel that a woman named Calli  can help build his confidence. After an encounter with her, Nathaniel again meets Trini, who becomes attracted to him immediately. Calli\'s husband Mulligan ([[Mike Starr , a giant, comes home to find a man\'s bag. Realizing what Calli has done, Mulligan decides to find her lover and kill him. Nathaniel tries to save everyone by confessing to the giant he\'s the one who slept with Calli. Mulligan is about to kill Nathaniel with a giant nail clipper when Chocki saves him. Nathaniel then kills Mulligan by choking him with his own belt. Finally reaching Hawaii, Nathaniel offers his newfound companions a job at the hotel where his father is the owner. They refuse because all they know how to do is fish and stink. They mock Nathaniel as a fancy lad who should stay in Hawaii where he belongs. Nathaniel and Trina part ways. His father, William Mayweather ([[Bob Elliott , expresses disappointment of his son\'s actions. Not wanting to live the fancy-lad life, Nathaniel leaves to find Trina, and then both join the crew on the The Filthy Whore.'] [' Tracy Samantha Lord Haven  is a wealthy Main Line Philadelphia socialite who had divorced C. K. Dexter Haven , a member of her social set, because he did not measure up to her exacting standards.  She is about to marry nouveau riche "man of the people" George Kittredge ([[John Howard . Spy magazine publisher Sidney Kidd  is eager to cover the wedding, and he enlists Dexter, one of his former employees, to introduce reporter Macaulay "Mike" Connor  and photographer Liz Imbrie  as friends of the family so they can report on the wedding. Tracy is not fooled but reluctantly agrees to let them stay—after Dexter explains that Kidd has an innuendo-laden article about Tracy\'s father, Seth ([[John Halliday , who, Tracy believes, is having an affair with a dancer. Though Seth is separated from Tracy\'s mother Margaret  and Tracy harbors great resentment against him, she wants to protect her family\'s reputation. Dexter is welcomed back with open arms by Margaret and Dinah , Tracy\'s teenage sister—much to Tracy\'s annoyance. In addition, Tracy gradually discovers that Mike has admirable qualities, and she even takes the trouble to find his published stories in the library. Thus, as the wedding nears, Tracy finds herself torn between her fiancé, her ex-husband, and the reporter. The night before the wedding, Tracy gets drunk for only the second time in her life and takes an innocent swim with Mike. When George sees Mike carrying an intoxicated Tracy into the house afterward, he thinks the worst. The next day, he tells her that he was shocked and feels entitled to an explanation before going ahead with the wedding. Tracy takes exception to his lack of faith in her and breaks off the engagement. Then she realizes that all the guests have arrived and are waiting for the ceremony to begin. Mike volunteers to marry her , but Tracy graciously declines. At this point, Dexter makes his bid for her hand, which she accepts.'] ["George Norton is a low-level bumbler who works for Chicago crime boss Charley Barker. A well-dressed mama's boy, George is in good standing with Barker, even gaining a promotion, until an incident that costs the mob a million dollars. George is indirectly responsible when Archie, a mob courier, is killed at a barbecue. After the funeral, Barker instructs George to dig up Archie's body because $500,000 was stuffed inside the lining of each side of a blue suit that an unwitting George personally chose for the burial. George opens the casket to find it empty, then later occupied by a different corpse. He sets out to retrieve the body and the money before Barker gets angry enough to arrange a funeral for HIM."] ['On the first day of summer, dim-witted but charming Ed , experiences a nightmare featuring talking burgers. Troubled by the nightmare, Ed shows up late to work at Good Burger. On the same morning, Dexter , a fellow high school student of Ed, steals his mother\'s car after she leaves for a business trip. Dexter accidentally crashes into his teacher, Mr. Wheat\'s ([[Sinbad  car. With no driver\'s license or insurance, Dexter is in danger of going to jail. However, Mr. Wheat agrees to allow Dexter to pay for a total of $2,500 in car damages instead of calling the police. Dexter must find a summer job to pay for the expenses. Dexter first finds employment at Mondo Burger. However, after he insults Mondo Burger\'s manager, Kurt Bozwell , he was fired and found employment at Good Burger. There, he meets and reluctantly befriends Ed and a slew of colorful employees. However, little does Dexter know...Ed inadvertently caused the car accident. After waking up late, Ed rushes to work on rollerblades. He then skates in front of Dexter, causing him to swerve and hit Mr. Wheat\'s car. Dexter finds much success at Good Burger. However, his success at Good Burger takes a turn for the worse. Across the street from Good Burger, a Mondo Burger opens. The popular Mondo Burger produces over-sized burgers, much bigger than the Good Burger burgers. However, with the invention of Ed\'s "secret sauce", Good Burger is saved. After Dexter realizes that Ed caused his car accidents, Dexter takes part of Ed\'s credit to pay off the debt. Ed\'s sauce reigns success, causing Mondo Burger\'s Manager, Kurt to attempt to steal the sauce. First, he entices Ed with a higher hourly wage at Mondo Burger. Dedicated to Good Burger, Ed denies Kurt\'s request. Kurt then sends in the notorious, Roxanne  to seduce Ed and find the ingredients of the "secret sauce". With her attempts, Ed injures her. After, Ed and Dexter disguise themselves as old women and enter Mondo Burger. They discover that Mondo Burger chemically induces their burgers  with "Triampathol", an illegal food additive. Kurt realizes the old women are Dexter and Ed, and kidnaps them. He sends them to the Demented Hills Mental Hospital to prevent the public from believing the Mondo Burger\'s secret. After sending Ed and Dexter to Demented Hills, Kurt and his employees break into Good Burger after closing hours and poison Ed\'s secret sauce with shark poison. When Ed and Dexter\'s co-worker Otis  attempts to stop them, Kurt then takes him captive and sends him to Demented Hills, as well. There, Otis tells the duo about Kurt\'s scheme to ruin the secret sauce. They devise a plan to escape. Ed begins to dance and sing, encouraging the other patients to dance. After the entire mental hospital breaks out in dance, the trio escapes the mental hospital. They steal an ice cream van to leave the hospital. Then, Ed and Dexter break into Mondo Burger and expose the chemically-induced burgers to the police. Ed tries to take a can of Triampathol, but accidentally knocks one into the meat grinder. Ed then pours the rest of the substance into the grinder. Kurt catches Ed and Dexter. Just before he attempts to rid the two, the Mondo Burger building begins blow up as a cause of the Triampathol-overdosed burgers exploding. After the building destructs, the police arrests Kurt for illegal substance use. With the destruction of Mondo Burger, Mr. Wheat\'s car is destroyed once again . Ed and Dexter then walk back to Good Burger where the Good Burger employees praise the two as Good Burger heroes. The film ends with Ed infamously saying "Welcome to Good Burger, home of the Good Burger, can I take your order?"'] ['Pilot Steve Collins  agrees to help bandleader Alan Brice  and heiress Joan Winfield  elope. Steve then contacts her father Lucius , offering to prevent the marriage and deliver her to him in return for enough money to get out of debt. Steve tricks Alan into getting off the aircraft, then takes off with Joan. When an irate Joan tries to jump out of the aircraft, Steve sees that she has her parachute on backwards and is forced to crash land near the ghost town of Bonanza. The next morning, they encounter the lone resident, "Pop" Tolliver ([[Harry Davenport . Joan escapes into an abandoned mine. When Steve follows her, they are trapped by a cave-in. Steve finds a way out, but hides it from Joan on the advice of Pop. Believing that they are going to die, Joan re-examines her frivolous life with great regret. Steve admits he loves her, but when he kisses her, she tastes food on his lips and realizes he has found a way out. They exit the mine to find that Alan has tracked them down, accompanied by a Nevada judge. Steve does not object when Alan and Joan get married, hiding the fact that Bonanza is in California and therefore the wedding is invalid. The "newlyweds" board another aircraft, but when Joan figures out that they are not really married, she parachutes out to be reunited with Steve.'] ['Mary Smith , daughter of presidential hopeful Horace Smith , has lived a cloistered life free of any scandal. Although she is devoted to her father and supports his political aspirations, she longs for a life of her own. Believing she needs some excitement in her life, Mary\'s free-spirited Uncle Hannibal ([[Harry Davenport  takes her dancing at a nightclub, which the police raid for gambling. When Horace learns that press reporters have discovered Mary\'s name on the police report, he sends his daughter off to the family\'s Palm Beach, Florida mansion. For Mary, Palm Beach during the off season is a place of loneliness and boredom. She asks her two housemaids  if she can go along with them on a blind date with some cowboys from a visiting rodeo. The two maids reluctantly agree. Feeling sorry for the inexperienced Mary, they coach her on their three-step "system" for getting a man interested: flatter him, get him talking about himself, and play on his sympathy with a hard-luck story. The three women go to the rodeo, and afterwards meet up with their dates at the Rodeo Cafeteria and pair off. Mary is immediately attracted to the tall, lanky, and unpretentious cowboy Stretch Willoughby  and arranges to be with him. After dinner, they continue their evening back at Mary\'s beachfront estate. Aware that the plain-spoken Stretch is suspicious of high society rich folk, Mary pretends to be a lady\'s maid whose "boss" is out of town. Mary attempts to get the shy cowboy interested by following the first two steps of the "system" but fails to attract his interest. Determined, she proceeds to the third step, inventing a hard-luck story about her drunken father and four younger sisters whom she alone must support. When she adds a tear or two to embellish her story, Stretch is won over, and the evening ends with the two kissing in the moonlight. The next morning, an enamoured Stretch Willoughby appears at the mansion prepared to ask for Mary\'s hand in marriage. Unprepared for this turn of events, Mary casually dismisses his awkward proposal. Angered at the rejection, Stretch tosses Mary into the swimming pool and storms off. Completely fascinated by this man unlike any she had ever hoped to meet, Mary follows Stretch when he boards a ship for Galveston. Determined to apologize, Mary finally succeeds in getting the stubborn cowboy to listen to her. But her explanation for her behavior falls short of actually confessing her true identity. The days on board the ship bring the two closer together, and on the last night before docking at Galveston, they are married by the ship\'s captain . When the newly married couple arrives at Galveston, they set up temporary home in a tent at a rodeo camp. Mary does her best to adapt to the dusty and primitive conditions, but she is having a difficult time. Stretch senses Mary\'s unease, but believes it stems from her worrying over her "family"—the fictitious drunken father and four younger sisters she\'s supporting. He suggests she return to Palm Beach alone to settle her family obligations. Although she is ashamed of her continued deception, Mary fears Stretch will reject her if he learns the truth about her and her wealthy family. Stretch believes he\'s married a "work horse" who works hard to support her family, not a "show horse" like her fictitious boss. Confused and miserable, Mary agrees to go back home for a few days and later meet up with Stretch at his ranch in Montana. When Mary arrives back at her Palm Beach mansion, she learns that her father is on his way with all his committee members, plus an important congressman who holds the presidential nomination in his power. Her sympathetic Uncle Hannibal arrives early, and Mary tearfully confides her secret marriage to him. Soonafter, Mary\'s father arrives, full of plans for the following weeks. He assumes his daughter will serve as dutiful hostess and support his plans. Feeling trapped again, Mary finally confesses to her father that she is married to a cowboy and plans to join her new husband in Montana immediately. Mary\'s courage, however, is short-lived. When she sees how her news has crushed her father, she agrees to stay and perform her duties until her father secures the presidential nomination. At his Montana ranch, Stretch is busy making preparations for Mary\'s arrival, helping to build a new house for his bride. But Mary never arrives. Stretch decides to head back to Palm Beach and find out what\'s wrong with his missing wife. When Stretch arrives at the Palm Beach mansion, he insists on talking to Mary\'s "employers". He bursts into the dining room, only to see his wife at the head of a dinner party table, surrounded by her father and all his distinguished guests, who proceed to have a few laughs at the cowboy\'s expense. When asked for his opinion about Mary\'s father running for president, Stretch delivers his scathing opinion about the whole group before leaving in anger. Seeing his daughter\'s distress finally gives Horace Smith pause to think about what his behavior has been as a father. He is there to comfort Mary as they listen to the whistle of the train that is taking her husband out of her life. Back in Montana, a subdued Stretch arrives home only to find his father-in-law Horace Smith sitting on his front porch in the sun, wanting to chat about farming. Horace also tells Stretch that he has quit the presidential race because he now knows that Mary\'s happiness is more important. He goes on to say that all her life Mary has made sacrifices, thinking only of her father, never herself. Upon entering the ranchhouse, the bewildered Stretch finds a party underway, Uncle Hannibal raiding the kitchen, and Mary herself baking a cake with Ma Hawkins. The story ends with the cowboy and the lady kissing in the kitchen of their new Montana home.{{cite web|last|titlehttp://themave.com/Cooper/filmog/cowblady2.htm Coop: A Tribute|accessdate"classic">{{cite web}}'] ["Maura is a single mom, furniture repossessed, being evicted. Maura is getting married to Wilson, an African, facing deportation for 9000 euro so that Wilson can legally stay in Ireland. Her nine-year old, Molly, thinks she's going to get a dad. Freddie, a bit of a compulsive, is remarrying Sophie, after divorce and recommitment; she's starved herself into her old wedding dress. Both bridal parties arrive at the same inn for receptions: Freddie and Maura's paths keep crossing, Sophie thinks the two are having an affair, immigration officers are stalking Wilson, and Molly's figuring out what's really up.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1324053/ Sophie runs off because she thinks her Freddie is having an affair with the other bride . It doesn't help that Maura's daughter Molly keeps on asking questions about her mother and Wilson. Sophie's dad tries to kill Freddie because his daughter has disappeared. In the end Freddie tries to kill himself , he agrees with Sophie that their marriages is over, and he and Maura kiss. Maura manages to convince the immigration detectives that her marriage to Wilson is real. Wilson gives Maura her 9000 euro and then leaves with his African girlfriend. They all live happily ever after except Sophie's dad, who is taken away in a restraining jacket for trying to kill Freddie with an axe."] ['The film follows the antics of head counsellor Tripper Harrison  and the counsellors-in-training  at Camp North Star, a cut-rate summer camp. The main plot involves Rudy Gerner , a lonely kid who is sent to summer camp by his father. Noticing Rudy is unable to fit in, Tripper takes him under his wing and each morning they go jogging and bond as friends. Tripper helps Rudy gain confidence while Rudy encourages Tripper to start a romance with Roxanne , the female head counsellor. Candace  "kidnaps" Crockett  in a speedboat and confesses her feelings for him. Wheels, who had broken up with A.L.  the year before, successfully rekindle their relationship during a dance. The nerdy Spaz  develops a crush on Jackie. Morty Melnick  is the North Star Camp director and the butt of the counsellors\' practical jokes. Tripper\'s favourite gag is invading Morty\'s cabin in the middle of the night and relocating the deep-sleeping director to unusual places such as in a tree or on the roadside. A subplot deals with the camp\'s rivalry with the wealthy Camp Mohawk, located across the lake. During a basketball game, North Star is being beaten by Mohawk when they attempt their own perverse form of victory. This sets the stage for the yearly Olympiad held between the camps in which Mohawk carries a 12-0 record. During the first day of competition, Mohawk dominates North Star, cheating in many cases to win. Crockett fails to clear the high jump bar, Hardware gets pummeled in boxing, and Jackie suffers a broken leg in field hockey, thanks to the dirty work of two Mohawk girls. The score at the end of Day One is: Mohawk-170, North Star-63. That evening at the North Star Lodge, Tripper gives a rousing speech, telling demoralized campers that it doesn\'t matter whether they win or lose. In unison, Camp North Star begins to chant, "It just doesn\'t matter!" Newly inspired, Day Two of the Olympiad belongs to North Star as they win every event. Wheels outwrestles his opponent, Spaz defeats Rhino in a stacking contest with inspiration from Jackie and a thwarted Mohawk cheating attempt, and after 12 years of defeat Fink finally beats "The Stomach" in the hot dog eating contest. North Star now trails by only 10 points with one event left, a 4-mile cross country run for 20 points. Tripper steps forward and elects a surprised Rudy to compete against Horse , Mohawk\'s star runner. The many mornings Rudy spent jogging and training with Tripper pay off as he wins the race, giving North Star its first Olympiad victory. Later that evening, Morty, Tripper, Roxanne, and the CITs sing around a campfire and say their final goodbyes as the camp prepares to close for the summer. Roxanne agrees to come live with Tripper and, on a motorcycle, the two of them lead the buses out of camp. The movie ends with Morty in bed on a raft in the lake, then stepping sleepily into the water.'] ["One night, an American special forces team invades Saddam Hussein's  palace and a nearby prison camp to rescue captured soldiers from Operation Desert Storm and to eliminate Saddam, but they find the Iraqis prepared for them, and the entire rescue team is captured. This failed operation turns out to be the latest in a series of rescue attempts which were foiled by the Iraqis, and consequently the advisors of President Benson  suspect sabotage in their own ranks. Colonel Walters  suggests to gain the aid of war hero Topper Harley  for the next mission, but Topper has retired from the Navy and become a Buddhist in a small Thai village. Walters and Michelle Huddleston , CIA, arrive and try to persuade him to come out of retirement in order to rescue the imprisoned soldiers and the previous rescue parties. Topper initially refuses, but when yet another rescue mission  goes awry, he agrees and parachutes into an Iraqi jungle with Harbinger  - the sole escapee of the rescue mission shown at the beginning of the film, whom Topper suspects to be the wanted saboteur -, Williams , and Rabinowitz , close to the heavily guarded hostage camp. Their contact turns out to be Topper's former love, Ramada , who guides them to a fishing boat that she prepared for their transportation. She and Topper reminisce, and he explains that she was married before she met him. When she was informed that her husband, Dexter , was still alive and a prisoner in Iraq, she volunteered to participate in his liberation, but was instructed to keep this strictly confidential, forcing her to break up with Topper just as they were ready to start a new life together . Topper's team proceeds to the prison camp disguised as river fishermen, but a confrontation with an Iraqi patrol boat thwarts them. When President Benson hears of the apparent failure of another mission, he takes matters into his own hands; however, Topper and his teammates reach the Iraqi hostage camp. In the course of the operation, the alarm is raised and a gunfight ensues, during whose course Topper finds out that Harbinger is not the saboteur, but has merely lost faith in fighting, and manages to remotivate him. After the prisoners are freed, Topper decides to rescue Dexter, who has been brought to Saddam's palace. While the squad evacuates the hostages, Topper enters Saddam's palace and runs into the dictator himself, who pulls out his machine pistol and commands Topper to surrender. Topper disarms Saddam, and they engage in a sword fight. President Benson arrives and orders Topper to rescue Dexter while Benson and Saddam continue the duel. Benson defeats Saddam by spraying him with a fire extinguisher, upon which he and his dog solidify, crack, and melt, only to subsequently combine and reform as Saddam with his dog's head fur, nose, and ears. In the meantime, Topper manages to find and liberate Dexter. The squad heads back to the army helicopter, where Ramada, after a complicated revelation involving unfounded jealousy, reveals and arrests Michelle as the saboteur who betrayed the previous rescue attempts to the Iraqis. Dexter arrives with Topper and insists on taking a picture of him and Ramada, but backs away too far and topples over a cliff. President Benson joins the escapees, and the evacuation team lifts off; Saddam is about to shoot down the chopper when Topper and Ramada get rid of extra weight in it by pushing a piano out the open door, which crushes him. Topper and Ramada kiss as they ride off into the sunset, although the chopper gets a little scorched from flying through the sun."] ['New in New York City, Barbara Novak arrives at Banner House to present her new work, Down with Love, a book the intent of which is to free women from love, teach them to enjoy sex without commitment, and to replace the need for a man with things such as chocolate. Following her rules would, she believes, help to give women a boost in the workplace and in the world in general. The men who run Banner House refuse to support the book. The only way Vicky Hiller, Barbara\'s editor, can find to promote the book is for Barbara to meet Catcher Block – a successful writer for the magazine Know and a notorious "ladies\' man, man\'s man, man about town" – but he avoids her repeatedly by postponing their dates until she gets fed up, insults him, and walks out. Catcher\'s boss and best friend, Peter McMannus, and Vicky take a liking to one another. However, their relationship revolves around Barbara and Catcher, and neither is brave enough to express their feelings for the other. Peter feels overshadowed by Catcher\'s strong personality, and Vicky wants to see strength in her lover. She even assumes Peter must be gay. Barbara starts promoting her book with Vicky\'s help, and things take off when they get Judy Garland to sing the song "Down with Love" as a promotion to the book on The Ed Sullivan Show. Sales skyrocket, as housewives and women around the world buy the book and rebel against their men; Catcher now wants to meet Barbara, but now it is she who rejects him. It all comes to a boiling point when Barbara appears on a national TV show talking about a chapter from the book – "The Worst Kind of Man" – and cites Catcher Block as the perfect example. His date rejects him, which infuriates him. Catch swears he will prove Barbara is the same as every other woman, wanting the same things men do. He arranges for a casual meeting at a dry cleaner shop, taking advantage of the fact that Barbara has never met or seen him, and he poses as an astronaut, Major Zip Martin, attentive and polite. Barbara appears to be immediately infatuated with this man who seemingly has no idea who she is, in contrast to men who now avoid her, viewing her as the enemy since the publication of her book. "Zip" takes her to the most fashionable locations in New York while maintaining considerable sexual tension between them by feigning naivete and a desire to remain chaste until he is "ready" for a physical relationship. But he starts falling for her, and it gets harder to go through with his plan. When Barbara finds Catcher/Zip at a party he is almost caught out, and decides it is time to take everything to the next level: he tells Barbara that Catcher Block wants to interview him for an exposé on the NASA space program and asks her to accompany him. It is his own apartment, and he sets everything up to record her saying she loves him. But then it is she who reveals the truth: she knew he was really Catcher from the beginning, but she also lied as she is not Barbara Novak but Nancy Brown, once one of Catcher\'s many secretaries, who fell in love with him whilst working at Know, but who turned him down when he asked her out because she did not want to be just another one in his long list of romances. She tells him she did this to be different from all the women he knew, and make him love her. They both realize that Catcher does love her, but as he is proposing, one of his many lovers appears and thanks Barbara for what she\'s done for womankind. Barbara realizes that she does not want love or him as she has become a real "down with love" girl. Vicky and Peter\'s relationship also changes when she insults him for helping Catcher. Peter realizes he is indeed like any other man and takes Vicky to Catcher\'s apartment to take things to the next level. Days later, Catcher is completely depressed; all his efforts to win Barbara back have failed. Even his exposé is ruined now that Barbara has told her story in her own magazine, Now. Peter is also depressed as his relationship with Vicky is now apparently based only on sex. Catcher realizes he can do something and writes a new exposé "How Falling In Love With Barbara Novak Made Me A New Man". He learns there is an opening at Now and goes for an interview with her. There, he tells her how much she changed him, and it is obvious she wants him but turns him down anyway; he says he wished there could be a middle ground for them "somewhere between a blonde and a brunette", referring to her real persona, where she was a brunette. As he is leaving her office, he realizes she is not coming after him, but she surprises him on the elevator, showing him a bright red hair style: she has found the middle ground and she wants to be with him. They fly to Vegas to get married, influencing Vicky and Peter, who also decide to get married. The end credits show their marriage has resulted in a new book intended to end the battle of the sexes. The pair end by singing "Here\'s To Love".'] ["Sam  and Dave  after being fired from a fast food outlet and getting evicted are magically transported to Sam's uncle's island. Sam and Dave are asked to help save the island. The band Dread Zeppelin perform the film's theme song as credits roll at the end."] ["Both the Duke and Duchess have an eye for beauty and other partners. The Duke presently fancies a young woman who poses as an artist's model. The Duchess has her eye on the famous artist, Benvenuto Cellini, who is in the palace making a set of gold plate to be used at ducal banquets. Cellini purportedly hypnotizes young women, and cuckolds the Duke of Florence. The somewhat oblivious Duke is loath to punish the young man, for Cellini fashions gold wares for him, but throws him into the torture chamber. However, a goblet of poisoned wine solves the problem."] ['A car carrying four lady lawn bowlers on its way to Nhill is involved in an accident on a deserted road in rural Victoria. Locals, not knowing where the accident was, or who was involved, embark on a journey to assist.'] ['A homicidal escaped mental patient with a brain tumor and only a month to live meets a childlike mentally challenged traveling companion for a cross-country car trip that brings unexpected meaning to both their lives.'] ['Judy Bernly  is forced to find work after her husband, Dick , squanders their savings, loses his job and runs off with his secretary. Judy finds employment as a secretary at Consolidated Companies, a very large corporation. The senior office supervisor is the feisty widow, Violet Newstead . Violet shows Judy the place, whilst warning her about the two higher-ups. The first is the sleazy, selfish Franklin Hart, Jr. ; the latter is the crisp but equally obnoxious Roz Keith , Hart\'s executive assistant and resident snitch. Violet reveals to Judy that Hart is supposedly involved with his buxom secretary, Doralee Rhodes ; in reality the married Doralee refuses his advances, but Hart nonetheless has circulated a false rumor that they are having an affair. Hart exploits and mistreats his subordinates regularly. He takes credit for Violet\'s efficiency proposals, whilst refusing to promote her on the basis that, "clients prefer to deal with men when it comes to figures". He cruely yells at and threatens Judy on her first day after an equipment malfunction. He sexually harasses Doralee, and spreads false rumors that they are having an affair, damaging her credibility with coworkers. Finally, Hart casually fires a worker named Maria over an overheard discussion on salaries. When Violet discovers that another promotion she was hoping for has instead gone to a man, she angrily calls Hart on his manipulations and sexism. She then references Hart\'s claims of his purported affair with Doralee  before storming out. Doralee, previously unaware of the rumors and now realizing why her coworkers have been cold to her, informs Hart that she keeps a gun in her purse and warns him that if he ever makes another indecent reference about her, she will change him "from a rooster to a hen with one shot". She also angrily leaves the office. Judy, upset that Maria has just been fired over a trivial infraction, wants to inform Violet and is told that Violet is at a local bar "getting drunk". She joins Violet and Doralee, and the three women drown their sorrows together before going to Doralee\'s house. There, the beginning of the their friendship forms over dinner and smoking some marijuana that belongs to Violet\'s son. During which they fantasize about getting revenge on Mr. Hart, with Judy wanting to shoot him execution style, Doralee wanting to rope him, and Violet wanting to poison him. The following day, a mix-up leads Violet to accidentally spike Hart\'s coffee with rat poison . However, before he can drink any of the tainted coffee, Hart accidentally knocks himself unconscious by falling from a faulty office chair. On hearing he has been rushed to the hospital, Violet, realizing her error, panics, thinking it\'s due to the poison. After they arrive at the hospital, the three mistake a dead police witness for their boss. Violet, in a state of panic and desperation, steals the body of the deceased man and stashes it in the trunk of her car, convinces Doralee and Judy to join her, and the three drive off, planning to somehow dispose of the body. After a car accident, they discover they\'ve stolen the wrong body, so they smuggle it back into the hospital. Hart turns up alive the next morning, much to the shock of Violet, Doralee and Judy. During a break in the ladies room, the three speculate on what could have happened and then vow to forget the night\'s troubles, but Roz, hiding in one of the stalls, overhears them and relates the conversation to Hart. He confronts Doralee with the information he has just learned, and demands that she spend the night at his house or he\'ll have all three of them prosecuted for attempted murder. Hart refuses to believe it was an accident, so the three kidnap Hart, with Judy firing at Hart with Doralee\'s gun , and Doralee tying Hart\'s hands and legs with a phone cord . Unsure of how to prevent Hart from alerting authorities, the three bring Hart to his Tudor-style mansion, keeping him prisoner in his bedroom while the three decide to try to find something on which to blackmail him so that he won\'t have them arrested. The ladies discover that he\'s been selling Consolidated property behind their backs and keeping the profits for himself. To prove the crime, they need to wait several weeks for the accounting documents to arrive. In the meantime, the women fashion a special bondage device to allow Hart to move around, but keep him confined to his home. Since Doralee is able to forge Hart\'s signature without difficulty, the three women use the occasion of their boss\' absence to effect numerous changes around the office, in his name. These include allowing flexible hours, a job-sharing program that allows people to work part-time, and a daycare center in the building . All the while, they conceal the true reason for his disappearance. As it turns out, Hart is so feared and/or hated around the office that nobody questions his absence, with the exception of Roz, whom Violet, under the pretext of the company, sends to language school. One night, Judy discovers a prowler outside Hart\'s home. It turns out to be her ex-husband Dick, whose marriage to Liza lasted only a week. He tries to get Judy to come back to him until he finds Hart bound and gagged in the upstairs bedroom. He believes, erroneously, that Judy has gotten into perverted sex games. Judy sends him away, admitting that she\'s into everything, even smoking pot, and that his departure was the best thing that ever happened to her. Hart\'s adoring wife  Missy  returns from vacation early, putting the ladies\' plan in jeopardy. While still pretending to be the women\'s prisoner, Hart scrambles to replace the property he stole from Consolidated. He then takes Doralee\'s gun and directs the three women back to the office at gunpoint. Hart is appalled by the changes which have been made in his absence, even though all his employees are delighted with them. Before he can have the three women arrested, Hart receives an unexpected visit from Russell Tinsworthy , the Chairman of the Board. Mr. Tinsworthy has arrived to congratulate Hart for increases in productivity, which is due to the changes the three women had instituted in his name. Hart is only too happy to take credit for everything the ladies have done. Tinsworthy is so impressed that he recruits Hart to work at Consolidated\'s Brazilian operation for the next few years. Hart is not pleased by this development, but has no choice in the matter. Moments after Tinsworthy and Hart depart, Roz returns from language school and is stunned to discover Violet, Judy and Doralee celebrating in Hart\'s office, and realizing that she has to report to them. A post-credits montage reveals the fate of the major characters. Violet was promoted to Vice President. Judy fell in love and married the Xerox representative. Doralee left Consolidated and became a country and western singer. Hart was abducted by a tribe of Amazons in the Brazilian jungle and was never heard from again.'] ['Jean Harrington  is a beautiful con artist. Along with her equally larcenous father, "Colonel" Harrington  and his partner Gerald , she is out to fleece rich, naive Charles Pike , the heir to the Pike Ale fortune . Pike is a woman-shy snake expert just returning from a year-long expedition up the Amazon. Though surrounded by ladies desperate for his attention, Charles is putty in Jean\'s hands. But even the best laid plans can go astray. First, Jean falls hard for Pike and shields him from her card sharp father. Then, when Pike\'s suspicious minder/valet Muggsy  discovers the truth about her and her father, Pike dumps her. Furious at being scorned, she re-enters his life masquerading as the posh "Lady Eve Sidwich", niece of Sir Alfred McGlennan Keith , another con man who\'s been swindling the rich folk of Connecticut. Jean is determined to torment Pike mercilessly, as she explains, "I\'ve got some unfinished business with him—I need him like the axe needs the turkey." When Pike meets "Eve", he is so bewildered he constantly trips and falls over himself. Although Muggsy tries to convince him "she\'s the same dame", Pike reasons that Jean would never come close to his home without at least disguising herself, so he concludes the resemblance is only a coincidence. After a brief courtship, they marry, and on the train to their honeymoon, "Eve" begins to confess her past, dropping name after name after name of old boyfriends and lovers. Pike finally gets fed up and jumps off the train. Now separated, Jean\'s con team urges her to close the deal, saying she\'s got him over a barrel and can make a killing in a settlement. While Charles\' father and lawyers are on the phone with her pleading to settle quickly, Jean says she doesn\'t want any money at all, just for Pike to tell her it\'s over to her face. Pike refuses, and through his father Jean learns that he\'s departing on another ocean voyage. She arranges her own passage, and "bumps into" Pike, just as they met before. "Hopsie" is overjoyed to see Jean again, and they instantly dash to her cabin where they mutually affirm their love for each other. Charles confesses that he is married, and Jean replies tenderly, "So am I, darling."'] ["Marsha Robinson  is a famous TV personality and has her own lifestyle and cooking show. Together with her husband Doug , a dentist, her daughter Jane  and her son Roger  she lives in Beverly Hills. Marsha's TV show takes her and her family to Hawaii. When the Robinsons arrive in Honolulu their yacht is captured by 'modern pirates' at night and when they wake up in the morning they find themselves and their unbidden guests on the open sea. But being the Robinsons they trick the pirates and leave them behind in a lifeboat. When things finally seemed to be good and the Robinsons try to sail to the next harbor, the yacht gets into a storm and the family shipwrecks on a deserted island. Of course, Marsha Robinson - being a socialite - freaks out and threatens her husband with a nervous breakdown if they aren't saved within the next 45 minutes and the rest of the family isn't fond of their situation either. But nobody saves them and nobody knows where they are. So there's nothing to do but settle in, survive and build a tree house. Life on the island turns into routine, although Marsha films herself while giving statements about her family's miserable situation after the shipwreck - just in case they'll be saved and she has footage for TV shows. Meanwhile the pirates have been stranded on the island, too, which the Robinsons do not know. The island also has an inhabitant, a shipwrecked surfer named Digger, who secretly eats all of Marsha's chocolates. The Robinsons get to know him when Doug has an underwater-accident and needs to be saved by a good swimmer. Jane falls in love with him. He helps the Robinsons finish their treehouse and becomes a member of the family. The pirates discover the Robinsons and now the Robinsons need to struggle with the unbidden guests once again."] ["Overworked air-traffic controller Jack Chester takes his wife Sandy and children Jennifer, Bobby and Laurie on a summer vacation from the Atlanta area to fictitious Citrus Cove, Florida, during which they are constantly beset by a never-ending barrage of problems. First they move into the wrong house by mistake, then Jack receives a leg injury that prevents him from being able to spend time with his family. The family ends up in a fairly decrepit shack on a public beach in Florida, with a constant stream of vacationers tromping through. Jack locks horns with pompous local sailing champion Al Pellet, the owner of this dubious piece of real estate. About to be evicted early, Jack proposes a wager -- if he can win this year's regatta, Al must allow the Chesters to stay rent-free. The trouble is, Jack hasn't sailed for many years and he doesn't even have a boat. Scully, a local saloon keeper with a pirate's mentality, befriends Jack and volunteers to help him on both counts. The bored Chesters come to life by helping Jack make his new vessel seaworthy. This motley crew is at first glance no match for Al or anybody else in the race, but a strong breeze and a large pair of pants enable Jack to enjoy a victory at sea."] ["Neal Page is trying to return to his family for Thanksgiving in Chicago after being on a business trip in New York. His journey is doomed from the outset, with Del Griffith  interfering first by leaving his trunk by the side of the road causing Neal to trip when racing an uncredited character  for a cab, then moments later again by inadvertently snatching the taxi cab that Neal had bought from an attorney just before. The two inevitably pair up later and begin an error-prone adventure to help Neal get back to his home. Their flight from LaGuardia Airport to O'Hare is diverted to Wichita due to a blizzard in Chicago, which ends up dissipating only a few hours after touchdown in Kansas. When every mode of transport  fails them, what should have been an 1 hour and 45 minute New York-to-Chicago flight turns into a three-day adventure. To complicate matters even further, on the first night in Wichita, a thief breaks into the poorly-locked motel and steals almost $1,000 aggregate from the two men. Neal frequently blows up at Del, blaming him for much of their misfortunes, including the robbery of the first night. These ravings are not all unjustified, as Del's carelessly discarded cigarette sets fire to the rental car, melting all but the radio. Del in turn regards Neal as a pretentious and uptight cynic while Del is less afraid to be himself. After a much heated argument between the two men, a bond between them forms, and Neal finally manages to overcome his arrogance. Both men pull together to finally make their way home, while Del manages to raise money by selling off his entire inventory of shower curtain rings, to kids and adults alike, who think they make good earrings. Under the assumption that Del has a wife and family of his own , the two men part ways. However, Neal later pieces together things Del said and realizes that Del is alone. He goes back to the train station where he had left Del and sees him sitting alone, inside an empty station, after they finally make it back to Chicago. Del tells Neal that Marie actually died eight years prior and that he has been homeless ever since. Neal, having become a nicer person during the journey, invites Del to enjoy Thanksgiving with his family."] [' Mr. Bean  is a well-meaning, but hopelessly clumsy and destructive guard at the Royal National Gallery in London. Attempts by the gallery\'s board of directors to fire Bean are thwarted by the chairman who, for unspecified reasons, is very fond of him. Desperate to rid themselves of the turmoil Bean unintentionally causes, the board members send him to the United States to represent them at the unveiling of the portrait Whistler\'s Mother, which has been purchased for $50 million by the fictional Grierson Art Gallery in Los Angeles. Bean\'s visit has been arranged by the gallery\'s curator, David Langley , who is very impressed by the National Gallery\'s fabricated praise of "Dr. Bean", and decides to board him in his house. On his flight to Los Angeles, Bean attempts to amuse a child with air sickness by blowing up his M&M\'s bag and popping it to wake up the man in front of him, but without success. After the child throws up into an air sickness bag, Bean takes the bag from him and repeats the bag popping over the man\'s face, only to splatter him with vomit. He hides from the man upon his arrival to Los Angeles, where he is detained at the airport due to pretending to have a gun. His arrival at David\'s house is initially met with subtle hostility from David\'s wife Alison , son Kevin ([[Andrew Lawrence , and daughter Jennifer . Unfortunely, Alison refuses David\'s request to allow Bean to live with them for two months, and David promises Alison that he will talk to Bean and take him to a hotel after their meeting at the gallery. Bean\'s unorthodox arrival at the gallery worries many of David\'s colleagues, particularly his boss, George Grierson , who subtly warns David that he will be responsible for Bean\'s actions at the unveiling of the painting, but David promises that he can handle Bean, convinced that he is merely a little eccentric. When David takes Bean back to his house, Alison departs for her mother\'s home, unwilling to live with Bean. With his family gone, David decides to take Bean on a tour of the Los Angeles art galleries before Whistler\'s Mother arrives. However, Bean decides that he and David should go to Pacific Park instead, but lands in police detainment for the second time after tampering with the controls of a motion simulator ride, making it go dangerously fast after deeming that his first ride earlier was too slow. This prompts Lieutenant Brutus , who dealt with Bean at the airport, makes David accountable for Bean and threatening to arrest Bean if he ever steps out of line again. Following a miserable dinner with Grierson which David had forgotten about, where Bean accidentally blows up the microwave after attempting to cook their Thanksgiving turkey in it, David finally realises that Bean is not a doctor and knows nothing about art. David is obliged to continue with the deception, however, as he has already staked his professional career on Bean\'s supposed reputation as a noted art scholar. The next day, Whistler\'s Mother arrives at the Grierson Art Gallery, and Bean is given a few minutes alone to study it, in an effort to keep him out of trouble. While dusting the frame, Bean accidentally sneezes on the painting and wipes it with a handkerchief, not knowing that it is covered in blue ink from a broken pen, and therefore the painting is stained. Terrified, Bean takes it to a supply room to get some agent by which to remove the ink. He uses lacquer thinner, which also dissolves the painted face from the painting. Much to his horror, Bean attempts to patch it up with an extremely unconvincing cartoon face. Upon seeing it, David is also horrified and hides the painting behind its metal security shutters. Fearing that David will lose his job and possibly face criminal proceedings for his vandalism, he and Bean head off to a bar to drown their sorrows. During the night, Bean hatches his plan to restore Whistler\'s Mother. Bean gathers a few items from David\'s house and makes his way to the Grierson Art Gallery. Bean distracts the only security guard on duty by putting laxative in his coffee, followed by switching the men\'s bathroom keys with some other set. He removes the destroyed painting from its frame and replaces it with a poster version of itself, glossing it with an egg and varnish mix to make it appear authentic. At the unveiling of Whistler\'s Mother the next day, David is overjoyed to see Bean finally restore the painting, but expects Bean, who has totally forgotten to come up with a speech, to make a fool of himself on national television when he takes the podium at the press conference. However, Bean\'s brief but effective off-the-cuff speech regarding the work is both very simple and very deep, cementing the public\'s perception of him as a scholarly virtuoso. Despite initial doubts, the officials and hierarchy appear to take his words to heart and enjoy the speech. After the unveiling, Brutus finds David and informs him that Jennifer has been involved in a motorcycle accident because she rebelled against David for not getting rid of Bean and is in intensive care. Bean and David are given a police escort to the hospital to see Jennifer, but Brutus stops on his way to deal with an armed robber, who shot Brutus in his stomach before being arrested. Due to a mix-up at the hospital, Bean is mistaken for a doctor and pushed into an operating theatre containing Brutus, who is still barely alive. While the other doctors and nurses are distracted, Bean unconventionally retrieves the bullet and eventually rescues Brutus, earning the admiration of his colleagues. Bean is again mistaken for a doctor and this time, David takes him to see Jennifer, who is unconscious. Bean, unsure what to do, attempts to use a defibrillator to bring Jennifer back to life, but accidentally shocks himself and is sent flying across the room and lands on Jennifer in her bed and waking her up in the process. Still not recognising Bean, David and Alison tells him that they will offer him anything. Bean reveals himself and later asks if he can stay with them for another week before returning to London. Though baffled, the Langleys gladly accept. After another week in Los Angeles with the Langleys, for which he gives the family gifts, and explores the city, a biker shows him his middle finger, Bean thinks it is a sign of good luck and heads to the airport to return to London. Before leaving, David tells Bean that he is welcome to come back and visit any time he likes. In his flat, Bean, getting ready to bed for the night, turns off the light and looks at the original vandalised Whistler\'s Mother, which now has pride-of-place on his wall, and shows it to his Teddy before closing his eyes and going to sleep.'] ["Hugo Z. Hackenbush  is a veterinarian who is hired as chief of staff for the Standish Sanitarium, owned by Judy Standish , at the insistence of her most important patient, the rich Mrs. Upjohn, , who insists on being treated only by Dr. Hackenbush. The Sanitarium has fallen on hard times, and banker J.D. Morgan  is attempting to gain control of it. Judy hopes that Mrs. Upjohn will make a large donation and stop that from happening. Meanwhile, Judy's boyfriend, singer Gil Stewart ([[Allan Jones , has taken his life's savings and bought a horse with it, instead of paying for vocal lessons to further his career as a radio singer. His hope is that the horse, Hi-Hat, will win a big race, and the money will save the sanitarium. Unfortunately, he now has no money to pay for the horse's feed, and he and Tony , who works for the sanitarium, and Stuffy , Hi-Hat's jockey, have to resort to trickery to fend off the Sheriff  &ndash; who is Morgan's stooge &ndash; attempts to rattle Mrs. Upjohn's faith in Hackenbush by having her discover him in a compromising situation with a floozie, . Hackenbush is saved by Stuffy and Tony, who pose as house detectives and then as paperhangers, pasting the vamp to the wall behind layers of wallpaper. Next, Whitmore brings in the eminent Dr. Steinberg , who exposes Hackenbush as a quack. Hackenbush, Tony, Stuffy and Gil hide out in Hi-Hat's stable, where Judy soon joins them. Morgan finds them and is about to have them arrested when the horse sees him and bolts, running for the racetrack, where he jumps the fence and enters the ongoing race, with Stuffy riding him and spurring him on by showing the animal a picture of Morgan."] ['The film\'s story concerns Victor Ajax , a young technician in the employ of Trend-Odegard Security. Mr. Trend, co-owner of the company , has learned of a plan by his partner to sell the company to Renaldo "The Heel"  and responds by hiring two exterminators who promise to "kill all sizes"  in order to eliminate Odegard and his plan. When Vic, who has been installing security cameras in Trend\'s apartment building, seems about to go back to the store, Trend distracts him with a lecture about "the grand design" and sends Vic on a quest to find his dream girl. The dream girl spontaneously materializes in the form of Nancy , who responds minimally to Vic but is enamored of Renaldo. Victor and several residents of the building including Mrs. Trend  run afoul of the killers and a seemingly random series of slapstick murders ensues, which is ultimately pinned on Victor. The movie is framed by Vic\'s journey to the electric chair for the crimes as Nancy, accompanied by several nuns, races to the scene in order to clear him. Raimi\'s trademarks are here including his 1973 Oldsmobile Delta 88  and younger brother Ted Raimi. Noted Hollywood producer Edward R. Pressman also plays a pivotal role.'] ['Charles Todd "Chuck" Levine and Lawrence Arthur "Larry" Valentine (Adam Sandler and [[Kevin James  are two veteran FDNY fire fighters. Chuck is a bachelor and womanizer and Larry is a widower who tries to raise his two children. During a routine sweep of a burned building, a segment of floor collapses and Chuck almost dies. Larry eventually rescues Chuck by shielding him from the falling debris. As he and Larry are awaken at a hospital later, Chuck vows to repay his debt in any way possible. The incident prompts Larry to realize the fact that death can come for him at any moment, but he has difficulties naming his children as primary beneficiaries in his life insurance policy. One of the ways suggested for him to do so is to get married. Inspired by a newspaper article about domestic partnerships, Larry asks Chuck to enter a civil union with him. Although at first Chuck declines, he is reminded of his debt to Larry and finally agrees. Chuck and Larry become domestic partners and Chuck becomes Larry\'s primary beneficiary in the event of his death. Soon, New York City investigators arrive to inquire about their partnership, suspecting fraud. Chuck and Larry decide to enlist the help of a lawyer, Alex McDonough , who suggests that they get married. Chuck and Larry then marry in Canada and move in together. At a gay benefit costume party, the partygoers are confronted by homophobic protestors, whose leader, a minister , calls Chuck a "faggot". Chuck punches him, causing the event to be published in a newspaper. With their apparent homosexuality and marriage revealed, the pair come under fire: Chuck and Larry are heckled, while their fellow FDNY firefighters refuse to work or even play basketball alongside the couple. Their only ally is Fred G. Duncan , an angry, intimidating firefighter who comes out to a very surprised Chuck. Larry\'s effeminate son Eric  is harassed in school by a homophobic bully - but he surprises everybody by easily winning the fight. During the ordeal, the previously homophobic pair come to understand what it is like to be persecuted, and become more accepting of homosexuality. Chuck becomes romantically interested in Alex after the two spend time together, but finds himself unable to get close to her because she thinks he is gay. Meanwhile, city agent Clinton Fitzer  arrives to investigate the couple. The strain on both Larry and Chuck leads to a verbal fight and also working different shifts, although there was a petition to have Chuck and Larry thrown out of the firehouse. This prompts Larry to confront the crew about their personal embarrassments on the job that Chuck and Larry helped them overcome. After this a call goes out and before they go on the call Larry even goes as far as to say: "Oh! A fire. I hope its not a big one because the faggot who\'s been saving your sorry asses thanks to you is on another shift". After Larry\'s shift is over, Chuck and Larry reconcile their differences. The marriage soon comes under fire, as numerous women provide testimonies as to having slept with Chuck in the recent past, and the couple is called into court to defend their marriage on charges of fraud. They are defended by Alex, and their fellow firefighters arrive in support, after they realize all Chuck and Larry done for them over the years, and how they were treating Chuck and Larry. Fitzer interrogates both men, who testify that they genuinely love each other . As his final demand, Fitzer asks for the pair to kiss to prove that their relationship is physical, but before they do so, they are interrupted by Captain Phineas J. Tucker , who finally reveals that their marriage is a sham and that they are both straight. Tucker attempts to save Chuck and Larry by claiming that he would have to be arrested as well, since he knew about the fakery, but failed to report it. This prompts the other firefighters to each claim a role in the wedding in a show of solidarity. Unfortunately, with these revelations, Chuck, Larry, and other firefighters are sent to jail, but they are quickly released after negotiating a deal to provide photos for an AIDS research benefit calendar. The deal including pleading guilty to fraud, which would reduce the charges to a misdemeanor. Two months later, Duncan and Alex\'s brother, Kevin  are married in Canada at the same chapel as Chuck and Larry were. At the wedding party, Larry finally moves on after the death of his wife and talks to a new woman, while Alex tentatively agrees to a dance with Chuck. The film ends when Lance Bass sings, and little Eric tap-dances.'] ['The film starts with con-artist Chuck Reardon  as a side-show caller at a circus advertising an act featuring his friend Hubert "Fearless" Frazier , as a human cannonball, with \'Fearless\' quickly substituting a dummy at the last minute and hiding in a secret compartment. The flaming dummy sets the big tent on fire and everyone into a panic and the two of them flee. Their subsequent acts show \'Fearless\' doing more dangerous acts, usually getting injured every time. When Chuck brings the next \'great idea\', wrestling a live octopus, \'Fearless\' finally balks and wants to go back to the states. At a fancy restaurant, they\'re sent champagne by a wealthy man, diamond baron Charles Kimble . The festive mood turns sours when the police show up, but Kimble bails them out. They decide to go home to the United States, but when Chuck goes to get the tickets Kimble invites him onto his yacht for a drink. \'Fearless\' is busy packing and when Chuck comes back, he finds out Chuck spent all their money, five thousand, on the deed for one of Kimble\'s diamond mines. It seems like a good deal, until they find out Kimble is an eccentric who would sign over anything and the deed is worthless. Furious at Chuck losing all their money, \'Fearless\' ends their partnership. Later that evening, \'Fearless\' comes back with a fistful of money, claiming to have \'sold\' the diamond mine to some guy at a bar for SEVEN thousand. They start to leave only to be confronted by the same man, Monsieur Lebec . \'Fearless\' had inflated the story a little, so the Lebec and his huge bodyguard want Chuck and \'Fearless\' to accompany them to actually see the mine. Chuck and \'Fearless\' manage to escape and jump onto a boat. Stranded, they are propositioned by Julia Quimby  to help rescue her friend, Donna LaTour , from being sold at a slave auction. They bid 150 in local coin on her to rescue her. Unbeknownst to both of them, Julia and Donna are also con-artists and take half of the payment to get food. Donna reveals to Julia about the seven thousand Chuck and \'Fearless\' have and how she has convinced them to take her and Julia on a safari across the country, not telling them it\'s to see Donna\'s wealthy boyfriend. \'Fearless\' is reluctant to go, but Chuck convinces him it\'s the best way to hide out and really wants to help Donna. On the safari, Donna romances \'Fearless\', but he\'s unsure about her intentions, especially when she cuddles up to Chuck, who seem oblivious. Julia, also doesn\'t like Donna romancing Chuck and casually throws around the name of Donna\'s boyfriend. As their journey continues, with the help of an announcer and a montage, both Chuck and \'Fearless\' both vie for Donna\'s attention. During a moonlit canoe ride, Chuck proclaims his feelings and Donna realizes she\'s starting to fall for him too. Julia tells Donna it would be foolish to give up her wealthy boyfriend for a side show crooner. Chuck and \'Fearless\' continue to fight over Donna, with Chuck drugging \'Fearless\' and \'Fearless\' ripping up Chuck\'s shirt. Donna finally confides to \'Fearless\' that despite her feelings for Chuck, her heart belongs to another. Thinking its him, \'Fearless\' agrees to tell Chuck. Chuck refuses to believe \'Fearless, who is practically skipping, but then Julia comes in and tell them both about the rich boyfriend. Chuck and \'Fearless\' finally learn they\'ve been had from the beginning and everything had been a set-up. They angrily run into the jungle to confront her. While she\'s swimming, a pair of leopards appear and tear her clothes while she hides in the reeds. Upon seeing her torn clothes, Chuck and \'Fearless\' assume she\'s dead. They bury her clothes and have a funeral, all while Donna watches. During their attempt at a eulogy, they admit that despite the fact she lied to them, they both loved her. Chuck and \'Fearless\' start to sing and burst into tears, until Donna sings to them and then they both turn on her. They storm off into the jungle and the safari leaves without them. While trying to find their way back, Chuck and \'Fearless\' stumble upon skeleton-laden caves. They jokingly bang on the drums only to summon a local tribe of natives. The natives, thinking they are gods, adorn them with jewels and give them food. Chuck and \'Fearless\' thinks its great until the natives decide to test them by throwing \'Fearless\' in a cage with a giant gorilla. After a comical wrestling match, in which \'Fearless\' loses, the natives prepare to cook them both, until they use their infamous \'patty cake\' routine to escape. They return to civilization, haggard, dirty and penniless until they hock the jewels they had received from the natives. \'Fearless\' reluctantly lets Chuck go get the tickets. When he comes back empty handed, \'Fearless\' is crushed, until Chuck presents Donna and Julia. Donna gave up the rich boyfriend because she\'s in love with Chuck. When \'Fearless\' asks what they are going to do for money, Chuck springs another \'great idea\' and the film ends with the four of them again doing a carnival act, this time sawing a woman  in half.'] ["At a shareholders meeting for International Projects, a billion dollar corporation, John T. Blessington ([[John Williams  announces that he is replacing Edward L. McKeever , the company's founder, president and chairman of the board, as McKeever is resigning to go work for the federal government in Washington DC. Laura Partridge , a minority stockholder with just ten shares of stock, drives its arrogant, self-serving executives to distraction with her incessant questioning during this and subsequent meetings. Blessington comes up with the idea of hiring the struggling actress as Director of Shareholder Relations to keep her occupied answering letters from small shareholders. He assigns her a secretary, Amelia Shotgraven , with secret instructions to obstruct her as much as possible. The conscientious Miss Partridge, discovering there is nothing for her to do, decides to write the stockholders herself. She gains Amelia's friendship and wholehearted assistance by helping her develop a romantic relationship with office manager Mark Jenkins . When the directors find out, they fire Amelia. However, Laura discovers that Blessington's thoroughly unqualified brother-in-law, Harry Harkness , has driven a competitor into bankruptcy, unaware that International Projects owns the unfortunate company. With that as leverage, she gets Amelia rehired. Still determined to neutralize Laura, the board decides to send her to Washington to persuade McKeever to give them some government contracts. She agrees to go, with the secret intention of trying to convince him to return and take back control from his crooked cronies. However, the company directors recall that he has divested himself of all his shares and is thus powerless, so they brush him off. McKeever takes them to court, arguing that Laura was an unlicensed, illegal lobbyist, but when she is forced to admit on the stand that she had another, romantic reason for seeing him, the case is dropped. However, Laura has forged a warm relationship with many of the smaller investors while working at the company; they responded and sent in their proxies, giving her the right to vote their shares. McKeever uses these votes to replace the entire board. He later marries Laura. In gratitude for rescuing the company, the shareholders make a gift of a solid gold Cadillac to the happy couple."] ['28-year-old slacker/cartoonist named Gordon "Gord" Brody is pursuing his ambition to obtain a contract for a TV show. He heads off for Hollywood, and subsequently gets a job in a cheese sandwich factory. He also goes to an animation studio looking for Mr. Davidson. He is told that he\'s out to lunch. Gord lies that he\'s a cop and that Mr. Davidson\'s wife died. He gets the name of the restaurant and quickly heads there to pitch his idea. After being told that his ideas are stupid and make no sense, he decides to move back home and rethink his future. When Gord\'s father, Jim, questions Gord\'s life goals, and then proceeds in a fit of rage to destroy Gord\'s half-pipe, which Gord has spent a whole year building , he subsequently gets even by having his father arrested on falsified charges of sexual molestation, destroying his parents\' relationship and his family\'s reputation in the process. Gord\'s mother, Julie, ends up dating Shaq. Gord and Jim end up sewing soccer balls in Kuwait after Gord finally gets a TV contract, based upon his family. The event that convinces Mr. Davidson to give Gord the contract is when Gord\'s Dad comes into the office during the interview acting psycho. Throughout the film, vignettes depict Gord\'s day-to-day activities, such as his sadomasochistic relationship with a paralyzed woman named Betty, and Gord\'s younger brother, Freddy\'s, attempts to "go straight" by going to work at a bank. However, he is later sent to a home for sexually-molested children wearing a shirt that says "No More Secrets."'] ['Georgi , an illiterate member of a wandering band of Gypsies led by Yakov  escapes from a travelling medicine show after he innocently lets slip that the elixir they\'re selling is a fraud. Tired and hungry, he wanders into the small town of Brodny and whilst trying to sample the contents of a horse\'s feedbag, he\'s arrested as a vagrant and sentenced to hang the next day by a corrupt police chief , desperate to prove his efficiency. The town is run by a corrupt Mayor , whose employees and councillors are all his cousins and equally corrupt and incompetent, but they are frightened when they learn that the Inspector General is in their neighborhood, and probably in disguise. The band of officials and the mayor want to protect their town and their lives, so, acting foolishly they seal off every road to keep the inspector from entering their town. They mistake Georgi for the Inspector and ply him with food and drink whilst plotting to have him killed. Yakov wanders into the small town and convinces Georgi to stay on as an inspector general and accept the bribes the officials so willingly throw at him. Of course, Yakov wants to seize Georgi\'s misfortune and turn it into a new start for his own life. Meanwhile, hearing tales of his legacy and courageous efforts the mayor\'s wife instantly takes a liking to Georgi, hoping he will fall in love with her and whisk her away from the mayor and his lack of attention to her. However Georgi has fallen in love with a servant and wishes to marry her. Naturally, their plans go awry and Georgi, despite his innocence, discovers how corrupt they really are. And when the real Inspector arrives suddenly, he also realizes that Georgi is the most honest fellow he\'s met since leaving Budapest. The Inspector General names Georgi the new Mayor of Brodny and presents him the mayoral gold chain, having taken it from the old mayor saying, "We\'ll put something else around your neck." Yakov becomes the new chief of police and Georgi gets the girl of his dreams.'] ['Roberta  is an unfulfilled suburban housewife living in Fort Lee, New Jersey who is fascinated with a woman she only knows about by reading messages to and from her in the personals section of a New York City tabloid. This fascination reaches a peak when one such ad with the headline "Desperately Seeking Susan" proposes a rendezvous in Battery Park with the man who regularly seeks her. Roberta goes to Battery Park too, gets a glimpse of the woman ([[Madonna  and in a series of events involving mistaken identity, amnesia, and other farcical elements Roberta goes from voyeur to participant in an Alice in Wonderland-style plot, ostensibly motivated by the search for a pair of stolen Egyptian earrings.'] ["It followed the story of an inept pub team from the 'Wheatsheaf Arms' in a rugby league sevens competition in Kingston upon Hull in England. Ex-pro Arthur's only passions in life are his wife and rugby league. When he hears about the 'Cobblers Arms' pub team and their corrupt manager, Arthur bets his life savings with Reg Welch that he can train any team to beat them. However, the 'Wheatsheaf Arms' can only muster a side of four whose pride lies in their unbroken record of defeat. The pitifully unfit set of men have to accept the help of a coach, who just happens to be a woman. They have to struggle through adversity, come up triumphant and become a team. They are given a bye to the final of the competition where they have to play The Cobblers."] ['Trudy Kockenlocker  is a small-town girl with a soft spot for soldiers. She wakes up one morning after a wild farewell party for a group of them to find that while drunk the night before, she married a soldier whose name she can\'t remember, except that "it had a z in it. Like Ratzkiwatzki [...] or was it Zitzkiwitzki?" She believes they both used fake names and she doesn\'t know how to get in touch with him or even what he looks like. The matter is complicated when she learns that she became pregnant that night as well. Norval Jones , a local 4-F boy who has been in love with Trudy for years, steps in to help out, but Trudy\'s over-protective father , a policeman, gets involved and complicates matters. Before long, Norval is arrested on 19 different charges, and then he finds himself on the run as an escaped prisoner. All seems lost until Trudy gives birth to sextuplets. At that point Governor McGinty  and The Boss  step in and provide a phone call which results in a happy ending for everyone.Meek, James Plot summary<ref nameavg&sql83564&category=Full%20Synopsis Full synopsis] When Norval discovers that Trudy has borne not just one son but six, he faints, and the movie ends with this epilogue on a title card:{{quotation}}'] ["In the 1960s, Alan Quimp is a schoolteacher of English grammar and married with the very demanding woman Daisy Quimp. In order to avoid the constant mockery in Daisy's family, Alan says that he is a secret CIA agent. Daisy tells everybody, the CIA acknowledges the lie, but due to a coincidence, Alan has just helped and hidden the professional Russian dancer Petrov who wanted to leave Russia. The CIA decides to hire Alan as an agent, to get the credits of bringing Petrov to USA, and immediately decides to send him to a very calm place, Cuba."] ['Con men Eddie Farrel  and Lou Pesquino  need cash fast and pretend to be repair men sent to fix a gas leak. The con fails, but they escape. Eddie and Lou find an empty house that they decide to burglarize. When they learn from a message on the answering machine that the owner is out of the country and the man who was going to house-sit can\'t make it, they spend the night. The next day, Eddie and Lou are on the run from thugs sent by local gangster Sal Nichols , to whom they owe money. After they find themselves separated, Eddie takes refuge in the empty house. In the morning, Eddie walks out of the shower and meets Mona Malkin , whose son owns the house. She assumes Eddie is her son\'s friend Jonathan Albertson, the one supposed to house-sit. Eddie plays along, meeting Mona\'s businessman husband Milt , who offers him a job. Eddie decides to run a "love con" on Milt\'s daughter Annie  in order to gain access to Milt\'s money. However, Lou is captured by Nichols. Eddie and his aunt and uncle  conspire to get Nichols off their backs for good. Along the way, Eddie falls in love with Annie.'] ['In this adaptation of Dashiell Hammett\'s "The Farewell Murder",{{cite book}} Nick  and Nora  Charles are back in New York with Asta and a new arrival - Nicky Jr. They are invited by Colonel Burr MacFay  to spend the weekend at his house on Long Island. McFay desperately wants Nick to put his well-known detective skills to work, as he has been receiving threats from Phil Church , a very shady character. When MacFay is killed, Church seems to be the obvious suspect. However, Nick is skeptical. He suspects there is something far more complicated going on. MacFay\'s housekeeper, daughter and various hangers-on all may have had an interest in seeking the old man\'s demise.'] ['Lemmon plays Sam Bissell, a hard-working advertising executive, with two young daughters and a loving wife, Min . An extremely important client, Simon Nurdlinger , is considering taking his business elsewhere when he believes there are no "family men" working at Sam\'s company. Sam\'s boss, Mr. Burke , introduces the client to Sam. The client is delighted by Sam and agrees to do business with him and the company. Sam feels his career is now on the way up and he goes home to celebrate with his wife. There, he meets his wife\'s longtime friend and their new next-door neighbor, Janet , and they all have dinner together to celebrate his promotion and Janet\'s new home. Janet, a beautiful woman, is recently divorced from her husband Howard  and is happier than ever. She has also come into a large inheritance from her grandfather, which carries the stipulation that she must still be married to Howard in order to receive the inheritance. State law dictates that a divorce is not final until a year from final settlement. Since only six months have passed, Janet decides to hide the divorce from her cousins Irene  and Jack ([[Charles Lane  who stand to inherit if Janet is disqualified. With Howard unavailable, Sam is pressed to impersonate him when Irene and Jack arrive for a visit. Having never met Howard, Irene and Jack seem convinced but begin watching the couple, requiring that Janet and Sam  continue the charade for several days. When caught by Mr. Burke and Mr. Nurdlinger, Sam and Janet are then forced into a double charade in which Janet pretends to be Min. The situation begins to unravel when Irene and Jack hire a private investigator to keep watch on Sam and Janet, and Howard re-enters the picture.'] ['George Banks must accept the reality of what his daughter\'s ascension from daughter to wife, and now, to mother means when placed into perspective against his own stage of life. As the comfortable family unit starts to unravel in his mind, a rapid progression into mid-life crisis is in his future. His journey to regain his youth acts as a catalyst for a kind of "rebirth" of his attitude on life when he and his wife, Nina, find how their lives are about to change as well after the couple unexpectedly becomes pregnant. George must now contend not only with his new status as a grandfather, but to also begin again as a new parent just as he was preparing for retirement and an empty nest for him and Nina.'] ['"Joliet" Jake Blues  is released from prison after serving three years for armed robbery. Jake is irritated at being picked up by his brother Elwood  in the Bluesmobile, a battered former Mount Prospect police car, instead of the Cadillac the brothers used to own. The brothers visit their childhood home, a Roman Catholic orphanage, and learn that it is facing imminent closure unless $5,000 in property taxes is collected. The brothers visit an evangelical church service where Jake has an epiphany: they can legitimately raise the funds by re-forming their rhythm and blues band. Elwood runs a red light, and is pulled over by two Illinois State Police troopers who learn of his suspended license. When they attempt to arrest him, he speeds off, escaping through the Dixie Square Mall. As the brothers arrive at the flophouse where Elwood lives, a mystery woman  launches a bazooka attack that leaves them unharmed. The next morning, she detonates a bomb that demolishes the building, which fails to injure the brothers, but saves them from being arrested. Jake and Elwood begin tracking down members of the band. Trombonist Tom "Bones" Malone and the rhythm section, ([[Willie Hall , are playing in a nearly empty Holiday Inn lounge, and are easily persuaded to rejoin. Trumpeter "Mr. Fabulous", now Maître d’ at the fancy Chez Paul restaurant, is harder to sway, but Jake and Elwood convince him by engaging in rude behavior and promising to continue until he agrees. En route to meet saxophonist "Blue Lou" Marini and guitarist Matt "Guitar" Murphy, the brothers drive through a rally of "Illinois Nazis", adding another enemy to the brothers\' growing list. Marini and Murphy are at the soul food restaurant on Maxwell Street which Murphy owns with his wife . Against her advice, the two musicians leave and rejoin the band. The reunited group get instruments and equipment from Ray\'s Music Exchange . Jake is unable to book a gig in advance, but the band stumbles into a gig at Bob\'s Country Bunker, a country bar. After a rocky start, the band wins over the bottle-tossing crowd. At the end of the evening, however, not only is their bar tab greater than the pay for the gig, but the brothers infuriate the band that was actually meant to play, the Good Ol\' Boys. The Blues Brothers blackmail their old booking agent  into securing a gig for them&mdash;a performance at the Palace Hotel Ballroom, located 106 miles  north of Chicago. After being driven all over the area promoting the concert, the Bluesmobile runs out of gas, making Jake and Elwood late for the concert. The ballroom is packed, and the concert-goers are joined by the Good Ol\' Boys and scores of police officers. Jake and Elwood sneak into the venue and perform two songs. A record company executive offers them a cash advance on a recording contract, more than enough to pay off the orphanage\'s taxes and Ray\'s IOU, and tells the brothers how to slip out unnoticed. As the brothers escape via a service tunnel, they are confronted by the mystery woman, whereupon it is revealed she is Jake\'s ex-fiancée. She fires an M16 rifle at them, but Jake charms her, allowing the two brothers to escape to the Bluesmobile. They head back to Chicago with dozens of state/local police and the Good Ol\' Boys in pursuit. Jake and Elwood eventually elude them all, leaving piled-up police cars in their wake. After a gravity-defying escape from the Illinois Nazis, Jake and Elwood arrive at the Richard J. Daley Center, where the Bluesmobile literally falls to pieces. They rush inside the adjacent Chicago City Hall building, soon followed by hundreds of police, state troopers, SWAT teams, firefighters, Illinois National Guardsmen, and the Military Police. Finding the office of the Cook County Assessor, the brothers pay the tax bill. Just as their receipt is stamped, they are arrested by a large crowd of armed law officers. Jake, Elwood, and the rest of the band are sent to prison where they play "Jailhouse Rock" for fellow inmates.'] ["Betty Lou Perkins is a meek librarian and nobody pays much attention to her, in particular her husband, Alex. A criminal kingpin is killed in cold blood and Betty Lou happens to find the murder gun. She is so mousy, however, she can't even get the police to listen to her, including Alex, who's a detective. In sheer frustration, she not only produces the gun but announces that she's the one who committed the crime. Behind bars, Betty Lou meets a variety of hardened and colorful characters. Rather than intimidate her, they actually increase her self-confidence. Once she's released, she begins to dress, speak, and act differently. Unfortunately for her, criminal acquaintances of the victim assume that she must have confessed to the murder for a reason. They conclude that she must be his mistress, and soon the bad guys want a few words with her...or worse."] ['Monty Brewster  is a second-rate minor league baseball pitcher with the Hackensack Bulls. He and his best friend Spike Nolan , the catcher for the Bulls, are arrested and cannot afford bail. A stranger offers bail, if they will come to New York City with him. At the Manhattan law office of Granville & Baxter, Brewster is told that his recently deceased great-uncle Rupert Horn , whom he has never met, has left him his entire fortune but with several conditions. Brewster is challenged to either take $1 million upfront, or spend $30 million within 30 days to inherit $300 million. If he chooses the former, the law firm becomes the executor of the estate and divides the money among charities . In the latter case, after 30 days, he may not own any assets that are not already his, and he must get value for the services of anyone he hires. He may donate only 5% to charity and lose 5% by gambling. And he is not allowed to tell anyone, even Spike. Monty decides to take the $30 million challenge. Angela Drake , a paralegal from the law firm must accompany him to keep tabs on all spending. Monty, who has no concept of money , rents an expensive hotel suite, hires personal staff on exorbitant salaries, and places bad bets. But Spike invests his money wisely, earning Brewster money. Brewster, realizing he is "right back where he started", gets the idea to join the race for Mayor of New York and throws most of his money at a protest campaign urging a vote for "None of the Above." The two major candidates threaten to sue Brewster for his confrontational rhetoric, but they settle out of court for several million dollars. Brewster then hires the New York Yankees for a three-inning exhibition against his Hackensack team, with himself as the pitcher. He is forced to end his protest campaign when he learns that he is leading in the polls as a write-in candidate and should he win, the job would carry a $60,000 annual salary which is an asset by the terms of the will. Blowing his last $38,000 on a party after the game, Brewster becomes fed up with money  and is heartbroken that Spike, Angela, and others around him do not understand his actions. On the 30th day, he finds that the sycophantic treatment he received from his entourage is gone, and he makes his way to the law office. Having withdrawn from the election, he learns that the city voted "None of the Above," forcing another election with none of the candidates running for office again. Warren Cox, a junior lawyer from the law firm and Angela\'s fiancée, has been bribed by the firm to ensure Brewster fails to spend the entire $30 million. Moments before time expires, Warren hands Monty some money previously thought to have been spent and informs him he is not broke. Brewster punches Warren, who threatens to sue. Realizing he will need a lawyer, he pays Angela a $20,000 retainer. At the very last second, Brewster now complied with the conditions and inherits the $300 million.'] [' An eastern cult  is about to sacrifice a woman to the goddess \'Kaili{{Disambiguation needed|dateIntermissionPart TwoPart Three: Later That Evening Ringo lies nervously on Paul\'s bed, waiting for the injection. But before Ahme can proceed, the gang starts to pound on the doors. Startled, Ahme drops the needle into Paul\'s leg and he shrinks instead. Cutting from "The Exciting Adventure of Paul on The Floor", the thugs break into the room and a fight ensues. Ahme flees. Ringo is doused with red paint , thus ruining his best suit and causing him to cry and a swordsman approaches. Foot comes in, shoots a warning shot with his Webley and scares the man away. The gang retreats and Foot makes his attempt to take the ring. Paul unshrinks and John subsequently starts to swing a lamp at Foot who tries to shoot him, but his gun misfires. Blaming this on the fact that the gun is British made, Foot retreats. The boys are left to sort things out. The band flees to the Austrian Alps for refuge but both thugs and Foot follow in pursuit. As the Beatles participate in a game of curling, Foot and Algernon booby trap one of the curling stones with a bomb. George sees the "fiendish thingy" and tells everyone to run. The bomb eventually goes off after a delay, creating a big hole in the ice in which a swimmer  emerges and asks directions to the White Cliffs of Dover. Next, Swami skis down a slope that Ahme told him was the way to get to further pursue the Beatles, but turns out to be the take-off ramp for a Ski jumping contest. Swami is the winner, and inadvertently gets held up by receiving a gold medal. The group escapes back to England and they ask for "protection" from Scotland Yard; and get it in the form of a cowardly Inspector . After being attacked while recording in the middle of Salisbury Plain surrounded by the British Army, they hide in "A Well Known Palace"  until they are almost captured by Foot. The group step into a small pub, where Swami appears to be working. After being served beer, Ringo cannot pick his glass up from the table, so George tips it over, unknowingly opening a trapdoor to the cellar that Swami set up. Inside the cellar is a broken ladder and a tiger. They go summon the Inspector, who tells them to sing the "Ode to Joy" from Beethoven\'s 9th Symphony to the tiger in order to tame it, while everyone outside the pub hear the melody, and join in. Disguised, the Beatles take a plane to the Bahamas, followed by Scotland Yard officers, Foot and Clang. After Ringo is nearly captured, the other Beatles pose as him in order to lure the cult members, who are then arrested by the Bahamas Police. Despite their best efforts, Ringo is captured by Foot, who takes him on to a ship intending to cut off his finger to get the ring. Ahme rescues Ringo by giving Foot the same orchid essence shrinking solution in exchange. The two try to escape the ship by jumping into the water, however Ringo cannot swim. They are captured by the cult and tied down on the beach where they are surrounded by two battalions of Kukhri Rifles. Clang begins the ceremony to sacrifice Ringo, after telling him that the cult members are prepared to attack the rest of the Beatles and police when they come to the rescue and that if Ringo attempts to warn them he will die instantly. Ringo manages to untie himself and tries to wave to his band mates to warn them away. With this act of courage, the ring falls from his finger. He puts the ring on Clang\'s hand, saying "Get sacrificed! I don\'t subscribe to your religion!" Ahme declares that Clang will be the next sacrifice, as he is wearing the ring. The movie ends with "Help!" playing one last time and everyone running around. Clang manages to remove the ring and gives it to Foot and Algernon. They, however, leave the ring in the sand while the police rush about arresting the cult while The Beatles playfully run around; the ring ends up on Bhuta\'s finger and he becomes the target for sacrifice; meanwhile, Mal Evans swims toward the beach and once again, asks for directions to the White Cliffs of Dover. The movie ends with a dedication to "Elias Howe, who, in 1846, invented the sewing machine". The credits feature the characters acting up in front of the camera, with the jewel of the ring being placed in front of the lens. The music playing during the credits is the Overture of The Barber of Seville by Gioachino Rossini, with The Beatles adding their own laughing and comments.'] ['Val Waxman  is a one-time prestigious film director lately reduced to overseeing cheesy television commercials in order to pay his bills and support his current live-in girlfriend . When he is thrown off his latest effort , he desperately seeks a real movie project. Out of the blue, Val receives an offer to direct a big-budget blockbuster movie to be set in New York City. However, the offer comes from his former wife  and her current boyfriend , the studio head who stole Val\'s wife from him. Pushed by his agent , Val agrees to the project, but a psychosomatic ailment strikes him blind just before production is to begin. The movie plays out with an aging director struggling to regain his vision, both metaphorically and literally. It is easy to envision the movie as a not-so-subtle metaphor for Allen\'s real-life struggles during the 1990s to regain  his early momentum in the film-making milieu. In the end, Val\'s project costs $60 million—and flops. Nevertheless, Val enjoys a "Hollywood ending" of his own—his movie is a hit in France. Winning his wife back, he happily proclaims, "Thank God the French exist."'] ['Gaylord "Greg" Focker  is a nurse living in Chicago. He intends to propose to his girlfriend Pam Byrnes , but his plan is disrupted when he learns that Pam\'s sister\'s fiance had asked Pam\'s father for permission before proposing. Greg and Pam travel to Pam\'s parents\' house to attend Pam\'s sister\'s wedding. Greg hopes to propose to Pam in front of her family after receiving her father\'s permission. But this plan is put on hold when the airline loses his luggage, including the engagement ring. At the Byrnes\' home, Greg meets Pam\'s father Jack , mother Dina  and their beloved cat Mr. Jinx. Jack takes an instant dislike to Greg and openly criticizes him for his choice of career as a male nurse and whatever else he sees as a difference between Greg and the Byrnes family. Greg tries to impress Jack, but his efforts fail. Greg becomes even more uncomfortable after he receives an impromptu lie detector test from Jack and later learns from Pam that her father is a retired CIA counterintelligence officer. Meeting the rest of Pam\'s family and friends, Greg still feels like an outsider. Despite efforts to impress the family, Greg\'s inadvertent actions make him an easy target for ridicule and anger: He accidentally gives Pam\'s sister a black eye during a volleyball mishap; uses a malfunctioning toilet that floods the Byrnes\' back yard with sewage; sets the wedding altar on fire and inadvertently leads Jack to think he is a marijuana user. Later, Greg loses Jinx and replaces him with a stray whose tail he spray paints to make him look like Mr. Jinx. By now, the entire Byrnes family, including Pam, agrees that it is best for Greg to leave. Unwillingly, Greg goes to the airport where he is detained by airport security. Back at the Byrnes household, Jack tries to convince his wife and Pam that Greg would be an unsuitable husband. Upon receiving retribution from both his wife and Pam, Jack realizes that Pam truly loves Greg. Jack rushes to the airport, convinces airport security to release Greg and brings him back to the Byrnes household. Greg proposes to Pam. She accepts, and her parents agree that they should now meet Greg\'s parents. After Debbie\'s wedding, Jack views footage of Greg recorded by hidden cameras that he had placed strategically around their house.'] ['John Henderson  is a successful science fiction writer who is finalizing his second divorce. Perplexed by the issues he has with women, John decides to initiate a project that will help him understand what went wrong in his relationships—he moves back in with his mother , occupying the same bedroom he had as a child.'] ["The story is of a bride's mother getting supposedly swindled out of her money by a spurned suitor. The groom's father orchestrates a scheme of his own to set things right. He is aided by a cabaret singer while placating a jealous wife."] ['The plot of Stand-In concerns the takeovers of Hollywood studios that occurred during the Great Depression. Fowler Pettypacker , a Wall Street banker, is debating whether or not to accept an offer from Ivor Nassau  to buy "Colossal Pictures," a fictional film studio on Poverty Row. The studio has not been turning a profit, but financial analyst Atterbury Dodd  advises against selling. He stakes his reputation on his mathematical calculations that show Colossal should turn a profit. The bank sends Dodd to Hollywood as the new head of the studio. Colossal\'s star actress, Thelma Cheri , eccentric foreign director Koslofski , and press agent Tom Potts  are conspiring with Nassau to sabotage the studio. They are deliberately running up costs on producer Douglas Quintain\'s  jungle feature, Sex and Satan so that the film flops and the studio goes bankrupt. In Hollywood, Dodd meets Lester Plum , a cheerful former child star currently working as a stand-in for Cheri. Lester teaches Dodd about the business of filmmaking and eventually becomes his secretary. Under Lester\'s tutelage, Dodd comes to see that the workers are more than just numbers. Lester falls in love with Dodd, but he is initially oblivious to her feelings. When Dodd is unimpressed by a viewing of Sex and Satan, Koslofski puts the blame squarely on Quintain. Quintain had discovered Cheri and made her a star, falling in love with her in the process, but she sides with Koslofski. As a result, Dodd fires Quintain. After an audience preview confirms that the film is awful , Dodd seeks out the heartbroken producer. Once he sobers up from his drunken binge, Quintain comes up with the idea to salvage the film by cutting down Cheri\'s part and expanding the ape\'s. However, before they can do so, Pettypacker telephones Dodd, informing him that he has sold the studio to Nassau, and that Dodd is fired. Dodd convinces the initially hostile workers into rallying behind him to finish the film. Then, he asks Plum to marry him.'] ['Magazine publisher Van Stanhope  and his wife, Linda,  are celebrating their third wedding anniversary. They are very much in love and Van gives Linda a diamond bracelet. However, Van\'s secretary, the beautiful Helen "Whitey" Wilson , is thought by Van\'s mother to be a temptation to Van. Linda refuses to listen to all of her friends and Van\'s mother as she trusts Van. In truth, she has all the reason in the world to trust him, as his relationship with Whitey is strictly business. Meanwhile, Whitey\'s beau, Dave , is very uncomfortable about her relationship with Van as he calls one night while they\'re having dinner to ask that Whitey help him finish work at a party. When Dave asks Whitey to marry him, Whitey refuses, and buries herself further in her work. When Van has to be very secretive to buy J. D. Underwood\'s weekly, for fear that his rival will buy it instead, only Whitey is permitted to know, providing still more conflict between Van and his wife. When Van returns from his business meeting with Underwood, and tells Linda that he has been at the club all day, Linda discovers that he has not been at the club but rather has been out with Whitey, who was merely helping him prepare for his discussion with Underwood. At a skating party, Linda is too sick to skate, but hears from one of the wives there that Van and Whitey are most likely having an affair as Van and Whitey skate. When Linda and Van get into the car, they fight when Linda requests that Van have Whitey moved to another employer. Van refuses and Linda ignores him for the rest of the evening until she calls him back to make up. Van plans a trip for himself and Linda, but when he learns that Underwood is at a conference in Havana, changes his plans and won\'t permit Linda to accompany him while he works. Whitey learns of important information regarding the rival paper, which results in Van bringing her to Havana to close the deal. While celebrating the successful closing of the deal, they develop a drunken attraction to each other but do not consummate this attraction. When Linda calls, Whitey answers the phone, and she assumes they are having an affair. Van returns to New York only to have Linda ignoring him entirely and asking for a divorce. Lonely, he asks Whitey to accompany him to Bermuda as a friend, which she, having fallen in love with Van, agrees to. But realizing that Van will never love her as much as he loves Linda, she visits her on the boat that Linda has planned to take her to Europe. Whitey tells her to go back to Van, telling her that she would be a fool to let him go. After resistance, Linda meets him in his office and they make up. Whitey is then met by Dave where they make up as well.'] ["Harry Dunne  is home schooled throughout his life and finally gets his chance to go to regular school. At the same time, another guy named Lloyd Christmas([[Derek Richardson  , who has been adopted and exchanged several times until he was accepted by Ray , the school janitor, as shown in the deleted scenes - becomes overeager, and gets out of school to get into school. Harry bumps into Lloyd on the way, in search for a treasure his mother  asked him to find, and as if it were destiny, the two instantly became the best of friends. Lloyd introduces Harry to his 'friend', Turk , the school bully whose main function in life appears to be making Lloyd's life hell. After putting Lloyd in a dustbin, he hoists the two friends up a flagpole. Meanwhile, the corrupt Principal Collins  is searching for a way to get a large amount of money to get a condominium in Waikiki. Seeing Harry and Lloyd getting hoisted on a flagpole makes Principal Collins establish a 'special needs' class to swindle $100,000 from the local community. Obviously, Harry and Lloyd are more than thrilled to help, and thus find themselves signing up people who are 'different' for the class. These include a reluctant Turk; a teen named Toby  who broke his leg in a skateboarding accident - and whom Lloyd believes is a 'little crippled boy'; Toby's gorgeous girlfriend, Terri ; geeky Lewis , whom Harry and Lloyd believe is a centaur after seeing him half-dressed in his horse mascot costume; Cindy , also known as Ching-Chong, an Asian exchange student who later becomes Turk's girlfriend; and Carl , a badly injured football player obsessed with his sport. Jessica ([[Rachel Nichols , a headstrong student, is suspicious of Principal Collins' sudden contribution. Jessica asks Harry for information. Harry, who thinks that she is flirting with him, turns to Lloyd for courtship tips. A repulsive disaster involving Jessica's bathroom and a melted chocolate bar scares her father  and directs her attention to Lloyd. Soon, Harry and Lloyd get into a fight over Jessica, without her knowing it. Inevitably, the two make amends when Harry and Lloyd realize that they were nothing without each other . It so happens that the Special Needs class was asked to build a float for President's Day at that time; instead of building a float with George Washington as the main attraction, they change it to look like Principal Collins with repeated recordings of his evidence. Principal Collins is arrested before he can get away, and Harry and Lloyd are regarded as heroes. However, just like in the original film, the duo's advances to Jessica were in vain, since it turned out that she had a boyfriend. As the couple rode off, Harry and Lloyd vowed never to fight and risk their friendship over a woman, again; that vow was repeatedly broken. As the guys head home, they are approached by the Felcher Twins  in a sports car, who offer to take them to a huge party. Harry and Lloyd turn them down, and Harry gets covered in mud and dirties Jessica's father's car at the end of the film."] ["Marjorie Turner has been married for eight years and is tired of her husband Harry's neglect and his snooty relatives, most of them doctors. One day her sister, Jeanine, urges her to break out of her rut and have a fling. At a grocery store, Marjorie allows herself to be picked up for a quick sexual tryst. Unfortunately, her lover dies during the act. Even more unfortunately, the dead man turns out to be Harry's long-absent brother. Complications ensue, some of them involving a blinds salesman -- not a blind one, but a man who sells vertical blinds -- named Meany who feels responsible for the man's death, as well as Meany's brother, a police officer investigating the case."] [' Kenny Dantley  is a car-loving Southern California high school senior. For a project in his shop class, Kenny helps build a customized Chevrolet Corvette Stingray with right-hand-drive. Shortly after the new set of wheels is unveiled, the car is stolen from the streets of Van Nuys. Kenny immediately sets out on the trail of the thieves, which takes him to Las Vegas. On the way, he meets Vanessa  who is a self-described "prostitute-in-training." Kenny finds work in a Vegas gas station, and one day spots his car. He follows it to a local garage, where he has a run-in with the garage owner, Wayne Lowry , before being rescued by Vanessa. Lowry contacts Kenny’s high school teacher, Ed McGrath , and McGrath then comes to Las Vegas. During a conversation with McGrath, Kenny is crushed to learn that this admired teacher of his had arranged for the theft of the Corvette to help himself out of financial trouble. When McGrath suggests Kenny go to work for Lowry, Kenny agrees to it. He will make good money, but secretly plans to steal the Corvette back from Lowry, Eventually, Kenny completes his plans, steals the car back, saves Vanessa from her life of prostitution, wins a wild car chase, and returns in triumph with the Corvette – and Vanessa – to his old high school.'] [' The film opens with the Stooges\' mother  attempting to wake up her three boys without success. "Get out of bed you lazy loafers!" she screams to no avail. Finally, she yanks a rope the leads from the kitchen to the bed where the trio is sleeping soundly. This causes the bed to spin vertically and hilariously until they are expelled - violently. Afterwards, she smacks them around in typical Stooge fashion . Curly receives a letter from the Inventors\' Association, who state that his Gold Collar Button Retriever is "incomprehensible and utterly impractical." Naturally, Curly misinterprets this as a success, and the trio leave their mother\'s home to make their fortune. The mother offers them money, then belts them for accepting it  as they depart. In transit, they are swindled into buying a map leading to a lost mine in the Old West. After actually finding a lost mine, the Stooges run afoul of two down-on-their-luck prospectors (Vernon Dent, [[Ernie Adams , who try to rob the boys out of their dough. Moe and Larry flee to an abandoned hotel where Curly hid the gold in a safe  The miners show up, and they all take refuge in the safe room. The miners drill through the door, which Curly attributes to termites, and throw a stick of dynamite in. After a little back and forth, the stick fizzles out. Believing it to be a dud, the boys burst out laughing and Curly chucks the dynamite, causing it to actually explode. The short ends with hree person shaped holes in the wall, the Stooges dazed, the coins raining from the ceiling, and the miners nowhere to be seen.'] ["Norman Puckle , a well-meaning but clumsy grocer's assistant, can't seem to do anything right. After being rejected by Marlene, the love of his life, he attempts suicide, but can't even do that. He is saved from jumping off a cliff at 'Lover's Leap' by a Royal Navy petty officer. He persuades Puckle to join the Royal Navy, where he'll meet 'lots of girls'. Life in the Navy proves not to be as rosy as it's been described, and Puckle fails at every task during basic training. But despite this, he's regarded by the Admiral in charge of a rocket project to be a 'typical average British sailor', and chosen to be the first man to fly into outer space in an experimental rocket. Puckle fails at every stage of his training and is court-martialled, but successfully pleads for a final chance to prove himself. By accident, he takes the place of an astronaut and leaves Earth in the rocket. Equally by accident, he manages to return. He crash-lands on a Pacific island and ends up in the arms of a compliant local maiden."] ['The film starts in a courtroom where Janaki  is fighting for divorce from Pandian . She offers various reasons for wanting a divorce. She has married Pandian against the wishes of her rich father Vishwanathan Iyer . But she isn\'t able to come to terms with living in Pandian\'s small house without amenities. Pandian is an assistant dance director with a modest income and is not able to spend much time with the family. All this accumulates and Janaki decides to apply for divorce, which is granted. The court orders that Pandian can meet his daughter Barathi, once a week and this is his only solace. His daughter, however, loves him a lot and doesn\'t like the arrangement.  Basha , a friend who works in a hotel as a chef, advises Pandian to steal his daughter from Janaki. Pandian goes about trying to do as his friend suggests. In doing so, he is discovered; and now he cannot meet her at all. Then Pandian finds out that Vishwanathan Iyer has advertised for a woman to look after his granddaughter. Joseph  is a makeup man in films. In conversation with him, Pandian gets the idea of playing an old woman, so that he can be with his child and ex-wife without them knowing. Joseph agrees to this plan and the transformation is done from Pandian to \'Avvai Shanmugi\'-- a dignified, elderly woman who is hired to take care of the little girl. Rathna  is a girl who is in love with Pandian but is constantly rebuffed. Basha takes up the role of a mute Iyer cook and is admitted into Vishwanathan Iyer house on the recommendation of Avvai Shanmugi. However, Basha is caught later while doing his namaz, thereby shattering both lies-- that he is mute and an Iyer. Hilarious circumstances follow and slowly Avvai Shanmugi manages to convince the household of "her" sincerity. So much so that Janaki\'s widowed father begins to develop a liking for Avvai and in fact proposes to "her" too! Around the same time, Mudaliyar , the house-owner of the place where Pandian lives, happens to bump into Avvai Shanmugi. This happens many times and Mudaliyar, too, begins to develop a liking for "her". Meanwhile Pandian slowly begins to realize that Janaki hasn\'t totally forgotten him. Avvai rebuffs Vishwanathan\'s proposals by saying that \'her\' husband is alive. Adding to the chaos, "she" tells Vishwanathan that Joseph is \'her\' husband; while Pandian tells Sethurama  -- Vishwanathan\'s secretary - that Mudaliyar is Avvai\'s husband. There is much confusion after this, but it is resolved at last. Avvai Shanmugi convinces Vishwanathan that Janaki\'s right place is by her husband. While Janaki\'s father goes off to talk to his estranged son-in-law, Avvai Shanmugi reveals \'her\' true self as Pandian to Basha. This is seen by Janaki, who misunderstands the scene and believes Avvai to be an immoral woman. Janaki goes to Pandian\'s house to reclaim him, but upon seeing Rathna waiting there, and Avvai\'s clothes lying around, thinks that her husband, too, is promiscuous. Janaki leaves and attempts suicide, but Avvai Shanmugi stops her. Avvai reveals "her" identity as Pandian. Janaki and Pandian reconcile.'] ["In 1997, Sarah Huttinger, an obituary and wedding announcement writer for The New York Times, travels to Pasadena for her sister Annie's wedding accompanied by her fiancé Jeff Daly. At a pre-wedding party, Sarah learns from her grandmother Katharine that her mother Jocelyn ran off to Cabo San Lucas to spend time with her prep school classmate Beau Burroughs the week before her wedding to Sarah's father Earl. Jeff points out Sarah's parents were married just short of nine months before her birth, leading her to wonder if Beau might really be her biological father. Sarah also discovers her grandmother may have been the inspiration for Mrs. Robinson, an infamous character in the novel The Graduate. After the wedding, determined to find out more about Beau and her mother's past, Sarah decides to fly to San Francisco, where Beau, now a highly successful and very wealthy Silicon Valley Internet wizard, is addressing a seminar. She meets him and he admits to the affair, but assures Sarah he couldn't be her father because he suffered blunt testicular trauma while playing in a high school soccer game and as a result is sterile. The two go out for drinks, and the following morning Sarah awakens in Beau's bed in his Half Moon Bay home. Although guilt-stricken by her behavior, Sarah allows Beau to convince her to be his date at a charity ball, where she meets Beau's son Blake. Beau explains his wife wanted a biological child and was artificially inseminated to become pregnant. Mollified, Sarah kisses Beau and is caught by Jeff, who has returned to California to find her. Following an ensuing argument, Jeff leaves her. Dejected, Sarah returns to visit Katharine, who flies into a rage when she learns Beau has slept with her granddaughter. The two learn Annie suffered an anxiety attack while flying to her honeymoon and wants to talk to Sarah. Sarah tells her sister about the relationship three generations of Richelieu women have had with Beau. She reassures Annie she truly is in love with her husband, Scott, and in doing so realizes she's ready to marry Jeff. It's also revealed that Earl was the one who caused Beau his testicular trauma by accident. This gives Beau some actual nervousness being around him, but brings Katharine great joy and pleasure about her son-in-law. Earl reveals to Sarah he always knew about Jocelyn and Beau's affair. Despite Beau being a fling for her, Jocelyn returned to Earl because she loved him and he was someone with whom she could build a life. On the night she returned, Sarah was conceived. This explained the date difference between her birthday and her parents' wedding. Determined to win Jeff back, Sarah returns to New York City and tells her fiance about her feelings. They reconcile on the condition if they ever have a daughter, she won't be allowed anywhere near Beau. The film ends with Sarah and Jeff's wedding."] ['London-based gangster George Thomason  and his right-hand man, Ken Pile , a beleaguered animal lover with a bad stutter, plan a jewel heist. They bring in two Americans to help: an alluring con artist, Wanda Gershwitz  and their "weapons man" Otto West , an Anglophobe who fancies himself as an intellectual. Wanda and Otto are lovers, but hide this fact from George and Ken, pretending to be brother and sister, so Wanda can work her charms on them. The robbery goes well, with the thieves getting away with a large sum in diamonds. The only problem is that they are briefly spotted during their getaway by an old lady walking her dogs. The group then hide the loot in a safe in an old warehouse. Soon after, Wanda and Otto betray George to the police and he is arrested. They return to collect the loot, only to find that George and Ken have moved it to an unknown location. Wanda, who was planning to double-cross Otto as well, decides to seduce George\'s unhappily married lawyer, Archie Leach , to find out where the diamonds are located. Otto becomes insanely jealous, and his interference, combined with incidences of bad luck, lead Wanda and Archie\'s liaisons to go disastrously wrong. Archie eventually calls off their attempted affair. Meanwhile, George gives Ken the task of killing the old lady, the Crown\'s only eye witness. During his various attempts to kill her, the animal-loving Ken accidentally kills off her three Yorkshire Terriers one by one. This causes him grief, as well as grave bodily harm as each attempt goes wrong. However, the witness suffers a fatal heart attack when her last Terrier is killed, and Ken is ultimately successful in his mission. Wanda and Otto want George to remain in jail, but with no witness he may get off. During the course of George\'s trial, Wanda gives evidence that will lead to a conviction rather than an acquittal. Archie, stunned by the unexpected turn in her evidence, flubs his cross-examination and inadvertently calls her "darling". Enraged, George starts a brawl that leads to everyone fleeing the courtroom. Archie\'s wife Wendy  is sitting in the observer\'s area, and Archie\'s antics confirm her suspicions of his affair . After George is taken into custody, she confronts Archie and states that she plans to divorce him. With his career ruined and his marriage about to end, Archie resolves to cut his losses, find the loot, and flee with Wanda to South America. Promised less jail time, George tells Archie that Ken knows the location of the diamonds. As he is leaving to question Ken, Archie picks up Wanda while she attempts to flee the courthouse. Archie tells her he knows that Ken is aware of the hiding spot, and Wanda counters by noting she has the key to the safe deposit box. While the courtroom drama is unfolding, Otto has been trying to get Ken to reveal the location of the diamonds. He tortures Ken by eating the fish in his aquarium one-by-one, leaving the fish called Wanda until the end. In the process, Ken accidentally mentions the location of the diamonds at a hotel near Heathrow Airport. Otto is leaving just as Archie runs into the building; Otto steals Archie\'s car, taking Wanda with him. Ken tells Archie, as quickly as he can given his stutter, where they are going. The two give chase. The protagonists all end up in Heathrow. Otto and Wanda recover the diamonds, but Wanda quickly double-crosses Otto and locks him in a cupboard. Otto escapes and is briefly captured by Archie, only to turn the tables. He is about to kill Archie, but Archie manages to distract Otto by pointing out that Americans are not always winners - as shown by their loss to North Vietnam in the Vietnam war. While they are arguing, Otto is run over by a steamroller driven by Ken, seeking vengeance for the live fish Otto ate. Archie joins Wanda on board the plane, which taxis for takeoff. Through the plane window, Otto  curses them until, as the plane takes off, he finally drops off.'] ["Seventeen-year-old Susan Turner  develops a crush on Richard Nugent , a sophisticated bachelor who gives a lecture on art at her high school. Susan's uncle, a psychiatrist, believes Richard is an innocent bystander, but manages to persuade him to play along with Susan until the infatuation ends. He reluctantly agrees. When his efforts to shake her off fail, he throws himself into the charade, hoping Susan's older sister Margaret  will put an end to the affair. The film ends with Nugent and Margaret falling in love and Susan returning happily to her high school sweetheart, Jerry ."] ['Elwood P. Dowd  is a middle-aged, amiable  individual whose best friend is an invisible 6\' 3.5" tall rabbit named Harvey. As described by Dowd, Harvey is a pooka, a benign but mischievous creature from Celtic mythology who is especially fond of social outcasts . Elwood has driven his sister and niece  to distraction by introducing everyone he meets to his friend, Harvey. His family seems to be unsure whether Dowd\'s obsession with Harvey is a product of his  propensity to drink or perhaps mental illness. Elwood spends most of his time in the local bar, and throughout the film invites new acquaintances to join him for a drink . Interestingly, the barman and all regulars accept the existence of Harvey, and the barman asks how they both are and unflinchingly accepts an order from Elwood for two Martinis.  His sister, Veta Louise Simmons , tries to have Elwood committed to a sanatorium. In exasperation, she admits to the attending psychiatrist Dr. Lyman Sanderson  that, after so many years of putting up with the invisible rabbit, she sees Harvey every once in a while. This causes Dr. Sanderson to let Elwood out and lock Veta up. After sorting out the mistake, Dr. Chumley, head of the sanatorium  decides that to save the reputation of the sanatorium he must bring Elwood back. At one point, when her daughter asks how someone possibly could imagine a rabbit, Veta says to her "Myrtle Mae, you have a lot to learn and I hope you never learn it". When tracked down, Elwood goes through several ordeals, although he remains largely oblivious to the plans put in place for him by Dr. Chumley, Judge Gaffney  and Veta Louise. In a poignant scene where Dr. Sanderson and his nurse Miss Kelly  follow Elwood into an alley at the back of his and Harvey\'s favorite bar, Charlie\'s, Elwood tells the incredible story of how he came to meet Harvey, and explains the way in which people react when they meet them. In a later scene, he gives Dr. Chumley an insight into his philosophy of life: {{Quote}} Elwood also explains that Harvey has the power to stop time: "Did I tell you he could stop clocks? Well, you\'ve heard the expression \'His face would stop a clock\'? Well, Harvey can look at your clock and stop it. And you can go anywhere you like — with anyone you like — and stay as long as you like. And when you get back, not one minute will have ticked by. ... You see, science has overcome time and space. Well, Harvey has overcome not only time and space — but any objections." In the final scene of the film, Elwood  arrives back at the hospital. By this point, Dr. Chumley is not only convinced of Harvey\'s existence, but has begun spending time with him on his own, with a mixture of admiration and fear. Dr. Sanderson convinces Elwood to come into his office where he will receive a serum called Formula 977 that will stop Dowd from "seeing the rabbit". As they are preparing for the injection, Elwood\'s sister is told by their cab driver about all the other people he has driven to the sanatorium to receive the same medicine, warning her that Elwood will become "just a normal human being. And you know what stinkers they are." Upset by the very thought of this, Veta halts the procedure by banging on the examining room door, at which point Elwood comforts her and explains her tears to others with, "Veta\'s all tired out, she\'s done a lot today".  As Elwood is leaving, Dr Chumley asks Elwood for Harvey\'s help, and Elwood, being the obliging fellow he is, makes no objection. Dr Chumley, arm in arm with an invisible companion, asks \'Have you ever been to Akron?\'. This implied that Harvey will now use his power to stop clocks and mystically transport Dr Chumley to a personal paradise, in Akron, Ohio. After the gates to \'Chumley\'s Rest\' are closed, and Elwood is leaving, he stops, turns around and has a conversation with an invisible Harvey, who is already back from his trip to Akron and reaffirms their friendship. Elwood and his invisible companion saunter off towards the bus stop, following Veta and Myrtle Mae, towards the planned last stop of Charlie\'s Bar and another drink.'] ["Nick and Nora Charles are looking forward to a relaxing day at a racetrack, but when a jockey accused of throwing a race is found shot to death, Police Lieutenant Abrams requests Nick's help. The trail leads to a gambling syndicate that operates out of a wrestling arena, a murdered reporter, and a pretty secretary whose boyfriend has been framed. Along the way, Nick and Nora must contend with a wild wrestling match, a dizzying day at a merry-go-round , and a table-clearing restaurant brawl."] ['Helen Bartlett  is the wife of the honest lawyer Ken . She is a "writer" but cannot think of anything to write and instead lives in her fantasy world of telling lies. When she discovers that they are broke, she attempts to get Ken to take a case of a man who stole hams. Ken finds out that the man really did steal the hams, and therefore does not take the case. Helen is forced to get a job as a secretary for businessman Otto Krayler . While working, he attempts to seduce Helen, which causes Helen to quit the job. However, she discovers that she accidentally left her hat and coat at the apartment. She returns only to find that Otto Krayler has been killed and $12,000 of money the supposed motive. The police suspect Helen and take her into custody. To further complicate her situation, Helen divulges a vivid account of the murder, discussing how she did it and everything, and then says that she had nothing to do with it. Ken represents Helen at the trial and believes that there is no way that the jury will believe that Helen did not commit the murder, and therefore has her plead self-defense. As the trial continues, an obnoxious man named Charley Jasper  believes that Helen did not murder Krayler, but he keeps it to himself. Helen wins the case and publishes a hugely successful novel of her life story. Having earned a fortune, Helen and Ken buy a lavish home on Martha\'s Lake, but Ken expresses remorse that their fortune has come out of crime. Helen wonders if she should confess her innocence, but Ken states that perjury would be worse than the crime she had already committed. Meanwhile, Charley visits Helen and Ken with Krayler\'s wallet and attempts to blackmail them into saying that he  killed Krayler and having Helen put into perjury. Helen then tells Ken that she did not kill Krayler and has Charley confess that his brother-in-law was the real murderer. Ken leaves the house, sickened by Helen\'s lying, but Helen chases after him and lies once more by saying that she is pregnant. Ken then takes Helen into the house in an attempt to teach her not to lie.'] ['Julianne Potter , a 27-year-old New York restaurant critic, receives a call from her longtime friend Michael O\'Neil . In college, the two made an agreement that if neither of them were married by the time they turned 28, they would marry each other. Three weeks before her 28th birthday, Michael tells her that in four days, he will marry Kimberly Wallace , a 20-year-old University of Chicago student from a wealthy family. Julianne is upset that Michael will marry someone so wrong for him, and someone he has known for such a short period of time. She realizes that she is in love with Michael, and heads to Chicago, intent on sabotaging his wedding. Soon after arriving she meets Kimberly, who asks her to be the maid of honor. This sets off a comical scenario in which Julianne must pretend to be the dutiful maid of honor while secretly scheming ways to prevent the wedding from happening. She engages in petty sabotage - for example, taking Kimberly and Michael to a karaoke bar after discovering that Kimberly is a terrible singer - and later asks her gay friend George Downes  to pretend they are engaged, hoping to make Michael jealous. When these tactics fail, George persuades Julianne to do the obvious: tell Michael she is in love with him. On the morning of the wedding, Michael gets Julianne alone and tells her that it\'ll be the last time they ever get to be alone. He expresses some skepticism in marrying Kim, explaining that he and Kim don\'t share a special song like he and Julianne do. Michael discreetly gives Julianne the invitation to tell him she\'s in love with him, but she lets the moment "pass her by". Michael starts singing their song as he grabs Julianne and holds her while they dance one last time. Afterwards, they take a walk and Julianne confesses her love to Michael, asks him to marry her instead, and passionately kisses him. Kimberly witnesses this and runs off, but Michael chases her. Julianne pursues him but finally realizes Michael loves Kimberly. She apologizes and explains that she kissed Michael unexpectedly, but he didn\'t kiss her back because he was in love with Kimberly. After the wedding Julianne tells Michael that he and Kimberly can use their special song until they find one of their own, essentially acting like a true best friend . Michael marries Kimberly, and Julianne wishes them well, consoled by her platonic friend George.'] [" The Stooges are skilled veterinarians at a pet hospital who are the proud surgeons of Garçon, a prized poodle of socialite Mrs. Bedford . When dognappers posing as reporters  dognap the poodle, the boys frantically try to trick Mrs. Bedford by disguising a mutt as Garçon. However, when Mrs. Bedford's maid , who is frightened of dogs, accidentally vacuums a clump of glued-on fur off the mutt's shaggy coat, Mrs. Bedford threatens to throw the Stooges in jail. Desperate, the trio use the mutt as a bloodhound to track down the crooks. When they discover the enemies' hideout, a big fight ensues. Larry and Moe get knocked out, but then Curly defeats both crooks. The boys hear Garçon quietly barking from inside a closet, only to discover that the prized poodle has had a litter of pups."] ["Freddie Franklin  and Peter Patterson  are Americans who are stranded in Cairo, Egypt. They happen to overhear Dr. Gustav Zoomer  discussing the mummy Klaris, the guardian of the Tomb of Princess Ara. Apparently the mummy has a sacred medallion that shows where the treasure of Princess Ara can be found. The Followers of Klaris, led by Semu ([[Richard Deacon , overhear the conversation along with Madame Rontru , a business woman interested in stealing the treasure of Princess Ara. Pete and Freddie go to the doctor's house to apply for the position to accompany the mummy back to America. However, two of Semu's men, Iben  and Hetsut , murder the doctor and steal the mummy just before Pete and Freddie arrive. However, the medallion has been left behind and is found by Pete and Freddie, who attempt to sell it. Rontru offers them $100, but Pete suspects it is worth much more and asks for $5,000, which Rontru agrees to pay. She tells them to meet her at the Cairo Café, where Pete and Freddie learn from a waiter that the medallion is cursed. They frantically try to give it to one another , until it winds up in Freddie's hamburger and he swallows it. Rontru arrives and drags them to a doctor's office to get a look at the medallion under a fluoroscope. However, she cannot read the medallion's inscribed instructions, which are in hieroglyphics. Semu arrives, claiming to be an archaeologist, and offers to guide them all to the tomb. Meanwhile, Semu's followers have returned life to Klaris. They arrive at the tomb, where Freddie learns of Semu's plans to murder them all. Rontru captures Semu, and one of her men, Charlie , disguises himself as a mummy and enters the temple. Pete follows suit by disguising himself as a mummy, and he and Freddie rescue Semu. Eventually all three mummies are in the same place at the same time, and the dynamite that Rontru intends to use to dig up the treasure detonates, killing Klaris and revealing the treasure. Freddie and Pete convince Semu to turn the temple into a nightclub to preserve the legend of Klaris and the three criminals who wanted to steal the treasure are presumably arrested."] ['A group of  professors have lived together for some years in a New York City residence, compiling an encyclopedia of all human knowledge. The youngest, Professor Bertram Potts , is a grammarian who is researching modern American slang. The professors are accustomed to working in relative seclusion at a leisurely pace with a prim housekeeper named Miss Bragg  keeping watch over them. Their impatient financial backer Miss Totten  suddenly demands that they finish their work soon. Venturing out to do some independent research, Bertram becomes interested in the slang vocabulary of saucy nightclub performer "Sugarpuss" O\'Shea . She is reluctant to assist him in his research until she needs a place to hide from the police, who want to question her about her boyfriend, mob boss Joe Lilac . Sugarpuss takes refuge in the house where the professors live and work, despite Bertram\'s objections and their housekeeper\'s threat to leave because of her. The professors soon become enamored of her femininity, and she begins to grow fond of them. She teaches them to conga and demonstrates to Bertram the meaning of the phrase "yum yum" . She becomes attracted to Bertram, who reciprocates with a vengeance by proposing marriage to her. She accepts, but before they can do anything, she is taken away by Lilac\'s henchmen. Lilac also wants to marry her, but only as a means to preventing a wife from testifying against him. The professors eventually outwit Lilac and his henchmen and rescue Sugarpuss. She decides she is not good enough for Bertram, but his forceful application of "yum yum" convinces her to change her mind.'] ['High-powered divorce attorneys, Audrey Woods  and Daniel Rafferty , have seen love gone wrong in all its worst case scenarios—so, how bad could their chances be? At the top of their respective games, Audrey and Daniel are a classic study in opposites. She practices law strictly by the book; he always manages to win by the seat of his pants or by "cheap theatrics" as Audrey says in one scene. But soon they are pitted against each other on opposite sides of a nasty public divorce between famous clients, with the case centering upon an Irish castle, named Caisleán Cloiche or rock Castle, that each future divorcee has their sights set on. Audrey and Daniel travel to Ireland to chase down depositions, yet the two lawyers, who have been slowly developing a mutual attraction that neither wants to acknowledge, find themselves thrown together at a romantic Irish festival. After a night of wild celebrating, they wake up the next morning as husband and wife. Audrey is shocked but Daniel seems to be all normal. They return to New York and find their marriage news has been printed in a popular tabloid the next day. This is when Audrey decides that they should stay together to save their careers. But they are fighting the divorce case with the gusto they always had in the courtroom. Meanwhile they both start developing mutual attraction while staying together at Audrey\'s house. While disposing of garbage one day Daniel discovers some sensitive information about Audrey\'s client, which he spills accidentally in the next day\'s court proceedings. Audrey feels betrayed and asks for a divorce there and then, which Daniel agrees to give. Their famous clients, meanwhile, go to Ireland to their castle, but they are not legally permitted to go there. Judge Abramovitz  sends their respective counselors  to Ireland to inform them that the law does not permit them to be in the castle till a proper settlement, i.e. division of assets, is done. But to everybody\'s surprise the famous couple is reunited and it turns out that the priest who performed Audrey and Daniel\'s marriage was just a servant at the castle and not a priest, and the marriages he performed were just a part of the festival\'s celebration. They were anything but real. Audrey and Daniel are shocked and Daniel returns to New York but Audrey follows him as she realizes that she has fallen in love with him. They have a court marriage at the end which is carried out by Judge Abramovitz.'] [' Celebrating his impending marriage to Tracy Garner, Doug Billings and his friends Phil Wenneck, Stu Price, and Tracy\'s brother Alan travel to Las Vegas for a bachelor party, staying at Caesars Palace. The next morning, Phil, Stu and Alan awaken to find they have no memory of the previous night and Doug is nowhere to be found. Stu is missing a tooth, their hotel suite is in disarray, a tiger is in their bathroom, and a baby is in the closet. They find Doug\'s mattress impaled on a statue outside of their hotel and when they ask for their Mercedes, the valet delivers a police cruiser. Following clues to their steps, the trio travel to a hospital where they discover they were drugged with rohypnol, causing their memory loss, and that they came to the hospital from a chapel. At the chapel they learn that Stu married a stripper, Jade, despite having a long-term relationship with his mean-spirited girlfriend, Melissa. Outside the chapel, the trio are attacked by gangsters saying they are looking for someone. They flee and visit Jade, discovering that she is the mother of the baby, before being arrested by the police. Having been told that the Mercedes has been impounded, the trio is released when they volunteer to be targets for a taser demonstration. While driving the Mercedes, they discover a naked man in the trunk who attacks them and flees. Alan confesses that he drugged their drinks to ensure they had a good night, thinking the drug to be ecstasy. Returning to their villa, they find Mike Tyson, who orders the trio to return the tiger to his mansion immediately. Stu drugs the tiger with the remaining rohypnol and they drive towards Tyson\'s home in the Mercedes, but the tiger attacks them and damages the car\'s interior. After pushing the car the rest of the way to avoid the tiger, Tyson shows the trio footage of them stealing the tiger to help them locate Doug. While driving, their car is struck by another vehicle intentionally; the passengers are revealed to be the gangsters from the chapel and their boss, Leslie Chow – the naked man from their trunk – who accuses the trio of stealing $80,000 of his money and kidnapping him. Chow says he has their friend, and threatens to kill him if his money is not returned. Unaware of the location of Chow\'s $80,000, Alan, with help from Stu and Jade, uses his knowledge of card counting to win $82,400 playing Blackjack. They meet with Chow and exchange the money, only to find that "Doug" is the drug dealer who inadvertently sold Alan the roofies. With the wedding occurring in hours, Phil tells Tracy they cannot find Doug. Following a conversation with "Black Doug", Stu realizes where Doug is. The trio travel back to their hotel where they find Doug on the roof, moved there on his mattress while he was asleep, as a practical joke by Stu, Phil and Alan. Before leaving, Stu makes arrangements to go on a date with Jade the following week. With less than four hours before the wedding and with no flights available, the foursome race home, with Doug revealing he has possession of Chow\'s original $80,000. Despite their late arrival, Doug and Tracy are married and Stu breaks up with Melissa after having grown tired of her controlling his life. As the reception ends, Alan finds Stu\'s digital camera detailing the events they cannot remember and the four agree to look at the pictures together before deleting the evidence of their exploits.'] ["While on a cruise, stodgy, overly-frugal businessman Larry Wilson  gets hit on the head with an oar while rescuing 'Doc' Ryan . He wakes up and remembers that he is actually a suave conman named George Cary; Doc is one of his crooked associates. However, he has lost all memory of the past nine years as Larry. He returns to New York and learns that he is married to Kay , who is in the process of divorcing him to marry Herbert . George talks Doc into masquerading as a physician treating him, partly out of curiosity, but mostly because of greed, after seeing the balance in his checking account. That turns out to be a dead end (the money is only held in trust for the [[Community Chest , so he decides to swindle people using his alter-ego's sterling reputation. A complication arises when he falls in love with Kay a second time. She however wants nothing further to do with her boring cheapskate of a husband. George attempts to win back Kay's affections while simultaneously trying to sell some worthless land to the greedy leading citizens of the town."] ['On Saturday, December 13, 1941 at 7:01 a.m., a woman goes swimming somewhere on the California coast, only to find a Japanese submarine surfacing beneath her. The submarine crew realizes they have arrived in Hollywood, and the vessel submerges while the woman swims to safety. Later that morning, a 10th Armored Division tank crew, consisting of Sergeant Frank Tree, Corporal Chuck Sitarski, and Privates Foley, Reese, and Henshaw, are at a restaurant where dishwasher Wally Stephens works. Wally is planning to enter a dance contest with Betty Douglas, against the wishes of her father Ward. Sitarski dislikes Wally almost immediately, and trips him. A fight ensues, leading Wally to lose his job. Later, Wally takes his friend Dennis shopping for zoot suits and steals a suit. In Death Valley, Army Air Corps Captain Wild Bill Kelso lands his Curtiss P-40 fighter near a grocery store and gas station; while refueling, Kelso accidentally blows up the station. In Los Angeles, Major General Joseph W. Stilwell attempts to bring order. At a press conferences at Daugherty Field in Long Beach, Captain Loomis Birkhead is attracted to the General\'s secretary Donna Stratten. He lures her into a bomber to seduce her but she knocks him out, he lands on the bomb release control, sending a bomb rolling towards the podium just as the General promises "there will be no bombs dropped here." The bomb explodes, though Stilwell escapes. That afternoon, at the Douglas family home in Santa Monica, Wally is told by Betty and her friend Maxine, both USO hostesses, that he cannot enter the USO dance that night because he is not a serviceman. Wally is forced to hide in the garage loft when Ward shows up. Soon after, Tree and his tank crew arrive to deliver an anti-aircraft battery; Sitarski spots Betty and is attracted to her. He is just about to ask Betty to go to the dance with him when Wally falls from the loft. Ward and Sitarski dump him into a garbage truck. The Japanese submarine becomes lost trying to find Los Angeles when the ship\'s compass is broken. A landing party captures Hollis "Holly" Wood who will only give them his name, occupation, and social security number. They see he has a small Cracker Jack compass, but he swallows it, and then escapes, hoping to find the authorities. That night, Stilwell goes to see Dumbo. Birkhead and Donna are at the 501st Bomb Disbursement Unit at Barstow, where Colonel "Mad Man" Maddox shows them the unit\'s aircraft. Maddox, convinced the Japanese are sending paratroops into the hills near Pomona, lets Birkhead and Donna borrow a plane, assuming they are going on a reconnaissance. Outside the USO, Sitarski kicks Wally and drags Betty into the dance. Maxine tags along. Wally sneaks in with a stolen Shore Patrol uniform, steals Betty away, and they win the dance contest whilst evading Sitarski, who is pursued by Maxine. Sitarski punches Wally, inciting a brawl. Tree arrives with his team, just as L.A. goes to Red Alert with an unknown aircraft in the air. At the Douglas\' home, Ward spots the sub. As Birkhead and Donna fly over L.A., anti-aircraft batteries open fire. Kelso shoots down Birkhead\'s plane, then sees the submarine, only to be shot down by two spotters who mistake his plane for a Japanese fighter. Sitarski drags Betty under a tank, but Wally rescues her, knocking Sitarski out. They find Kelso, who informs them about the sub. Wearing an army uniform, Wally commandeers Tree\'s tank and heads toward Pacific Ocean Amusement Park. Ward begins firing at the submarine, destroying his house in the process. The submarine returns fire, hitting the ferris wheel, which careens into the ocean. The tank sinks when the pier collapses. Kelso drives a motorbike into the ocean and swims to the submarine, where he is captured by the Japanese. On Sunday morning, December 14, Stilwell arrives at the remains of the Douglas home. Tree predicts to Stilwell that 1942 will be "the \'really big\' year of the war." The General simply mutters: "It\'s gonna be a \'long\' war."'] ['Wealthy Connie Allenbury  is falsely accused of breaking up a marriage and sues the New York Evening Star newspaper for $5,000,000 for libel. Warren Haggerty , the managing editor, turns in desperation to former reporter and suave ladies\' man Bill Chandler  for help. His scheme is to maneuver Connie into being alone with him when his wife shows up, so the suit will have to be dropped. Chandler is not married, so Warren volunteers his long-suffering fiancée, Gladys Benton , over her loud protests. Bill arranges to return to America from England on the same ocean liner as Connie and her father J. B. . He pays some men to pose as reporters and harass Connie at the dock, so that he can "rescue" her and become acquainted. On the voyage, Connie initially treats him with contempt, assuming that he is just the latest in a long line of fortune hunters after her money, but Bill gradually overcomes her suspicions. Complications arise when Connie and Bill actually fall in love. They get married, but Gladys decides that she prefers Bill to a marriage-averse newspaperman and interrupts their honeymoon to reclaim her husband. Bill reveals that he found out that Gladys\' Mexican divorce wasn\'t valid, but then Gladys tops him. She got a second divorce, and she and Bill are actually man and wife. Fortunately, Connie and Bill manage to show Gladys that she really loves Warren.'] ["Revathi ([[Menaka  comes to the city from a small town in search of job and to have a good life and as it is with everyone her problem starts with finding a house. Shyam ([[Shankar  loves to become a popular singer. His parents are dead against his will. So he runs away from home and needs a shelter. Revathi accidentally meets Shyam who too is in search of a house through the common Milkboy, Chikku . Chikku offers them both a house to rent if they are ready to pose as husband and wife in front of the landlord. Supran , a miserly moneylender who doesn't trust his much younger wife Kousalya  is their landlord. Revathi in search of a job meets Ravunni Menon , a rich man who owns a bungalow in the heart of the city. Ravunni Menon stays with his wife whose name too is Revathi . Gopalakrishnan  needs some investment to come up in business and life. But to get started, he ends having to rob his stingy father  of money that the latter had hidden away out of sight of tax authorities. He is in search of a rich woman he can marry. Accidentally Revathi meets Gopalakrishnan who has come to Ravunni Menon's house to repair the electronic equipment, which he had sold to him. Gopalakrishnan thinks that Revathi is Ravunni Menon's daughter and her beauty enchants him. Revathi comes to know that there is a job in Gopalakrishnan's showroom and manages to get a job with him by playing along with his mistaken belief that she is Ravunni Menon's daughter. She is aided in this subterfuge by the fact that she shares the same name as Ravunni Menon's wife and all of his business interests are named after 'Revathi'. After office hours, Gopalakrishnan drops Revathi outside Ravunni Menon's house, thinking it to be her house. She always enters the bungalow through the front gate and skips out through the gate itself after hiding in the garden until Gopalakrishnan drives away. Ravunni Menon's wife, Revathi, sees her coming and going out of the bungalow and starts suspecting her husband of an affair. Gopalakrishnan frequently visits the bungalow to visit Revathi, who is never there, and Ravunni Menon thinks his wife is having an affair with Gopalakrishnan. Further her encounter with 'Thenga' Govindan Pillai  makes the older Revathi believe that her husband has sons and daughters out of wedlock and, thus, quite capable of another affair now. Shyam in the meantime begins falling in love with Revathi and to make her jealous, he pretends that he is attracted to Kousalya, who in turn thinks this to be true and is ready to elope with him after robbing her miser husband. Pappu plays the memorable role of a completely unrelated character who ends up playing a role of his own  and providing some of the best comic relief of the film. What ensues is a comedy-drama about the different roles that people play in life."] ['{{Plot}} Ellen McNulty  is forced to sell her hamburger stand, so she decides to visit her son Val , who lives in another city. Val has recently married a socialite, Maggie . To help her out, her husband hires a maid and promises to send her over right away. In the meantime, Ellen arrives. Maggie, her daughter-in-law, mistakes her for the maid. Ellen begins to tell Maggie who she really is, but she is worried that saying anything might cause Maggie embarrassment, so she doesn\'t reveal who she is and decides to pretend to be a maid. The next morning Ellen arrives with her things. She wakes Maggie up and when she realizes that her son didn\'t explain everything yet, she keeps pretending to be a maid. She tells him that she will only be underfoot if she lives in the house as a mother-in-law. She eventually talks him into the idea but he doesn\'t like it very much. Maggie\'s mother  decides to come for a visit and she is nothing like Maggie. She is a snob and she doesn\'t like Val one bit. While helping Mr. Kalinger , Ellen realizes that his son, Kalinger Jr. , is taking credit for work actually done by Val and tells Mr. Kalinger the truth. Mr. Kalinger then invites Val and Maggie to the party. At the party, Maggie gets into an argument with an important female guest  after the woman insults her, and Maggie storms out. Val, realizing that this woman carries a lot of influence, forces Maggie to call the party to apologize to the woman. She does so unwillingly, leading to another fight. The next morning, Val and Maggie make up and steal away in a closet for a kiss. Ellen\'s friends are at the door and ask to speak to "Mrs. McNulty". At this point it is revealed that Ellen is Val\'s mother. Maggie is furious with Val for hiding his mother\'s identity from her. She and her mother leave for a hotel. Maggie later confronts Val at his office. Val tries to explain himself but Maggie won\'t listen. She tells him that he has become a snob and that she is moving to Mexico. Mr. Kalinger decides to get Val and Maggie together. He convinces Maggie to come to the hotel bar with him for a good-bye drink, knowing that Val will be there for a party. When Maggie sees Val, she again scolds him for trying to hide his mother and leaves the bar. Val leaves the party and rushes to retrieve his mother. He brings her back to the party and begins introducing her to the \'snobs\'. Maggie, who has come back to the bar, witnesses Val introducing his mother to the woman who had insulted her at the earlier party. Ellen tells Maggie\'s mother that it is time for both of them to leave the apartment. Ellen lands on her feet, however, as Mr. Kalinger decides to marry her.'] ['Architect Steve Ireland  and his wife Susan  eagerly look forward to their fourth wedding anniversary, but her mother Mrs. Cooper  shows up and puts a damper on their plans for the evening. She sends Steve downstairs to mail her insurance premium. He runs into his old girlfriend Isobel Kimble Grayson  and learns that she has just moved into the apartment building, just one floor below. On the way up, the elevator gets stuck. While they are getting out, Steve is struck several times in the head and becomes woozy. Isobel takes him to her apartment to recover. Though she is now also married, she makes it clear that she would not mind renewing their relationship, but Steve is hopelessly in love with his wife. When he returns to his apartment, he neglects to mention his encounter with Isobel, but Mrs. Cooper finds out and tells her daughter, putting Steve in an awkward spot. For revenge, Susan calls Isobel\'s husband \'Pinky\'  and suggests that they pretend that they are seeing each other. He agrees, but Susan goes to the wrong apartment, that of world champion archer Ward Willoughby . He is puzzled, but has no objection to being romanced by a beautiful woman. When Susan learns her mistake, she has difficulty extricating herself from Willoughby\'s apartment. They are seen by Steve and Isobel, resulting in much confusion. Things are finally cleared up, but then Susan is led to believe that Steve was alone with Isobel in her apartment while she was out running an errand for her mother. Susan decides to get a divorce, despite Steve\'s pleas. She hides in Arizona with her meddling mother. Willoughby follows, to better his acquaintance with Susan. The night before the divorce hearing, Steve\'s lawyer, George Renny , spots Susan at a party and tells his client. Steve crashes the gathering, but is unable to change Susan\'s mind. A chance remark by Steve gives Renny an idea - a divorce can be delayed if one of the parties is insane. Steve does his best to act nutty, even pushing his mother-in-law into the pool. However, he had been so eccentric in the past, that everyone  just believes he is drunk. Nonetheless, Renny gets the divorce judge to agree to a thirty-day delay to have Steve examined by the city lunacy commission. When he realizes that he has gone too far, Steve tries to convince the members that he is sane, but the head of the board, Dr. Klugle , turns out to be the only person Steve hoodwinked at the party. As a result, he is committed to a sanitarium. Steve escapes by tricking the head of the rest home, Dr. Wuthering . He returns to his apartment building one step ahead of the police, who now consider him a homicidal maniac. Steve dodges Willoughby and hides with Isobel\'s help. He then disguises himself as his "sister" by putting on some of Isobel\'s clothes and shaving his mustache. He finally reaches Susan, only to have Mrs. Cooper and Willoughby show up soon afterwards. When Mrs. Cooper inadvertently confirms Steve just talked to Isobel at a cafe, Susan finally believes her husband.'] ['Mental patient John Burns  gets the chance to fill in for his doctor when he intercepts a telephone call while being reprimanded in the doctor\'s office, asking if Dr. Baird could fill in for Dr. George Maitlin  on his popular radio talk show. Burns jumps at the chance to escape the hospital. With the help of Dr. Baird\'s secretary, he breaks out and picks up a waiting ticket at the Chicago airport, assuming Dr. Baird\'s identity. Burns arrives in Los Angeles, where he is met by Dr. Maitlin\'s radio show assistant Laura Rollins  and escorted to the waiting limousine. He crosses paths with Donald Becker , a crazy priest who is collecting money to save plants. Becker recognizes the trousers Burns is wearing to be asylum issue. When the time comes to do the radio talk show, Burns is a huge hit, offering people free consultations and using profanity on the air. He even arranges for listeners to go to a baseball game at Dodger Stadium for free . All goes well until Dr. Maitlin meets the real Dr. Baird in London, when they both attend the same seminar. They fly back to L.A. to try to find what is going on behind their backs. Burns has been paid for the show  and is ready to leave town when he sees on the in-flight TV that Becker is on top of the Hollywood sign shouting Baird\'s name. Burns decides to go back and help to resolve the situation, where he is arrested only to be rescued on the way to the penitentiary by Becker and Maitlin\'s assistant Rollins. In the last few scenes of the movie, Burns gives his inmate number "7474505B" which is the same number that Jake Blues had in The Blues Brothers and Louis Winthorpe III in Trading Places.'] ["Arriving in a small Illinois town by train, Casanova Brown is met by Madge Ferris and tells her not to bring up his trip to New York. Cas decides to ask Madge to marry him, even though her father J.J. warns him against it, saying Madge is nothing but trouble. Cas leaves town because of a letter from a Dr. Zernerke summoning him to Chicago, but promises to be back in time for the wedding. A baby girl is at the Chicago hospital and Cas is asked for an explanation. He tells of his New York experience with Isabel Drury, of how they fell in love and decided to wed, only to have Cas repeatedly upset Isabel's mother by insulting her belief in astrology, ignoring her warnings that their union would be cursed, then inadvertently burning down the Drurys' house. After the marriage is annulled, Cas thought it was over. But now there's a baby. Cas disguises himself as a doctor and kidnaps the kid. He then decides to adopt it, but in a hurry to prove he has a stable home life, he proposes to the first woman he sees, Monica, a hotel maid, that they get married immediately. Madge is left at the altar, Isabel comes back claiming it was just a prank she was playing to get even with Cas for leaving her, and it turns out Monica didn't get to marry him after all because they didn't have a proper license. Cas and Isabel decide to give it another try."] ['Sam Craig  and Tess Harding  are journalists for the same New York newspaper in the early 1940s. Tess, the daughter of a diplomat , is an internationally inclined political affairs columnist, a polyglot educated in various prestigious European universities who has traveled the world . Meanwhile, Sam is an everyman sportswriter who worked his way up. A feud in their columns, over baseball, develops into romance, love, and marriage, despite their different backgrounds and worlds. When Sam invites her on a date to a baseball game, Tess inadvertently breaks the "men only" atmosphere of the press box, and is initially confused and unfamiliar with the rules of the sport, before enjoying herself and befriending other spectators. After Sam and Tess marry, a conflict arises over Tess\'s priorities and Sam\'s place in her life. They have several minor disagreements, but a bigger problem occurs when Tess is coerced to take on the care of a Greek refugee child Chris  without having a chance to consult Sam. When Sam initially believes Tess is pregnant with their child, he is thrilled, but upon meeting Chris, he is at first unconvinced about taking on an unrelated orphan with whom he cannot even communicate. Still, he tries to befriend the boy as much as he can, and introduces him to sports. Tess learns that she has received the award of "Woman of the Year", to be given to her at a fancy ceremony. That evening, Sam wonders who will be looking after the boy, and is unsatisfied with her answer of "I\'ll ask one of the elevator boys to look in on him." Sam decides to stay home to look after Chris. Tess is upset—she wants him to be beside her on her big night, and is embarrassed at the thought that the public will wonder where he is. Sam says she can tell everyone he had more important plans, and Tess accidentally offends him by asking whether anyone would believe that Sam could find something more important to do. After Tess leaves, Sam tells Chris to dress and pack. While Tess is at her ceremony, Sam returns the child to the home for Greek refugee children and walks out on the marriage. Tess only learns of this upon her return, when she goes to change for photographers only to discover the men and their belongings are all missing. She attempts to go reclaim Chris, but he refuses . The next day, Tess receives an invitation, addressed to both of them, to go to the home of her father and the aunt who raised her . However, Sam is covering a championship boxing match that evening and tells her he can not go. Tess arrives alone, only to be told that her aunt and her father are to be married that night, after 15 years of "making the same mistake" and saying nothing of their attraction. Listening to the words of the wedding ceremony encourages Tess to attempt a reconciliation with Sam. She enters Sam\'s new riverside home the next morning and starts to prepare breakfast. Sam is eventually woken by her noisy incompetence in the kitchen, and comes to watch her. She proclaims her new intention of being nothing more than his wife and thinking only of his domestic needs, but he believes it is an insincere tactic to win him back. Trying to prove herself, Tess once again tries to cook breakfast, only to fail because she knows nothing of cooking. Sam tells her this is the first time he is disappointed in her—for going to extremes. He says to her he does not want Tess Harding or "just little Mrs. Craig", but can\'t she be Tess Harding Craig? Tess happily agrees, and they reconcile. Gerald, Tess\' inconsiderate secretary , arrives with a bottle of champagne and reminds Tess of her commitment to launch a ship at 8:30 am. Sam takes Gerald outside, the bottle smashes, and Sam returns claiming to have launched Gerald.'] ['Art Dodge , a former artist, is struggling to make ends meet with his art gallery, ignoring bills and delaying to pay his assistant Gloria  and his artist Manny . To survive, he is reading the obituaries and trying to convince the widows that the deceased purchased a painting shortly before dying. Things take an ugly turn when Art is trying this scam with mobster Gene  whose father just died. Not only does Gene not fall for it, but he tries to have his henchmen beat Art up. Art barely escapes by hiding in the Rolls Royce of Betty Kerner, Gene\'s estranged two-time ex-wife and wealthy heiress. Betty is excited about helping the handsome stranger, and the two end up shortly thereafter making love. Betty being very impulsive, she wants to marry Art in two weeks. Because of the heiress fortune the news immediately makes the tabloids. Stuck between Betty who won\'t change her mind and Gene who still loves his ex-wife, Art doesn\'t like the idea of getting married with such short notice but decides to play along for now. One morning, at Betty\'s mansion, Art seductively enters her shower naked, only to realize it\'s not Betty who\'s in there but her sister Liz , an art professor. If Art is attracted to Liz, she stays very cold and distant, seeing him as nothing more than a gigolo who hit the jackpot. Art decides to invent a fake twin brother Bart  who is allegedly a painter who just got back from Italy. Bart and Liz instantly hit it off while Gene still tries to romance Betty. Bart and Liz can\'t stop talking about everything, he plays with her dog and even invites her to Manny\'s studio when he\'s not in, pretending to show her his art. When Liz\'s favorite painting in the studio turns out to have been actually made by Art , Bart gives her the painting. Thanks to his imaginary twin brother, Art manages to pursue a romance with both sisters. Because the two "twin brothers" must never be in the same place at the same time, it however involves a lot of running around, coming up with a lot of excuses and enlisting a very reluctant Gloria\'s help. One evening he needs to go out two separate dates with both Betty and Liz. At the restaurant with Betty, he decides to drug her wine, much to the horror of the sommelier . This allows him to cut the date short and put a very sleepy Betty to bed. He then goes out with Liz  and ends up making love to her. The next morning, Art/Bart has to run back and forth between the two sister\'s bedrooms  as he\'s supposed to be with them both at the same time. In the evening before the wedding, Art spots Gene\'s two henchmen around his house and manages to escape them thanks to his dad\'s help . He tries to spend the night at Gloria\'s but he discovers she started dating Manny. Manny however gives him the keys to his studio where he can spend the night. At the studio, Art starts to paint again when he is interrupted by Gene\'s henchmen who found him and start beating him up, before Gene shows up. When Art proposes Gene to leave town, Gene tells him to go ahead with the wedding and threatens to break one bone for each tear Betty cries. After they leave, Liz arrives to the studio, thinking Bart got beat up. When Bart tells her he is Art, that he fell in love when he saw her in the shower and tries to kiss her, Liz thinks Art is trying to make a pass at her, not realizing Bart doesn\'t exist. On the wedding day, Liz tells Bart his "brother" tried to kiss her, and that the wedding should be called off. Bart needs to "confront" Art in a study alone, with Liz and Gene listening outside -and, unbeknownst to anyone, also by Betty through the phone. When Gene enters the study, he confronts a lonely Art, and again threatens him if he doesn\'t marry Betty. He tells him that what Art or even himself want is irrelevant, and that the only thing that matters is Betty\'s happiness. During the wedding ceremony, Betty, shaken by Gene\'s selfless devotion, calls the wedding off and falls in Gene\'s arms acknowledging she still love him too. Gene and Betty elope. In the general confusion, Liz sees her dog wanting to play with Art and realizes Art and Bart are the same person. Bart then go see Liz, telling her a fake excuse to "go back to Italy" , adding he\'s not worthy of her. A few month later, Art\'s gallery has experienced a dramatic turnaround  and is now very successful. At the inauguration of his work, Art notices Liz who still has feeling for him but is not sure who he is really. Art manages to convince her he is the one she had feelings for, and the movie ends with the two happily walking in the street, hand in hand.'] ['Norman Shields  is a local newspaper seller in London. He is happy with his current job, but is sent by his grandfather, the Prime Minister , to take up a new job as a newspaper reporter in the fictional seaside town of Tinmouth. During his time in Tinmouth he gets himself into all sorts of trouble while on the job reporting . Later in the film he becomes reporter for the entertainment section of the newspaper and covers a beauty contest which his girlfriend Liz wins. They later return to London together, leaving a more politically settled Tinmouth behind.'] ['The movie chronicles the adventures of a Polish theater company before and during Nazi occupation, especially those of the resident ham, Josef Tura, and his wife, Maria. The film opens with the seemingly impossible appearance of Adolf Hitler in Warsaw before the 1939 invasion. We discover this is a local actor, Bronski, who is playing Hitler in a new work satirizing the Nazis. During rehearsals, Bronski\'s resemblance to Hitler was called into question, so he took to the streets to prove himself. His effort fails when a young girl asks for the autograph of "Mr. Bronski." The action then shifts to later that night, when the theater company is performing Shakespeare\'s Hamlet, with Tura in the title role. Bronski commiserates with his friend and colleague, Greenberg, about always being the ones to "carry a spear," instead of having starring roles. Greenberg reveals it has always been his dream to perform Shylock, especially the famous "Hath not a Jew eyes?..." speech. Meanwhile, Maria is inspecting a bouquet of flowers she received from a handsome young pilot named Lt. Stanislav Sobinski. She arranges to meet him, telling Sobinski to come to her dressing room when Tura begins his "To be or not to be..." speech, so they can be sure of privacy. The young man walks out  when Tura begins his monologue — causing the highly-strung actor great distress. Sobinski and Maria begin an affair but soon after Germany declares war on Poland and Sobinski leaves to join the fight. A montage and voice-over show us Hitler conquering Poland, and tell us that the Polish division of the British Royal Air Force is fighting to free its mother country. We cut to this very division, where Lt. Sobinski and other young pilots are singing with an apparent Polish resistance leader named Prof. Siletsky. Siletsky hints he will return to Warsaw soon, but Sobinski is suspicious when he gives Siletsky a message for Maria Tura and he doesn\'t know who the famous actress is. Sobinski\'s superiors send him to Warsaw to warn the resistance. He manages to reach Maria, who passes the message on in his stead. Immediately after, she is stopped by two Nazi soldiers, who have been ordered by Siletsky to bring her to his hotel. Siletsky delivers Sobinski\'s message and invites Maria to dinner, hoping to recruit her as a spy for the Nazis. She pretends to be interested and goes home "to change her clothes." Just before she arrives at her apartment, Tura returns and Maria, Tura and Stanislav end up in a three-way conversation in which Maria and Stanislav try to figure out what to do , and Tura tries to figure out what on Earth is going on. In the end, Tura proclaims that he will kill Siletsky. Later that evening, Mrs. Tura returns to the professor\'s room and pretends to be attracted to him. Just as they kiss, there is a knock at the door. It is a Nazi officer . He informs the professor that he is wanted at Gestapo headquarters, but actually escorts him to the theater, which has been hastily disguised with props and costumes from the play. Tura pretends to be Col. Ehrhardt of the Gestapo, and Siletsky gives him the report containing the names and addresses of the families of the Polish pilots. He also reveals that Sobinski gave him a message for Maria and that the line "to be or not to be" was the signal for their rendezvous. Tura reacts in an insanely jealous way and declares he will have Maria arrested. Noting this overreaction, Siletsky quickly figures out that he has been duped, pulls a gun on Tura and tries to escape, but is shot and killed by Sobinski on the stage of the theater. Tura returns to the hotel disguised as Siletsky in a fake beard and glasses, to destroy the information about the Polish resistance that Siletsky has in his trunk. Unfortunately, he\'s met at the hotel by the real Col. Ehrhardt\'s adjutant, Capt. Schultz, and taken to meet Ehrhardt himself. Luckily, Tura manages to pass himself off as Siletsky and learns during their meeting that Hitler himself will visit Poland the next day. The next day, the real Siletsky\'s body is discovered in the theater. Ehrhardt sends for Maria to tell her, but she is unable to warn Tura in time, and he arranges another meeting with Ehrhardt, again posing as Siletsky. When Tura arrives, Ehrhardt sends him into a room with Siletsky\'s dead body in it, hoping to frighten him into a confession. Ad libbing like a pro, however, Tura shaves off Siletsky\'s beard and then attaches a spare fake beard that he was carrying in his pocket. He then calls Ehrhardt into the room and manipulates him into pulling Siletsky\'s now-fake beard off. This seems to prove that the real Siletsky was actually the imposter, but just as Tura is about to make his escape, the other actors  storm into Ehrhardt\'s office, yank off Tura\'s false beard and pretend to drag him away to prison. This gets Tura out of Gestapo headquarters, but now he cannot leave the country on the plane Ehrhardt had arranged for him, and it\'s only a matter of time before the actors\' ruse is discovered. Now the actors make their boldest gambit of all. The Nazis put on a show at the theater to welcome Hitler, and Sobinski and the actors sneak in dressed as Nazis. Prominent among them is Bronski, initially without his Hitler mustache from the play. The actors hide in the powder rooms until Hitler arrives and takes his seat, and then, as the Nazis are singing the German national anthem inside, Greenberg suddenly appears from the ladies\' room and charges toward Hitler\'s box. This distracts the Führer\'s guards long enough for Bronski, now wearing a Hitler mustache, to emerge unnoticed from the men\'s room and pretend to have come out of Hitler\'s box surrounded by his "entourage." Playing the head of Hitler\'s men, Tura demands to know what Greenberg wants from the Führer, and Greenberg finally gets his chance to deliver Shylock\'s famous speech, infusing it with all his love for Poland and his hatred of the Nazis that have subjugated it. He ends with a ringing "if you wrong us, shall we not revenge?!" and Tura orders his "officers" to take Greenberg away. He also recommends that Bronski/Hitler leave Poland immediately, and all the actors march out, get in Hitler\'s car and drive away. Back at her apartment, Maria is waiting for the actors to pick her up. They all intend to leave on Hitler\'s plane, but Col. Ehrhardt shows up and tries to seduce her. Ehrhardt is utterly floored, however, when the door opens and Bronski walks in disguised as Hitler. Equally shocked, Bronski turns and walks out in silence, but Ehrhardt immediately thinks that Maria is having an affair with Hitler and he has just been caught trying to steal the Führer\'s girl. It\'s the perfect opportunity for Maria, who dashes after Bronski calling, "Mein Führer, Mein Führer!" All the actors take off in the plane. They easily dispose of the real Nazi pilots — Bronski, still dressed as Hitler, simply orders them to jump out of the plane ; the mindlessly obedient pilots instantly leap to their deaths. Sobinski flies the plane to Scotland, where Bronski causes a little surprise when he parachutes into a farmer\'s bale of hay in his Hitler costume and makeup. The actors are soon revealed as heroes. Asked what reward he\'d like for his service to the Allies, Tura hems and haws in a show of false modesty, but Maria quickly answers in his stead, "he wants to play Hamlet." In the movie\'s final scene, Tura is once again on stage as Hamlet and reaches the moment of "To be or not to be." He eyeballs Sobinski in the audience as he begins the speech, but both of them are struck dumb when a new young man gets up and heads backstage.'] ['Aloyisius T. McKeever , a New York City hobo, makes his home in a boarded-up Fifth Avenue mansion, using the back door, while its owner, multi-millionaire  Michael J. O\'Connor , winters in the South. McKeever winds up taking in homeless ex-G.I. Jim Bullock , who has been evicted from an apartment building O\'Connor is tearing down for a new skyscraper, and runaway 18-year-old Trudy "Smith"  who, unknown to him, is O\'Connor\'s daughter. Soon Jim invites war buddies Whitey , Hank  and their families to share the vast mansion while they seek permanent homes of their own. Trudy falls in love with Jim, and when her father demands to meet him, convinces O\'Connor to also take up residence, pretending to be the panhandler "Mike", to win Jim\'s love without the temptation of marrying her for her wealth. McKeever "allows" Mike to move in, but treats him as a servant. When Mike warns Trudy that he intends to have them all arrested for criminal trespass, she persuades her mother Mary  to fly up from Florida and pretend to be the 11th interloper, a cook. Mike has one of his construction companies bribe Jim with a great job offer in Bolivia, but Jim turns it down to pursue his dream. The ex-GIs have an idea to buy a former Army camp and convert its barracks into inexpensive family housing. Unbeknownst to either side, Mike and Jim get into a bidding war for the camp the GI\'s are trying to buy, which Mike wants for an air cargo terminal. In the meantime, Mike and Mary reconcile when she believes he has changed. All are celebrating Christmas Eve together, forgetting to hide as usual from the patrolmen who check the house every night, but the patrolmen agree to let the families stay until after the New Year. Jim reveals that he and his partners have lost the camp to Michael J. O\'Connor, and when Mike later defends his business dealings to Mary, she tells him he hasn\'t changed after all. His dream shattered, a depressed Jim takes the job offer in Bolivia, breaking off with Trudy. Mary and Trudy angrily tell Mike they are leaving for Florida the next day because of the way he has manipulated Jim. McKeever is also depressed and tells Mike he is going to find another mansion to live in next winter. Mike spins a tale that he has arranged a meeting with O\'Connor for Jim and his partners, who are dubious but accept. They are astounded to learn that Mike is O\'Connor. He transfers the camp to them on the condition that they never reveal his true identity to McKeever. That night everyone is reunited and share a celebratory dinner before putting the house back "just the way we found it". They see the still-unaware McKeever off as he heads to the O\'Connors\' mansion in Virginia, and Mike tells Mary that next year McKeever will be coming in through the front door.'] ['The plot begins on Christmas Eve, with ex-con Felix  running from his angry, pregnant girlfriend Gracie  as she chases him down the road. He accidentally runs into and damages a Christmas tree carried by two rollerbladers . When an argument breaks out among them, stranger Philip  unsuccessfully attempts to calm them down. They soon disperse. Philip, head of the suicide-prevention hotline "Lifesavers," receives an eviction notice from his landlord, Stanley  after being unable to pay the organization\'s rent for several months. In addition to him, the hotline is staffed by cranky Mrs. Munchnik  and the overly emotional and empathetic Catherine . He, who does not inform his coworkers of the eviction, attempts to convince his girlfriend Susan   to grant him a small loan. She refuses the loan before telling him that she has been secretly dating a psychiatrist for four months and is breaking up with him. Despite Catherine\'s expectation that "you\'d expect everyone to be thinking of jumping out of windows or slitting their wrists on Christmas Eve," the staff has received few calls. There is one phone call from a woman who is frightened by a notorious Los Angeles serial killer dubbed "the Seaside Strangler," and another from Chris , a transvestite, who convinces Philip to disclose Lifesavers\' office address. Meanwhile, an elevator malfunction leaves Mrs. Munchnik trapped on her way to Christmas Eve dinner. Philip eventually manages to pull her to the top of the elevator car when Gracie arrives and attempts to operate it. They are terrified that they will be crushed by the ceiling of the elevator shaft, but eventually they all manage to return to the office. Felix arrives, begging Gracie to listen to him, and she throws a fruitcake at him, causing a large cut on his forehead. Philip and Catherine take him to a veterinarian to be treated for his head wound. While the doctor is distracted, he steals and quickly overdoses on dog tranquilizers and is taken to a hospital. Meanwhile at the office, the doorbell rings. Gracie quickly throws the door open, accidentally striking Mrs. Munchnik and revealing Chris in the doorway. She leaves him to care for the unconscious Mrs. Munchnik. When Philip returns, Chris is sitting on the sofa and convinces him to dance with him. When Mrs. Munchnik revives, she witnesses the dancing and threatens to sue Philip for withholding information of the eviction and for "inappropriate office behavior" before leaving. Felix arrives at the office brandishing a gun, having escaped from the hospital. Chris gets shot in the foot after attempting to disarm him. Gracie takes it and shoots wildly around the office to empty it of ammunition. Two shots go through the front door, killing Stanley, who was standing behind it with a bag of his possessions. The sight of the deceased Stanley puts Catherine in shock. Philip prepares a bath to calm her down, realizes that he is strongly attracted to her, and they have sex. Gracie and Felix disguise the dead body as a Christmas tree, and the decision is made to take the "tree" and the bag to the boardwalk and leave it there. As they all carry the body down the street, they encounter the now-vengeful rollerbladers, who barrel through the group. Felix tosses the tree and it crashes to the ground, revealing Stanley\'s body. When the police arrive, he falsely confesses to the killing, but Gracie pulls out the gun as proof of her guilt. He grabs it and runs to the roof of a nearby building, where he threatens to commit suicide. Philip soon convinces him to climb down, to much applause. Catherine hands Stanley\'s bag to the detectives, who search it. They find fishing line and kelp, the weapons of choice for the Seaside Strangler. For killing the criminal, Gracie will receive the reward of $250,000. She offers to pay for Lifesavers\' moving expenses, then promptly goes into labor. She gives birth in the first few hours of Christmas Day in a scene that resembles the Christian nativity scene. Philip then asks Catherine to marry him.'] ["{{Expand section}} Psychiatrist Dr. Tony Flagg  does his friend Stephen Arden  a favor by taking on his fiancee, Amanda Cooper , as a patient. Amanda, a singer on the radio, can't seem to make a decision about Stephen's many proposals of marriage, so Tony probes her subconscious, but in the process Amanda falls in love with him. He brings her interest back to Stephen with hypnosis, but then realizes that he also loves her and tries to hypnotize her again, leading to conflict with Stephen. Five minutes away from the wedding, he breaks into her dressing room with his assistant Connors  and gets the chance to talk to her subconcious again when Stephen accidentally hits her instead of Tony. In the end, the two marry, much to the surprise of the guests."] ['Sid  has just been hired as superintendent of the Sleeptite Pajama Factory in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. He soon falls for Babe , a worker in the factory and member of the employee union\'s leadership. At the company picnic they become a couple, but Babe worries that their roles in management and labor will drive them apart. She is correct. The union is pushing for a raise of seven-and-one-half cents per hour to bring them in line with the industry standard, but the factory\'s manager is giving them a runaround. In retaliation, the workers pull a slow-down and deliberately foul up the pajamas, but when Babe actually sabotages some machinery, Sid fires her. Meanwhile, Sid has been wondering what secrets the manager is hiding in his locked account book. To that end, he takes Gladys , the boss\' assistant, on a date to the local hot spot, "Hernando\'s Hideaway," despite her insanely jealous boyfriend \'Hine-sie\' . He gets Gladys drunk, and in this state, she lends him the key to the locked book. Returning to the factory, Sid discovers that the manager reported the raise as having been instituted months ago. He has been pocketing the difference himself. Sid threatens to send the book to the board of directors if the raise isn\'t paid immediately. At the union meeting that evening, the manager agrees to the raise. When Babe realizes that it was Sid who engineered the raise and that he has only been attempting to avoid labor strife, she returns to him.'] [' Dan McGinty  is a bartender in a banana republic who recounts his rise and fall to the bar\'s dancing girl and an exiled American down on his luck. McGinty\'s career begins when he was a tramp who, cajoled into voting under a false name in order to get $2, he impresses a local political boss  by voting thirty-seven times in a rigged mayoral election. McGinty becomes one of the boss\'s enforcers, then his political protégé, makes a marriage of convenience, wins the mayor\'s job as a "reform" candidate, then goes on to the governor\'s mansion before a change of heart compels him to take public service seriously after he and his wife finally fall in love. His past catches up with him though: he is imprisoned in the next cell to his former mentor. The two men escape and go into exile together, but are still given to violent disagreements.'] ["Thomas Kresk is a loser—he isn't good at his job, he's been tossed out of his home, and his wife just dumped him for the marriage counselor. Now he's depressed, and contemplating suicide. And yes, things get worse: a criminal named Avnet  has stolen three priceless coins, and decided to blackmail Bollingsworth , his billionaire partner in crime. After Kresk overhears this, he almost gets shot—and Avnet ends up impaled on a pair of barbers' scissors. Now Kresk is in a considerably nastier situation, so he steals the gun and the coins. But things take a sharp turn when he hires a hit man named Mikey , and discovers that the hit man is only seventeen and emotionally traumatized by his parents' suicide. And that Kresk is falling for the cop/Playboy model Sgt. Meredith Kolko , and that his nephew Scottie  has now swallowed the coins. Now Kresk is in over his head, and has to deal with the strange and sometimes dangerous people around him."] ["Basil Underwood and Joyce Arden are an egotistical acting team known for their romantic scenes on stage and fiery temperaments off. Although they deeply love each other, their frequent spats over the years have kept them from tying the knot. Comic complications ensue when Basil postpones their latest marriage plans in order to attempt to diminish the ardor of star-struck heiress Marcia West at the request of her fiancé Henry Grant. When Basil's boorish behavior fails to bother Marcia, who is all-too-willing to submit to his charms, he begins to capitalize on her infatuation with him, much to Joyce's dismay. The sceenplay allows Leslie Howard to draw on his classical background by having his character quote lines from Macbeth, Hamlet, The Taming of the Shrew, and Romeo and Juliet."] ['During the Great Depression, Godfrey "Smith"  is living alongside other men down on their luck at the city dump. One night, spoiled socialite Cornelia Bullock  offers him five dollars to be her "forgotten man" for a scavenger hunt. Annoyed, he advances on her, causing her to retreat and fall on a pile of ashes. She leaves in a fury, much to the glee of her younger sister, Irene . After talking with her, Godfrey finds her to be kind, if a bit scatter-brained. He offers to go with Irene to help her beat Cornelia. In the ballroom of the Waldorf-Ritz Hotel, Irene\'s long-suffering businessman father, Alexander Bullock , waits resignedly as his ditsy wife, Angelica , and her mooching "protégé" Carlo  play the frivolous game. Godfrey arrives and is "authenticated" by the scavenger hunt judge as a "forgotten man". He then addresses the idle rich, expressing his contempt for their antics. Irene is apologetic and offers him a job as the family butler, which he gratefully accepts. The next morning, Godfrey is shown what to do by the sardonic, wise-cracking maid, Molly , the only servant who has been able to put up with the antics of the family. She warns him that he is just the latest in a long line of butlers. Only slightly daunted, he proves to be surprisingly competent, although Cornelia still holds a sizeable grudge. On the other hand, Irene considers Godfrey to be her protégé, and is thrilled by his success. A complication arises when a guest, Tommy Gray , greets Godfrey familiarly as an old friend. Godfrey quickly ad-libs that he was Tommy\'s valet at school. Tommy plays along, mentioning Godfrey\'s non-existent wife and five children. Dismayed, Irene impulsively announces her engagement to the surprised Charlie Van Rumple , but she soon breaks down in tears and flees after being politely congratulated by Godfrey. Over lunch the next day, Tommy is curious to know what one of the elite "Parkes of Boston" is doing as a servant. Godfrey explains that a broken love affair had left him considering suicide, but the optimistic, undaunted attitude of the men living at the dump rekindled his spirit. Meanwhile, when everything she does to make Godfrey\'s life miserable fails, Cornelia sneaks into his room and plants her pearl necklace under his mattress. She then calls the police to report her "missing" jewelry. To Cornelia\'s surprise, the pearls do not turn up, even when she suggests they check Godfrey\'s bed. Mr. Bullock realizes his daughter has orchestrated the whole thing and sees the policemen out.  The Bullocks then send their daughters off to Europe to get Irene away from Godfrey. When they return, Cornelia implies that she intends to seduce Godfrey. Worried, Irene stages a fainting spell and falls into Godfrey\'s arms. He carries her to her bed, but while searching for smelling salts, he realizes she\'s faking when he sees her  sit up briefly. In revenge, he puts her in the shower and turns on the cold water full blast. Far from quenching her attraction, this merely confirms her hopes: "Oh Godfrey, now I know you love me...You do or you wouldn\'t have lost your temper." When confronted by the rest of the family, Godfrey quits. But Mr. Bullock has more pressing concerns. He first has a private "little chat" with Carlo, throwing the freeloader out. He then announces that his business is in dire financial straits and that he might even be facing criminal charges. Godfrey interrupts with unexpected good news—realizing Mr. Bullock\'s problems, Godfrey had sold short, using money raised by pawning Cornelia\'s necklace, then buying up the stock that Bullock had sold. He endorses over the stock certificates to the stunned Mr. Bullock, saving the family from financial ruin. He also returns the necklace to a humbled Cornelia, who apologizes for her attempt to frame him. Afterwards, Godfrey takes his leave. With the rest of his stock profits and reluctant business partner Tommy Gray\'s backing, Godfrey has built a fashionable nightclub at the dump, "...giving food and shelter to fifty people in the winter, and giving them employment in the summer." Godfrey tells Tommy he quit being the Bullocks\' butler because "he felt that foolish feeling coming along again." Later on, though, Irene tracks him down and bulldozes him into marriage, saying, "Stand still, Godfrey, it\'ll all be over in a minute."'] ['John Cleves  is a businessman with an office in New York and a home in New Jersey. On one day of each week, Wednesday, he spends the night in the city, lying to wife Dorothy  that he is out of town on business when he actually is seeing Ellen, his mistress . A business client, Cass Henderson , comes to town and is unable to find a hotel room for the night. Cleves\' new secretary knows of an "executive suite" the boss maintains in town, so Cass is sent there for the night. When he meets Ellen, he mistakenly assumes she is a certain kind of lady hired by Cleve to entertain him. The secretary compounds the error by telling Dorothy about the apartment. She goes there and discovers Ellen and Cass, assuming them to be a young couple. The women take a liking to each other so Dorothy invites them to spend an evening out on the town with her and John. Dorothy eventually catches on to what her husband is up to and leaves him. Ellen invites her to use the apartment. John goes there and tries to win his wife\'s love back, but she just tells her husband to come visit her on any Wednesday.'] ['At 3:00 am, Melsa takes her little dogs for a walk. Near a subway construction site, she sees Ronnie Belden run out of a house and drive away. The house is for sale by Sheila Lane, the wife of George Lane, a wealthy banker. Inside, Melsa finds a diamond brooch and Mr. Lane\'s dead body. As she runs for help, her cloak falls off with the brooch inside it. When the police arrive, the body, cloak, and brooch are gone. Melsa and her friends are notorious pranksters, so the detective, Lieutenant Mike Brent , does nothing to investigate the murder. Ames writes an editorial decrying Melsa\'s "prank", and she sues him for libel. Melsa and her friends decide they must find the murderer in order to defend their reputation. The resulting manhunt includes searches of the Lane house, Belden\'s apartment, Lane\'s business office, and all of the local beauty shops; two attempts to intimidate Melsa; two shooting attempts on her life; a charity ball; and a trap set for the murderer using Melsa as bait. During this time, the women twice attack Ames and tie him up, Melsa\'s friend Myra enthusiastically flirts with Ames, and their friend Pat eats incessantly. In the course of these events, the following facts emerge: * George Lane has been out of town for a week. * Sheila Lane hasn\'t been seen since the day of the murder. * Sheila and Belden may be having an affair. * Belden\'s apartment contains the brooch, a knife just like one used to intimidate Melsa, and Belden\'s dead body. * Lane\'s body is found in Belden\'s car. * George Lane left an insurance policy with his business partner Mr. Thomas as beneficiary. * Thomas has been going broke. * Someone may have been blackmailing Lane. * Sheila was once married to a convict named Edward Norris. * Norris was at a hockey game at the time of the murders, but left the game for ten minutes. * Norris has a job working for the subway. * Traveling from the hockey rink to the Lane house and back requires more than ten minutes using all standard forms of transportation. * George Lane recently lost money gambling. * Sheila Lane was hiding from the killer. * Sheila and Belden met at the Lane house after Lane was killed. They couldn\'t call the police without exposing their affair, and Belden was killed while moving Mr. Lane\'s body. While Brent repeatedly accuses innocent people based on incorrect theories, Melsa deduces that Belden removed the body and cloak from the Lane house before the police arrived. Near the end of the film, an escaping would-be killer leaves behind a piece of tar paper, which reminds Melsa of the subway construction site. Returning to the site, she finds a fast electric cart on the track. This is how Norris made his way to and from the crime scene in ten minutes. Norris is captured after confessing to the murders and briefly holding Melsa and Ames at gunpoint. During the film, the relationship between Melsa and Ames evolves from sharp animosity to love and marital engagement. Melsa appears to be hostile toward Ames during most of the film, while he almost immediately decides that he\'s going to marry her and begins to woo her aggressively. She stabs him in the leg with a fork in retaliation for a treacherous trick he played on her, but they have a friendly chat early in the story, and a longer, more heart-to-heart conversation later. After the police rescue them from Norris, the film ends with Melsa and Ames planning their honeymoon.'] [' The film opens in a Manhattan radio studio during a broadcast by crime reporter Lawrence Lawrence —"Larry" to his friends, as well as his enemies, who are many in number among the local underworld. Listening in on the broadcast is pretty brunette Mary Carter , whose high-rise hotel room goes dark as a violent thunderstorm causes a city-wide blackout. In the near darkness, a knock comes at her door. It is Mr. Parada , a suave, vaguely sinister Cuban solicitor. He delivers the deed to her inherited plantation and mansion, "Castillo Maldito," on a small island off the coast of Cuba. Despite Parada\'s discouragement, she impulsively decides to travel to Cuba by ship to inspect her new property. During Parada\'s visit, Mary receives a telephone call from Mr. Mederes , an even more sinister gent who warns Mary not to sell the newly inherited property to Parada. Mary agrees to meet Mederes later. Meanwhile, after Larry Lawrence has finished broadcasting the evening\'s exposé of a local crime boss, he receives a telephone call from the crime boss, Frenchy Duval . Frenchy invites Larry to his hotel to discuss the broadcast so he can "give it" to him straight. Coincidentally, Frenchy is living in the same hotel where Mary Carter lives. Mederes arrives on the same hotel floor as Larry. However, Mederes is looking for Parada. Mederes confronts Parada and Parada shoots and kills him. Larry hears the shot and fires his gun at random. In a mix-up in the still-darkened building, Larry sees the body and believes he\'s killed one of Duval\'s henchmen. In the confusion he finds himself in the rooms of Mary Carter, who is already busy packing for her journey. Believing that he is being pursued by Duval\'s men, Larry hides in Mary\'s large open trunk. Unaware of Larry\'s presence, Mary locks the trunk and arranges for its transport to the harbor. Later at the dock, Larry\'s valet Alex  searches among the luggage bound for loading and finds Larry among them. Although not in time to prevent the trunk\'s transfer to the ship\'s hold, Alex manages to get on board, hoping to extricate his employer before the ship sails. Once in her stateroom, Mary is surprised to unpack Larry along with the rest of her belongings. Larry and Alex decide to remain on board, partly to act as bodyguards to the plucky beauty, but also to keep out of reach of Frenchy Duval and the police. As Larry and Mary strike up a flirtation, they run into an acquaintance of Mary\'s, Geoff Montgomery ([[Richard Carlson , a young professorial type who regales them with tales of the local superstitions of their destination, particularly voodoo, ghosts and zombies. Upon reaching port in Havana, Mary, Larry, Alex go to the island. En route they find a shack occupied by an old woman  and her catatonic son , whom they believe is a zombie. The imposing plantation manor proves to be a spooky edifice indeed. They begin to explore the long-abandoned, cobweb-ridden mansion, and discover a large portrait of a woman who is nearly an exact likeness of Mary—most certainly an ancestor. Soon they are terrorized by the appearance of a ghost, and the reappearance of the zombie. Are these real, or are they a ruse to frighten Mary away from her inheritance?'] ["Claudia Larson is a single mom who has just been fired from her job as an art restorer due to budget cuts. She flies to spend Thanksgiving at the home of her parents, Adele and Henry Larson, while her only child Kitt decides to stay home and spend the holiday with her boyfriend. Kitt informs Claudia that she intends to have sex with her boyfriend. The family gathering also includes Claudia's resentful, conservative sister, Joanne Larson Wedman, her stuffy banker husband Walter and their two spoiled children. Also there is Claudia's gay brother Tommy and his new friend Leo Fish, along with their eccentric aunt Glady. Tommy has been in a long term relationship with another man, Jack, so Claudia can't understand what he is doing here with a new guy by his side. But it turns out Leo has come along for the holidays to be introduced to Claudia. Tommy, it turns out, married Jack. After a hectic, argument-filled Thanksgiving, when Claudia boards a plane home, Leo goes with her."] ['The film begins with 21-year-old Toni Simmons trudging across the road at night to mail a letter. Toni then returns to her apartment and attempts to gas herself using a "second-hand" stove. Fortunately, her neighbor, Igor Sullivan, smells the gas and rescues her from imminent death using rescue breathing, which evolves into a French kiss after Toni regains consciousness. The movie then explores the reasons for the suicide attempt. Toni\'s lover Julian, a dentist and philanderer, had previously avoided commitment by telling Toni he had a wife and two kids. Upon learning of Toni\'s suicide attempt, he decides to marry Toni, resulting in his need for a wife to divorce in order to sustain his earlier alibi. Julian asks Stephanie Dickinson, his longtime dental assistant, to pose as his wife. At first unwilling, she ultimately relents, since she has long nurtured a crush on her employer. Upon meeting Miss Dickinson, Toni senses Miss Dickinson\'s feelings for Julian and asks Julian to help Miss Dickinson find another man, so that everyone would be happy. Julian\'s friend Harvey, one Señor Arturo Sánchez, and Igor, Toni\'s upstairs neighbor, all become implicated in Julian\'s scheme. Ultimately, Toni suspects Julian and leaves him for Igor, leaving Julian to finally fall in love with Miss Dickinson. The prickly cactus Miss Dickinson keeps on her desk in the office gives the film its name. Like Miss Dickinson, the symbolic cactus thrives in the driest of settings. By film\'s end, however, both cactus and Miss Dickinson have "bloomed".'] ["Two Irish actors  flee from 1988 Belfast after a violent confrontation with a leader  of the IRA and illegally enter Australia. Seeking acting work, the two fear immigration officers. McKeown happens to get selected as the bachelor on a TV dating game and wins a trip to Queensland just as the pair's apartment is raided by immigration. McKee escapes just in time and joins his friend. Meanwhile, the IRA leader is sent to Australia in a witness protection program after he gives up some of his former colleagues. The two then spend the remainder of the movie being pursued by the immigration officers and the vengeful IRA head.<ref namehttp://www.sbs.com.au/films/movie/1354/Craic,-The#readreview|titleDavid Stratton, Margaret Pomeranz|yearSBS Television|language17 April 2010}}"] ["Dr. Jeff Weitzman  is a psychologist working in a sanitarium in New Jersey. His primary patients are Billy, Henry, Jack and Albert. Billy  is the most normal of the group and their unofficial leader, though he is a pathological liar with delusions of grandeur and violent tendencies. Henry  is obsessive/compulsive and he has deluded himself into thinking he is one of the doctors at the hospital, often walking around with a clipboard, lab coat and stethoscope. Jack  is a former advertising executive who believes he is Jesus Christ. Finally, Albert  is a man-child who only says things what he hears during baseball games, particularly from former ball player and commentator Phil Rizzuto. Convinced that his patients need some fresh air and some time away from the sanitarium, Dr. Weitzman persuades the administration to allow him to take them to a baseball game at Yankee Stadium. Unfortunately, he accidentally encounters two crooked cops just as they murder another officer. The doctor then gets knocked unconscious trying to get away and is put in the hospital. The group is now stranded in New York City, forced to cope with a place which is often more bizarre than their sanitarium. One of the both comic and serious plot twists is that the inmates have to listen to Albert's baseball jargon in order to get clues as to what happened to Dr. Weitzman, because he is the only one who witnessed it . Two other running gags throughout the film are: Henry's threats to report psychologically disturbing behavior of the other patients ; and Billy's violent, unpredictable but ultimately harmless behavior in several different scenarios. A lesser gag is Jack, in his persona as Jesus Christ, causing a rousing sermon at a black church, only for the parishoners to come to their senses and expel him , and the other three patients get Jack new  clothes from an army surplus store. After Dr. Weitzman's beating and coma, it is up to the patients to save their doctor from being murdered by the crooked cops. They end up having to both use and overcome their delusions and disorders in order to save the only man who ever tried to help them, with both the police and the killers looking for them. Three revisit scenes from their pasts: Billy , Henry , and Jack . As each patient does so individually, they each behave in a sane, clear manner, Henry genuinely missing his family, Billy wishing to pursue a stronger relationship, and Jack appealing to his boss that he and his friends are in trouble . Throughout the film there are minor scenes showing the interaction between the two crooked police officers  and what their plans are in framing the patients for the murder of Officer Alvarez earlier in the film."] ["Christy Sloane  is sent to Los Angeles on a business trip to inform Peter Ulysses Lockwood  that he has inherited 2 million dollars from his deceased uncle. Constantly broke because of her family, Christy is in financial straits. Her friend at work advises her to not tell Peter the news until she snags him. Christy dismisses the idea and leaves for her trip. Peter is a famous radio personality. Taking one look at him, Christy swoons, interrupting him on the way to his wedding. The zany hijinks include Christy being mistaken for Peter's old flame; Peter and Christy being stuck somewhere between Los Angeles and La Jolla when Peter accidentally drives into the ocean; and their rescuers mistaking them for newlyweds. Peter asks his best man, Roland Cook , to help him with the situation, but Roland only causes more trouble because he is in love with Peter's bride-to-be."] ["Following the wedding of young Jenny Piper and Arthur Fitton , a rowdy reception is held at a local pub where the newlyweds are subjected to much well-meaning but vulgar ribaldry. The couple returns to the Fitton home to spend their first night together before leaving for a honeymoon in Majorca, but they are followed by some of the wedding guests who keep the party going until early morning. Worse yet, when the youngsters finally are permitted to retire, their bed collapses as the result of a practical joke. The next day they discover that the travel agent who sold them their tickets to Majorca has absconded with the money, and they are stranded in rainy England. As days pass into weeks at the crowded Fitton home, the marriage remains unconsummated. The strain between the couple steadily worsens, with Arthur working nights as a cinema projectionist and Jenny spending her days behind a record counter. Not knowing where to turn, Arthur visits a marriage counsellor, but even this has a disastrous effect. The interview is overheard by a gossipy charwoman, and the young couple's unfulfilled marriage becomes a major topic of public gossip. Arthur becomes the butt of scornful jokes from his boss, Mr. Thompson, who volunteers to satisfy Jenny's marital needs. Enraged, Arthur strikes his boss and returns home to berate Jenny for disclosing their secret. As a result of the quarrel, their mutual inhibitions are dispelled, and they make love for the first time. They then find that the A.B.T.A. bond has returned their holiday money. The following day Arthur is encouraged by his mother to ask his father  for financial assistance with the down payment on a house for him and Jenny. The money is gladly granted, and Jenny and Arthur leave for a belated honeymoon."] ['C.R. "Mac" MacNamara is a high-ranking executive in the Coca-Cola Company, assigned to West Berlin after a business fiasco a few years earlier in the Middle East . Nevertheless, Mac is angling to become head of Western European Coca-Cola Operations, based in London. After working on an arrangement to introduce Coke into the Soviet Union, Mac receives a call from his boss, W.P. Hazeltine in Atlanta. Scarlett Hazeltine, the boss\'s hot-blooded 17-year-old socialite daughter, is coming to Berlin and Mac receives the unenviable task of taking care of this young whirlwind. An expected two-week stay develops into two months, and Mac discovers just why Scarlett is enamored of Berlin—she surprises him by announcing that she\'s married to a young man, Otto Piffl, who happens to be an East German Communist with ardent anti-capitalism views. The socialite couple are bound for Moscow to make a new life for themselves . Since Hazeltine and his wife are coming to Berlin to collect their daughter the very next day, this is obviously a disaster of monumental proportions, and Mac deals with it as any good capitalist would &mdash; by framing the young Communist firebrand and having him picked up by the Stasi, the East German secret police, who later force Otto to sign a confession that he\'s an American spy . Under pressure from his stern and disapproving wife , and with the revelation that Scarlett is pregnant, Mac sets out to bring Otto back with the help of his new Russian business associates. With the boss on the way, he finds that his only chance is to turn Otto into a son-in-law in good standing &mdash; which means, among other things, making him a capitalist with an aristocratic pedigree . In the end, the Hazeltines approve of their new son-in-law (upon which Mac learns from Hazeltine that Otto will be named the new head of Western European Operations—with Mac getting a promotion to VP of Procurement  Mac reconciles with his family at the airport, and to celebrate his promotion, offers to buy his family a Coke. Ironically, after handing out the Cokes to his family, he realizes upon inspection that the final bottle he takes for himself is actually Pepsi-Cola.{{cite web}}'] ['Jeff "The Dude" Lebowski returns home only to be roughed up by two thugs claiming to be collecting money that Lebowski\'s wife owes a man named Jackie Treehorn. After beating him and urinating on his rug, they realize they are looking for a different person with the same name, and they leave. The Dude discusses the situation with his bowling friends, the timid Donny  and the aggressive Walter . At the instigation of Walter, The Dude decides to seek compensation for the rug from the other Jeffrey Lebowski. The next day, the titular "Big" Lebowski, a wheelchair-bound millionaire, refuses The Dude\'s request. The Dude meets Bunny Lebowski , the Big Lebowski\'s nymphomaniac trophy wife, while leaving the premises with a rug taken from the mansion. Days later, the Big Lebowski contacts The Dude, revealing that Bunny has been kidnapped. He asks The Dude to act as a courier for the million-dollar ransom because The Dude will be able to confirm whether or not the kidnappers were the same thugs. Later, a different set of thugs enter The Dude\'s apartment, knock him unconscious, and steal his new rug. When Bunny\'s kidnappers call to arrange the ransom exchange, Walter tries to convince The Dude to keep the money and give the kidnappers a "ringer" suitcase filled with his dirty underwear. The kidnappers escape with the ringer, and The Dude and Walter are left with the million-dollar ransom. Later that night, The Dude\'s car is stolen, along with the briefcase filled with money. The Dude receives a message from the Big Lebowski\'s daughter, Maude, who admits to hiring the criminals who knocked him unconscious. The Dude visits her at her art studio, and she reveals that Bunny is a porn starlet working for Jackie Treehorn. She agrees with The Dude\'s suspicion that Bunny kidnapped herself and asks The Dude to recover the ransom, as it was illegally withdrawn by her father from a charity. The Big Lebowski angrily confronts The Dude over his failure to hand over the money, and hands The Dude an envelope sent to him by the kidnappers which contains a severed toe, presumably Bunny\'s. The Dude later receives a message that his car has been found. Mid-message, three German nihilists invade the Dude\'s apartment, identifying themselves as the kidnappers. They interrogate and threaten him for the ransom money. The Dude returns to Maude\'s studio, where she identifies the German nihilists as Bunny\'s friends. The Dude picks up his car from the police, but the briefcase with the ransom money is still missing. He and Walter track down the supposed thief, a teenager named Larry Sellers. Their confrontation with Larry is unsuccessful, and the Dude and Walter leave without getting any money or information. Jackie Treehorn\'s thugs return to The Dude\'s apartment to bring him to Treehorn\'s beach house in Malibu. Treehorn inquires about the whereabouts of Bunny, and the money, offering him a cut of any funds recovered. Treehorn then drugs The Dude\'s drink and The Dude passes out. After a surreal dream blending the themes of bowling, the Persian Gulf War, Maude’s “vaginal” art, and the nihilists, The Dude wakes up in a police car and is then placed in front of the police chief of Malibu. The police chief verbally and physically assaults The Dude and warns him not to return to Malibu. After a cab ride home, The Dude exits and a red sportscar zooms past. Bunny is driving, with all ten toes intact. The Dude is greeted by Maude Lebowski, who seduces him. During post-coital conversation with Maude, The Dude learns that she hopes to conceive a child with him but wants him to have no hand in the child\'s upbringing. He also finds out that, despite appearances, her father has no money of his own. Maude\'s late mother was the rich one, and she left her money exclusively to the family charity. In a flash, The Dude unravels the whole scheme: when the Big Lebowski heard that Bunny was kidnapped, he used it as a pretense for an embezzlement scheme, in which he withdrew the ransom money from the family charity to keep for himself. He gave an empty briefcase to The Dude , and was content to let the kidnappers kill Bunny. Meanwhile, it is now clear that the kidnapping was itself a ruse. While Bunny took an unannounced trip, the nihilists  alleged a kidnapping in order to get money from her husband. The Dude and Walter arrive at the Big Lebowski residence, finding Bunny back at home from her trip. They confront the Big Lebowski with their version of the events. The affair apparently over, The Dude and his bowling teammates are suddenly confronted by the nihilists, who have set The Dude\'s car on fire. They once again demand the million dollars. After hearing what The Dude and Walter know, the nihilists demand all the money in their pockets. Walter responds by throwing a bowling ball one nihilist\'s ribs, biting another\'s ear off, and knocking the final nihilist unconscious with their portable radio. However, in the aftermath, the Dude\'s timid bowling companion Donny has a heart attack and dies. Walter and The Dude go to a cliff overlooking a beach to scatter Donny\'s ashes. After an informal eulogy which Walter turns into a tribute to the Vietnam War and accidentally covers The Dude with Donny\'s ashes, Walter suggests, "Fuck it, Dude. Let\'s go bowling." The movie ends back at the bowling alley where "The Stranger" , a narrator seen sitting at the bar, speaks to the camera and hints to the audience that Maude may be pregnant with a "little Lebowski".'] ['C.W. Briggs is an insurance investigator who is highly successful, owing to his many connections and ability to think like a criminal. His work does not impress Betty Ann Fitzgerald, an efficiency expert who butts heads with Briggs over his old-fashioned views. Her advice is usually followed however, because she secretly is in a relationship with her boss, Chris Magruder, who constantly reassures her that they will be free to pursue their relationship in public once he finalizes his divorce with his wife. While attending a dinner with some employees, Fitzgerald and Briggs are called on by a stage magician to be in his hypnotism act. Using the words "Madagascar" and "Constantinople" on them respectively as trigger words to put then in a trance, the two are given the suggestion that they are newlyweds who are madly in love before being reawakened. When Briggs returns home for the evening, he receives a call from the magician, who uses Brigg\'s trigger word to put him back in a trance and orders him to steal jewels for him. Briggs has no recollections of these crimes after he is woken up and is determined to prove himself by solving the crimes. He begins to investigate Fitzgerald on the grounds of her suspicious behavior  and sneaks into her house one evening. There, he witnesses Magruder tell her that he has reconciled with his wife and will not have a divorce. When he leaves, Fitzgerald becomes drunk in a fit of depression and tries to jump out of a window. Briggs stops her and spends the night keeping her from other self destructive activity. Eventually, investigations begin to pick up evidence that points to Briggs, leading to his arrest. He manages to escape to Fitzgerald\'s place, where she grudgingly hides him. Thinking that Briggs is no longer available, the magician begins to call Fitzgerald, using her trigger word of "Madagascar" to put her in a hypnotic state and resume stealing for him. It also becomes apparent that the subliminal suggestion of being in love has remained, as Fitzgerald and Briggs continue to act the part of newlyweds with each other while hypnotized. This leads several of Brigg\'s co-workers to recall the initial hypnotism and realize that it is the cause of the robberies. They free Briggs of the trigger word and upon remembering everything, he rushes to the site where the still hypnotized Fitzgerald is delivering the jewels to the magician. Briggs is discovered and held at gunpoint, however he deduces that a small-time criminal like the magician wouldn\'t have the nerve to do something as drastic as murder. The magician attempts to run but is caught by the police shortly after. Back at work, Briggs attempts to convince Fitzgerald that he loves her and she is better off with him than Magruder . She remains unwilling to break up with her boss, leading Briggs to ask, "Where are you going? Madagascar?" and puts her in a hypnotic and loving state. After they have left, their colleague George remarks that he already deprogrammed her.'] ["Restaurant owner Dylan Ramsey  is head-over-heels in love with his new neighbor, a French cellist named Lila . In a desperate attempt to garner her affections, he kidnaps her beloved pet dog and offers to help her find him on a phantom dog hunt. A wrench is thrown in his plans, however, when the dog swallows his best friend's diamond ring, and things get worse for Dylan as Lila's ex-fiancee, Rene, arrives to win her back."] ['The story is set in New York in the 1890s. A bawdy singer, Lady Lou , works in the Bowery barroom saloon of her boss and benefactor, Gus Jordan , who has given her many diamonds. But Lou is a lady with more men friends than anyone might imagine. What she does not know is that Gus trafficks in prostitution and runs a counterfeiting ring to help finance her expensive diamonds. He also sends young women to San Francisco to be pickpockets. Gus works with two other crooked entertainer-assistants, Russian Rita  and Rita\'s lover, the suave Sergei Stanieff . One of Gus\'s rivals and former "friend" of Lou\'s, named Dan Flynn ([[David_Landau_, spends most of the movie dropping hints to Lou that Gus is up to no good, promising to look after her once Gus is in jail. Lou leads him on, hinting at times that she will return to him, but eventually he loses patience and implies he\'ll see her jailed if she doesn\'t submit to him. A city mission  is located next door to the bar. Its young director, Captain Cummings , is in reality an undercover Federal agent working to infiltrate and expose the illegal activities in the bar. Gus suspects nothing; he worries only that Cummings will reform his bar and scare away his customers. Lou\'s former boyfriend, Chick Clark , is a vicious criminal who was convicted of robbery and sent to prison for trying to steal diamonds for her. In his absence, she becomes attracted to the handsome young psalm-singing reformer. Warned that Chick thinks she\'s betrayed him, she goes to the prison to try to reassure him. All the inmates greet her warmly and familiarly as she walks down the cellblock. Chick becomes angry and threatens to kill her if she double-crosses or two-times him before he gets out. She lies and claims she has been true to him. Gus gives counterfeit money to Rita and Sergei to spend. Chick escapes from jail, and police search for him in the bar. He comes into Lou\'s room and starts to strangle her, breaking off only because he still loves her and cannot harm her. Lou calms him down by promising that she will go with him when she finishes her next number. After Sergei gives Lou a diamond pin belonging to Rita, Rita starts a fight with Lou, who accidentally stabs her to death. Lou calmly combs the dead woman\'s long hair to hide the fact Rita is dead while the police search the room for Chick Clark. She has her bodyguard Spider , who "would do anything for you, Lou" dispose of Rita\'s body. She then tells Spider to bring Chick, who\'s hiding in an alley, back to her room upstairs. Then, while she sings "Frankie and Johnny", she silently signals to Dan Flynn that he should go to her room to wait for her, even though she knows Chick is in there with a gun. Chick shoots Dan dead and the gunfire draws a police raid. Cummings shows his badge and reveals himself as "The Hawk," a well-known Federal agent, as he arrests Gus and Sergei. Chick, still lurking in Lou\'s room, is about to kill Lou for double-crossing him, when Cummings also apprehends him. Cummings then takes Lou away in an open horse-drawn carriage instead of the paddywagon into which all the other criminals have been loaded. He tells her she doesn\'t belong in jail and removes all her other rings and slips a diamond engagement ring onto her marriage finger. "Where\'d you get that . . . dark and handsome?" Lou asks. "You bad girl", he scolds. "You\'ll find out", she coos.'] ['During the Great Depression, Longfellow Deeds , the co-owner of a tallow works, part-time greeting card poet, and tuba-playing inhabitant of the hamlet of Mandrake Falls, Vermont, inherits 20 million dollars from his late uncle, Martin Semple. His uncle\'s scheming attorney, John Cedar , locates Deeds and takes him to New York City. Cedar gives his cynical troubleshooter, ex-newspaperman Cornelius Cobb , the task of keeping reporters away from Deeds. Cobb is outfoxed, however, by star reporter Louise "Babe" Bennett , who appeals to Deeds\' romantic fantasy of rescuing a damsel in distress by masquerading as a poor worker named Mary Dawson. She pretends to faint from exhaustion after "walking all day to find a job", and worms her way into his confidence. Bennett proceeds to write a series of enormously popular articles mocking Longfellow\'s hick ways and odd behavior, giving him the moniker "Cinderella Man". Cedar tries to get Deeds\'s power of attorney in order to keep his financial misdeeds secret. Deeds, however, proves to be a shrewd judge of character, easily fending off Cedar and other greedy opportunists. He wins Cobb\'s wholehearted respect and eventually Babe\'s love. However, when Cobb finds out Bennett\'s true identity and tells Deeds, who had been in love with her, he is left heartbroken. Just as Deeds is ready to return to Mandrake Falls in disgust, a dispossessed farmer ([[John Wray  breaks into his mansion and threatens him with a gun. He expresses his scorn for the seemingly heartless, ultra-rich man, who won\'t lift a finger to help the multitudes of desperate poor. After the intruder comes to his senses, Deeds realizes what he can do with his troublesome fortune. He decides to provide fully equipped 10-acre farms free to thousands of homeless families if they will work the land for several years. Alarmed at the prospect of losing control of the fortune, Cedar joins forces with Deeds\' only other relative and his grasping, domineering wife in seeking to have Deeds declared mentally incompetent. Along with Babe\'s betrayal, this finally breaks Deeds\' spirit and he sinks into a deep depression. A sanity hearing is scheduled to determine who should control the Deeds\' fortune. During his sanity hearing, things look bleak for Deeds, especially since he initially refuses to defend himself. Cedar even gets Deeds\'s Mandrake Falls tenants—eccentric elderly sisters Jane and Amy Faulkner —to testify that Deeds is "pixilated", meaning odd like a pixie. That charge falls apart when the two spinsters, when questioned as to who else is pixilated, reply, "Why everyone, but us." After Babe convinces Deeds that she truly loves him, he systematically punches holes in Cedar\'s case—before actually punching Cedar in the face—and the judge declares him to be "the sanest man who ever walked into this courtroom."'] ['Spoiled heiress Ellen "Ellie" Andrews  marries fortune-hunter "King" Westley  against the wishes of her extremely wealthy father  who has the marriage annulled. She runs away, boarding a bus to New York City, to reunite with her new spouse, when she meets fellow bus passenger Peter Warne , an out-of-work newspaper reporter. Warne recognizes her and gives her a choice: if she will give him an exclusive on her story, he will help her reunite with Westley. If not, he will tell her father where she is and collect the reward offered for her return. Ellie agrees to the first choice. Soon penniless, Ellie has to rely completely on Peter. As they go through several adventures together, Ellie loses her initial disdain for him and begins to fall in love. When they have to hitchhike, Peter claims to be an expert on the subject. As car after car passes them by, he eventually ends up thumbing his nose at them. The sheltered Ellie then shows him how it\'s done. She stops the next car, driven by Danker , dead in its tracks by lifting up her skirt and showing off a shapely leg.  When they stop for a break, Danker tries to drive off with their luggage. Peter chases him down and takes his car. One night, nearing the end of their journey together, Ellie confesses her love to Peter. Peter mulls over what she has said, decides he loves her too, and leaves to make arrangements after she has fallen asleep. When the owners of the motel in which they are staying notice that Peter\'s car is gone, they roust Ellie out of bed and kick her out. Believing Peter has deserted her, Ellie calls her father, who is so relieved to get her back that he agrees to let her marry Westley. Although Ellie has no desire to be with Westley, she believes Peter has betrayed her for the reward money, so she agrees to have a second, formal wedding. Meanwhile, Peter has obtained money from his editor to marry Ellie, but as he drives back to tell her, they pass each other on the road. Ellie tries to pretend that nothing has happened, but she is unable to fool her father. She finally reveals the whole story . When Peter comes to Ellie\'s home, Mr. Andrews offers him the reward money, but Peter insists on being paid only his expenses: a paltry $39.60. When Ellie\'s father presses him for an explanation of his odd behavior, Peter admits he loves Ellie , then storms out. At the wedding ceremony, as Mr. Andrews walks his daughter down the aisle, he reveals to Ellie Peter\'s refusal of the reward money and quietly encourages her to run off again, telling her that her car is out back for a quick get-away. At the point where she is to say "I do", she makes up her mind. She runs off to find Peter. Her pleased father pays Westley off, enabling Ellie to marry Peter.'] ['The French police identify the Carltons as a family of con artists and insist they leave the Riviera. On the train to London, George-Anne Carlton  encounters her persistent former suitor, Duncan Macrae ([[Richard Carlson . He still wants to marry her, despite knowing of her family\'s checkered past, but he is not wealthy, so she tells him to leave her alone. The penniless family soon latches onto kind-hearted fellow passenger Miss Ellen Fortune , a rich but lonely old woman. When there is a train crash, George-Anne and her brother Richard  take good care of her. As a result, the Carltons are invited to stay with Miss Fortune at her mansion in London. Richard and their parents, "Colonel" Anthony "Sahib" Carlton  and "Marmy" , consider it a short-term refuge while they search for another opportunity, but George-Anne convinces them to try to ingratiate themselves with the old woman, supposedly with the goal of becoming her heirs; secretly, she hopes that her family will mend their crooked ways. Miss Fortune\'s lawyer, Felix Anstruther , is suspicious of their motives and, while in France on business, checks up on them. In the meantime, Duncan resurfaces. Having seen Sahib\'s half-hearted newspaper advertisement for a job, Duncan secures one for him as a car salesman for the Flying Wombat . Richard wanders into the office of an engineering firm that is looking to hire a mail boy; admiring hardworking employee Leslie Saunders , he takes the job. Soon, they are going out together, though he does not hide from her the fact that the only reason he is working is to impress Miss Fortune. Despite themselves, the Carltons start to change. Sahib turns out to be a fine salesman and is soon promoted to sales manager for London, while Richard starts studying engineering. When Anstruther returns, he informs his client all that he has uncovered about the Carltons, but Miss Fortune, though believing what he tells her, refuses to think ill of her guests. Her faith is justified. When she becomes seriously ill, Anstruther informs the Carltons that Miss Fortune is not wealthy after all. Her finances have worsened and she may even lose her house. Each of the Carltons insists that they are only concerned about her welfare, much to George-Anne\'s surprised delight. Sahib states that Miss Fortune will never want for a home. In the end, George-Anne marries Duncan, Richard does the same with Leslie, and Miss Fortune goes to live with the Carltons in their cottage.'] ['Because she married an international playboy, Ellie Andrews  is kidnapped by her own father, Texas cattleman A. A. Andrews . She escapes, managing to evade his nationwide search for her with the help of Peter Warne , a jobless reporter, who sees himself getting the biggest story of the year - until he and Ellie fall in love. When Ellie suspects Peter has sold her out, she returns home. Realizing his daughter really loves the newspaperman, Andrews tries to persuade Ellie to run away again, this time from her own wedding ceremony. Who will Ellie choose, her husband or the man who has stolen her heart?'] ['The movie opens with Nick Gardenia , an out-of-luck writer, who has the use of a friend\'s cabin to write in the peace and quiet of the California mountains. He is interrupted by a pair of bank robbers  who use Nick to rob a bank in Carmel. Their modus operandi is to take an innocent person and force them at gunpoint to rob banks for them, take the money and toss them out of their moving car. Unfortunately, in the process of robbing the bank, Nick  trips over the line ropes in the bank, is helped up and looks right up into the security camera. Not long after the robbery, the picture of Nick comes through to Los Angeles district attorney Ira Parks  and his assistant, Fred  brings it to Ira\'s attention that it just so happens to be Parks\' wife\'s ex-husband. Because of his recent desire to become Attorney General of California, Ira is frustrated and upset, thinking his wife\'s ex-husband being a bank robber will haunt him through his campaign. Meanwhile, Ira\'s wife, Glenda,  a lawyer herself, often tries to rehabilitate her clients by giving them odd jobs around their house, including her chauffeur/butler Chester . After a long day in court, Glenda comes home to the mixed news of joy for Ira becoming Attorney General and surprise when Ira gives her the news about Nick. Glenda becomes convinced she must defend Nick when he is caught because of her disbelief that he would ever do such a thing. Meanwhile, the robbers ditch Nick and he desperately makes his way to Glenda and Ira\'s house. During a big party, Glenda, while searching for one of her dogs, runs into Nick in her garage. He begs her for help and she tries to get him some food, despite most of the leaders of law enforcement being in her house at the party. Nick tries sneaking into the house to get food and runs into Glenda again. He explains what happened and she refuses to help anymore unless he turns himself in. Nick goes on to say that he wants to go after the guys who did this to him and Glenda lets him sleep in the guest room over the garage. After some comically close run-ins with the police, Ira, and Glenda\'s feisty maid, Aurora , Glenda manages to keep anyone from knowing Nick is hiding in the guest room or stealing Ira\'s and Glenda\'s cars. Ira soon discovers Nick was telling the truth about the two men who forced him to rob the bank just in time for a party with the Governor of California coming to the house. However, Glenda has to deal with the "criminals" getting actual jobs, the maid having foot surgery , and Chester getting drunk in the kitchen. So, the party takes a hilarious turn when Nick, coming back to turn himself in, ends up serving dinner to the governor, Ira, Glenda, and Fred. The dinner ultimately ends in a fistfight between a jealous Ira and Nick, while Fred is knocked out in the process. Ultimately, Nick, Glenda, Ira, Aurora, the dogs and the robbers end up in Glenda\'s favorite judge\'s  court. While the judge is overwhelmed by the happenings in the Parks household, the police bring in Aurora, Glenda\'s dogs, and the bank robbers that kidnapped Nick. The robbers admit Nick\'s innocence in exchange for a reduced sentence after getting caught by Aurora and the dogs when they attempted to force her to rob a bank, just like Nick. After all is said and done, Nick is free, but he and Glenda still apparently have unresolved feelings. She decides to stay with Ira, and kisses Nick good-bye. Some time later, Ira and Glenda decide to take a car trip to forget the past events and end up in an accident trying to avoid a cow on the road. Ira is hurt, so Glenda has to go for help. She ends up at the only place around: a cabin with all the lights on. Glenda pounds on the door begging for help. The door opens and she discovers it is Nick\'s cabin.'] ["Brought up in poverty, hotel manicurist Regi Allen  wants to marry a rich husband. Her new client, wheelchair-using hotel guest Allen Macklyn  is immediately attracted to her and becomes her confidant. Despite his obvious wealth, Regi does not view him as a potential husband, and has no qualms about telling him about her goal in life. Exiting his penthouse suite, she encounters a man playing hop-scotch in the hallway, and declines his invitation to join him. He makes an appointment for a manicure as Theodore Drew III , scion of a socially prominent family. Unaware that the Drews were bankrupted by the Great Depression, she accepts his invitation to dinner. They have a good time, but Ted drinks too much and tells Regi that he is engaged to Vivian Snowden , heiress to a pineapple fortune. When Regi is unable to wake him from his drunken slumber, she lets him sleep on her sofa. He explains to her that he was supposed to sail to Bermuda last night  and that he has nowhere to stay and no money. Regi reluctantly lets him live in her apartment until his boat returns from Bermuda, at which time he can return to sponging off of Vivian. Ted and Regi confess to each other that they intend to marry for money. Ted and Regi play fun pranks on each other. In the first one, Ted frightens away Regi's date  by pretending to be her abusive husband. Later, in order to convince Vivian that he is in Bermuda, Ted persuades Regi to telephone Vivian while posing as a Bermuda telephone operator. When Regi repeatedly interrupts in a nasally voice, Ted hangs up to avoid laughing in his fiancee's hearing. However, this backfires, as Vivian discovers that the call came from New York when she tries to reconnect. She hires private investigators to find out what is going on. In the course of their stay together, Ted and Regi fall in love. On their last night before the boat returns, they admit their mutual love, but Regi ends the relationship, insisting that Ted would resent having given up his chance to be wealthy if he were to marry her. Early the next morning, Ted leaves without saying goodbye. Vivian has a nasty confrontation with Regi at the hotel. After Regi leaves and Ted shows up, Vivian makes it clear that she knows what happened, but is still willing to go through with the marriage. Ted, however, asks to be released from their engagement. Meanwhile, Regi goes to her regular appointment in Allen's suite, but breaks down in tears. Allen had intended to propose to her, but he secretly puts away his engagement ring after she confesses she has fallen in love despite herself. When Ted finds her there, she agrees to marry him. On a bus, Regi and Ted discuss what they should do first: eat lunch, get married, or find a job for Ted. They toss a coin to decide; Ted jokingly says he will get a job if it lands on its side. Sure enough, it does when it gets wedged in a manhole cover."] ['Phil and Claire Foster  are a married couple from New Jersey with two children and whose domestic life has become boring and routine. Phil is a tax lawyer while Claire is a realtor. They are motivated to reignite their romance after learning that their best friends, Brad and Haley , are planning to divorce to escape the married-life routine and to have more excitement in their lives. To avoid the routine that had become their weekly "date night", Phil decides that he will take Claire to a trendy Manhattan restaurant called "Claw", but they cannot get a table. Phil steals a reservation from a no-show couple, the Tripplehorns, despite Claire\'s misgivings. While eating they are approached by two men, Collins ([[Common  and Armstrong , who question them about a flash drive they believe Phil and Claire stole from mobster Joe Miletto . Phil and Claire try to explain that they are not the Tripplehorns, but the men threaten them at gunpoint. Not seeing any other way out, Phil tells them the flash drive is in a boathouse in Central Park. At the boathouse, Claire pretends to search; while Collins and Armstrong\'s backs are turned, Phil hits them with an oar and escapes with Claire on a boat, Collins and Armstrong shooting at them. At a police station, Phil and Claire talk with Detective Arroyo , but discover Collins and Armstrong are also detectives, presumably on Miletto\'s payroll. Realizing they cannot trust the police, they decide to find the real Tripplehorns. They return to the restaurant and find the Tripplehorns\' phone number. Claire remembers a former client, Holbrooke Grant , is a security expert and James Bond-like action hero. He seems to never wear shirts and is sleeping with a gorgeous Israeli woman . At his apartment, Grant traces the Tripplehorns\' cell phone signal to an apartment owned by a Tom Felton. Collins and Armstrong arrive, but Phil and Claire escape in Grant\'s Audi R8. They arrive at Felton\'s apartment and break in. They question Felton, nicknamed "Taste" , and his wife "Whippit"  about the flash drive and Joe Miletto. It turns out that Taste and Whippit did go to the restaurant but left as soon as they spotted Collins and Armstrong outside. Realizing they are still in danger, Taste gives the flash drive to Phil and flees with Whippit. When Phil and Claire get back in the Audi, Armstrong and Collins chase and shoot at them. Phil and Claire crash the Audi head-on into a Ford Crown Victoria taxicab, resulting in their Audi and the cab being attached at the bumpers. Both windshields are shot out, so Phil and the cab driver  agree to drive off under the Audi\'s power to get away. Phil climbs into the cab to help control it  while Claire drives the Audi, Collins and Armstrong still pursuing along with other NYPD vehicles. Phil checks the flash drive on the cab driver\'s Amazon Kindle and finds pictures of district attorney Frank Crenshaw  with prostitutes . After evading Collins and Armstrong, they are eventually hit, and are separated by, an SUV. Phil realizes that the cab\'s brakes have failed so the cab driver  jumps free and Phil rides the car into the river; Phil swims away and later says the flash drive stayed in the river. On a subway train, Phil learns that Felton had obtained the flash drive to blackmail Crenshaw on behalf of Miletto. They return to Grant\'s apartment, and Grant reluctantly agrees to help them again. Phil and Claire go to an illegal strip club that Crenshaw frequents, with Claire under the guise of a new prostitute and Phil as her pimp. After doing a pole dance for Crenshaw, they confront him and tell him they are the Tripplehorns. Collins and Armstrong come in and hold them at gunpoint, taking them up to the roof with Crenshaw. Miletto arrives with henchmen and it is revealed that Crenshaw has been paid by Miletto to keep him out of jail. When Phil mentions the photos, a fight escalates between the mobsters and Crenshaw, Collins and Armstrong. Phil asks Claire to count to three, her typical method of calming their children. When she does, a helicopter appears and Arroyo and the SWAT team come onto the roof to arrest Miletto, Crenshaw, and everyone else. It is revealed that Phil was wearing a wire courtesy of Grant, who had informed Arroyo of the situation. Afterwards, Phil and Claire have breakfast at a diner, where Phil says he would marry Claire and have their kids all over again. When they return home, they make love on the front lawn.'] ["Bank teller Henry Dimsdale finds ten $1,000 bills. He is a widower with seven kids and could use the money, and housekeeper Golda tells him it's a case of finder's keepers. Henry waits two weeks to see if anyone claims the missing money. No one does, so he splurges on a new car and a diamond ring for Ellie Barton, his fiancee. But when the bank discovers a $50,000 shortage, Henry becomes a prime suspect. He, his family and Ellie take it on the lam to Arizona. A detective, Jasper Lynch, the boyfriend of Golda, is assigned to investigate. Henry's boss at the bank, Pomeroy, is seen with a sexy younger woman, Monica, who has expensive tastes. After a chase, Henry is placed under arrest. His kids hide a tape recorder in Pomeroy's pocket, though, and get an admission of guilt. That frees their dad to marry Ellie while the helpful Golda and Jasper do likewise."] ["Jack Lawrence is a smart allec lawyer who is one day visited by an ex-girlfriend who tells him her kid was his. Enter Dale Putley, a depressed goofball who is also a [[writer], meets with the same ex-girlfriend who tells him her kid is his. One day Jack and Dale meet and discover what had happened: they've been told the same story and now there's a question of who the real father is. They learn their son is following a rock band called Sugar Ray around. So Jack and Dale hit the road to Sacramento and find their drunk, lovestruck son. Soon after they bring him back to their hotel room, their son escapes and Jack and Dale must use teamwork to find him again, bring him home, and find out which one of them is the real father."] ['Peter Sanderson  is a workaholic tax attorney corresponding with an online friend known only as "lawyer-girl". On their first blind date, Peter learns that "lawyer-girl" is Charlene Morton , a wrongfully convicted bank robber claiming her innocence who wants Peter\'s help in getting the charges dropped. Peter also must deal with Virginia Arness , an eccentric English billionaire, to bring her business to his firm, as well as competitive colleagues and bosses. His neighbor, Mrs. Kline , who happens to be a sister of one of the senior partners, is a nosy bigot. Peter attempts to juggle these issues as well as reconcile with his ex-wife  and children .'] ['Peter "Painless" Potter  is a dentist of doubtful competence. Out west, after the partner of Calamity Jane  is killed while trying to discover who\'s been illegally selling guns to Indians, the cowardly Painless ends up married to Jane, who needs to keep her true identity a secret. One day while protecting everyone during a holdup, Jane gives all the credit to Painless, who becomes the townsfolk\'s "brave" new hero.'] ["Nicky Wilson  and Oscar Sullivan  are inept 1920's scam artists who see pay dirt in the guise of Fredericka Quintessa Bigard , the millionaire heiress to a sanitary napkin fortune. She is in love with the already married Nicky, but because the Mann Act prohibits him from taking her across state lines and then engaging in immoral relations, he proposes she marry Oscar and then carry on an affair with the man she really wants. Oscar, who is wanted for embezzlement and anxious to get out of town, is happy to comply with the plan, although he intends to claim his spousal privileges after they are wed. Once they reach Los Angeles, the two men try everything they can to separate Freddie from her inheritance, without success but with enough determination to arouse her suspicions. When she announces she plans to donate all her money to charity, Nicky and Oscar panic and come to the conclusion murder might be their only recourse if they're going to achieve their goal."] ['Martin plays an attorney named Roger Cobb. He is dating his boss\' daughter and is also an aspiring jazz guitarist. Lily Tomlin is a difficult, eccentric, spoiled rotten, but terminally ill millionairess named Edwina Cutwater, who has been bedridden since childhood. Cutwater hires Roger to make some unusual final arrangements to her will. Having discovered she is dying, Edwina has enlisted the aid of a culture-shocked mystic who has mastered the secret of transferring human souls. She has made an arrangement with Terry Hoskins,  a beautiful young mystic who wishes to complete her spiritual journey by leaving her body forever and become one with the universe. Edwina wants her own soul placed in Terry\'s vacated body so that she can finally experience youth and health. Roger is to change Edwina\'s will so that Terry, her future self, is her sole beneficiary. Roger, unsurprisingly, believes the whole plan is "bananas". To Roger\'s surprise, the soul-transfer works, but during the ceremony, Roger himself ends up with Edwina\'s soul sharing his body. She has control over the right side of his body and him the left, forcing them to work together while causing constant friction and problems between the two — amongst them, the loss of Roger\'s girlfriend and job. Besides listening to each other\'s thoughts, Roger talks to Edwina\'s image that appears in mirrors and other reflective surfaces to him and no one else. Their relationships warms during the course of the film, but both of them want Edwina back in her own body. Terry, meanwhile, is shocked to learn that the soul-transference really works, as she only agreed to the transfer to take control of Edwina\'s fortune. She becomes determined to prevent Roger from reaching the holy man to complete the transference. The movie ends with Terry\'s plot being foiled by Roger and Edwina. It emerges that Terry has an extensive criminal record and, rather than face life in jail for her latest criminal acts, she at last consents to having her soul placed into the body of her favorite horse. Edwina takes up residence in Terry\'s body as originally planned. The final shot shows Roger and Terry dancing together. The camera pans to a mirror, where Roger can be seen dancing with Edwina.'] ['New York newspaper reporter Wally Cook  tries to pass off an ordinary African-American  as an African nobleman hosting a charity event. Cook is demoted to writing obituaries. He begs his boss Oliver Stone  for another chance. Wally is sent to the  town of Warsaw, Vermont, to interview Hazel Flagg , a woman supposedly dying of radium poisoning. Cook finally locates Hazel, who is crying because her doctor has told her that she is not dying. Unaware of this, he invites her to New York as the guest of the Morning Star newspaper. The newspaper uses her story to increase its circulation. She receives a ticker tape parade and the key to the city, and becomes an inspiration to many. In addition, she and Wally fall in love. When it is finally discovered that Hazel is not really dying, city officials decide that it would be better to avoid embarrassment by having it seem that she committed suicide. Hazel and Wally get married and quietly set sail for the tropics.'] ['Sir Alfred de Carter  is a world-famous symphony conductor who returns from a visit to his native England and discovers that his rich and boring brother-in-law, August Henshler , has misunderstood Alfred\'s casual instruction to watch over his much younger wife Daphne  while he was away, and instead hired a detective named Sweeney  to follow her. Alfred is livid, and ineptly attempts to destroy any evidence of the detective\'s report. Eventually, despite his efforts, he learns the content of the report directly from Sweeney: while he was gone, his wife was spied late at night going to the hotel room of Alfred\'s secretary, Anthony Windborn , a man closer in age to her own, where she stayed for thirty-eight minutes. Distressed by the news, Alfred quarrels with Daphne before proceeding to his concert, where he conducts three distinct pieces of romantic-era music, envisioning revenge scenarios appropriate to each one: a complicated "perfect crime" scenario in which he murders his wife and frames Windborn , nobly accepting the situation and giving Daphne a generous check and his blessing (to the Prelude to Wagner\'s [[Tannhäuser , and a game of Russian roulette with a blubbering Windborn, that ends in de Carter\'s Suicide (to Tchaikovsky\'s [[Francesca da Rimini  After the concert, Alfred tries to stage his fantasy of murdering his wife, but is thwarted by his own ineptness, making a mess of their apartment in the process. When Daphne returns home, he realizes that she really loves him, and learns that she is innocent of Sweeney\'s charges: she had gone to Windborn\'s room in search of her sister Barbara , August\'s wife, who was having an affair with Windborn, and became trapped there when she saw Sweeney spying on the room. Alfred begs Daphne\'s forgiveness for his irrational behavior, which she gladly gives, ascribing it to the creative temperament of a great artist.TCM Full synopsis<ref nameavg&sql=1:51839~T0 Plot synopsis ]'] ['The basic plot concerns Groucho, as explorer Captain Geoffrey  T. Spaulding, attending a party in his honor at the estate of society matron Mrs. Rittenhouse, and investigating the theft of a valuable painting during the party. The bulk of the movie consists of a succession of comedy sketches, one liner jokes and visual gags.'] ['Wealthy Mr. Bullion  is up in arms when his eccentric wife  informs him that she wants to adopt a refugee, the latest socio-political movement. After taking a trip to his dentist , Mr. Bullion meets the Stooges, inept window washers who act as interim dentists when Bullion enters the office demanding medical attention. After pulling his bridge-work out completely , they try to put it back into his mouth with cement. However, the cement hardens before they have a chance to put the tooth back in, so they decide to blast. The dentist arrives back in his office as the dynamite is lit. He calls out to the Stooges, who notice him and run off. The dynamite goes off and Mr. Bullion wakes up, noticing that the pain in his tooth is gone. He heads back to his car and notices the Stooges hiding inside. He inquires as to what they are up to, and Moe says that they are "refugees." Mr. Bullion then has a very nasty idea to disabuse his wife of her philanthropic notion: pass these three nitwits off as refugee children. Mrs. Bullion is naturally thrilled at the sight of the Stooges , but she ends up regretting their adoption after a party is thrown in their honor — and Mr. Bullion is beginning to regret concocting this scheme to begin with. The festivities are interrupted when an angered Mr. Bullion chases after the Stooges with an axe.'] ['While stowing away on a ship to America, four brothers get involuntarily pressed into service as toughs for a pair of feuding gangsters while trying desperately to evade the ship\'s crew.Monkey Business trivia at the Internet Movie Database. Except in the credits and in the screenplay, the Brothers\' characters have no names in this film. They are referred to simply as "the stowaways". After arriving stateside one of the gangsters kidnaps the other\'s daughter, leaving it up to the brothers to save the day.Plot summary of Monkey Business at the Internet Movie Database'] ["Max Fiedler  is an air traffic controller at New York's Kennedy Intl. Airport whose life is slowly going down the drain. His girlfriend, Darcy , has just left him because of his jealousy. Now, everywhere he goes he seems to run into her with another man, driving him nuts. One night while he's driving home from a party, a tanker truck spills nuclear waste onto his car and through his open sunroof, covering him with glowing green goo. The next day, he notices that he has developed telekinetic powers. With this newfound discovery, Max decides to put his powers to use by striking back at his tormentors to win back the love of Darcy. He is asked to spend the weekend at the house of a paraplegic friend , who has also invited some other friends, including Max's ex-wife Lorraine  as well as his ex-girlfriend, plus self-confidence author and womanizer Mark Winslow  who has designs on Darcy. Winslow constantly demeans and derides Max, while trying to seduce Darcy . Max gets his revenge by using his powers to humiliate his rival, meanwhile freaking out the other guests. Finally, he sees himself becoming a monster, and by a fortuitous stroke of lightning his powers are transferred to Dorita, the voodoo-practicing maid . Max's girlfriend forgives him and he realizes that she truly does love him."] ['Ryden Malby graduates from college in the middle of the late-2000s recession and is forced to move back in with her parents, because her dream job has been given to her arrogant college nemesis Jessica Bard. Ryden and her best friend Adam who has had a longtime crush on her must find a job for Ryden before she loses hope for her future dream as an editor of a big publishing company. But will sudden feelings for her longtime friend interfere with her dreams?'] ['An aging hippie goes on a road trip in search of his long lost family. He meets up with his son . Together they go off to see America. A majority of Tommy’s real life family have roles; daughter Rae Dawn and wife Shelby both have lines.'] ["J.B. Ball ([[Edward Arnold , the third richest banker in America, becomes infuriated after learning that his wife Jenny  had bought a $58,000 fur coat without his knowledge. After finding so many fur coats in her closet, Ball grabs one which turns out to, in fact, be the offending coat and throws it off his New York City penthouse roof. It lands on Mary Smith  while she is riding to work on a double-decker bus. When she tries to return it, he tells her to keep it . He also buys her an expensive new hat to replace the one damaged in the incident, causing her to be mistaken for his mistress. When she shows up for work, her straitlaced boss suspects her of behaving improperly to get a coat she obviously cannot afford and fires her to protect the reputation of the Boy's Constant Companion, the magazine he publishes. Mary begins receiving offers from people eager to cash in on her notoriety. One firm gives her an expensive sixteen-cylinder car, and hotel owner Mr. Louis Louis  installs her in a luxury suite, hoping that this will deter Ball from foreclosing on his failing establishment. When Mary goes to an automat for a meal, she meets John Ball Jr. , J.B.'s son. He is determined to make it on his own and is working anonymously at the restaurant. However, he is fired for giving Mary free food. When Mary finds out he has no place to stay, she invites him to share her enormous suite while he looks for a new job. They quickly fall in love. Meanwhile, as time goes on, her supposed connection to J.B has satirically disastrous consequences for the stock market. Stockbroker E.F. Hulgar  asks her for inside information about steel from Mr. Ball. The only Ball the confused Mary knows is John Jr., so she consults him. He jokingly tells her it is going down and she passes it along to Hulgar. As a result, everybody begins selling, just as J.B. starts buying, causing J.B.'s company to teeter on the brink of bankruptcy. When Mary, John, and J.B. finally get together and figure out what is going on, John comes up with a bright solution - getting Mary to tell Hulgar that J.B. has cornered the market. Prices shoot up, rescuing the beleaguered financier. The delighted father gives his son a job. John then offers Mary a job too: fixing his breakfast every day as his wife."] ["Larry Lipton and his wife Carol meet their next-door neighbors Paul and Lilian House, and are invited in for coffee. Lilian discusses her various exercises with Carol, while Paul shows Larry his stamp collections.The couple seems very healthy considering their ages. The next night, Larry and Carol come off the elevator to find the Houses' door open, and a crowd forming in the doorway. They learn that Lilian has died of a heart attack suddenly. Her body is covered by a sheet on a stretcher. Larry and Carol both think that her death is a surprise, because she was so healthy, and didn't mention any heart conditions when with Carol. A couple of days after her death, the Liptons meet Paul on the street. Carol notes on his cheerfulness, and thinks his behavior is suspicious. Intent on visiting Paul again, Carol bakes him a dessert and she and Larry go over to his apartment. While searching for coffee beans in the kitchen, she finds an urn with ashes hidden in a cupboard, despite the fact that Paul said that Lilian was buried. Carol becomes more suspicious, especially after she hears him leave his apartment at 1 o'clock in the morning. She thinks that he took his car out to dispose of the urn; Larry believes that Carol is grossly overreacting. Carol sees Paul leaving the building the next morning, so she steals a spare key from the office, and sneaks into his apartment. The urn is missing, and she sees two tickets to Paris and a reservation for a Paris hotel, along with the name Helen Moss. While she's still in Paul's home she calls Ted, a family friend who is equally interested in the mystery. Paul walks in, and Carol hides under the bed. She overhears a conversation with who she supposes is Helen Moss. She escapes, only to realize later that she left her glasses in the apartment. She tells Larry about this, and he is angry with her for acting so foolishly. She makes another dessert to bring to Paul, and she and Larry visit him again to find her glasses. After a quick search Paul produces them, and says he found them under the bed. Meanwhile, Ted looked up Helen Moss and found out where she lives. He and Carol scout out the apartment, and find that Helen Moss is a young, beautiful actress. They follow her to the theater Paul owns. A elderly woman is also there, and is friends with Paul. Later, Carol and Ted are together for a wine tasting. Ted leaves, and Carol sees Lilian House riding the bus. She tells Larry, who doesn't believe her, and suggests that Lilian has a twin. Ted however, does believe her and looks up Lillian House to learn that she had a sister and a late brother, but no twin. Larry becomes jealous of their relationship, so he decides to scout out the street Carol saw Lilian on with his wife. Larry tries to remain enthusiastic, like Ted, and eventually believes Carol when he sees Lilian enter a hotel. Carol decides to buy a fake gift for Lilian, so they can sneak into the hotel and talk to her. They are allowed in, though Lilian is under a fake name. They enter her room with the fake gift, to find her dead on the bedroom floor. They hurry out of the room and call the police, but once they arrive, the body is gone. Carol doesn't accept this, so she goes back later with Larry to search the room for any clues. They find Lilian's wedding ring. They leave to the elevator, but it suddenly stops . Larry suffers from severe claustrophobia and begins to freak out. Carol tries to escape to through the roof, only to find Lilian's dead body. The lights go out, and the elevator goes down to the basement. Larry and Carol leave through the back door - Larry thoroughly frightened, and Carol thrilled. They get to the street and see a man put a body in his trunk. The couple follow him out of the city to junk yard that's melting scrap metal. The man dumps her body in a pile, and the body is burned in front of Carol and Larry. They follow the man to his car to learn that it is Paul, who noticed the couple following him before. Larry and Carol know there is nothing they can do, as all evidence is gone, and Paul has an alibi, Mrs. Dalton , for when the deaths took place. They later get together with Ted and Marcia, an author friend of Larry's. Marcia says that Paul pulled the perfect murder, and tells Carol and Larry how to catch him. They plan to create a fake audition and get Helen to it, and get her to recite some lines. They will take those lines and create several tapes to feign a phone call between her and Paul, stating that Carol and Larry saved Lilian's body and want $200 000 or they will call the police. The tapes of Helen state that he can either give them the money or kill them. Marcia knows that Paul with undoubtedly try to kill them, which is when they contact the police. The plan goes relatively well until after the phone call. Carol accuses Larry of being attracted to Marcia, as he suggested a book to her and has been taking late night poker lessons from her. Larry expresses his same concerns with Ted. Carol asks him for some time alone and goes back to the apartment. Paul kidnaps her and brings her to his theater. He calls Larry and threatens to kill Carol, unless Larry brings Lilian's body. Though they were bluffing, Larry goes anyway to save his wife. Paul sees that Larry has no body, and they briefly fight. Larry runs off to find Carol, but he is disoriented when he enters the room behind the theater's screen. There are renovations being done, and there are several mirrors and windows reflecting the movie being played. Paul stalks him down with a gun, but is shot by Mrs. Dalton, the elderly woman. It is evident that they were having an affair, and she doesn't want him to run away with Helen. Larry finds Carol tied up and saves her, and they both call the police. The thrill of the whole ordeal has brought them closer. In an ending scene, Marcia explains to Ted what exactly took place  - the dead body in the apartment was Lilian's rich sister. The sister had a heart attack while visiting them, so the couple took advantage of the situation. Lilian hid as her husband called the police and claimed his wife died. They looked so similar no one noticed. Lilian left the apartment early in the morning and checked into a hotel. She was to pretend to be her sister, changing her will so she and her husband received all her money. After this was done, Paul double-crossed and killed her, so he could run off with Helen. The plan went perfectly until Carol and Larry interfered."] ['The story is a variation of the mistaken identity and impersonation theme made popular by The Prisoner of Zenda and other works. In this film, Wilder plays a former mental patient who is released from hospital but is mistaken for his doppelgänger, who happens to be a millionaire. Pryor plays a con man who tries to keep Wilder out of trouble, while taking advantage of the mistaken identity.'] ['In December 1958, Norville Barnes, a business college graduate from Muncie, Indiana, arrives in New York City looking for a job. He struggles, due to lack of experience, and becomes a mailroom clerk at Hudsucker Industries. Meanwhile, the company founder and president, Waring Hudsucker, unexpectedly commits suicide by jumping out of a top-floor window. When Sidney J. Mussburger, a ruthless member of the board of directors, learns that Hudsucker\'s stock shares will be sold to the public soon, he mounts a scheme to buy the controlling interest in the company: he will temporarily depress the stock price by hiring an incompetent president to replace Hudsucker. Shortly before his last meeting, Hudsucker sent Mussburger a top-secret communication called a "Blue Letter", which Norville is assigned to deliver. After meeting Norville, Mussburger selects him as a proxy for Hudsucker. Across town, Amy Archer , a brassy Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter for the Manhattan Argus, is assigned to write a story about Norville and find out what kind of man he really is. She gets a job at Hudsucker Industries as his personal secretary, pretending to be yet another desperate graduate from Muncie. One night, Amy searches the building to find clues and meets Moses, a man who operates the tower\'s giant clock and knows "just about anything if it concerns Hudsucker." He tells her Mussburger\'s plot and she takes the story back to her Chief, but he does not believe a word of it. The other executives decide to accept Norville\'s invention for the hula hoop, in the hope that it will depress the company\'s stock. However, the hula hoop brings the company greater success than before. Amy is infuriated over Norville\'s new attitude and leaves him. Buzz, the eager elevator operator, pitches a new invention: the flexi-straw. Norville does not like it and fires Buzz. Meanwhile, the Hudsucker janitor, Aloysius, discovers Amy\'s true identity and informs Mussburger. Mussburger reveals Amy\'s secret identity to Norville and tells him that he will be dismissed as president after the new year. Mussburger also convinces the board that Norville is insane and must be sent to the local psychiatric hospital. On New Year\'s Eve, Amy finds Norville drunk at a beatnik bar. She apologizes, but he storms out and is chased by an angry mob led by Buzz, who was led by Mussburger to believe that Norville stole the hula hoop idea. Norville escapes to the top floor of the Hudsucker skyscraper and changes back into his mailroom uniform. He climbs out on the ledge, where Aloysius locks out Norville and watches as he slips and falls off the building at the stroke of midnight. All of a sudden, Moses stops the clock and time freezes. Waring Hudsucker appears to Norville as an angel and tells him that the Blue Letter that was supposed to be delivered to Mussburger contains a legal document indicating that Hudsucker\'s shares would go to his immediate successor, which is now Norville. Moses fights and defeats Aloysius inside the tower, allowing Norville to fall safely to the ground. Norville and Amy reconcile. As 1959 progresses, it is Mussburger who is sent to the asylum while Norville develops a new invention "for kids," a flying disc of some kind that will ultimately turn out to be a frisbee.'] ["{{plot}} The film opens with a freighter at sea exploding and news announcements. The cause of the explosion is a mystery, with all crew accounted for with the exception of two unidentified stowaways. Jeff Peters  and Orville 'Turkey' Jackson  are seen floating at sea aboard a pile of wreckage. It was Jeff's idea to stow away, but it was Orville 'smoking in the powder room' that caused the explosion. As the two joke about eating one another to survive, they spot land in the distance. As they sit on the beach, Orville reminds Jeff of his promise to Aunt Lucy, to take care of him. Jeff reminds him that Aunt Lucy died before he could agree. They are interrupted by a convenient camel, and they hitch a ride. Once in the city, they are nearly run over by Arabs shooting guns, led by the sheik Mullay Kasim . Jeff and Orville learn the sheik is pursuing a princess for marriage. Orville is approached by a group of bearers carrying someone in a veiled box. A beautiful hand takes his and then leaves, with Orville in pure bliss. In a restaurant, Jeff and Orville eat heartily, while trying to figure out how to get past the knife-wielding owner without paying. A man  takes Jeff aside and hands over a great deal of money. Orville is happy to be able to pay for the meal, until he learns that Jeff 'sold' him. Orville is furious, especially since neither of them know why the man bought him. Jeff calms him down and tells Orville he'll buy him back, eventually; and two men throw a hood over Orville and carry him off. A week later, Jeff is woken by a vision of Aunt Lucy  who shames him for his act. Jeff says he tried to buy Orville back, but learned he was re-sold to someone else. Aunt Lucy tells him he has to find Orville, and recommends singing Orville's favorite song. Jeff walks through the street singing,  until a note, with Orville's locket is tossed at him from the palace window. The note, written by Orville, says he's being tortured and warns Jeff of danger. Jeff, thinking Orville is in trouble, scales the palace wall. Hearing a woman singing, Jeff sneaks into the palace and see a lot of beautiful girls dancing for the beautiful Princess Shalmar  and singing to a very relaxed Orville. Jeff storms in and is grabbed by guards. Orville feigns ignorance and tries to send him away. The princess dismisses everyone, except for Jeff. Orville admits the truth, but it's clear he's still mad at Jeff. He says he and the princess are to be married. Jeff is surprised, but the princess says her wise man read the stars and told her to marry Orville. She was the one that passed Orville in the veiled box, and also the one that purchased him. As she plants a passionate kiss on Orville, Jeff decides to stick around; a decision that almost brings him and Orville to blows, but the princess invites Jeff to stay. As Orville is waited on by beautiful girls, he learns from one of them, Mihirmah, the princess was supposed to marry Kasim, but also tells Orville she loves him too. Jeff breaks up the party and confronts Orville, who has Jeff thrown out. Jeff wanders the palace singing, an act that attracts the princess and they go on a moonlit walk. Mihirmah tries to get Orville to run away with her. Jeff tries to tell the princess that HE was the one sold and should be marrying her, but he is interrupted by a sword wielding Orville. The next morning an angry Kasim confronts Princess Shalmar for marrying someone else. He is prepared to kill Orville but the princess takes him to the wise man Hyder Kahn. Hyder Khan said he had read the stars and found that Princess Shalmar's first husband is destined to die a violent death within a week of the marriage, and the second husband would be blessed with long life and happiness. The princess tells Kasim that Orville is the first husband, and when he dies, she'll happily marry Kasim and they will live in happiness. Kasim finally understands and embraces the princess. Orville finds out about the prophecy and fruns to Jeff and convinces him that the princess actually loves him and he's going to run off with Mihirmah. Later that night, Orville is visited and shamed by Aunt Lucy's spirit, but Orville refuses to tell Jeff the truth. Meanwhile, the wise man realizes that he had been misreading the stars due to fireflies in his telescope; his prophecies are incorrect. Princess Shalmar refuses to marry Jeff, even though Orville is eager to get out of the marriage. The princess sends Orville away to get ready for the wedding. The wise man runs in and tells the princess and Jeff of the incorrect prophecy. The princess is happy and tells Jeff now she can marry him and not Kasim. Jeff realizes why Orville was so eager to get out of the marriage, but decides not to tell him. Instead he says the princess changed her mind, and Orville is only too eager to accept. Meanwhile the wise man's assistant tells Kasim, who rallies his men. The Princess and Jeff decide to get married in the U. S., accompanied by Orville and Mirhamah but they are confronted by Kasim, who takes the princess and gives Mihirmah to one of his men. Jeff and Orville try to use their 'patty-cake' routine on Kasim, but it backfires. They escape into the palace with the girls but are found and captured. Kasim takes the women and strands Jeff and Orville in the desert. They wander aimlessly, seeing a diner, but it's a mirage. They see a vision of a singing Princess Shalmar, which spurs them onward. They find an oasis which is near Kasim's camp. They try to sneak in, but are captured. They see another set of horsemen and learn its an enemy sheik who was invited as a token of peace. They manage to escape and set the two sheiks against each other. In the chaos Jeff and Orville grab the girls and escape. Later, on a boat home, Orville sneaks into the powder room for a cigarette. There is an explosion and then we see all four afloat a pile of wreckage. Fortunately, they are near New York harbor."] ['The Bumstead family decides to spend a healthy 4-July at the ranch Hannah. A young couple is preparing to flee. The boy, Charlie  and Blondie , when Charlie sprained ankle, so Dagwood  is preparing to take the girl for him. Dagwood comes to the window of his father by mistake, and like the old man is about to explode with anger, Baby Dumpling to explodes fireworks, but turns out to be a stick of dynamite.'] ['Priscilla is a college freshman girl on scholarship from an abstinence group that guards against sex until marriage. She inadvertently gets drunk at a party and is filmed topless by "Chicks Go Crazy" (a parody of [[Girls Gone Wild . After her actions on a night of debauchery are caught on camera, she and her friends must travel across country to recover the incriminating footage.'] ['Four New Jersey girls set off to New York City to see the Beatles\' Ed Sullivan show: Rosie Petrofsky  is in love with Paul, and wants to meet him in person; Grace Corrigan , is certain that if she can get some exclusive photos of The Beatles, her career as a photographer will be secured; Pam Mitchell ([[Nancy Allen , is about to get married and wants to have one last night of fun before her wedding; and Janis Goldman  believes that the Beatles "undermine artistic integrity", and tags along to protest their music. They are aided by Larry Dubois  – their "chauffeur" – and tough guy Tony Smerko , who is annoyed that the Beatles are supplanting American acts on the charts and on the radio, but who tags along, just the same.'] ['Aspiring writer Lester Grimm  starts going out with Ramona Ray  after being introduced by Lester\'s friend Vince  and Vince\'s fiancee Lucretia . They immediately hit it off, but Ramona mentions on their first date that one of her ex-boyfriends is famous writer Dashiell Frank . Lester becomes slightly jealous. One day Lester is walking down the street and he spots Dashiell and follows him. He then notices how Dashiell goes to group therapy. He then joins the group, pretending that he is actually his friend, Vince. After several sessions with the group and Dr. Poke , Dashiell is complaining about how he has never been faithful when Lester bursts out with some criticism that shocks everyone. After a couple more sessions, Lester decides to leave the therapy group, which Vince strongly advises against, as he had asked Lester to talk about him to get some personal advice. Vince then convinces Lester to stay for two more sessions, where Lester continues to \'fight\' Dashiell. During one particular session, Dashiell is talking about a character in one of his books, and says that it was based on a true person. We are then led to believe that he is talking about Ramona. Lester still continues with the group therapy, even after the two sessions that he said was his last. After a session, Dashiell asks Lester if he would like to go for a drink. They go to a bar where they drink scotch and Dashiell reveals that he likes their arguments in therapy, since no one else speaks their minds. Lester had arranged to meet Ramona after the session, but has forgotten about it, while Dashiell and Lester become friends. When Lester goes to Ramona\'s house later, and apologizes for not meeting her, he lies and said that he went to see "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance," and that it was shot in color, although if he had seen the film he would have known it was in black and white. Dashiell invites Lester to come over to his house for a drink, and he agrees. Here we meet Irene , Dashiell\'s girlfriend. After the meeting, Lester and Ramona are lying on the bed, where Ramona reveals that a past boyfriend, Steven , had come over and that they had had sex, but that it was before she and Lester were serious. She then says that her relationship with Steven is over, and that the sex hadn\'t meant anything. Later, when Lester is having dinner at Ramona\'s house, Ramona reveals her sexual past, which proves that she couldn\'t be the character that Dashiell had described earlier. They then talk about the first time they slept together, which leads to an argument. At the next therapy session, the true Vince joins the group, under a fake name as \'Leo\' and adopts a British accent for the therapy. Vince then reveals Lester\'s problems to the group, but says that they are his own, even though Lester objects. After the session they have an argument. In another session, Dashiell reveals that he had met Ramona coincidently after a meeting, and that they had had sex. Lester then walks out of the session, to find Ramona. She is outside and they have an argument in the street, while the rest of the group come out to see what happens. All of the lies are revealed, and Dashiell punches Lester. Lester begins to walk away, then turns around, walks up to Dashiell and says "She\'s my girlfriend", and punches him. Lester and Ramona argue and break up. Several months later, at the Iowa Writer\'s Workshop, Lester working on his writing, and back in New York, Ramona has been going to Dr. Poke for therapy. The scene then shifts to Vince and Lucretia\'s wedding, where Lester and Ramona see each other. Lester outstretches his hand, asking Ramona to dance. At first she hesitates, saying how long it had taken for her to get over him, and he agrees. He then outstretches his hand again, and this time she accepts.'] ['Gaylord Myron "Greg" Focker  and his fiancée Pam Byrnes  decide to introduce their parents to each other. They first fly to Oyster Bay, Long Island, to pick up Pam\'s father, retired CIA operative Jack Byrnes , her mother Dina  and one-year-old nephew Little Jack. But rather than going to the airport as planned, Jack decides to drive the family to Miami to meet the Fockers in his new RV. Once they arrive, they are greeted by Greg\'s eccentric but fun-loving and amiable father, Bernie , and mother, Roz , who is a sex therapist for elder couples. Worried that Jack may be put off by the Fockers\' lifestyle, Greg convinces Roz to pretend that she is a yoga instructor for the weekend. Though Jack and Bernie get off to a good start, small cracks begin to form between Jack and the Fockers, due to their contrasting personalities. Things are made worse when a chase between the Fockers\' dog, Moses, and the Byrnses\' cat, Jinx, culminates with Jinx flushing Moses down the RV\'s toilet, forcing Bernie to destroy it to save Moses, and later on when Bernie accidentally injures Jack\'s back during a game of football. Pam, meanwhile, informs Greg that she is pregnant, but the two decide to keep it a secret from Jack, who does not know they are having sex. Jack, however, becomes suspicious of Greg\'s character again when they are introduced to the Fockers\' housekeeper, Isabel Villalobos , who Bernie reveals Greg had a sexual affair with fifteen years before. Jack later takes the RV to Isabel\'s fifteen-year-old son, Jorge , to fix the toilet, but is disturbed by Jorge\'s striking resemblance to Greg and begins to suspect he may be Greg\'s son with Isabel. Meanwhile, Roz, Bernie and Dina realise Pam is pregnant, but promise not to tell Jack. Growing envious of Bernie and Roz\'s active sex life, Dina consults Roz on sex tips in order to seduce Jack, but none of them work. Things eventually come to a crunch when Greg is left alone to babysit Little Jack, who Jack has been raising via the Ferber method. Despite Jack\'s instructions to leave Little Jack to self-soothe by himself, Greg cannot bear to listen to Little Jack\'s cries and tends to the boy to cheer him up, turning the television on, acting funny and inadvertently teaching Little Jack to say "asshole". A brief phone call from Roz is long enough for Little Jack to wander out of his pen , put on Scarface and glue his hands to a rum bottle. After a furious argument with the Fockers and his own family , Jack reverts to his old ways and sends Greg and Jorge\'s hair samples for a DNA test, while inviting Jorge to the Fockers\' planned engagement party in hopes of getting Greg to admit he is Jorge\'s father. At the engagement party, Jack introduces Greg to Jorge, and later when Greg refuses to admit Jorge is his son, Jack injects him with a truth serum to make him talk. On stage, Greg blurts out that Pam is pregnant and that Jorge is indeed his son  before finally passing out. When the others realise Jack\'s actions the next day, another argument ensues and Dina admits that they all knew Pam was pregnant and deliberately didn\'t tell him. Shocked and hurt by this, Jack leaves with his grandson. Bernie and Greg give pursuit, but are arrested by a policeman, LeFlore , for speeding. Jack returns to defend them after being informed Greg is not Jorge\'s father , but the overeager LeFlore arrests him as well. In their cell, Greg, Jack and Bernie make up and are released by the local judge, Ira , who is a student of Roz and close friend of the Focker family. Greg and Pam are married that weekend by Pam\'s ex-fiancée . During the party, Jack asks Roz for some sex tips and sneaks into the RV with Dina\' During the credits, Jack watches hidden baby-cam footage of the Fockers giving attention to Little Jack over Jack\'s previous objections: Roz gives Little Jack chocolate, Bernie advises him to use his crying to disagree with everything Jack says, and Greg pretends to drunkenly tell Little Jack to keep it a secret that he left to smoke pot not answer the phone when he left Little Jack unattended which resulted in Jack gluing his hands to a rum bottle and that Pam is not really pregnant and only said it so that Jack would let them get married. Greg then pretends to only just discover the camera but then after making mocking gestures at it, you realise that Greg knew about it all along and none of the things he said before were true.'] [' Nick and Nora Charles return from vacation to their home in San Francisco on New Year\'s Eve, where Nora\'s stuffy family expect the couple to join them for a formal dinner. Nick is despised by Nora\'s Aunt Katherine, the family matriarch, as his immigrant heritage and experience as a "flat foot" are considered below Nora. The true reason for their invitation is that Nora\'s cousin Selma\'s ne\'er-do-well husband Robert has been missing. Nick is coerced into a little quiet detective work for the family. They easily find Robert at a Chinese nightclub, where he\'s been conducting an affair with Polly, the star performer. Robert tries to extort money from Selma\'s unrequited love, David Graham : $25,000 and Robert will leave Selma alone permanently. Unknown to Robert, Polly and the nightclub\'s owner, Dancer, plan to grift the money and dispose of him. After being paid off, and returning home for some clothes, Robert is shot at the stroke of midnight. David finds Selma standing over Robert and hurriedly disposes of her gun. Despite this, the police determine that she\'s the prime suspect, and her fragile mental state only strengthens the case. Selma insists that she never fired her gun, and Nick is now obliged to investigate and determine the true murderer. As suspects pile up, schemes and double-crosses are found and two more murders occur, including Polly\'s brutal brother. Lt. Abrams  readily accepts Nick\'s assistance. Nick follows a trail of clues that lead him to the apartment of a mysterious "Anderson". As in the previous film, the true murderer is the least likely suspect, betrayed by a trivial slip-up during a final interrogation and denouement featuring all the suspects. The case solved, and once again, traveling by train, Nora reveals to Nick that they are expecting a baby, although Nick has to be prodded into putting the "clues" together and she comments: "And you call yourself a detective."'] ['Chester  is desperate for a promotion at work. To impress his boss, he claims to have been a good soccer player in his youth and is badgered into coaching a girls\' team called the Ladybugs. The Ladybugs are sponsored by his company and also includes the boss\'s daughter, Kimberly , as a player. The team makes a dreadful start to the season and the boss is less than impressed. In his personal life, Chester is engaged to Bess , who has a son, Matthew , from a previous marriage. Matthew just happens to be a great soccer player. Chester invites Matthew to watch the Ladybugs practice and to get some tips. Matthew falls for Kimberly the second he sees her and it is partly due to this that Chester persuades him to dress like a girl and play for the team under the name Martha. With only Chester and Matthew knowing the secret of Martha\'s identity, the team wins the rest of its games to get to the championship game. Kimberly makes friends with Martha, not knowing "she" is in fact Matthew. Just before the championship game, Bess finds out that Matthew has been dressing as a girl to play. She becomes angry with Chester, making him drop Matthew from the team. Kimberly, who has not been playing well, is also dropped on the request of Chester\'s boss. The Ladybugs go down 3-0 in the first half. At halftime, Matthew reveals to Kimberly and the rest of the team that he is Martha. His honesty fires the team up and with Chester\'s encouragement, Kimberly scores the winning goal on a penalty kick. As the Ladybugs win the championship, Chester gets his promotion. Bess and Chester get married while Matthew and Kimberly begin dating.'] ["Richard Babson and Paula McCullen are a couple of Hollywood screenwriters who have lived and worked together for a number of years. Richard would like to get married, but Paula doesn't feel the need. Having just written a film script for producer Larry Weissman, the couple decides to get married without letting anyone else know. Paula can tell it is important to Richard, so she reluctantly agrees. They are wed in a downtown Los Angeles marriage bureau by a man named Jorge Medina in barely understandable English. For a honeymoon trip, they travel cross-country by train to inform their parents back East about what they have just done. The first stop is Buffalo, New York, where they are met in a winter snowstorm by Paula's parents. Eleanor and Tim McCullen are old-fashioned, so Paula informs Richard that they will need to sleep in separate beds. Richard isn't happy about being treated like a child, or about the frigid climate and the constantly open window. From there they go to Virginia to visit Richard's parents, who reside in a giant high-rise condominium. No window is ever opened there, and Paula, feeling increasing panic attacks, is in dire need of some fresh air. She also accidentally overdoses on Valium and goes face-first into a salad at lunch. The Babsons excitedly believe that Paula and Richard are engaged but devastated to learn that they are already married. They throw a party at a restaurant, where Paula is upset by the comments of guests. She and Richard are barely on speaking terms when Larry Weissman shows up, desperate for pages of a script rewrite. Paula insists that they return home to California immediately, but once there, their personal and professional relationship has soured. Larry locks them in a room, where the writers bicker and get no work done. Paula again demands fresh air until Richard breaks a window. When they finally talk it through, they are in agreement that getting married might not have been the best idea. They finish the rewrite and then walk off into the sunset, which turns out to be a Hollywood prop.  The film's theme song, How Do You Keep the Music Playing?, was composed by Michel Legrand with lyrics by Alan and Marilyn Bergman. In the film, the song  is first heard as Richard and Paula return to Los Angeles after their honeymoon and then subsequently heard during the closing credits. How Do You Keep the Music Playing? was nominated for an Academy Award and has enjoyed a life of its own beyond the film, becoming a popular standard and recorded by such luminaries and Tony Bennett, Frank Sinatra, Barbra Streisand and Céline Dion."] ["In 1939, a new radio network based at station WBN in Chicago, Illinois begins its inaugural night. The station's owner, General Walt Whalen, depends on his employees to impress main sponsor Bernie King. This includes writer Roger Henderson, assistant director Penny Henderson , page boy Billy Budget, engineer Max Applewhite, conductor Rick Rochester, announcer Dexter Morris, director Walt Whalen, Jr. and stage manager Herman Katzenback. After King commissions rewrites on the radio scripts, the WBN writers get angry, adding to the fact that they have not been paid in weeks. When Ruffles Reedy, a trumpet player, falls dead from rat poisoning, a series of events ensue. Director Walt Jr. is hanged , and his father, the General, has the Chicago Police Department  get involved to solve the murder mysteries as the nightly radio performance continues. Herman Katzenback is then killed after attempting to fix the main stage when the machinery malfunctions. Penny is appointed both stage manager and director due to Walt Jr. and Katzenback's deaths. Writer Roger Henderson tries to solve the killings, much to the annoyance of the police, led by Lieutenant Cross. Because Roger unfortunately appears at every scene of crime just as the murders take place, he is ruled as the prime suspect. Roger and Billy Budget then theorize that announcer Dexter Morris is the next to die. Dexter ignores their warning and is killed from electrocution. By going through private documents in WBN's file room, Roger finds that the victims all previously worked together at a radio station in Peoria, Illinois, which he then correlates into a secretive FCC scandal. King  and General Whalen  are the next to die after Roger's warning, causing even more suspicion from the police. After escaping from custody, Roger uses Billy to communicate and send scripts to Penny. When rewriting one of programs, Gork: Son of Fire, Roger attempts to write the script with self-reference events, proving to everyone that the mysterious killer is actually sound engineer Max Applewhite. Max explains that his killings were a revenge scheme that dealt with stock holders and patents, specifically detailing his invention of television, which other scientists have copied. Roger and Penny are taken by Max atop the radio tower at gunpoint. Max is eventually killed when a biplane shows up and guns him down. Impressed by the nightly performance, the sponsors decide to fund WBN's career in broadcasting. Roger and Penny reconcile their complex relationship and decide not to divorce."] ["The film begins in Beirut, where a gang of anti-American leaders including Ayatollah Khomeini, Mikhail Gorbachev, Yasser Arafat, Muammar Gaddafi, Fidel Castro, and Idi Amin meet to plan the ultimate terrorist act against the United States. The man who is later shown to be Pahpshmir is also present. Frank Drebin  has been posing undercover as a waiter; he beats up all the attendees, discovering in the process that Gorbachev's famous birth-mark is dyed and various other shocking facts about them, and Frank warns them that they will never attack America as long as he is on the job. In Los Angeles, Officer Nordberg  unsuccessfully attempts to bust a heroin drug operation at the docks organized by Vincent Ludwig , and is shot numerous times by Ludwig's henchmen. After being briefed on the case by his best friend, Captain Ed Hocken ([[George Kennedy , Frank visits Nordberg in the hospital. Nordberg can provide only a few cryptic clues, including a picture of Ludwig's ship on which the deal had been organized. Frank later meets with wacky police scientist named Ted Olsen ([[Ed Williams , who has invented a cufflink that shoots out a tiny dart which renders the victim unconscious, promptly testing it on Hocken. While discussing Nordberg's case, it is revealed that the police force suspects Nordberg to be corrupt and involved in drug dealings. Hocken gives Drebin 24 hours to clear Nordberg's name. Pahpshmir meets with Ludwig, who announces that he will assassinate Queen Elizabeth II  for $20 million. With his beeper, and the victim's wrist-watch, Ludwig demonstrates that he can turn anyone into an unknowing assassin via the post-hypnotic suggestion. Later, Drebin visits Ludwig in his office and inadvertently lets slip the information that Nordberg is still alive, which results in an assassination attempt by a hypnotized physician. Frank chases the assassin in a commandeered teen driving school car until the luckless fugitive crashes the car into a gasoline truck, a U.S. Army missile transporter, and a fireworks factory. As Drebin works on the case, he meets and falls in love with Ludwig's assistant, Jane Spencer . It is eventually revealed that she knows nothing about Ludwig's plot, and after Jane learns of her employer's villainy, she helps Frank with his investigation. However, things go awry as Frank breaks into Ludwig's office to get crucial information. In the process of finding that information, Frank ends up setting a fire that completely destroys Ludwig's office. Later, to make things worse, after Frank believes he saw Ludwig attempt to kill the Queen at a reception, Frank ends up causing more trouble and is removed from Police Squad. During the Queen's visit to a California Angels baseball game, Jane tells Frank that one of the team's players will conduct the assassination. While hiding from his fellow policemen, who are now under orders to arrest him, Frank first attempt to disguise himself as the fictional opera singer Enrico Pallazzo, brutally mangling the U.S. national anthem along the way, then manages to secure the position of the home plate umpire, beginning to call the game, this in order to frisk all the players for weapons. Finally, realizing that he is running out of time, Frank goes to great lengths to delay the game, ultimately resorting to interfering with the play, to the ire of the managers of the Angels and the Seattle Mariners. Ludwig activates his 'sleeper', the right-fielder for the Angels, Reggie Jackson. Jane alerts Frank, who chases after Jackson. Jackson catches and tackles him, inadvertently triggering a bench-clearing brawl between the Angels and the Mariners, while Ludwig takes Jane to the top of the stadium with him at gunpoint. During the brawl, Jackson emerges from the pile and points his gun at the Queen. However, Frank fires one of Ted's cufflink darts to incapacitate Jackson, but accidentally hits a fat woman in the upper mezzanine instead. Still, Frank manages to save the Queen's life, because the dazed fat woman falls on top of Jackson, knocking him out. Frank later moves through the crowd to the top of the stadium, where Ludwig holds Jane with him at gunpoint. Frank shot Ludwig with the other cufflink dart, causing Ludwig to stagger and fall several stories over the stadium's railing. The USC marching band tromps over Ludwig's steamroller-flattened body, triggering his beeper and thus activating Jane's own post-hypnotic suggestion, which compels her to kill Frank with Ludwig's gun. Frank uses his reverse psychology to try and break Jane's hypnotized state by openly professing his feelings for her, and gives her an engagement ring, after which Jane is freed from Ludwig's hypnosis and finally accepts Frank's marriage proposal. Frank's speech is broadcast on the stadium screen, causing the teams and the audience to burst into tears, fall into each other's arms and make up. Afterwards, Frank and Jane meet Mayor Barkley , who reinstates Frank back to Police Squad, and Nordberg congratulates him. Nordberg, while still wheelchair-bound, seems much better until Frank pats Nordberg on the back and accidentally sends him toppling down the aisle and up over the railing of the stadium's upper deck."] ['The Stooges join the war effort by enlisting as Merchant Marines. While aboard, they have a brief run-in with  Lt. Dungen , and then mistake a torpedo for a beached whale. Moe says they have to kill it, and it promptly explodes. After being lost at sea for several days, they come across the SS Schicklgruber and climb aboard. Now with fully grown beards, they come across Lt. Dungen again, who does not recognize them. After realizing they are in with a nest of German sailors, they eventually overtake the crew and toss them overboard.'] ["In Visitors from New York, Hannah Warren is a Manhattan workaholic who flies to Los Angeles to retrieve her teenaged daughter Jenny after she leaves home to live with her successful screenwriter father Bill. The bickering divorced couple is forced to decide what living arrangements are best for the girl. In Visitors from London, Diana Barrie is a British actress and a first-time nominee for the Academy Award for Best Actress, an honour that could jumpstart her faltering career, although she knows she doesn't have a chance of winning. She is in deep denial about the true nature of her marriage of convenience to Sidney Cochran, a once-closeted antique dealer who has become increasingly indiscreet about his sexual preference. As she prepares for her moment in the spotlight, her mood fluctuates from hope to panic to despair. In Visitors from Philadelphia, conservative middle-aged businessman Marvin Michaels awakens to discover a prostitute named Bunny - an unexpected gift from his brother Harry - unconscious in his bed. With his wife Millie on her way up to the suite, he must find a way to conceal all traces of his uncharacteristic indiscretion. In Visitors from Chicago, Dr. Chauncey Gump and his wife Lola and Dr. Willis Panama and his wife Bettina are taking a much-needed vacation together. Things begin to unravel quickly when everything seems to go wrong and the two men decide to settle their differences by engaging in a very competitive mixed doubles tennis match."] ["Reporter Jean Christy  works for a newspaper in danger of being thrown away by its young owner, Pat Buckley , after Buckley has a falling-out with the Editor-in-chief, Robert Lansford . Meanwhile, Lansford hopes to gain tycoon John Dillingwell's  business for his PR firm, and uses his position at Buckley's paper to drum up good press for Dillingwell. In the process, he discovers that Dillingwell's granddaughter Lorri  is Buckley's fiancée. Lansford decides to try to charm Lorri while Christy makes a play for Buckley. At the end, Lansford ends up not with Lorri, but with Jean."] ['Wealthy heiress Joanna Stayton  is accustomed to living the life of the idle rich with her husband Grant Stayton III . When their yacht gets stuck in the rural hamlet of Elk Cove, Oregon for repairs, Joanna passes the time by hiring carpenter Dean Proffitt  to remodel her closet. Dean puts up with Joanna\'s demanding attitude, only to have her refuse to pay him because she dislikes the type of wood he used. When he demands payment, she shoves him overboard along with his tools. That night, Joanna falls overboard while searching for her wedding ring on deck, develops amnesia, is rescued by a garbage scow and taken to the local hospital. Grant goes to get her, but after seeing her mental state and mistreatment of the staff, he denies knowing her and returns to the yacht as a bachelor to embark on a spree of parties with younger women. After seeing her story on the local news, Dean, a widower living in redneck clutter with four young sons, decides to seek his revenge and remedy his own domestic problems by taking advantage of the situation. He goes to the hospital, tells Joanna that she is Annie, his wife of thirteen years and the mother of his sons. He convinces the staff of his identity by revealing a small birthmark on her behind, which he saw during the remodeling when she was wearing a revealing swimsuit. Unwillingly convinced, she goes with him to his home. At first, Joanna has difficulty dealing with Dean\'s boys and the heavy load of chores, including cooking raw food, doing laundry in a tub, caring for pets, housekeeping and only being able to sleep on the couch. She soon adapts to her new life as a housewife and begins to fall in love with Dean and his children. Dean is secretly working two jobs and Joanna handles the boys\' school issues, family issues and money challenges with considerable wisdom and grace. Seeing Dean struggle, she uses her untapped knowledge of things like the Seven Wonders of the World to draw up plans for a miniature golf course based on their shared designs. Although Dean has also fallen in love with Joanna, he fails to come clean with her being used as a mom in fear that she would leave them. Even when he tries to come clean when she discovers a pair of monogrammed panties from her former life which cause her to think he\'s having an affair, a friend, Billy Pratt , says they belonged to a girlfriend of his to get Dean off the hook. Meanwhile, giving in to the pressure of Joanna\'s inquisitive mother Edith , Grant reluctantly returns to Elk Cove to retrieve his wife. Joanna\'s memory returns to her upon seeing him and she is shocked and hurt when she realizes that Dean has been using her for months. She returns with Grant to the yacht where her mother and Dr. Korman, the family\'s bumbling psychiatrist, are waiting. Joanna finds her old life stuffy and pretentious. One evening after doing shots of Tequila with the crew, Joanna turns to Andrew , her loyal butler and apologizes for her poor treatment of him after all the things he had done for her in the past. Andrew replies that he is both surprised and pleased with the apology and observes that unlike most people, Joanna has been given an opportunity to see life from a different station than that to which she was born; he does not tell her what she must do, but merely states she is the one who can decide how to use the new perspective. Realizing how happy she was with Dean and the kids and how selfish and spoiled she was in her former life, she commandeers the yacht and turns back towards Elk Cove. When the neurotic and selfish Grant finds out, delusions of grandeur kick in and he accuses his wife of mutiny, admits he never loved her and commandeers the ship himself. Meanwhile, Dean and the boys go to get Joanna back with the help of Billy\'s friend in the Coast Guard. When they catch up to the yacht, Joanna and Dean both jump overboard and are reunited in the water. An incensed Grant actually attempts to shoot her with a bow and arrow, accusing her of mutiny for jumping ship, only to be unceremoniously booted over the side and into the water by Andrew, who then promptly gives his notice of quitting. Safely aboard the smaller vessel, Joanna, having left and unofficially divorced Grant, reveals to Dean that the yacht and the money are actually hers, not Grant\'s. Hours later, while the boys are making out their Christmas lists , Dean asks Joanna, "What could I possibly give you that you don\'t already have?" Joanna looks at her four stepsons, smiles, then replies: "A little girl."'] ['Arlo Pear  is a transportation engineer living in the New Jersey suburbs. One day he goes to work and meets a new female co-worker, and when both of them attempt to enter their keys in the same office doorknob, Arlo guesses what has happened and confronts his boss, Roy Hendersen. He learns that his company has merged with another, and now Arlo is out of a job. He ends the meeting by telling off his boss and in his state of anger, he flips Roy off using his index, rather than his middle finger. Arlo\'s wife Monica tries to defuse the situation by telling her husband that she can get him a job at her father\'s mustard plant, at least until something better comes along. Knowing a job in his own field would better suit him, Arlo refuses. His attempts to find work are futile until he receives a phone call from another engineering firm, due to Roy\'s influence. The firm all but hires him over the phone, and Arlo is excited – until he finds out that his new job will be in Boise, Idaho. With some hesitation, Arlo takes the job. Arlo breaks the news to his family first over dinner by telling them he has a new job, but holds off until telling them of the move until towards the end of the conversation, prompting angry responses from both his wife and his daughter Casey. The family uses a "swear jar" to collect cash penalties for the use of obscenities in the house, and Casey puts cash in the jar as she makes her feelings known. Shortly afterwards, Monica retrieves her purse and withdraws a large sum of cash, ordering their twin sons Randy and Marshall to leave the room, implying that her own use of profanity will cost her dearly. However, Monica calms down later that evening and agrees to the move, but Casey is much less willing to concede, even going so far as to sabotage their attempts to sell their home. They finally tie Casey up in the basement as an attempt to control her, which finally makes Casey listen to reason. They agree to let her stay with family friends in New Jersey until she graduates high school later that year. They sell the New Jersey home and buy one in Idaho from an eccentric older couple, with the husband saying "we\'re taking it with us" any arbitrary fixture , following some of the remarks with "just kidding", until it becomes a running joke. Arlo and Monica then hire a moving company, whose workers, Perry and Edwards, they find shady and decide to sign with another moving company, whom they perceive as much more professional. Much to their dismay, Perry and Edwards show up and inform them that they now work for the new movers. When Arlo protests, he is intimidated into submission by their massive assistant, Gorgo, . Having no options left on their moving day, they reluctantly comply. Throughout all of this is the Pears\' relationship with Frank Crawford , the obnoxious next-door neighbor in New Jersey who is a shell-shocked Vietnam veteran with antisocial tendencies, including using a noisy V8-powered contraption that he uses to mow his grass every Saturday. However, the passive Arlo is afraid of Frank  and fails to reason with him to reduce his noisemaking on the weekends. Despite this, Frank introduces himself to Arlo\'s new homebuyers under the guise of the model neighbor, telling Arlo he does so "because you people bore me". Next is finding someone to drive Arlo\'s Saab to Idaho. They find the ideal driver in Brad Williams , a presumed squeaky-clean milquetoast to do the job. However, as they\'re on the road, they pass Brad at one point, but find him dressed in women\'s clothes. It\'s then revealed that Brad is a sociopath with multiple personality disorder. The Pears arrive at their new home, only to find the pool, windows and doors removed, along with various other fixtures that the seller told the Pears they would be taking with them, without mentioning "just kidding" afterwards . Then they meet their next-door neighbor, mowing his grass with a large V8-powered contraption and who bears a strong resemblance to Frank Crawford. They learn that he is Cornell Crawford, Frank\'s twin brother, and with the same confrontational attitude. The events of the day fill up the "Swear Jar" and begin another, almost full "Swear Jar II". They find that none of their belongings have been delivered. They find that Perry, Edwards and Gorgo have made a stop in New Orleans, way out of their way towards the intended destination. Brad shows up in the Saab, which has been all but totally destroyed. Then, when it seems things can\'t go any more wrong, Arlo finds that his new job has been eliminated in a very public manner during a press conference. Arlo heads to an area tavern to drown his sorrows and is knocked to the floor during a drunken rant about his plight by a patron who mistakes his rant for a holdup. Unable to take any more, Arlo first gets on the phone with the former owner of his new home, threatening him physically if he doesn\'t immediately replace the fixtures he took. Then finds the movers on the road and convinces them to pull the truck over. He knocks out all three, including the massive Gorgo and manages to save his new job. Finally, returns home, with a new attitude and finds Casey who has decided to join them out west after all. The house is begun to be restored to its pre-sale condition. The movers, including a polite and well-spoken Gorgo, handle their belongings with extreme professionalism. And when Cornell Crawford gets ready to mow his grass, he is interrupted by Pear, who tells him to put his contraption back in the garage and invest in a "human-sized mower". As Cornell says "who\'s going to make me", he\'s answered with ferocious barking from Flipper, the Pears\' normally hopelessly lazy dog, apparently at the end of his own rope from all the moving mess. Cornell immediately backs off, obviously alarmed, and expresses his admiration for his new neighbors. The film ends with Arlo replying to his new neighbor by flipping him his index finger.'] ['The principal setting of the story is Marwood Zoo , a fictional zoo that resembles Marwell Wildlife. Marwood Zoo has recently been acquired by Octopus Inc., a conglomerate headed by billionaire New Zealander Rod McCain , the most powerful man alive. Octopus Inc. requires that all its investments return at least a 20% profit. The director of the zoo is retired Hong Kong Police Force officer Rollo Lee . In order to meet the new revenue target, Lee institutes a "fierce creatures" theme, on the assumption that a zoo that only exhibits dangerous animals and emphasizes violence will attract more visitors. All the animal keepers, including the spider-handler Bugsy , vociferously protest the policy, and make various attempts to get Rollo to change his mind. When newly-hired executive Willa Weston  arrives at the zoo from Octopus Inc. to take over, she demotes Rollo to middle management. Tagging along is Vince McCain , vice president of marketing for Octopus Inc. and son of Rod McCain. The animals\' keepers are enraged when Vince covers zoo and animals alike with advertisements after secretly garnering numerous sponsorships. When Rod McCain arrives in London for a visit, everyone is concerned about the zoo\'s status. Rollo and Bugsy learn that Rod wants to close the zoo for under-performing, and it is revealed that Vince has been stealing the sponsorship money. A confrontation takes place at the zoo office, with Willa, Rollo and Bugsy stopping Vince from running off with a bag containing the money. When Bugsy refuses to shut up, Vince loses his temper and grabs a Beretta pistol from the management office. Rod arrives just as Vince is being subdued, and he announces that the police are on the way to arrest Vince for stealing. Vince tries but fails to shoot his father, and when Bugsy takes the pistol it accidentally goes off, shooting Rod between the eyes. In the panic that follows, a plan emerges to fool the arriving police. The animal caretakers work together to dress Vince up as Rod, since he can imitate his father\'s New Zealand accent fairly well. When the police and Rod\'s assistant, Neville, arrive, Vince  tells them that he has re-written his will, specifying that the zoo will become a trust of the caretakers and Vince inherits everything else, and he wants all of them to be witnesses. After signing the new will, Vince locks himself in a caretaker hut where he feigns Rod\'s suicide. Now free, the zookeepers destroy the evidence of McCain\'s ownership. Vince becomes the new CEO of Octopus , while Willa and Rollo begin a new life together while continuing to run the zoo.'] ['New York City in the 1920s is where gambler "Honey Talk" Nelson  crosses paths with bookie "Jumbo" Schneider . Nelson has two choices, cement shoes or "fixing" a horse race in Maryland. Naturally, Nelson heads to Maryland with his cousin Virgil Yokum  tagging along. Once in Maryland, Nelson falls for the owner  of the horse that has been chosen for the "fix". Virgil has also fallen in love, with the horse\'s veterinarian . Nelson decides that love should prevail and refuses to go along with the plan. Meanwhile, an English jockey , who is to ride the horse, is prevented from performing his job by Schneider\'s mobsters and Yokum winds up riding the horse to victory.'] ['Wallace Ritchie  flies from Des Moines, Iowa to England to spend his birthday with his brother, James , the same evening James is to hold a business dinner. Though James is all too happy to spend time with Wally, his presence threatens to sour the evening, and so James sets Wallace up with an interactive improv theatre business, the "Theatre of Life," which promises to treat the participant as a character in a crime drama. Before the night begins, James hands Wallace a pair of Ambassador cigars, promising to "fire them up" before midnight in celebration of Wally\'s birthday. Trouble begins when Wallace answers a phone call intended for a hitman at the same payphone that the Theatre of Life uses for its act. The contact, Sir Roger Daggenhurst , mistakes Wallace as a hitman he\'d hired named Spencer. Thinking it\'s part of the act, Wallace uses that identity. The real Spencer  picks up the phone call meant for Wally and murders one of the actors, prompting a search for Wallace. Sir Roger, his assistant Hawkins , the British Defense Minister Gilbert Embleton , and a Russian intelligence member Sergei  plan to detonate an explosive device  during a dinner between British and Russian dignitaries, in order to rekindle the Cold War and replace their aging technology. Still believing he\'s acting with the Theatre of Life even after he is comedically mugged, Wally meets Lori , Embleton\'s call-girl. Lori plans to blackmail Embleton for a substantial amount of money using letters that detail the assassination plot. Spencer was hired specifically to eliminate her and destroy the letters. Wallace scares off Embleton when he arrives to look for them and drives Spencer off. Fearing their plot will be revealed, Daggenhurst hires two "plumbers", while Sergei hires now-inactive spy Boris "The Butcher" Blavasky , all charged with eliminating "Spencer". Boris succeeds in killing the real Spencer, but Wallace and Lori come back, retrieving the letters. When Wallace uses Spencer\'s communicator during a conversation with Daggenhurst, he tells him that "I know a couple of guys who\'re hoping to fire up some big Ambassadors, at 11:59," referring to James\' promise. Thinking the words refer to the assassination plot, both sides believe he is an American spy that has caught on to their scheme. After a police chase ends with Daggenhurst convincing the police that Wallace is a spy, Daggenhurst offers Wallace and Lori 3 million British pounds in return for the letters, at the same hotel where the dinner is taking place. This is a ruse to capture them both and kill them off. All the while Wally gets close to his "co-star" Lori, who confesses she\'d love to study acting once they\'re paid. Wally contacts James, but is captured, prompting James to call the Theatre for more time. By this point, the police have interrogated the actors and are waiting for answers from James, who thinks the officer he\'s talking to is an uncooperative actor. Believing James is an accomplice to the murder, they send a strike team to foil what they believe was a terrorist plot. However, James has already left to seek Wally at the hotel, having seen the news report that Wallace had murdered an actor. Wally meets Boris face-to-face, but Boris\' attempts to find out who he\'s working for with truth serum fails . Boris opts for torture by Dr. Rudmilla Kropotkin , but Wally and Lori escape. Lori and Wally separate, while James is captured and sent to Dr. Kropotkin while looking for Wally. Wally unwittingly finds himself as part of a group of Russian folk dancers. During the routine, he uses the Matryoshka doll bomb, disarms it seconds before it goes off, blocks a poison dart from Boris, and completely steals the show with his improvised dancing. Realizing their plot has failed, Sergei and Daggenhurst bring out two bags containing the promised 3 million for Wallace and Lori and release James, who is exhausted but otherwise fine after his torture session. Boris congratulates Wallace for his impressive covert skills and gives him a souvenir pistol, telling Wallace he will continue his butcher shop business. Sergei and Daggenhurst attempt to escape with half the money and discover Wally\'s doll, which they believe is only a normal one he picked out for himself. They are proven wrong when they realign the doll, reactivating the bomb and blowing them up, just as Wally and Lori share a kiss. Some time later on an exotic beach Wally unwittingly incapacitates a spy , passing a test by an unknown American espionage group. Believing he is capable of being a top agent, they offer him a position on "the team". Thinking that they wish to make him a movie star, Wallace accepts their offer. The movie ends with Wallace persuading them to act like dogs, desperate to have him join them.'] ['A gorgeous actress named Didi  has become more famous for commercials involving bubble baths than for acting. Fed up with the situation, she winds up running away for a while to Oregon, where she encounters a middle-aged married man  who quickly becomes extremely anxious to explore their acquaintance further.'] ["The Cocoanuts is set in the Hotel de Cocoanut, a resort hotel, during the Florida land boom of the 1920s. Mr. Hammer  runs the place, assisted by Jamison , who would rather sleep at the front desk than actually help him run it. Chico and Harpo arrive with empty luggage, which they plan to fill by robbing and conning the guests. Mrs. Potter  is one of the few paying customers. Her daughter Polly  is in love with struggling young architect Bob Adams . He works to support himself as a clerk at the hotel, but has plans for the development of the entire area. Mrs. Potter wants her daughter to marry Harvey Yates , whom she believes to be of higher social standing than the clerk. This suitor is actually a con man out to steal the dowager's diamond necklace with the help of his conniving partner Penelope ."] ["The Stooges are street peddler greeting card salesmen who anger a man on the street after an accidental altercation. They are then approached by a woman  with a request to help her make her husband  jealous. The Stooges defend themselves against the irate husband with their usual combatives and flee from the husband shouting his threats. In hiding from him, they line up on a queue that takes them to a recruitment office by mistake and end up joining the army.  No sooner are they getting acclimated with their new army surrounding when they meeting their Drill instructor-sergeant: Hugh Dare, the irate husband/man on the street. Sgt. Dare desperately attempts to teach the Stooges the standard military drill from the manual of arms. He then threatens them during bayonet practice. The Stooges are sent to the front line, where they decide to take a long nap. After learning that Sgt. Dare has been captured by the enemy, they are instructed to detonate a laughing gas shell, which manages to explode on them rather than the enemy due to their pointing the cannon upward. Laughing hysterically, the Stooges are brought to enemy headquarters where Sgt. Dare is being detained. The enemy communicate in pig latin; hopped up by the gas, the Stooges gleefully use their violence in a wild free for all fight against their captors, including an accidental sword thrust to the rear of the sergeant and his retaliatory punch to the enemy captain that makes him fall on the pointed end of his pickelhaube helmet. The Stooges knock out everyone, including all the enemy soldiers and Sgt. Dare. After emerging victorious, several guns fire at them, with shells whizzing past, the Stooges always ducking in laughter or leaning back giggling, each time missing another shell. Finally, the last shot's shell passes between their legs and takes them into the clouds."] ["Richie Maxwell is down to his last quarter at a slot machine in Atlantic City, so he asks cousin Evan for two more coins for one more spin — a spin that wins a $400,000 jackpot. The joy of victory is quickly replaced by a fierce disagreement over who deserves what. Richie begins by offering Evan a very small percentage of his winnings. Evan didn't expect anything at first but now he is offended because he provided two-thirds of the money Richie sank into the machine. A bitter feud develops. Richie, a sneaker designer, hogs all the money and quits his job. Evan, a doctor, is so annoyed that, as a prank, he lets Richie believe he is dying. By the time he reveals the joke, Richie has done something drastic. The more rattled Evan gets, the more distracted he becomes at work. And even when the cousins come to a tentative truce, everything backfires on them in events that involve girlfriends, relatives and even the homeless."] ['Larry Abbot  and Vickie Pearle  are radio stars in the Manhattan Mystery Theater who decide to get married. Larry has been plagued with on-air panic attacks and speech impediments lately since he proposed to Vickie. Vickie thinks it\'s just pre-wedding jitters, but his affliction could get them both fired. Larry\'s uncle, Dr. Paul Abbot, decides that Larry needs to be cured of his neurotic speech defect and exaggerated panic attacks. Paul decides to treat him with a form of shock therapy to "scare him to death" in much the same way someone might try to startle someone out of hiccups. Larry chooses the castle-like mansion located in rural upstate New York in which he grew up as the site for their wedding. There, Vickie gets to meet Larry\'s eccentric family: great-aunt Kate , who plans to leave all her money to Larry; his uncle, Francis; and Larry\'s cousins, Charles, Nora, Susan, and the cross-dressing Francis Jr. Also present are the estate\'s butler, Pfister, and his wife, Rachel, the maid; Sylvia, Larry\'s old girlfriend who is now married to Charles; and Susan\'s magician husband, Montego the Magnificent. Paul decides this is the perfect opportunity to set his plan to "cure" Larry in motion and he gets the other family members in on the plan. Unfortunately for all of them, something else more sinister and unexpected is lurking at the Abbot Estates. The pre-wedding party becomes a real life version of Larry and Vickie\'s radio murder mysteries.'] ['Twenty-three years after scoring the winning touchdown for his college football team (as told in [[The Freshman  mild-mannered Harold Diddlebock , who has been stuck in a dull, dead-end book-keeping job for years, is let go by his pompous boss, advertising tycoon J.E. Waggleberry , with nothing but a tiny pension. He bids farewell to the girl at the desk down the aisle, Miss Otis , whom he had hoped to marry &ndash; just as he had hoped to marry five of her older sisters before that &ndash; and wanders aimlessly through the streets, his life\'s savings in hand. He falls in with a racetrack tout named Wormy  and finds himself in a bar. When he tells the bartender  that he\'s never had a drink in his life, the barkeep creates a potent cocktail he calls "The Diddlebock", one sip of which is enough to release Harold from all his inhibitions, setting him off on a day-and-a-half binge of spending and carousing. When his widowed sister Flora  wakes him up, he finds that he has a hangover, but he also has a garish new wardrobe, a ten-gallon hat, a hansom cab complete with driver, and ownership of a bankrupt circus. Trying to sell the circus Harold and Wormy visit circus-loving Wall Street banker Lynn Sargent , and then, when he turns them down, the rest of the town\'s bankers. To get past the bank guards, Harold brings along Jackie the Lion, who incites panic, and Harold, Wormy and the lion end up on the ledge of a skyscraper, but avoid plunging to certain death. The three are arrested and thrown in jail, but Miss Otis bails them out, and they find that the publicity has attracted a mob of bankers who want to buy the circus &ndash; but Ringling Brothers outbids them. Harold celebrates with another "Diddlebock", and finds out when he wakes up that he got $175,000 for the circus, he\'s now an executive at Waggleberry\'s agency, and that he and Miss Otis got married during his first binge.<ref nameavg&sql5867&category=Full%20Synopsis Full synopsis]Li, Kathy Plot summary'] ["Popular American comedian Bob Hunter , star of stage, movies and television, boards the luxury liner SS Île de France to travel to France, only to find his French counterpart, Fernydel  is on the ship as well. Also on board are elegant blonde diplomat Ann McCall , whom Bob would like to get to know better, and stunning Zara Brown , the agent for a French criminal organization which suspects that Bob is carrying an incriminating manuscript. While Bob pursues Ann, with Fernydel's help, Zara repeatedly searches Bob's stateroom, causing problems when Ann sees her leaving after a search. When he reaches Paris, Bob visits Serge Vitry , a writer whose script Bob has come to purchase, but is told that Vitry is no longer interested in comedy: he is writing a true-life drama which he is going to produce himself. Bob pleads for a look, and is told where he can get a translated copy. A series of suspicious accidents and mishaps then leads to Bob being arrested as a suspect in the murder of Serge, but he is rescued by the American ambassador  and Inspector Dupont , who tell him that Serge used his manuscript to reveal the identities of counterfeiters who had infiltrated their way into high offices in the French government, which is why he was murdered. The two men ask Bob to serve as bait to flush out the criminals. Bob agrees, but only because Ann's life is also in danger. Helped by Ann, Fernandel, and villainess-turned-heroine Zara, Bob is chased all over Paris by the underworld, at one point winding up in a mental asylum for safekeeping. It all ends with an escape by helicopter piloted by Fernandel  reading a book of flight instructions, capture of a group of assassins, then a parade for Bob, Fernandel and Ann, who are heroes.TCM Full synopsis<ref nameavg&sql=1:37297~T0 Plot synopsis]Crawford, Rod Plot summary"] ['Ricky Hayman  and Kate Newell  work at the  Good Buy Shopping Network, a home shopping channel run by John McBainbridge . Sales have been down over the last two years under Ricky\'s management, and Kate was brought in to come up with new ideas. Ricky views Kate as a threat and she expresses her dislike for him as well. However, John has given Ricky an ultimatum to increase sales, or lose his job. While out driving one day, Ricky and Kate come across a strange man who calls himself "G" . G is unusual in that he wears white robes and is perpetually happy and smiling. He seems to sense how troubled Ricky is, and follows them back to the Good Buy studio. G wanders onto the set of an infomercial, and while he is on the air, the number of calls increases with customers wanting to buy something. Kate notices this and gets G his own spot on the network selling items. Meanwhile, the mutual dislike between Ricky and Kate has faded and they begin to express romantic interest in each other. G\'s infomercials are mostly spontaneous anecdotes or thoughts about life, but customers connect with him and even the slowest-moving items begin selling out. While staying at Ricky\'s house, he enters a party of businessmen and displays his talents by making a Rolex watch "disappear" and curing another man of his fear of flying. Ricky begins marketing G\'s name on other items to increase sales. He wants to give G his own show, but the stressful work environment and throngs of fans who want to meet him begin to take its toll. G is no longer the happy, inspiring man he once was, and when Kate tries to convince John to let G leave the network, he refuses and she quits out of contempt. Ricky reaps the benefits of the increased sales, receiving a large promotion and a new office. However, the rewards seem hollow due to G\'s lethargy and Kate\'s rejection of him. On the night of the premiere of G\'s new show, Ricky searches himself and decides that letting G go is the right choice. He announces his decision to the studio audience and to his boss. Kate hears of his decision and forgives Ricky, racing back to the studio to be with him. They have a romantic reunion on the air, and the show is ended. Afterwards, Ricky and Kate say their goodbyes to the fully recovered G, who wanders off into the distance to continue his pilgrimage.'] ['Newton Davis  is a struggling architect. After building his dream house for himself and his longtime girlfriend Becky , he is crushed when she refuses to marry him. He is unable to bring himself to live in the house, and leaves it abandoned and with a debt he cannot afford. Some time later, Newton meets a waitress named Gwen  at a Hungarian restaurant. Believing that she cannot speak English, he spills out his sob story about Becky and the abandoned house. After the restaurant closes, Newton learns that she merely pretended to be Hungarian. They spend some time talking and end up spending the night together. The next morning, Gwen finds that Newton has left in the middle of the night. However, he unintentionally left behind the drawing of the house he\'d built for Becky. Piqued by the drawing, Gwen decides to take a bus ride out to see the house. She is charmed by it, and decides to take up residence in the empty domicile. Needing groceries, Gwen goes to the town\'s convenience store, where she charges her groceries to the "Newton Davis" account. When questioned about this, Gwen, who it becomes clear is a natural liar, says that she is Newton\'s wife. Gwen meets Becky, and spins a lengthy romantic story about how they fell in love, which impresses Becky. Gwen also meets Newton\'s parents, who are heartbroken that Newton got "married" without telling them, but Gwen also manages to smooth things over believably with her charm. One day, Newton travels to his hometown and is shocked to see that his house is lived in. When he finds out what Gwen has done he is initially furious, but he soon sees the potential in her being there. Gwen starts creating all sorts of opportunities for Newton: mending his relationship with his parents, helping out with his career and making Becky jealous. Newton and Gwen come to an agreement in which Gwen will help Newton get Becky, and in return she\'ll get all the furniture in the house. Through their time together Newton begins to rely more on Gwen beyond their agreement, and Gwen starts to feel attached to her life with Newton. It is also revealed that Gwen became a compulsive liar in order to escape from what she feels is her own inadequacy, and that she has "changed" her life numerous times. One night, Newton arrives home and realises that his feelings for Gwen are becoming apparent. He tells her, as she is doing laundry, that even an ugly jumper is a "turn-on" and, realising that he might have divulged a little fact, he tells her to tell him if there\'s anything that she thinks he should not wear; she denies his clothing. For the reception, Gwen uses two homeless people, Ralph and Mary, who she knew from the Budapest Cafe, to pose as her parents, to which they do successfully enough to make the town of Dobbs Mill accept their position in Gwen\'s life. The film culminates with a reception held at the house in which the sub-plots of Newton\'s career, family and affections for Becky are brought together. Annoyed with Becky for her slutty attitude, Gwen confronts her in front of everyone, accusing her of trying to win Newton back. Gwen storms out of the house in tears, and Newton follows her, thinking it is still part of the plan. Outside alone, Newton praises Gwen for her brilliance, but Gwen replies that she wanted their marriage to work and her feelings for him are apparent. Newton watches, confused, as Gwen leaves. Becky takes the opportunity to make a move on Newton, and asks him whether all of Gwen\'s stories were real. Newton answers that they were all true--not revealing that he lied about them--and chases after Gwen. Newton stops Gwen as she is about to board a bus to leave town. Although she resists, Newton follows her example and begins telling an outlandish romantic story of something they supposedly did, which makes Gwen decide to stay. The film ends on the note of Newton and Gwen being happily married and living together in the house, watching a house being constructed for Ralph and Mary, who are officially "Bernie and Mary Duncle" in the eyes of the town and Newton\'s family. As Newton and Gwen go into the house to have sex, the final spoken words are of Newton saying "I love you, Gwen" and Gwen replying, "Actually, it\'s Jessica."'] ['The film follows the lives of several students at the fictional Ridgemont High School over the course of one academic year. Brad Hamilton  is a senior who appears to have it made. He is looking forward to his last year of school and almost has his car  paid off. He is popular, in large part because of his part-time job at a burger joint where his girlfriend, Lisa , also works. Brad is pondering how to end his relationship with Lisa so he can play the field during his senior year. However, Brad is fired from his job at the burger joint for blowing his cool and threatening an obnoxious customer; and when he tries to tell Lisa how much he needs her at a school rally before a big football game, Lisa tells Brad that she is dumping him to see other guys. Brad quits his next job because of the humiliation of having to wear a pirate costume when delivering food. He gets a third job at a convenience store, where he successfully thwarts an attempted robbery and is promoted to store manager. Brad\'s sister, Stacy Hamilton , is a 15-year-old freshman. She is worried that she\'s not attractive or experienced enough to meet, let alone have relationships with, any guys. While working at the mall she meets a 26-year-old stereo salesman who asks her out . She sneaks out to meet him and they have sex at a secluded make-out spot, referred to as "The Point". She reveals the loss of her virginity to her friend, popular senior Linda  who assures her that it will hurt less as she does it more. Mike Damone , who earns money scalping tickets, and as a bookmaker, fancies himself a suave ladies\' man. He lets his younger best friend Mark "Rat" Ratner  in on his secrets for picking up girls. When he sees that Rat has a big crush on Stacy, Mike coaxes Rat into asking Stacy out on a date . Stacy invites Rat into her bedroom after the date, but Rat quickly shies away and leaves when Stacy tries to initiate sex with him. Later, Damone walks Stacy home after school and asks to come into her house. Stacy then invites Damone for a swim in the backyard pool; but when this leads to sex in the pool house with Stacy, Damone has a premature ejaculation and flees in embarrassment. When Stacy later informs Damone that she is pregnant as a result, he first agrees to pay half the fee for an abortion and to drive her to the abortion clinic, but reneges when he is unable to come up with the money. Desperate, Stacy convinces Brad to drive her to a bowling alley, but after he drops her off, he observes her through his rearview mirror going to an abortion clinic across the street. Brad waits for Stacy to come out and she makes him promise not to tell their parents. When Stacy tells Linda about Damone blowing her off, Linda flies into a rage and spray paints obscenities on Damone\'s car and school locker. Word quickly gets around school about Damone\'s impromptu sexual relationship with Stacy, which leads to a confrontation between Damone and Rat in the boys\' locker room. At the end of the film, the viewer is informed that Stacy and Rat are having a passionate love affair, but have still not "gone all the way". Jeff Spicoli  is a surfer and habitual marijuana user who is in Stacy\'s American history class. The strict teacher, Mr. Hand , has no patience with Spicoli\'s carefree attitude and especially not with Spicoli\'s wasting of class time. Finally, on the evening of the graduation dance, Mr. Hand shows up at Spicoli\'s house and informs him that since he has wasted eight hours of class time over the past year, Mr. Hand intends to make up for that time now. They proceed to have a one-on-one tutoring session that lasts until Mr. Hand is satisfied that Spicoli has understood the lesson. Outside of class, Spicoli wrecks a car  belonging to Ridgemont\'s star football player Charles Jefferson . To avoid being beaten up, Spicoli puts the car in Ridgemont\'s front lawn and paints the car with slurs supposedly written by Ridgemont\'s rival high school, Lincoln High school, an actual high school in San Diego, California. When Ridgemont plays Lincoln in an upcoming game, Jefferson is so full of rage that Ridgemont wins. An epilogue reveals that Spicoli saves Brooke Shields from drowning and then blows the reward money hiring Van Halen to play at his birthday party. Linda got accepted to UC Riverside and moved in with her abnormal psychology professor. Mr. Hand is left to believe everyone is on dope; and Mr. Vargas switched back to coffee.'] ['The Lemon Drop Kid , a New York City swindler, is illegally touting horses at a Florida racetrack. After several successful hustles, the Kid comes across a beautiful, but gullible, woman intending to bet a lot of money. The Kid convinces her to switch her bet, employing a prefabricated con. Unfortunately for the Kid, the woman "belongs" to notorious gangster Moose Moran , as does the money. The Kid\'s choice finishes dead last and a furious Moran demands the Kid provide him with $10,000  by Christmas Eve, or the Kid "won\'t make it to New Year\'s." The Kid decides to return to New York to try to come up with the money. He first tries his on-again, off-again girlfriend Brainy Baxter . However, when talk of long-term commitment arises, the Kid quickly makes an escape. He next visits local crime boss "Oxford" Charley , with whom he has had past dealings. This falls through as Charley is in serious tax trouble and does not particularly care for the Kid anyway. As he leaves Charley\'s establishment and is about to give up hope, the Kid notices a cornerside Santa Claus and his kettle. Thinking quickly, the Kid fashions himself a Santa suit and begins collecting donations. This fails as he is recognized by a passing policeman, who remembers his previous underhanded activity well. The Kid lands in court, where he is convicted of collecting for a charity without a license and sentenced to ten days in jail . However, while in court, the Kid learns where his scheme went wrong. After a short stay, Brainy arrives to bail him out. He then sets about restarting his Santa operation, this time with legitimate backing. To this end, he needs a charity to represent and a city license. The kid receives key inspiration when he remembers that Nellie Thursday , a kindly neighborhood resident, has been denied entry to a retirement home because of her jailed husband\'s criminal past as a safecracker. Organizing other small-time New York swindlers and Brainy, who is both surprised and charmed at the Kid\'s apparent goodwill, the Kid converts an abandoned casino  into the "Nellie Thursday Home For Old Dolls". A small group of elderly women and makeshift amenities complete the project. The Kid is able to receive the all-important city license. Now free to collect, the Kid and his compatriots dress as Santa Claus and position themselves throughout Manhattan. The others are unaware that the Kid plans to keep the money for himself to pay off Moran. The scheme is a huge success, netting $2,000 in only a few days. An overjoyed Brainy decides to leave her job as a dancer and look after the "home" full-time until after Christmas. Coincidentally, her employer is none other than "Oxford" Charley, whom Brainy cheerfully informs of the effort. Seeing a potential gold mine, Charley decides to muscle in on the operation. Reasoning that the Nellie Thursday home is "wherever Nellie Thursday is", Charley and his crew kidnap the home\'s inhabitants  and move them to Charley\'s mansion in Nyack. The Kid learns of this when he returns to the home after a late night to find the home deserted and money  gone. Clued in by oversized Oxford footprints in the snow, the Kid and his friends pay Charley a visit. Here, Charley reveals the true nature of the Kid\'s scheme through a phone conversation with Moose Moran. The Kid\'s accomplices are angry and move to confront him, but the Kid manages to slip away. However, Brainy tracks him down outside and voices her disgust at his actions. After a few days of stewing in self-pity , the Kid is surprised to meet Nellie, who has escaped Charley\'s compound. He decides to recover the money, sneaking into Charley\'s home in the guise of an elderly woman. He finds that Charley and his crew are again moving the women, this time to a more secure location. Using the heightened activity to his advantage, the Kid enters Charley\'s office and confronts him. After a brief struggle, the Kid overpowers Charley and makes off with the money, narrowly avoiding the thugs Charley has sent after him. The ensuing chaos allows Brainy and the others to escape. Later that night, the Kid returns to the original Nellie Thursday home to meet with Moose Moran . The deal appears to be in jeopardy as Moran arrives with Charley. Charley demands that the Kid reimburse him, which would leave too little for Moran. However, the Kid turns the tables by hitting a switch, revealing hidden casino tables. All are occupied, mainly by the escaped old dolls. The Kid and his still-loyal friends hold off the gangsters as the police initiate a raid. Moran and Charley are arrested while the judge who sentenced the Kid earlier warns that he will be "keeping an eye on him". The Kid assures him that will not be necessary and his attention will lie on the home, which is going to become a reality. The night\'s main event begins as Nellie\'s husband Henry, free on parole, joyously reunites with his wife.'] ["Ann  and David Smith ([[Robert Montgomery  are a happily married couple living in New York. One morning, Ann asks David if he had to do it over again, would he marry her? To her disappointment, he answers he wouldn't. Later that day, they both separately find out that, due to a complication when they married three years earlier, they are in fact not legally married. Ann does not mention this to David, and thinks he will remarry her that very night after he takes her out to a romantic dinner. When this does not happen, she angrily kicks David out of their home. David spends the night at his club, where a friend advises him to just wait a day, and then go back home. But when David drops by after work, Ann announces behind a closed door that she is not married to David, and has no intention of ever marrying him. An angry and disheartened David takes to following Ann around, in the process interrupting a date and getting her fired from her job. A friend and co-worker of David, Jeff , tells David he will talk to Ann and persuade her to remarry David. But when David shows up later that evening, he finds that Jeff has instead arranged a date with Ann the following night. David arranges a blind date at the same restaurant, but his date is vulgar and rude and the affair ends in disaster. Later, Ann and Jeff go to the World's Fair, but become stuck on a ride and are forced to sit through several hours of rain many feet up in the air. Ann and Jeff begin to date seriously, and Ann even meets Jeff's parents, an event that quickly becomes awkward when David barges in. To escape, Ann and Jeff decide to take a vacation with Jeff's parents at a skiing resort&mdash;the same resort where Ann and David had earlier been planning to holiday. Upon arriving at the resort, they find that David has rented a cabin right next to them, but when confronted, David simply faints. David spends the next few hours pretending to be sick and delirious while Ann fawns over him, but when Ann discovers his deception, she yells at him and leaves. Ann then loudly stages a pretend one-way conversation with Jeff in order for David to see they are very serious about each other. This falls through when David storms in to find her talking to thin air. In the end, Ann and David, once the picture of a happy couple, are screaming at each other when Jeff walks in. Ann then attacks Jeff for not beating up David, and Jeff and his parents leave in a huff. Ann, alone at last, struggles with her skis until David offers to help her, then lifts up her legs so that she cannot get up. When Ann yells at him, he just bends down and kisses her, silencing her."] ['In the 1860s Wild West, a group of misfit settlers including ex-doctor Phil Taylor , prostitute Belle , and homosexual bookseller Julian  decide they cannot live in their current situation in the west, so they hire a grizzled alcoholic wagon master by the name of James Harlow  to take them on a journey back to their hometowns in the East. This leads to comedic exploits when the drunken wagon master leads them into Sioux territory and they are pursued by the cavalry. They also have to contend with hired gunslingers who have been sent by railroad magnates to stop the journey in fear of bad publicity of the west, and their discovery that Harlow had been part of the infamous Donner Party.'] ['John L. Sullivan , a popular young Hollywood director fresh from a string of very profitable, but shallow comedies  , tells his studio boss, Mr. Lebrand , that he is dissatisfied and wants his next project to be a serious exploration of the plight of the downtrodden, to be based on the socially-conscious novel O Brother, Where Art Thou? by Sinclair Beckstein. Not surprisingly, Lebrand wants him to direct another, more lucrative comedy instead, but the idealistic Sullivan refuses to give in. He wants to "know trouble" first-hand as a tramp so he can return and make a film that truly depicts the sorrows of humanity. His butler  and valet  openly question the wisdom of his plan. Undeterred, Sullivan dresses as a penniless hobo and takes to the road. However, no matter how hard he tries, somehow he always ends up back in Hollywood. Lebrand insists that his staff follow him in a double-decker coach. Neither party is happy with the arrangement; Sullivan eventually persuades his guardians to leave him alone and arranges to rendezvous with them later. When he hitchhikes, he finds himself back where he started. Then he meets a young failed actress  who is contemplating quitting the business. In return for her kindness to him, Sullivan gives her a lift in his car, without telling his servants; they report the "theft" and the pair are apprehended by the police. Upon their release, the Girl pushes him into his enormous swimming pool for deceiving her about his true identity. However, after considering her options, she becomes his traveling companion. This time, Sullivan succeeds in living like a hobo. After eating in soup kitchens and sleeping in homeless shelters with the Girl, Sullivan finally decides he has had enough. His experiment is publicized by the studio as a huge success. The Girl wants to stay with him, but he explains that, on the advice of his business manager, he got married to reduce his income tax, only to discover that his wife cost him double what he saved in taxes. Sullivan decides to thank the homeless by handing out $5 bills, but one man decides he wants more than his share and ambushes Sullivan when he is alone. Sullivan is knocked unconscious and thrown onto a train boxcar leaving the city, but the thief is run over and killed by another train. The man had earlier stolen Sullivan\'s shoes, which had a special identification card hidden under one of the soles. When the card is found, everyone assumes the unrecognizable body is Sullivan\'s. Meanwhile, Sullivan wakes up in the rail yard of another city, with no memory of who he is or how he got there. In his confused state, he assaults the railroad worker who finds him, for which he is sentenced to six years in a labor camp. He eventually regains his memory, but not before learning the importance of laughter in the otherwise dreary lives of his fellow prisoners when they are allowed to attend a showing of Walt Disney\'s Playful Pluto cartoon. Sullivan comes to realize that comedy can do more good for the poor than O Brother, Where Art Thou?. But Sullivan still has a problem &ndash; he cannot convince anybody that he is Sullivan. Finally, he comes up with an ingenious solution: he confesses to being his own killer. When his picture makes the front page of the newspapers, the Girl recognizes him and gets him released. His "widow" had taken up with his crooked business manager in the meanwhile, so he can now divorce her and be reunited with the Girl. A montage of happily laughing faces ends the film.'] ["Henry MacMorrow, a junior partner in the law firm of Parsons, Hilton, Trent and MacMorrow, is assigned the task of obtaining the signatures of various members of the Pemberton family so that a piece of property they own can be sold. While en route by train to the Pemberton home in Aiken, South Carolina, he meets Junior Pemberton, an obnoxious ten-year-old prodigy whose behavior prompts Henry to kick him in the pants when they arrive at the station, much to the dismay of the boy's sister Toni. Henry arrives at the Permberton home before Toni and Junior, and the rest of the family mistakes him for her fiancé Howard Rogers. She quickly corrects the misunderstanding and soon finds herself liking the amiable lawyer, despite their unpleasant first meeting. Mistakenly believing the millionaire Henry is impoverished and the sole support of his widowed mother, Toni promises to help him financially, but Howard convinces the family Henry is a fraud. The attorney returns to New York City, where he promptly is fired. Anxious to find Henry, Toni convinces the Pembertons their town is being quarantined, and the entire family travels to New York. When Toni learns Henry has lost his job, she vows to help him get it back. She urges her family to sign the documents allowing their land to be sold, and then she and Henry go to the country to obtain the signatures of her Aunts Pitty and Patty and Uncle Goliath. Howard, still certain Henry is a con artist, decides to assess the Pemberton's property and discovers oil, unaware it's leaking from his own car. Believing the land is worth a fortune, he persuades the family to sell it to him for $125,000 and convinces them Henry was trying to scam them. Thinking Henry was deceiving her, Toni ends their relationship. Howard discovers the oil was from his car and tries to get his money back, only to discover the Pembertons already have spent it. When he decides to sell the land to Howard, Toni tries to warn him, but he refuses to speak to her, until Pitty and Patty reveal Toni and Henry spent the night in their barn, and Toni pretends he took advantage of her. Her family storms Henry's apartment and demands he make an honest woman of her, and he willingly agrees to marry Toni."] ["Nicky Collini and his fiancée Tacy buy  a large trailer home , so that they can save money that would otherwise be spent on a house, and also be able to travel around the USA to civil engineering projects that Nicky is employed on. They have to buy a more powerful car to tow the trailer, a 1953 Mercury Monterey convertible with a 125 HP flathead V8 engine, and the money spent starts to mount up. The honeymoon trip to the Sierra Nevada mountains rapidly becomes a catalogue of disasters. These include Tacy's attempts to cook dinner in a moving, rocking trailer, and later a cliffhanging ride on a narrow road through the mountains, with the trailer weighed down by many rock specimens and canned food she has collected. After they arrive at the home of Tacy's aunt and uncle, with other relatives and neighbors who are gathered watching, Nicky accidentally backs the trailer into their hosts' porch, partly destroying it as well as a prized rose bush. In another scene, after turning on an old logging road he tries to level the trailer at night while stuck in the mud during a rainstorm. Relations deteriorate between the couple, and finally Tacy storms off in a huff. But by the film's end, they are tearfully reunited."] ['Race teams have gathered in Connecticut to start their cross-country race. One at a time, teams drive up to the starters\' stand, punch a time card to indicate their time of departure, then take off. Among the teams are: :*J.J. McClure  and Victor Prinzi  drive a souped-up, but otherwise authentic, Dodge Tradesman ambulance.  :*Former open-wheel icon  Jamie Blake , and his teammate Morris Fenderbaum , dressed as Catholic priests drive a red Ferrari 308 GTS. (Based on an entry in the real-life 1972 race, in which three men disguised as priests  :*Jill Rivers  and Marcie Thatcher , two attractive women start the race in a black Lamborghini Countach. :*Jackie Chan and Michael Hui race as drivers of a high-tech, computer-laden Subaru GL Hatchback with a rocket-powered engine. :*A pair of good ol\' boys, played by Terry Bradshaw and Mel Tillis, drive a street-legal replica of Donnie Allison\'s Hawaiian Tropic-sponsored NASCAR Winston Cup Chevrolet stock car owned by Hoss Ellington.  :*Roger Moore plays "heir to the Goldfarb Girdles fortune" Seymour Goldfarb, Jr., who perpetually identifies himself as actor Roger Moore and signs in to the race under that name; his character behaves similarly to James Bond and only once  is referred to by his real name. He drives a silver Aston Martin DB5. :*Jamie Farr portrays an oil-rich Middle-Eastern Sheikh driving a white Rolls-Royce Silver Shadow. At the starting line, observing from the shadows, is Mr. Arthur J. Foyt , a representative of the , who tries to stop the race because of its environmental effects and safety issues. In the car with him is Pamela Glover. Shortly after they leave the starting line, J.J. and Victor  come across Foyt and Glover, who have been involved in a minor fender-bender. Glover implores J.J. and Victor to help, but when they tell Foyt to enter the ambulance through the back door, they kidnap Glover and take off without Foyt. As the race progresses, various teams are shown either evading law enforcement, most of which deal with talking their way out of a possible ticket, or concocting crazy schemes to outmaneuver their opponents. :*Jill and Marcie use sex appeal as their weapon, unzipping their race suits to display copious amounts of cleavage during traffic stops.  :*In New Jersey, the ambulance is pulled over by state troopers; Dr. Van Helsing drugs Glover, and J.J. and Victor are able to convince the troopers that they\'re rushing "the Senator\'s wife" to UCLA for medical treatment . :*The Subaru team is able to turn off their car\'s headlights and use infrared sensors for racing at night. :*Seymour Goldfarb is frequently shown evading police by using various James Bond-type gadgets  installed in his Aston Martin DB5. :*Mr. Compton  and "Super Chief" Finch  disguise themselves as a newlywed couple on a motorbike, but Finch\'s extra weight forces the two to ride cross-country in a permanent wheelie. The primary rivalry in the film is between the teams in the ambulance and the Ferrari. In Ohio, Fenderbaum and Blake are able to convince Victor to pull over their ambulance in order to bless the patient on board. While Blake carries out the blessing, Fenderbaum punctures one of the ambulance\'s rear tires with a knife. Later in Missouri, J.J. gets his revenge by convincing a nearby police officer that the two men dressed as priests are actually sex perverts who are responsible for the flashing victim in the ambulance. Meanwhile Foyt, with the help of his government agency, is able to set up a roadblock and catch several teams . Similar scenes continue to build up to the conclusion of the movie. The remaining teams find themselves stopped on a desert highway, next to a roadside market, waiting for construction work to clear the road ahead of them. While waiting, a biker gang  shows up and begins harassing Compton and Finch. The harassing quickly gets out of hand and a free-for-all fistfight ensues with everyone getting in on the action. Naturally the Subaru team  and the remaining teams join in the massive fight. In the middle of the fight, the construction crew announces that the road is open, and the teams sprint back to their cars for the final race to the finish. The ambulance falls behind the rest of the pack, until Victor changes into his super-hero alter-ego Captain Chaos. The vehicles all arrive at the finish line\'s parking lot at the same time, and it\'s a foot race to the finish line . In the sprint, J.J. hands his team\'s time card to Victor, then ambushes the remaining racers, leaving only Victor and one of the Lamborghini women. Just when it appears Victor will reach the time clock first, a scream rings out and a spectator shouts that her "baby" has fallen into the water. Victor, still in his Captain Chaos persona, quits the race and rushes to save the baby , allowing Marcie to clock in first and win the race. After Marcie won, J.J. got mad at Victor for saving a dog instead of winning and then saids that Victor needs to stop being Captain Chaos, then Victor saids he doesn\'t care and he wanted to be Captain USA. Foyt then appeared and asked everyone how happy for ruining the American highway, then Seymor offered him a cigar and told him to use the lighter in his car  and nothing happened when he told everybody to see what happens next, Seymor then asked how he lit his cigar and pressed the button and his plan backfired him as he plummed to the water. Everyone then celebrated after Seymor did his backfire on his lighter.'] ["The film follows the exploits of film actor Jack Noah , who is filming in the small, fictional South American country of Parador when the Paradorian President for Life suddenly dies of a heart attack. Not wanting to lose his position in power, the president's right-hand man, Roberto Strausmann  forces Jack to take the 'role of a lifetime' - that of the dead president, as the two men look so much alike. Jack accepts, eventually winning over the people and even the dead president's mistress, Madonna . However, when paradise proves to be too boring, Jack needs to find a way to get out while keeping Roberto out of the loop. The movie attempts to generate suspense by establishing that Jack Noah is in physical jeopardy so long as he remains in Parador. However, the film is told in flashback, with an opening scene establishing that Jack has returned to New York City."] ['Dr. Maxford  is thoroughly exasperated; he is supposed to announce on nationwide radio the winners of a contest to pick a new slogan for his Maxford House Coffee, with a first prize of $25,000, but his jury is deadlocked by one stubborn man, Mr. Bildocker . As a result, the program ends without an announcement. One of millions of contestants, office worker Jimmy MacDonald  dreams of winning, hoping to validate his faith in himself, provide some luxuries for his mother , and marry his girlfriend Betty Casey . Betty, however, does not understand his slogan: "If you can\'t sleep at night, it\'s not the coffee, it\'s the bunk." As a joke, three of his co-workers place a fake telegram on Jimmy\'s desk informing him that he has won. Jimmy\'s boss, J. B. Baxter , is so impressed, he promotes Jimmy on the spot to advertising executive, with his own office, a private secretary , and a raise. Tom Darcy, one of the pranksters, tries to clear things up before they go too far, but loses his nerve. When Jimmy goes to collect the check, Dr. Maxford assumes his committee finally reached a decision without informing him, and presents it to Jimmy. Jimmy and Betty go on a shopping spree at Shindel\'s department store. After telephoning Maxford to confirm the check is good, Mr. Shindel gives Jimmy credit to buy an engagement ring for Betty, a luxury sofa-bed for his mother, and presents for all of their neighbors. When the truth comes out, Shindel descends on Jimmy\'s street to try to take back his goods. Maxford follows soon after and confirms that Jimmy did not win. Tom and the other two jokers admit they are to blame. Late that night, the couple go to the office to tell Baxter. Betty\'s heartfelt plea persuades Baxter to let Jimmy try to prove himself and keep his promotion, but on a very short probationary period and with no raise. Meanwhile, Bildocker bursts into Maxford\'s office to announce that the other jury members have finally given in and accepted his choice for the grand prize winner: Jimmy.'] ['Like in many other Monicelli movies, the main theme of Amici miei is friendship, seen from a rather bitter point of view. It tells the story of four middle-aged friends in Florence who organize together idle pranks  in a continuous attempt to prolong childhood during their adult life.  Count Mascetti  is an impoverished noble who has no means to support his family, but does not renounce high living pleasures anyway, and has an underage mistress, Titti . Perozzi  is an easy-living journalist harassed by the unceasing disapproval of his wife and his son. Melandri  is a communal architect whose main goal is to find the ideal woman. Necchi  is the owner of a café and pool hall where the friends usually plan their zingarate. During the movie they are joined by a renowned, military-like surgeon, Sassaroli , in whose clinic they recover after being hospitalized, injured after a mismanaged zingarata. Melandri falls in love with Sassaroli\'s wife, exclaiming "I\'ve seen the Madonna!", only to discover she has psychological problems. The plot is mostly composed of elaborate practical jokes organized by the friends, including the creation of a fake mafia mob in whose "criminal acts" they involve a pensioner, Righi , who used to snatch croissants from the cake tray in Necchi\'s café, and Mascetti\'s attempts to save his marriage despite his relationship with Titti. The film ends with Perozzi\'s death, which still does not deprive the friends of their desecrating hijinks, not even in face of their own mortality; perozzi himself makes a last joke to the priest. When Perozzi\'s wife, criticized by Melandri for her lack of tears, comments: "One can weep if somebody dies. But here nobody has died", Mascetti replies: "Well, in reality he had never been so much, but I liked him." During the funeral procession they "homage" their dead friend by telling the wide-eyed Righi that Perozzi was killed for being a traitor to the mafia.'] ['Matt Grabowski  is a passive closeted gay man who works as a loan officer in a bank. He awakes one morning to find that his roommate has moved out, stealing all of his furniture. He\'s assigned a loan application for Mister Pickwick, an important client, and pressured to approve it despite the client not really qualifying. He\'s forced to take the client out to a stripper bar and after an uncomfortable time there, he\'s gay bashed on his way home. All of these incidents inspire Matt to sign up for "Butch Camp" to learn how to stand up for himself. Butch Camp is run by Samantha Rottweiler , a Teutonic lesbian who puts campers through a regimen of physical training, self-defense instruction and verbal abuse designed to toughen them up. Rottweiller characterizes straights as "the enemy" and under the theory "know thy enemy" requires campers to learn straight lingo . Rottweiler sends campers out on "assignments" in the straight world, like making them hang out in straight bars. On one such assignment, Matt meets hairdresser Janet Cockswell  and her boyfriend Rod . He becomes friends with Janet; Rod is initially somewhat resentful of him but eventually warms up as the three hang out more. Matt finds himself developing a crush on Rod. Janet, not realizing Matt is gay, sets her sights on him. Janet gets him to her salon under the false pretense of a fight with Rod and seduces him. Rod finds out about it and he and Janet argue, with dialog implying that Rod might be gay himself. A day or two later, Rod runs into Matt and confronts him. As they start to talk it out  they\'re suddenly confronted by an armed robber who inexplicably forces them to strip before running off. Shaken, the guys go to Matt\'s place and have some drinks. They talk and Rod, noticing that Matt is bruised and sore, offers him a back rub. The massage becomes more sensual until Rod becomes ill. Suddenly Janet shows up. Rod hides while Janet tries to seduce Matt again, but Matt comes out to her instead and she leaves, but only after Matt agrees to remain friends with her. Rod, blaming the alcohol, also leaves. At work, Matt refuses to approve the questionable loan and the bank manager fires him. Depressed, he avoids Rod and Janet for weeks. Meanwhile, Rod breaks up with Janet and comes out to one of his friends, who drops him. Rod sneaks into Matt\'s apartment. Rod wants to be with Matt but Matt is worried about having his heart broken again. Rod leaves with the situation unresolved. Matt\'s preparing for his Butch Camp "final exam"  while trying to get a hold of Rod and to decide whether to help his old bank with a sting operation against Mister Pickwick. On his way to the exam he stumbles across his old manager, cross-dressed, being beaten by the same basher who attacked Matt. Using what he learned at Butch Camp, Matt defeats the basher. Rod, hearing of Matt\'s actions, tracks him down. They reconcile over a romantic dinner and dance together at the restaurant. They go back to Matt\'s place and make love. Matt helps his old bank execute the sting and his boss, grateful for his help and for his rescue , hires him back with a promotion. Back at work, Matt spots a Butch Camp flyer on a co-worker\'s desk and smiles encouragingly. At Butch Camp, Matt graduates and is awarded the "Medal of Honor" for removing the basher from the streets. The film closes with the Butch Camp graduates marching in Chicago\'s annual gay pride parade.'] ['{{plot}} After the credits we see Sal and Chester Hooton,  an old married couple. They are visited by an equally old Duke Johnson  and the three reminisce about their previous adventure in the Klondike. The film flashes back to the turn of the century. A man is murdered and two thugs, McGurk  and Sperry , steal a map to a gold mine. The map and mine belonged to a man named Van Hoyden and the dying man tells Sal  the mine is in Alaska and to find a man named Ace Larson. Sal manages to get on the last boat to Alaska before McGurk and Sperry. To evade the police, the thugs duck into a theater, where Duke and Chester are performing vaudeville. They proceed to work the crowd with a "ghost scam" into "gambling" their money in hope of doubling it. As the police find the thugs, they escape onstage and reveal Chester hiding under the table with the crowd\'s money. Duke and Chester are forced to flee the angry mob. As Duke divides their money, Chester is fed up with having to jump from town to town. Duke convinces him to head north to Alaska to prospect for gold. Chester refuses on the grounds that every time Duke gets a "great idea", Chester is the one that gets the runaround. He even pulls out a black book with a list of every time Duke has taken advantage of him. Chester then takes all the money and tells Duke to go on without him. As McGurk and Sperry get on the boat bound for Alaska, Duke and Chester prepare to part ways. As they bid a solemn goodbye, and picking each others pocket, Duke steals the money. Chester waves goodbye until he sees Duke counting the money and changes boats at the last moment. He\'s about to throttle Duke when he realizes the boat has left the dock, for Alaska. In Duke\'s cabin, Chester takes the money back and goes to put it in a safe, which turns out to be a porthole. With no money to pay for passage, they are forced to scrub the deck and shovel coal. Sal arrives in Alaska and meets with Ace Larson , a saloon owner and friend of her father. Instead of going to the police, Larson assures Sal that he\'ll take care of things. He gives her a job performing in his saloon, an act which infuriates Larson\'s girlfriend, Kate . Larson tells Kate how he really plans to take Sal\'s gold mine for the two of them and passionately kisses her. While doing housekeeping duties in a cabin, Chester finds the map to the gold mine. As the thugs enter behind them, Duke and Chester realize they\'ve found the Van Hoyden map and the occupants are the killers. They overpower the thugs and take their place to get off the boat, only to find the entire town is terrified of the real thugs. Thinking they can get anything they want, Duke and Chester adopt the tough persona and head to the saloon. They argue over who gets to hold the map and decide to tear it in half and each man keep his for safe keeping. While enjoying "free" champagne and lots of dancing girls, they see Sal\'s singing routine and are both instantly smitten. Thinking they are McGurk and Sperry, Sal plays up to both of them and sends a note to Chester. She doubts they are the real killers, but Ace\'s lackey, Lebec, reminds her that the map is the most important thing and to get it at all costs. Chester  falls head over heels for Sal and confides in her about the map, even telling her how Duke hid his half in his hat. Sal sends him away but tells him to return at midnight. Meanwhile, Duke receives a note from Sal, and thinking he\'s McGurk, Sal plays up to him, allowing Lebec to take his hat and the map. She also sends him away telling him to return at midnight. Duke and Chester are at first shocked to be on a date with the same woman, but the night is cut short when the real McGurk and Sperry burst into the hotel. As they make a hasty exit, Sal learns she only gave half of the map to Ace. Duke and Chester manage to escape by dog sled. Meanwhile, Ace is furious to only have half a map, and sends Kate to the get the other half, with Lebec as a backup plan. Kate tries to pull the "stranded girl in the snow" routine to attract Duke and Chester, but is interrupted by Sal\'s arrival. The four of them head to a nearby cabin. Kate tells Sal that they need to get the other half or the men will be killed.  After a failed attempt to get the map, Sal gets "McGurk"  to reveal "Sperry"  has hidden his half in his undershirt. She plays to "McGurk" and tells him that "Sperry" wants to steal his half and they should run away together. Duke then reveals his true identity and says he\'ll take care of "Sperry" as Kate walks in. Sal, now realizes how much she loves Duke, refuses to go along with the plan. But Kate warns her that only Ace can keep them from being killed and the only way to get to him is to give up the map. Sal reluctantly agrees to steal the map while the men sleep, and the two girls leave the next morning with Lebec. Duke and Chester are confronted by the real McGurk and Sperry and they realize the girls had stolen the map. They still manage to escape and the after a merry chase through the mountains head back to town. Sal tells Ace she\'ll only give up the map if he refuses to kill Duke and Chester, but instead he forms a posse to dispose of them. Somehow they managed to steal the map back, rescue Sal, scare away the mob and get rid of McGurk and Sperry. They escape by dog sled with the mob after them but the sled overturns. The ice splits, leaving Sal and Chester on one side, and Duke on the side of the mob. He throws them map, wishes them well and turns to face the mob. The movie flashes back into the present with aged Duke telling Sal and Chester how he escaped the mob. He is then surprised to hear Chester and Sal have a son. They call for him, and ironically he bears a striking resemblance to Duke. Chester looks into the camera and says, "We adopted him."'] ['Donovan Donaly , a soap opera producer, comes home unexpectedly early to find his wife Bonnie  with her ex-boyfriend, a pool cleaner named Ollie , even though the Donalys have no pool. Miles Massey , a top divorce attorney and the inventor of the "Massey Pre-nup", a completely foolproof prenuptial agreement, becomes Bonnie\'s lawyer. He is victorious in the divorce case, leaving Donovan with nothing. Meanwhile, Rex Rexroth  is having a sexual roleplaying session with a blonde in a motel room when a private investigator named Gus Petch  bursts in and records everything with a video camera. He takes the video to Rex\'s wife, Marylin Rexroth , who married Rex solely to obtain wealth and independence via a divorce. Rex hires Miles. Marylin learns from her friend, a wealthy fellow serial divorcée named Sarah Sorkin , that Miles is a dangerous opponent. After Marylin and her lawyer, Freddy Bender , fail to reach a settlement with Miles and Rex, Miles asks Marylin to dinner, where they spar. Miles hires Gus to steal some information for him. In court, Miles has a concierge named Heinz, the Baron Krauss von Espy  testify that Marylin asked him several years ago to find her a rich, easily-manipulated husband. As a result, Marylin winds up with nothing. Miles\'s aged boss, Herb Myerson , congratulates Miles on his fine work. Marylin wants revenge and gets it with the help of broke soap producer Donaly, whom she finds living on the street clutching his Emmy statuette. Soon after, Marylin shows up at Miles\'s office with her new fiancé, an oil millionaire named Howard D. Doyle . Though Marylin insists Doyle sign the Massey Prenup, he destroys it during the wedding as a demonstration of his love. A few months later, Marylin divorces Howard and receives the "Doyle Oil fortune". Marylin later bumps into Miles in Las Vegas, Nevada, where he is the keynote speaker at a convention of divorce attorneys. They discover that they both are lonely people despite their wealth. Miles marries her on the spur of the moment. He insists on signing the Massey Prenup to show that he is not doing it for her money, but she tears it up. He announces at the convention that he is abandoning divorce suits in favor of pro-bono work in East Los Angeles. However, Miles soon discovers that Howard D. Doyle is in fact just an actor from one of Donaly\'s soap operas. Marylin has tricked him and now his wealth is at risk. Miles\' boss is most displeased with this turn of events and demands that something be done to save the firm\'s fearsome reputation. He refers Miles to a hitman named Wheezy Joe . But when Miles learns that Marylin\'s ex-husband Rex has died of a heart attack, leaving her millions because he never changed his will, Miles rushes to save his wife. Marylin however is in no danger. Her rottweiler guard dogs have Wheezy Joe surrounded and she offers to pay him double to switch sides. When Miles and his assistant Wrigley arrive, they are confronted by the hit man. In the confusion of the ensuing struggle, Wheezy Joe mistakes his salbutamol inhaler for his gun and shoots himself in the head. Later, Miles and Marylin meet to negotiate their divorce. Miles pleads for a second chance and retroactively signs a Massey Pre-nup. She tears it up, and they kiss. Marylin tells Miles that she has suggested an idea to Donaly for a TV show, and Gus Petch becomes the host of America\'s Funniest Divorce Videos.'] ['Norman Hackett  works in a jewellers workshop and dreams about meeting the shop window dresser over the road from his workshop. He wants to buy her a diamond pendant and is persuaded to bet a pound on a six horse accumulator at the Goodwood races. The bookie starts to worry when Norman wins the first five races and owes him over sixteen thousand pounds.'] ["Tim Burke, movie stuntman, is approached by a fellow named Denno Noonan with a peculiar offer. Noonan identifies himself as an employee of the eccentric millionaire Schuyler Tatlock, who moved to Hawaii and has not been seen in public for years. Schuyler is dead, Denno says, but he doesn't want the family to know that. Instead, he wants Burke to pretend to be Schuyler at a reading of the dead man's will. It will only take three days and Burke would be rewarded handsomely for his trouble. Burke dyes his hair and affects the voice and manner of the somewhat scatterbrained millionaire, best he can. Schuyler's younger sister Nan is among those fooled. The dead man's fortune is to be divided between the two children. But when it turns out that Schuyler is to be solely responsible until the 19-year-old Nan can turn 21, Burke is adamant that he won't continue this masquerade for two whole years. Trouble develops. Nicky Van Allen, a cousin, begins meddling in the family's affairs. Burke overhears a scheme for Nicky to marry Nan and get his hands on her money. And when he falls through a roof and is knocked unconscious, Burke wakes up speaking and acting in his normal way, confusing Nan until she decides that the blow has changed Schuyler's entire personality for the better. Nan is so fond of her brother now that her feelings can't be real. Everything changes, though, when Denno produces the actual Schuyler, who is very much alive. Burke and Nan are pleased to discover that they no longer need to behave like brother and sister."] ["Walter Hollander, a caterer, is on vacation with his wife Marion and daughter Susan. While flying to Athens, their plane is hijacked to Vulgaria, behind the Iron Curtain. While waiting for the plane to be cleared to take off again, Marion insists they go outside and take a few pictures. Unfortunately they are in a restricted area so the secret police suspect them of being spies. Inspector Krojak sends a squad of soldiers with machine guns to arrest them, and the Hollanders flee to the car of the American ambassador which is parked nearby. The Hollanders take refuge in the U.S. Embassy nearby. The ambassador is away, leaving only his inept son Axel Magee to grant the Hollanders political asylum. Picketers protest outside the embassy as everyone tries to figure a way out. Walter and Marion even don a sultan's robes and attempt to sneak out with his party, but complicating matters further is that Susan has fallen in love with Axel."] ['The film begins with the release of the eccentric painter Gulley Jimson  from a one-month jail sentence for telephone harassment of his sponsor, Mr Hickson . Nosey Barbon ([[Mike Morgan , who wants to be a protégé of Jimson, greets Jimson at Wormwood Scrubs, but Jimson tries to discourage Nosey from pursuing painting for a living. Jimson makes off with Nosey\'s bike to make his way back to his houseboat, which Coker, an older lady friend, has been attending in Jimson\'s absence. Jimson tries to borrow money from Hickson and Coker , but Hickson sets the police to trace the phone call back to Jimson. Jimson and Coker later visit Hickson to try to secure advance payment for the early Jimson works. However, after Jimson has tried to steal works from Hickson\'s place and Coker has stopped him, Hickson and his secretary have called the police to have them ejected. Jimson breaks a window, and he and Coker escape via the servant\'s entrance. Jimson follows up on a note from A. W. Alabaster , secretary to Sir William  and Lady Beeder , who are interested in acquiring early Jimson works. One of the early works is in the possession of Jimson\'s ex-wife, Sara Monday . Jimson and Coker try to secure an agreement with Sara Monday to obtain that early painting, but are unsuccessful. When Jimson visits the Beeders, he sees a blank wall in their residence, and is immediately inspired to paint "The Raising of Lazarus". He learns that the Beeders are leaving for 6 weeks, and takes advantage of their absence to execute the painting. An old artistic rival, Abel, a sculptor, intrudes on Jimson to bring in a large block of marble to fulfill a sculpture commission for British Rail. In the process, Jimson pawns the Beeder\'s valuables, and Abel  and Jimson inadvertently destroy part of the Beeder\'s floor when the marble is accidentally dropped whilst suspended. After Jimson has completed the painting, the Beeders return, and after their shock at seeing the painting, they walk towards it and fall through the hole on a carpet that had covered the hole. When Jimson returns to his houseboat, he sees Coker there. She was fired from her barmaid job after her name got into the papers following the incident at Hickson\'s residence, and has nowhere else to live. Later that evening, she tells him that Hickson is dead, which surprises Jimson. She also says that Hickson has bequeathed his collection of Jimson\'s works "to the nation". Those works are displayed at the Tate Gallery, which Jimson himself visits. In the long line to the exhibit, Jimson sees Sara Monday. He then maneuvers to try to recover that one early work still in her possession. She seems to agree, and gives Jimson a roll tube. When he arrives back at the houseboat, however, Coker and Nosey see that the roll contains only toilet paper, without the painting there. Jimson quickly returns to Sara\'s house, with Nosey following. Jimson and Sara struggle for the painting, and in the struggle, Sara falls backwards and knocks herself out. Jimson and Nosey escape the scene. Afterwards, Jimson and Nosey seek shelter in an abandoned church. Nosey then sees the side of the building, a totally blank wall, and points it out to Jimson. Jimson is immediately inspired to execute his largest work, "The Last Judgement". Finding out that the church is condemned to be torn down within a fortnight, Jimson, Nosey and Coker recruit local youngsters to help with completing the painting, to the objections of the local council official who is to oversee the building\'s demolition. Jimson even recruits Lady Beeder to participate, in spite of the injuries caused to her after Jimson\'s and Abel\'s actions in their residence. The painting is completed on the scheduled day of demolition. After the demolition crew warns everyone to stand back, a bulldozer comes crashing through the wall and destroys the painting. Jimson himself drove the bulldozer, feeling it necessary to destroy the work before anyone else does. As Jimson\'s admirers pelt the council official and demolition crew in protest, Jimson runs back to his boat and sets sail down the Thames, before Nosey and Coker can stop him.'] ['Thomas Zelda  has been paroled from prison for being involved in movie piracy. He is picked up by his eccentric sister Vicky  who is revealed to be a habitual liar . He arrives at Vicky\'s home where he plans to spend some time putting his life back together when it\'s revealed that his mother was told  that he went to France instead of prison. Due to her heart condition, Tommy keeps as the story leading to a euphemism where France means "prison" . During dinner, Gray , Tommy\'s old partner from the movie piracy business, shows up and his sister runs him off. The next day, Tommy meets with his parole officer, Angela Popadopolous , who requires him to work at a pirate-themed restaurant called "Pirate Burger" as part of his parole. He informs Angela that he wants to start up his father\'s painting business instead, but is told that he is required to work at the restaurant. While on the job, he sees Christy , his "dead" ex-girlfriend come up to the drive-through window. Realizing Vicky lied to him, he takes the delivery car to see Christy leading them to spend the night together. The next morning, it is revealed that Christy is engaged to Frank  and Tommy is forced to escape the apartment. Since he took the delivery car without permission, he is fired as from "Pirate Burger" and risks going back to jail for breaking the terms of his parole. He is given another chance and goes back to work at Pirate Burger. That night, he is "kidnapped" by Gray and Gray tries to get him to get back into the piracy business. Tommy refuses stating that he wants to "go straight". Tommy is called to make a delivery. He arrives at the apartment of Angela. Her son is trying to play matchmaker to get her to start dating again. While there, he notices that the apartment is in need of a paint job. Tommy decides to show Angela the kind of work he can do so, with the help of two ex-con coworkers  from Pirate Burger, he breaks into Angela\'s apartment while she\'s away and repaints the living room. Meanwhile, the fictional story about Tommy\'s "France" trip continues to evolve including a relationship with Simone, a French astronaut who was killed on the launchpad so that Tommy\'s mother would not fly everyone to France to meet Simone . Angela is furious at Tommy for breaking and entering but understands what he was trying to do and doesn\'t press charges. She sets him up to paint a judge\'s home. While doing the job, Angela shows up to check on Tommy\'s work and invite him to observe her son\'s little league team. The judge\'s wife, later, impressed by the work, invites Tommy to paint the upstairs as well. While getting tools together, Edgar and Rick prepare the upstairs for painting and knock the judge\'s wife\'s diamond ring off the dresser. Edgar, wanting to do something nice for Tommy, steals the ring and gives it to Christy as a "gift from Tommy". Tommy, who doesn\'t know that the theft occurred, joins Angela at the little league game and they begin to express feelings for each other. They set up a formal date. When Tommy arrives at Angela\'s apartment for the date, Angela is furious over the theft and demands the ring back. He goes to Pirate Burger to confront Edgar and Rick, but they have disappeared. He steals the delivery car  and calls Edgar and Rick. They inform him of the ring\'s location and he drives to Christy\'s house to get the ring back. After a short confrontation with Frank and Christy, he gets the ring and returns it to Angela. The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail. Gray shows up at the prison to bail him out and, disillusioned with his attempts to "go straight", Tommy joins back up with Gray. While this happens, Angela\'s son shows up at Vicky\'s house wanting to see Tommy, but he is not there. Vicky finds Tommy with Gray at the airport and makes up a story about Angela\'s son going missing. Tommy chooses to abandon Gray at the airport  to find Angela\'s son. When he shows up at Angela\'s apartment, he finds out that Vicky has, again, lied to him. His concern for the well being Angela\'s son, however, softens Angela\'s animosity towards Tommy. He invites  Angela to join in a dinner at Vicky\'s house. Angela shows up for the dinner. A story Vicky told Tommy\'s mother about Angela being Tommy\'s "grief counselor" falls apart when Angela informs her that she is actually Tommy\'s parole officer, which also causes the France story to fall apart. The movie ends with Vicky trying to act surprised but no one is buying it.'] ['Boxer and amateur pilot Joe Pendleton ([[Robert Montgomery  flies his small plane to his next fight in New York City, but crashes when a control cable severs. His soul is "rescued" by 7013, an officious angel , who assumed that Joe could not have survived. Joe\'s manager, Max Corkle , has his body cremated. In the afterlife, the records show his death was a mistake; he was supposed to live for 50 more years. The angel\'s superior, Mr. Jordan , confirms this, but since there is no more body, Joe will have to take over a newly dead corpse. Mr. Jordan explains that a body is just something that is worn, like an overcoat; inside, Joe will still be himself. Joe insists that it be someone in good physical shape, because he wants to continue his boxing career. Joe keeps saying the body they find "Has to be in the pink", a color that Mr. Jordan finds annoying. Another annoying fact is that Joe has somehow managed to bring his saxophone with him to heaven; it\'s his good luck charm, on which he plays "The Last Rose of Summer" very badly. After Joe turns down several unsuitable "candidates", Mr. Jordan takes him to see the body of a crooked, extremely wealthy banker-investor named Bruce Farnsworth. Farnsworth\'s wife Julia  and his secretary, Tony Abbott ([[John Emery  have just drugged and drowned him in a bathtub. Joe is reluctant to take over a life so unlike his previous one, but when he sees the murderous pair mockingly berating Miss Logan , the daughter of a financier who was sold worthless bonds by Farnsworth\'s bank, he changes his mind and agrees to be inserted into Farnsworth\'s body. The audience continues to see Montgomery as Pendleton, but everyone in the film, including his wife and secretary , see and hear Farnsworth. As Farnsworth, Joe reforms. He repays all the investors, including Miss Logan\'s father. He sends for Corkle and convinces him that he is Joe . With Farnsworth\'s money to smooth the way, Corkle trains him and arranges a bout with the current heavyweight champion, but Mr. Jordan returns to warn Joe that, while he is destined to be the new champion, it cannot happen that way. Joe has just enough time to warn Miss Logan, with whom he\'s fallen in love, to look for him in another body, most likely a boxer, before he is shot by his secretary. The body is concealed and Joe returns to a ghostly existence. Accompanied by Mr. Jordan, Joe finds that his replacement in the prizefight with the champ is a clean-cut, honest fighter named Murdoch, whom Joe knows and respects. Finding that he has forgotten his lucky saxophone, Joe runs back to the Farnsworth mansion to find that everyone believes Farnsworth has "disappeared." Corkle has hired a private investigator to find him. The usually down-to-earth Corkle openly explains about Joe, Mr. Jordan and the body-switching, sounding like a Spiritualist . Joe manages to mentally nudge Corkle to turn on the radio to the prizefight, and hears that Murdoch has collapsed without even being touched. Mr. Jordan reveals that the boxer was shot by gamblers because he refused to throw the fight. Joe takes over Murdoch\'s body and wins the fight. Back at the mansion, Corkle hears one of the radio announcers mention a saxophone hanging by the ringside and realizes Joe has assumed Murdoch\'s body. Corkle races down to the dressing room. There, Joe passes along information from Mr. Jordan that Farnsworth\'s body is in a refrigerator in the basement of the mansion. Corkle tells the detective , who promptly has Mrs. Farnsworth and the secretary arrested. As Murdoch, Joe fires his old, crooked manager and hires Corkle. Mr. Jordan reveals to Joe that this is his destiny; he can be Murdoch and live his life. Healing the gunshot wound and at the same time removing Joe\'s memory of his past life, Mr. Jordan hangs around for a bit longer until Miss Logan arrives. She wanted to see Corkle, but runs into Murdoch instead. The pair feel they have met before. The two go off together, while Mr. Jordan smiles over another job well done and says "So Long, Champ".'] ['The story describes the efforts of Brian Stimpson , the headmaster of Thomas Tompion Comprehensive School, to travel to an annual Headmasters\' Conference. Having been habitually late and disorganised as a young man, Stimpson has grown up to become fastidiously punctual, and his school runs "like clockwork". He is the first headmaster of a comprehensive school to be elected to chair a Headmaster\'s Conference, that honour usually being reserved for headmasters of the more prestigious private schools. After preparing and rehearsing his speech, he boards the wrong train on his way to the conference, loses the text of the speech, and suffers a series of setbacks as he tries to reach the conference.'] ['The story, which takes place in San Francisco, centers on four identical plaid overnight bags and the people who own them. *One of the bags belongs to Howard Bannister, Ph.D. , and is filled with igneous "tambula" rocks that have certain musical properties. Bannister, a musicologist from the Iowa Conservatory of Music, and his tightly-wound, overbearing fiancée, Eunice Burns , have come to San Francisco to obtain a grant offered by Frederick Larrabee . Howard has a theory that ancient man may have used rocks to create music. Howard\'s rival for the grant is the ethically-challenged, dubiously-accented Hugh Simon , who apparently is from Yugoslavia  but seems to be doing work in Western Europe. *The second bag belongs to Judy Maxwell , and is filled with her clothes and a large dictionary. No matter where Judy goes, trouble happens, from car crashes to spontaneous combustion of hotel rooms. She never finished college, but nevertheless has amassed a considerable amount of knowledge from all of the courses she took at the many institutions of higher learning from which she was expelled. *The third bag belongs to Mrs. Van Hoskins , a rich woman who is using it to store her valuable jewels. *The fourth and last overnight bag belongs to the mysterious "Mr. Smith" ([[Michael Murphy  and contains top-secret government papers. There is at least some indication that he has them illegally and wishes to make them public. The equally mysterious "Mr. Jones" ([[Philip Roth  identifies himself as a being from the government, and is on a mission to recover the documents. Howard, Eunice, Mrs. Van Hoskins, and Mr. Smith all happen to check into the Hotel Bristol at the same time, whereupon Judy lodges herself there without paying and begins pursuing Howard . Two hotel employees  attempt to steal the jewels belonging to Mrs. Van Hoskins, while Mr. Jones attempts to get the bag belonging to Mr. Smith. Over the course of the evening, the bags get switched haphazardly from room to room as the four parties unwittingly take one another\'s suitcases. Howard ends up with the jewels, Judy with the documents, Mr. Smith with the clothes, and the thieves end up with the rocks. Few people ever actually open the bags to confirm that what they think they have is what they actually possess. Meanwhile, Judy manages to secure the grant for Howard while masquerading as Eunice, and then accidentally destroys his hotel room. The following day, everyone makes their way to Mr. Larrabee\'s home where a shooting occurs. Howard and Judy take all the bags and are chased through San Francisco by the thieves, Mr. Smith, Mr. Jones, Eunice, Simon, Larabee and a few roped-in bystanders. They go through Chinatown, down Lombard Street, and eventually into San Francisco Bay. All the protagonists finally end up in court, under the gavel of a world-weary and curmudgeonly judge  who, improbably, turns out to be Judy\'s father, who at the shock of seeing his daughter being involved in this scandal, suffers a heart attack, which causes the judge\'s bench to collapse. In the end, everything is cleared up, Howard gets his rocks back, Mrs. Van Hoskins pays the considerable damages in Howard\'s name with the reward money he would have received for the return of her jewels, the hotel thieves are forced to flee the country and the papers are put back in the hands of the government. Judy exposes Simon as a fraud and plagiarist , Eunice leaves Howard for Larrabee and Judy announces she is taking one more pass at college &mdash; studying Music History at the Iowa Conservatory of Music. The film ends on a suitably romantic  note as Howard and Judy share an airborne kiss while their in-flight movie shows the Bugs Bunny cartoon that gave the film its name.'] ['Mimi Glossop  arrives in England to seek a divorce from her geologist husband Cyril ([[William Austin , whom she hasn\'t seen for several years. Under the guidance of her domineering and much-married aunt Hortense , she consults a bumbling and less-than-competent lawyer Egbert Fitzgerald , who happens to be one of Hortense\'s previous fiancés. He arranges for her to spend a night at a seaside hotel and to be caught in an adulterous relationship, for which purpose he hires a professional co-respondent, Rodolfo Tonetti ([[Erik Rhodes . But Egbert forgets to arrange for private detectives to "catch" the couple. By coincidence, Guy Holden  an American dancer and friend of Egbert\'s, who briefly met Mimi on her arrival in England, and who is now besotted with her, also arrives at the hotel, only to be mistaken by Mimi for the co-respondent she has been waiting for. While they are in Mimi\'s bedroom, Tonetti arrives, revealing the truth, and holds them "prisoner" to suit the plan. They contrive to escape and dance the night away. In the morning, after several mistakes with the waiter, Cyril Glossop ([[William Austin  arrives at the door, so Guy hides in the next room, while Mimi and Tonetti give a show of being lovers. When Cyril doesn\'t believe them, Guy comes out and embraces Mimi in an attempt to convince him that he is her lover, but to no avail. It is an unwitting waiter  who finally clears the whole thing up by revealing that Cyril himself is an adulterer, thus clearing the way for Mimi to get a divorce and marry Guy.'] ['Woodrow Lafayette Pershing Truesmith  is a small town boy whose father, "Hinky Dinky" Truesmith, was a Marine who died a hero in World War I. Woodrow has been discharged from the Marine Corps after only a month owing to his chronic hay fever. Rather than disappoint his mother , he pretends to be fighting overseas in World War II while secretly working in a San Diego shipyard. In a chance encounter in a bar he buys a round of drinks for six Marines back from the Battle of Guadalcanal headed by Master Gunnery Sergeant Heppelfinger . It transpires Heppelfinger had served with Woodrow\'s father in the 6th Marines in World War I. One of the Marines decides to telephone Woodrow\'s mother, telling her that he has received a medical discharge, so she will not have to worry about him. Woodrow is vehemently opposed to the fraud, but the Marines are all for it. Heppelfinger embellishes the charade by having Woodrow swap coats with one of the Marines that have the 1st Marine Division Battle Blaze and Pacific Theatre of Operations medals on it. When they step off the train, the seemingly harmless deception has escalated beyond control; the entire town turns out to greet its homegrown hero. With an election coming up, the citizens decide to make an unwilling Woodrow their candidate against the pompous current mayor, Mr. Noble . Complicating matters even further, Woodrow had written his girlfriend Libby , telling her not to wait for him. She had since gotten engaged to Forrest Noble ([[Bill Edwards , the mayor\'s son. Finally, Woodrow can stand it no longer. He confesses everything at a campaign rally and goes home to pack. Libby breaks her engagement and tells Woodrow she is going with him. Meanwhile, Heppelfinger praises Woodrow\'s courage in telling the truth to the stunned townsfolk, and after considering the matter, they decide that Woodrow has just the qualities they need in a mayor.'] ['After seven years, lawyer Nick Arden  has his wife Ellen , missing since her ship was lost, declared legally dead so he can marry Bianca . It turns out however that Ellen was merely shipwrecked on a deserted island, and has been rescued. When she returns home, she learns that Nick has just left on his honeymoon with his second wife. When Ellen tracks him down before his honeymoon night, he is at a loss as to how to break the news to Bianca. He keeps putting off the unpleasant business. Meanwhile, Bianca becomes frustrated by Nick\'s odd behavior  and calls in a psychiatrist, Dr. Kohlmar ([[Pedro de Cordoba . Further complications ensue when an insurance adjuster  mentions to Nick a rumor that Ellen was not alone on the island, but had the company of a Stephen Burkett  and that they called each other "Adam" and "Eve". When Nick confronts Ellen, she recruits a mousy shoe salesman  to pretend to be Stephen, but Nick has already tracked the real, appallingly virile and handsome Stephen down. Nick tries to explain the situation to Bianca and Dr. Kohlmar, but they do not believe him ... until he is arrested on a charge of bigamy. In court, Judge Bryson , the same judge who had Ellen declared legally dead and also married Nick and Bianca, annuls the second marriage. By this time, Ellen is no longer sure of Nick\'s feelings for her. Stephen asks her to marry him and return with him to the island, but she still loves Nick. In the end, Nick and Ellen are reconciled.'] ['Larger-than-life Broadway impresario Oscar Jaffe takes an unknown lingerie model named Mildred Plotka and makes her the star of his latest play, despite the grave misgivings of everyone else, including his two long-suffering assistants, accountant Oliver Webb and the consistently tipsy Owen O\'Malley. Through intensive training, Oscar transforms his protegée into the actress "Lily Garland", and both she and the play are resounding successes. Over the next three years, their partnership spawns three more smash hits, and Lily is recognized as a transcendent talent. Then Lily tries to break off their professional and personal relationship, fed up with Oscar\'s overpossesiveness and control of every aspect of her life. Oscar talks her out of it, promising to be more trusting and less controlling in the future. Instead, he secretly hires a private detective agency run by McGonigle to watch her every move, even to the point of tapping her telephone. When she finds out, it is the last straw; she leaves for Hollywood and becomes a great movie star. Without Lily, Oscar produces flop after flop. After the latest one, he is forced to disguise himself to board the luxurious Twentieth Century Limited train travelling from Chicago to New York City\'s Grand Central Terminal without being thrown in jail by his creditors. By chance, Lily Garland boards the train at a later stop with her boyfriend George Smith. Oscar sees a chance to restore his fortunes and salvage his relationship with Lily. He schemes to get her to sign a contract with him. However, Lily wants nothing more to do with him. She is on her way to see Oscar\'s rival , Max Jacobs, to star in his play. However, Oscar manages to get George to break up with her. Knowing that Lily offers him one last chance at professional success he tells her of his wish for her to play Mary Magdalene in his new play; "sensual, heartless, but beautiful – running the gamut from the gutter, to glory – can you see it Lily? – the little wanton ending up in tears at the foot of the cross. I\'m going to have Judas strangle himself with her hair." Then Oliver thinks he has found somebody to finance Oscar\'s project, fellow passenger Mathew J. Clark, not realizing that Clark is a harmless escapee from a mental asylum. When Oscar is slightly wounded in a scuffle with Clark, he pretends to be dying and gets a distraught Lily to sign his contract. The film ends with their first rehearsal, where Oscar reverts to his usual domineering self.'] ['A charity benefit sponsored by David Thayer is staged aboard the S.S. Fortune, Phil Brant\'s gambling ship. The entertainment is provided by a jazz band led by Tommy Drake and featuring singer Fran Page and talented but unstable clarinetist Buddy Hollis. After a set, Drake informs a displeased Brant that he is quitting, having gotten a much better booking through Mitchell Talbin. However, Drake has a problem; he owes gangster Al Amboy $12,000. When Amboy  hears the news, he demands full payment that very night. Drake begs Talbin to give him an advance, but Talbin is unwilling to part with such a large sum. In desperation, Drake sneaks into Brant\'s office and opens the safe. However, he is shot from behind and killed. Brant and socialite Janet Thayer elope, since her father David disapproves of Brant\'s lower class background. The next morning, they show up at Nick and Nora Charles\'s apartment, having learned that Brant is the prime suspect in the murder. When a bullet narrowly misses Brant, Nick turns him in to the police, having decided it is safer for all concerned. Then Nick starts investigating. Sneaking aboard the Fortune, Nick discovers on the back side of a sheet of music a receipt signed by Amboy acknowledging that Drake\'s debt had been paid. Nick then runs into Drake\'s band, allowed back on board to collect their instruments. When he questions them, he learns that the bandleader had many enemies, among them Buddy Hollis. Musician Clarence "Clinker" Krause agrees to help Nick track Buddy down, but they have no luck. Nick and Nora visit a hostile Janet. The bullet that killed Drake likely came from an antique gun, and Nick knows Janet\'s father is an avid collector. Sure enough, he finds one gun missing from Mr. Thayer\'s collection. Janet leaves after getting a telephone call. Nick and Nora follow her to Fran\'s apartment. There they find Fran\'s body; she was stabbed in the back very recently. Janet claims Fran called to sell her some information, but that she got there after Fran was killed. Nick finds a matchbook from a hotel in Poughkeepsie. That eventually leads him to a rest home where Buddy is undergoing treatment. The musician is too badly shaken up to answer Nick\'s questions, though Nora\'s presence seems to calm him down. When Nora sneaks back later by herself, Buddy becomes agitated, confesses to the murder, pulls out a gun, and tries to shoot Nora. Fortunately, he misses. Nick does not believe the deranged man\'s confession; Drake was slain by a well-aimed shot. Nick decides to gather all the suspects together by arranging a party on the reopened Fortune and announcing that Buddy has fully recovered and will reveal the real murderer\'s identity that night. It is Nora who notices the vital clue. Amboy\'s wife shows up wearing a valuable necklace that matches the earrings of Mitchell Talbin\'s wife Phyllis. Sometime later, the necklace mysteriously reappears on Phyllis\'s neck. When Nick confronts Mitchell, Phyllis reveals that it was she who paid off her lover Drake\'s debt using the necklace. As Nick prompts Buddy to finger the killer, Mitchell finally confesses to both killings and pulls out a gun. An enraged Phyllis shoots him first, but her husband is only wounded. Then, despite Nick\'s pleas, she fires again and again, finishing the job.'] ['After the funeral of Marc and Kyle , Kyle\'s mom Helen  takes in her nephew, geeky but cute Casey , and gives him the number for Tiffani , Kyle\'s slutty fag hag friend, who hires him at her salon "Nail Me". They venture to the local LGBT center so Casey can volunteer for an upcoming event, and Casey meets Zack , a gorgeous frequent visitor. So Tiffani and Casey set up a phony online profile using the image of Tiffani\'s buff ex, Ryan... which works fine until the real Ryan  shows up. Ryan pretends to be gay to piss Tiffani off, so he accepts Zack\'s date, but later bails. Zack finds Casey to talk to, but then finds out that Casey and Ryan had both lied to him. Ryan and Tiffani both wanted to help get Casey and Zack together, so they shut the door and lock them in a room together to talk through it. But the problem wasn\'t getting solved, so Ryan, although he is straight, decides to strip and get into a threesome to get Casey and Zack together. Only through some fancy footwork, advice from Aunt Helen and mentor Harry, and a daring sexual escapade can Casey figure out how to set things right and perhaps even find the love he\'s been seeking.'] ["As a relative newcomer to town, Dr. Mumford  seems charming and skillful to his neighbors and patients. His unique, frank approach to psychotherapy soon attracts patients away from the two therapists (David Paymer and [[Jane Adams  already working in the area. Soon he is treating a variety of conditions, ranging from one man's attachment to dime-store erotic novels to an unhappy woman's compulsive shopping. Mumford befriends a billionaire computer mogul ([[Jason Lee  and a cafe waitress  and he attempts to play matchmaker. He also begins to fall for a patient  who suffers from chronic fatigue syndrome. Together with an attorney , a patient Mumford had rejected because of his narcissism, the rival therapists conspire to find skeletons in Mumford's closet, hoping to destroy his reputation. And there are indeed skeletons galore, as a confidante of Mumford's soon finds out."] ['The film is set early in the flapper era, beginning on "Thursday", June 2 of 1922, although in fact this day was a Friday. Millie Dillmount\'s  ambition is to find work as a stenographer to a wealthy businessman and then marry him&mdash;a thoroughly modern goal. Millie befriends Miss Dorothy Brown  as the latter checks into the Priscilla Hotel. When house mother Mrs. Meers  learns Miss Dorothy is an orphan, she remarks, "Sad to be all alone in the world." Unbeknownst to Millie, the woman is selling her tenants into white slavery, and those without family or close friends are her primary targets. At a friendship dance in the hall, Millie meets the devil-may-care paper clip salesman Jimmy Smith , to whom she takes an instant liking. However, she carries on with her plan to work for and then marry a rich man, and when she gets a job at Sincere Trust, she sets her sights on the attractive but self-absorbed Trevor Graydon . Jimmy later takes her and Miss Dorothy on an outing to Long Island, where they meet eccentric widow Muzzy Van Hossmere . Jimmy tells the girls that his father was Muzzy’s former gardener. Although Millie is falling in love with Jimmy, she is determined to stick to her plan and marry Trevor. One morning, she goes to work dressed as a flapper and attempts to seduce him, but her effort fails. Eventually, Trevor sees Miss Dorothy and falls in love with her and vice versa, leaving Millie heartbroken. Meanwhile, Jimmy\'s attempts to talk to Millie are continually thwarted by no-nonsense head stenographer Miss Flannary . He eventually climbs up the side of the building and when he finally gets to talk to Millie, she tells him she is quitting her job since Mr. Graydon is no longer available. Mrs. Meers makes several attempts to kidnap Miss Dorothy and hand her over to her Asian henchmen Bun Foo  and Ching Ho , but Millie manages to interrupt her every time. When Mrs. Meers finally succeeds, Millie finds Trevor drowning his sorrows, and he tells her Miss Dorothy stood him up and checked out of the hotel. Jimmy climbs into Miss Dorothy\'s room and lets Millie in, and they find all of Miss Dorothy\'s possessions still there. Millie realizes Miss Dorothy is just one of several girls who have vanished without a word to anyone. Together with Trevor Graydon, they try to piece the puzzle together. When Jimmy asks what all the missing girls had in common, Millie mentions they all were orphans. Jimmy disguises himself as a woman named Mary James seeking accommodations at the Priscilla Hotel, and casually mentions she is an orphan in front of Mrs. Meers. Mrs. Meers spots Trevor sitting in his car in front of the hotel, becomes suspicious, and shoots him with a tranquilizer dart. Mary James is subsequently captured by Mrs. Meers and Bun Foo, and Millie follows them to Chinatown, where the unconscious Jimmy has been hidden in a room in a fireworks factory where Miss Dorothy is sleeping. Trying to look casual, Millie has been smoking a cigarette outside the building, and when she begins to choke on it, she tosses it into a window, setting off the fireworks. As a series of explosions tear through the building, Millie dashes into the factory and finds several white girls tied up and about to be sent off to Beijing. She unties a couple of them, who then free the other girls, and then bumps into Miss Dorothy. They carry Jimmy out of the building, and head for Long Island and Muzzy. Mrs. Meers, Bun Foo, and Ching Ho follow Millie and the gang, but under Muzzy\'s leadership everyone manages to subdue the nefarious trio. Millie then discovers Jimmy and Miss Dorothy are millionaire siblings and Muzzy is their stepmother, who sent them out into the world to find partners who would love them for who they were and not for their money. Millie marries Jimmy and Miss Dorothy marries Trevor.'] ['Stewart "Stew" Smith ([[Robert_Williams_, ace reporter for the Post, is assigned to get the story about the latest escapade of playboy Michael Schuyler , a breach of promise suit by chorus girl Gloria Golden, who has been paid to drop it. Unlike rival Daily Tribune reporter Bingy Baker , he turns down a $50 bribe from Dexter Grayson , the Schuylers\' lawyer, to not write anything. He does pretend to be swayed by the pleas of Anne , Michael\'s sister, but then brazenly calls his editor with the scoop, appalling the Schuylers. Stew returns to the house to return a copy of Conrad he had taken from the Schuylers\' library. The butler, Smythe , tries to make him leave, but Anne sees him. Stew surprises Anne by presenting her with Michael\'s love letters to Gloria, who had intended to use them to extort more money from the Schuylers. Anne offers Stew a $5,000 check, which he refuses. She asks why he reported the suit, but not the love notes. Stew explains that one was news, the other, blackmail. He later tells her he is writing a play. Intrigued, Anne wonders if she can turn him into a gentleman. She invites him to a party at the house. They fall in love and soon elope, horrifying Anne\'s widowed mother, Mrs. Schuyler , an imperious dowager who looks down on Stew\'s lower class background. Michael takes it in stride, telling Stew he\'s not as bad as everyone thinks. The wedding is scooped by the rival Daily Tribune, enraging his editor, Conroy . Even more upset is Stew\'s best friend Gallagher , a sob sister columnist secretly pining for him. Conroy taunts Stew as "a bird in a gilded cage." Despite his bravado, Stew is upset by the implication he is no longer his own man, vowing not to live on Anne\'s money. However, she cajoles him into moving into the mansion and starts to make him over, buying him garters  and hiring a valet, Dawson . When the Schuylers hold a reception for the Spanish ambassador, Gallagher substitutes for the society reporter and chats with Stew. Anne is surprised to learn that her husband\'s best friend  is actually a lovely young woman and treats Gallagher icily. Then, Bingy tells Stew the Tribune will give him a column if he signs it "Anne Schuyler\'s husband." Insulted, Stew punches Bingy when he calls him Cinderella Man. The next morning, Mrs. Schuyler is aghast to find Stew\'s brawl has made the front page. Wrestling with his play, Stew invites Gallagher and another friend, Hank  from Joe\'s. They arrive with Joe and several bar patrons in tow and even Bingy shows up to apologize. A raucous party ensues. Meanwhile, Stew and Gallagher ponder the play, deciding to base it on Stew\'s marriage. Anne, Mrs. Schuyler, and Grayson return as the party is in full swing. Stew apologizes for letting the party get out of control, but protests that he can invite friends to "my house." Anne replies, "Your house?" Stew returns with Gallagher to his own apartment. Along the way, he gives a homeless man his expensive garters. Grayson stops by to say Anne will pay him alimony, whereupon Stew punches him . Stew tells Gallagher the play could end with the protagonist divorcing his rich wife and marrying the woman whom he had always loved without ever realizing it. Overwhelmed, Gallagher hugs him.'] ['In 1870 Galveston, Texas, a shipment of $100,000 being transported by stagecoach is the object of a tug-of-war between Zack Thomas  and Joe Jarrett , who first must stave off an outlaw band led by Matson . Thomas and Jarrett become rivals in a bid to open a waterfront casino. Each has a new romantic attachment as well, with the beauties Elya  and Maxine , respectively. They eventually must join forces to hold off the villainous Matson and a corrupt banker, Burden , to keep their new gambling boat afloat. The role of Elya was originally intended for Sophia Loren who had already worked with Sinatra in The Pride and the Passion. Although she was offered $1,000,000 for four weeks of work, Loren turned the part down.{{fact}}'] ["Chris Hammond  is a high school senior. He's an average student, a decent track team participant, and likes a girl at school who happens to be dating a jock. His father Jack , a surgeon, wants him to get into an Ivy League school to study pre-med. Chris' friend Trigger  has an uncle who had experimented with body-switching potions, and helps Jack and Chris switch brains."] ["Kalyani ([[Ranjini  is the daughter of a wealthy NRI Ramachandra Menon  who resides in the United States. Kalyani, brought up in Chennai by her father's friend Kaimal , falls in love with another man and decides to marry against the wishes of her father. When her boyfriend finds out that she will be disinherited, he ditches her at the altar. After a short while her father decides to retract his disapproval and spend a fortnight's vacation with his daughter and son-in-law in his estate near a tribal community where Menon is the chief. Because her father is already ill and because this may be his last vacation, Kalyani and Kaimal want to make it as happy for him as possible. They decide to conceal the fact that her boyfriend dumped her. Kaimal hires Vishnu  to play the part of the husband for a fortnight. Meanwhile Kalyani's cousin Bhaskaran Nambiar ([[Sreenivasan  who is the caretaker of the estate was expected to inherit Menon's estate and property when Kalyani was disinherited, is determined not to let go without a fight. He knows that Vishnu is not Kalyani's boyfriend and makes various botched attempts to prove this. Initially Vishnu and Kalyani do not get along and keep bickering. But as time passes, she develops an affection towards Vishnu and hopes to marry him for real. A couple of days after they have a mysterious visitor  who claims to be a relative of Vishnu. Finally it is revealed that Vishnu is actually an escaped convict from jail who is sentenced to death and the visitor turns out to be the prison warden. Vishnu's past is shown in flashback and he was a freelance photographer who was married to a woman named Revathy , a mute dancer. They also had a child. Vishnu discovers that a man was visiting his wife when he was not around and begins to suspect her. Coming home one day he finds the man there and tries to attack him. Revathy dies in the scuffle, Vishnu discovers that the man is actually her brother who is a naxalite. He tells Kalyani that he escaped prison to make money for the surgery of his child. On the last night of Vishnu's stay at the house, he asks Jail Warden, is it possible for him to live, as he started to like life again. The warden did not reply to his question as he is helpless regarding this. After a happy fortnight, Kalyani's father returns to the US. The final scene shows the warden taking Vishnu to jail, with Kalyani watching him leave, where his execution awaits him."] ['The film brims with British comedy talent of the period. The Crazy Gang’s mobile fish and chip shop is accidentally tied to a barrage balloon and the gang is carried to Nazi Germany. They are captured but break out of prison, impersonate Adolf Hitler and return to England in a stolen secret weapon. The film was a morale-booster at a period of the war when Britain looked in real danger of defeat.'] ['Ted Healy and his Stooges are entertainers. But because Healy is much more interested in women than he is in performing, they are thrown out of the Happy Hour Theatre. Unable to keep a job anywhere else, they are reduced to waiting tables at a high-class restaurant. This, of course, ends up being a disaster as the restaurant is thrown into chaos because of them. So, yet again, they are thrown back out on to the streets.'] ["Master Sergeant Dan O'Farrell is a G.I. on an island somewhere in the South Pacific during World War II, bemoaning the consequences of a ship torpedoed while ferrying to the island a desperately needed cargo of beer. Among his problems are the Navy personnel making life difficult for him and his Army buddies, an officer trying to emulate John Paul Jones, a hoped-for delivery of morale-boosting nurses turning out to be six men and the ugliest woman  ever to wilt a bouquet of flowers, and a Japanese soldier who has hiding from everyone else ... and hiding something else as well."] 