['{{Plot}} On Thanksgiving Day, 1983, student Marty Pascal ([[Josh Hamilton  brings his fiancée, Lesly , home to his family\'s McLean, Virginia estate to meet them for the first time. Marty is obviously nervous and hesitant about the impending introduction of his future wife to his family; he has informed them that he is bringing a guest but without any further details. Marty\'s family prepares both for his arrival and for an impending hurricane. Marty\'s twin sister Jacqueline , recently released from a psychiatric hospital, is ecstatic about his arrival, until she is informed that a "friend" is accompanying Marty. She becomes distressed and, over the course of the night, shows many signs that suggest she suffers from bipolar disorder, including sudden mood swings and an inability to cope with change. Referred to as "Jackie-O" by her family, Jackie has had a long obsession with the former first lady and the Kennedy assassination. As an adult, Jackie-O still emulates the former first lady in her style of dress and her hairstyle. Jackie-O lives with her mother and her younger brother Anthony . He and the matriarch of the family, Mrs. Pascal  are very protective of Jackie. Mrs. Pascal is immediately suspicious and guarded against her future daughter-in-law Lesly. Meanwhile, Lesly is initially oblivious to the tumultuous nature of the family. It is clear that Marty is in love with Lesly\'s "normalcy" and their engagement is a way for him to break from his family mold. As the hurricane outside intensifies, Marty and Lesly become stranded in the house until the storm lets up. After meeting Lesly, Jackie-O comes close to a melt-down at her bathroom sink, yet suddenly gains her composure and surprises Lesly. Jackie playfully interrogates Lesly about her love life with Marty, going so far as to ask for graphic details about their sexual escapades. Jackie-O informs Lesly of a nearby former girlfriend of Marty\'s, with whom he shared an intense affair in his youth and hints that there might be a "reunion" between the two former lovers. It becomes clear that Marty\'s lover was in fact Jackie-O after she coerces Marty into playing their favorite childhood "game," a re-enactment of the JFK assassination, a game that led to their first sexual encounter when they were 14. Jackie-O and Marty play the game, and after she has "shot" him, she runs over to cradle him in her arms. She begins to kiss him, and the two have sex. Lesly walks in on them and, horrified, runs back upstairs where Anthony, who previously tried to warn her of Marty and Jackie\'s sexual relationship, convinces Lesly that he is an insecure virgin dying of a brain tumor, leading to a short and awkward sexual encounter. In the morning, Lesly confronts the family about the events of the night before. Mrs. Pascal coerces Anthony to tell Marty that he slept with Lesly. Meanwhile, Jackie-O searches the house for a gun that Marty had been ordered to hide by their mother, finding it in the bathroom. She flushes Marty\'s car keys down the toilet and returns to the living room where Lesly confronts Jackie-O about her mental illness and incestuous relationship. As Lesly runs to get their suitcases so she and Marty can leave, Jackie pulls the gun and asks Marty to play their game one last time, agreeing to let them leave afterward. Anthony races to find her medication while Marty cautiously plays along. In tears, Jackie shoots and kills her brother. Lesly runs from the house. In a voice over , Jackie explains that Marty was buried in the backyard "next to Daddy."'] ['The film follows Melinda, a female employee of the Pentagon\'s public information service, who loses her job when she refuses to give in to her male superiors\' sexual advances. She then becomes outraged by the Pentagon\'s "un-patriotic" actions, and takes revenge on them by using her physical charms to seduce the top brass into letting her back into the Pentagon. After being re-employed, she sets out to manipulate them to her will and destroy their careers, thus ridding the US government of what she sees as "perverts", who care more about cheap thrills than national security. She eventually seduces the Russian ambassador into betraying valuable military secrets by offering him among other things "the most scrumptious little breasts" as well as something  which she declares to be the "softest, moistest, sweetest". In the end she is appointed Secretary of Defense as a reward.'] ['23-year-old psychiatric patient Ricky has been deemed cured and is released from a mental institution. Until then he has been the lover of the woman director of the hospital. An orphan, free, and alone, his goal is to have a normal life with Marina Ozores, an actress, former porn star, and recovering drug addict, whom he once slept with during an escape from the asylum. Ricky discovers Marina’s whereabouts from a film journal announcement of the start of her next film. He goes to the studio where Marina is in her last day at work filming The Midnight Phantom, a Euro-horror film about a hideously mutilated, masked muscleman in love with Marina’s character. The film is directed by Máximo Espejo, an old film director confined to a wheelchair after a stroke. Máximo is a gentle mentor to Marina and threatens to throw out a journalist who mentions the words "porn" and "junkie" in Marina’s presence. His protection of the actress is not completely innocent since he is sexually attracted to Marina and lusts after her, enjoying what could be his last experience of directing a sexy female lead. When Ricky comes to the set, he steals a few necessary items including the keys to Marina’s apartment and before long, he is an unwelcome presence in her life. Ricky, with a long-haired wig, does a handstand to try to capture her attention. Marina does not remember him and quickly dismisses him. After filming the last scene, Marina goes home to change for the post-shoot party. Ricky follows her to her apartment. When she answers the door, Ricky forces his way in. He grabs her and headbutts her to silence her when she screams; he tapes her mouth and binds her with rope. Marina wakes with a terrible toothache, which normal painkillers do not relieve as she is addicted to stronger drugs. Ricky explains that he has captured her so that when she gets to know him better she will fall in love and they will get married and have children. "I\'ll never love you, ever," says Marina, understandably enraged at being handcuffed, gagged and lashed to the bed. "We\'ll see," says Ricky, who would do anything to win her heart. Marina is shocked and in pain, and eventually persuades Ricky to take her to a doctor who can give her the necessary painkillers. Ricky barely leaves her alone with the doctor, and she is unable to communicate her plight. They cannot get the drugs in the pharmacy so Ricky goes off to get them on the black market. However, rather than paying the street price, he attacks the dealer to get the tablets. During the after-filming party Marina’s sister, Lola, who is the assistant director of The Midnight Phantom, steals the show with a musical number. Increasingly worried about her sister’s disappearance, Lola visits Marina\'s apartment and leaves a note. To avoid being discovered, Ricky moves Marina to her next door neighbor’s apartment. The apartment is empty, but the owner has left his keys with Lola so she can water his plants while he is away during the summer. In the street again, Ricky is spotted by the dealer who he had attacked, and is seriously beaten and left unconscious. During his absence Marina makes a desperate but somewhat halfhearted attempt to escape from her captivity. However when he returns covered with bruises and cuts, she sees his vulnerability and devotion to her, no matter how misguided. She cares for him, binding his wounds, and is suddenly struck by the realization that she has fallen in love with her captor. They make love at length and Ricky seems to be on the verge of achieving his aim. They decide to take a trip together to his native village. When he is about to leave to steal a car for the trip, Marina, who still considers herself his prisoner, tells him to keep her tied up so that she won\'t try to escape. However, in Ricky’s absence, Lola reenters the apartment and discovers Marina tied up and rescues her. Marina informs her sister that she is in love with her captor. Lola is astonished to learn that Marina really no longer wants to be rescued, but once convinced, she agrees to drive Marina to Ricky\'s birthplace. They find him there in the ruins of his family house in a deserted village, then the three climb into Lola\'s car to return to the city. Lola promises Ricky she will find him a job, Marina cries with happiness, and they drive off together into the distance singing, like a regular family.'] ['As an aging widower begins suffering from heart trouble, his greedy heirs hope to speed him on his way by hiring a seductive nurse  to get his pulse racing. Their plan eventually backfires as the young beauty begins to fall in love with the old man.'] ['Marianne Faithfull sings "The Ballad of Lucy Jordan" over the opening credit sequence. Marilyn Jordan  is a bored, depressed American housewife, married to a rich Swedish businessman with two seemingly perfect children. She tries to "spice up" her existence by surprising the family when she eats their entire dinner, setting the bedclothes on fire and poisoning the pet dog\'s milk and then advising it not to drink . Eventually Martin, Marilyn\'s husband, decides to show her to a psychiatrist, but that only serves to further her frustration. One day, when she decides to accompany her husband on a business trip, Marilyn gets detained by security at the airport on a technicality. After missing her plane, she is befriended by a group of gypsies and is taken to a club they run, bearing the odd name of "Zanzi-Bar." There, Marilyn indulges in their fantastic, surreal world of shovel fighting, lamb roasting, striptease and free love. It all culminates with Marilyn having a passionate fling with a young man named Montenegro  who works in a zoo. After spending the night with Montenegro, Marilyn realizes that even though she adores this world, she is a stranger in it. Completely snapping upon this realization, she kills the young man and returns home. Once there, she serves her family a gourmet dinner, followed by a light dessert of fruit... that turns out to be poisoned. The final intertitle states: "The story was based on real events".'] ["El Hadj Abdoukader Beye, a Senegalese businessman, marries for the third time, thereby demonstrating his social and economic success. But on the wedding night he discovers that he is incapable of consummating the marriage; he has become impotent. At the beginning, he suspects his two wives, without realizing that he walks by the true guilty party every day. The film criticizes the African leaders' attitude after Independence, underlining their greed and their inability to step away from foreign influences.FCAT"] ['The film portrays the conflicting and comical attempts by five couples to avoid pregnancy by using contraceptive pills. All of their efforts are ultimately unsuccessful, with the result that all five of the women give birth the following year. The story revolves around a wealthy London banker named Gerald Hardcastle  and his wife Prudence , who live together unhappily, sleeping in separate bedrooms and speaking to each other only when necessary. The five couples in the film are  Gerald and his French mistress Elizabeth, or "Liz" ,  Prudence and her doctor, Dr. Alan Hewitt ,  the Hardcastles\'s maid Rose  and their chauffeur Ted ,  Gerald\'s brother Henry  and his wife Grace , and  Henry and Grace\'s daughter Geraldine  and her boyfriend Tony Bates . All of the couples want to use a birth-control pill called "Thenol", but none of them wants to admit it. Prudence, Grace, and Ted manage to acquire supplies of pills, Grace through a prescription written by Hewitt, and Ted from the local chemist, or pharmacist, who happens to be a friend of his. However, Grace soon becomes pregnant, because Geraldine has been stealing her pills and replacing them with aspirin tablets. After Geraldine admits her pill-switching scheme to Grace and Grace tells Gerald about it, Gerald uses the scheme on Prudence in order to generate incriminating evidence of her affair. Meanwhile, believing that Rose is too conservative to accept contraception, Ted puts his tablets in a vitamin bottle and tells her she needs them for her health. However, Rose is worried about becoming pregnant, so she switches the pills in her vitamin bottle with the pills in Prudence\'s Thenol bottle, just moments after Gerald replaces Prudence\'s Thenol with aspirin. The result, then, is that Rose unwittingly trades Ted\'s Thenol for Gerald\'s aspirin. She soon becomes pregnant, and Ted tells Gerald about the pills he gave her, but says nothing about telling her they were vitamins. When Gerald asks her why her Thenol pills failed to work, she asks him how he knew about them, thinking that he has already found out about her taking Prudence\'s pills, at which point they both realize that she has revealed her guilt. Now knowing why Prudence is still not pregnant, Gerald buys more aspirin, determined to expose her relationship with Hewitt. This eventually works, as do whatever measures Grace took to keep her pills away from Geraldine. By the end of the film, Geraldine and Prudence are both expecting. Eventually, Gerald gets into trouble with both Liz and Prudence. Liz grows dissatisfied in her covert relationship with Gerald, who has been hiding her from his family, and decides to leave him. Prudence finds the letter that Liz wrote to Gerald about her decision, and Gerald finds Hewitt\'s Thenol prescription for Prudence. At first, neither Gerald nor Prudence is willing to grant the other a divorce, but Prudence offers to take the blame after becoming pregnant, as long as Gerald will spare Hewitt\'s reputation. Gerald accepts this arrangement grudgingly, but before meeting with Hewitt, he happens to see Liz while driving through town, and she tells him she is going to have his baby. Now able to see her openly, and with a child on the way, Gerald quickly and enthusiastically agrees to an amicable divorce. A few months later, a total of six newborn babies arrive, Rose having had twins.'] ['Oscar Grubman  is a 15-year-old young man, portrayed as mature beyond his years, traveling home for Thanksgiving. He speaks fluent French, quotes Voltaire and finds girls of his own age to be unexperienced in life. When an attractive girl from his school, Miranda Spear , approaches Oscar, he politely brushes her off. Oscar confides in his friend Charlie  that he is in love with a mature woman and plans to win her heart during Thanksgiving break. Oscar arrives at the apartment of his father, Columbia University history professor and author, Stanley Grubman , and stepmother, the passionate cardiologist, Eve . That evening, the Grubmans hold a party where Stanley introduces him to a girl of his age, but Oscar rebuffs her as well while staring at the object of his affection: his stepmother. Oscar tries to open up to her, but the unsuspecting Eve doesn\'t pick up on any of his advances. Stanley tells him to walk the girl home, but he hails her a cab. Depressed from his failure with the older woman, Oscar goes to a bar and gets drunk. He bumps into Eve\'s best friend, chiropractor Diane Lodder , who offers to take him to her own apartment seeing his current condition. Once there, Diane begins to massage him and they end up having sex. Oscar wakes the next morning and has an awkward encounter with Diane\'s boyfriend, Phil. Back at home, Oscar plans a surprise lunch for Eve but first Stanley inquires about where Oscar spent the night. Oscar makes up a story about meeting Miranda Spear from school. He brings lunch to Eve at her lab, where he opens up to her once more, pondering the use of the heart as a symbol for affection. Together they decide that the liver should be the new symbol for love. Their conversation is interrupted by a phone call from Stanley, who mentions that Diane will be joining them for dinner. Worried that Diane will tell Eve about their tryst, Oscar finds Diane at a tea room with several of her friends. All act as though they know about the previous evening. Oscar makes Diane promise to keep last night a secret from Stanley and especially Eve. At dinner, Diane drinks and behaves erratically. She plays footsie with Oscar and flirts with him in French. After she excuses herself from the table, Oscar follows to confront her. She kisses him while not being totally out of Stanley\'s view, after which Diane admits to Stanley and Eve that she and Oscar are lovers. The next day, Diane explains to Eve that she found Oscar a charming young man. Eve and Oscar play a tense round of tennis, lobbing insults at each other, ending up with Oscar getting hit in the head with a ball. Oscar explains to Eve that he only did what he did with Diane because he was drunk and she was wearing Eve\'s scarf. Eve immediately understands that he is in love with her. They share a passionate kiss but Eve eventually breaks away. At the end of Thanksgiving break, Eve and Stanley take Oscar to the train. Eve asks Oscar how his liver feels and he replies that it hurts, but is not broken. On the train, Oscar runs into Miranda, who quotes Voltaire: "If we do not find something pleasant at least we will find something new." Oscar tells Charlie that his obsession with Eve wasn\'t as important as it seemed. Charlie doesn\'t understand his friend, but Oscar smiles as the train rolls on.'] ["Matt Sullivan  and his roommate, Ryan , are co-workers at a San Francisco dot-com company. Matt is obsessed with his ex-girlfriend, Nicole , who has just gotten engaged. He confides to his brother, John , who is training to become a Catholic priest, that he has sexual problems because of his obsession. Matt vows to go without sexual activities for 40 days and 40 nights for Lent. In this movie it is also implied that Matt does not masturbate or otherwise actively seek orgasm for the same period, since doing so could be considered sexual. John warns Matt that celibacy is not easy; meanwhile, Ryan starts a popular office pool to bet on how long Matt can last. Matt meets Erica , a cyber nanny, and begin to date. They face many challenges in their relationship, including her discovery of his celibacy vow and Matt's continuing feelings for Nicole. Matt's co-workers make many unsuccessful attempts to persuade him to have sex in order to win the pool, and as the days pass Matt's obsession with sex grows. At one point he angrily grabs a pornographic magazine from an office desk and begins to march towards a toilet stall in order to masturbate, but his co-workers stop him and convince him to maintain his pledge. Despite the range of increasingly powerful cultural incentives to sex and orgasm surrounding Matt — scantily-dressed women, billboards, et cetera — Matt's commitment holds, and begins to frustrate a lot of the people around him who had fully expected him to break it long before he could get close to his goal. In the meantime, Erica and Matt are falling in love, and they plan a special encounter for the 40th night to celebrate him successfully completing his vow. On the 40th day, a newly single Nicole learns of the betting pool, makes a large bet and then rapes Matt while he is asleep. Erica subsequently believes Matt dishonored his vow and was unfaithful to her, but Matt wins Erica back by reminding her of the special moments they shared during their relationship. The two reconcile in Matt's bedroom for many hours, with his co-workers making a new betting pool on the duration of their stamina."] ["The story concerns a young documentary film-maker, Bernard Heiman, who has decided to chronicle the making of a pornographic motion picture for his next project. He selects as his subject a movie being directed by Chuck Steak , a twenty-five year veteran of the porn industry. Chuck plans to produce a $40,000 movie that is shot on motion picture film, as he regards himself as a film-maker first and pornographer second. Bernard begins shooting his documentary and is introduced to Chuck's large crew and cast. He especially becomes attracted to a young performer named Pursey Galore, who is new to the porn industry. As the film develops it becomes clear that Chuck treats his co-workers more like a family rather than colleagues, as they all deeply care about each other and view Chuck as a paternal figure. As the film develops Chuck must deal with several crises, including a group of protesters who object to pornography and a pending legal proceeding that stems from him throwing a flower pot at a man's head. All the while he remains determined to fulfill his ambition of filming the world's largest recorded orgy."] ["Allgood Butts is a young promiscuous male hairdresser whose goal in life is to sleep with as many women as possible . His guardian angel  does not approve of his philandering and confronts him while he has sex with his 390th woman, telling him that if he sleeps with another woman, he'll die. Allgood's struggle with his temptation becomes even more difficult when two attractive women enter his life."] ["The film takes place in Sweden around the turn of the twentieth century. Fredrik Egerman is a middle-aged lawyer married to a 19-year-old beauty, Anne. Their two-year marriage is still unconsummated, due to Anne's reticence. Fredrik has a son, Henrik, from his marriage to his late first wife. Henrik is in his early twenties and is studying to be a minister but is currently tormented by his love for his step-mother, who secretly loves him in return. Henrik is distracting himself from his urges by attempting an inconclusive affair with Fredrik's lusty young servant, Petra. Between his two marriages, Fredrik had an affair with a notable stage actress, the beautiful Desiree Armfeldt, but she broke off the relationship. Desiree now has a young son named Fredrik, born shortly after her affair with Fredrik Egerman.  Desiree is now having an affair with a brutal army officer, Count Carl-Magnus Malcolm. The Count's wife, Charlotte, is an old friend of Anne Egerman. Fredrik goes to see Desiree one night to pour out his marital troubles to her and ask for her help. Having fallen into a puddle outside Desiree's house, Fredrik ends up at Desiree's house wearing the Count's nightshirt. The violently jealous Count turns up and threatens Fredrik to leaves. After Fredrik goes, the Count treats Desiree violently, leading her to want to end her affair with the Count. The Count then tells his wife Charlotte about the encounter and orders her to tell Anne Egerman about Fredrik's supposed infidelity . Charlotte ends up confessing to Anne that she loves the Count despite everything and would do anything to be loved in return. To solve these woes, Desiree has her mother invite all the characters to her country house for a summer party. Over the course of one night, all conflicts are resolved. Henrik and Anne, upon unexpectedly finding themselves alone together in a bed, consummate their relationship and elope with the assistance of Petra and her new lover, Frid.  Charlotte then joins Fredrik in the garden pavilion.Learning his wife is with Fredrik, the Count bursts in and challenges Fredrik to a game of Russian roulette. Fredrik lose but the Count had loaded a chamber of the revolver with soot so neither party were ever in danger. The Count reunites with his wife, his feelings for her renewed by his jealousy. Desiree comforts Fredrik, appearing as if they will renew their relationship. The dilemmas of the four pairs of lovers appear to be happily resolved in the course of a night said by Frid to have smiled three smiles upon them all."] ['Sex, love, lies, bed-hopping and mistaken identities abound in this pop musical-comedy set in Madrid. The gorgeous Paula breaks up with her boyfriend Pedro in order to continue her affair with Javier. The immature Javier however, is unwilling to break up with his current girlfriend Sonia, or confess to their affair to Pedro, who happens to be his best friend.'] ["Party-animal Rick Gassko , who makes his living as a school bus driver, decides to finally settle down and marry his girlfriend Debbie Thompson . After gathering his buddies to give them the news, his shocked friends  decide to throw him the bachelor party to end all bachelor parties. The bride's parents are not at all happy with her decision and her father decides to enlist the help of Debbie's ex-boyfriend Cole Whittier ([[Robert Prescott  to break them up and win her back. While Debbie worries and goes off to her bridal shower thrown by her friends, Rick heads off to the bachelor party and promises to remain faithful. Both parties start off on the wrong foot thanks to a little sabotage by Cole. As the bachelor party starts to heats up, however, Debbie and the girls decide to get even with Rick and his friends by having a party of their own. Both parties eventually collide leading to Debbie accusing Rick of infidelity. Both parties end up becoming one big drunken orgy and the bachelors' hotel room ends up getting trashed much to the chagrin of the hotel's ever-frustrated manager . Adding to the confusion is Rick's friend, Brad who has become despondent over his wife breaking up with him. At various points during the movie, he riotously{{fact}} chase through a 36-screen movie theater. Rick eventually wins out and after marrying Debbie, they are driven to the airport for their honeymoon in Rick's school bus by Brad."] [" The film revolves around Erin Grant , a former FBI secretary, who loses custody of her young daughter Angela to her ex-husband Darrell . In order to afford an appeal, Erin becomes a stripper at the Eager Beaver, a Miami strip club. A Congressman named David Dilbeck  visits the club and immediately begins to adore Grant. Aware of Dilbeck's embarrassing indulgences, another Eager Beaver patron approaches Erin with a plan to manipulate the Congressman to settle the custody dispute in Erin's favor. However, Dilbeck has powerful business connections who want to ensure he remains in office. Consequently, those who can embarrass him in an election are murdered. Meanwhile, Erin retrieves her daughter from her negligent husband. Dilbeck's personal interest in Erin persists, and she is invited to perform privately for him. He asks her to become his lover and later his wife, despite his staff's concerns that she knows too much. A debate occurs as to whether to kill Erin or simply keep her quiet by threatening to take away her daughter . However, Erin and a police officer  begin to suspect the Congressman's guilt in the murders, and Erin concocts a plan to bring the Congressman to justice. She tricks him into confessing on tape, and he is soon after arrested. Thus, Erin regains full custody of Angela, and Darrell returns to prison."] ['After taking over a failing Miami hotel with her workaholic fiance, Elliot , Tracy  thinks model Monique Gabrielle has seduced her better half. She then tries to have an affair of her own, and arranges for hookers to become bellhops. Meanwhile her father hires an arsonist to blow up the hotel.'] ['In the beginning of the movie a new generation of nerds rule the Adams College campus, upholding the traditions of nerds from the first film. The Alpha Betas are now respectful of the nerds\' prominence and even wish they could get more nerds to join their frat. However, this changes when Orrin Price , becomes a member of the Adams College Board of Regents and a new generation of jocks come to campus, including Orrin\'s obnoxious son and a brain-dead jock named Bobo. Stan Gable is now a pathetic motorcycle police officer whom Orrin Price implausibly installs as the new Dean of Students. Gable and Price rally the ABs to cause trouble for the nerds, whose group now includes an obese English inductee  and a Korean Elvis impersonator . Early anti-nerd actions include the vandalizing of the Computer Science Center and a raid that ruins the Tri-Lamb new membership party. Lewis, who lives near the Adams College campus and chairs Adams\' Computer Science Department, shows that he is distancing himself from his nerd past by growing a ponytail and asking people to call him "Lou" rather than Lewis. His nephew Harold, who is now a student at Adams, is surprised at Lewis\' behavior, saying in his college day he was the "George Washington of nerds". Betty, who is now married to Lewis and is also a professor at Adams College , tries to remind him she fell in love with him because he had the courage to be himself, but Lewis is more interested in becoming friends with new Dean Gable . When Stan and the Alpha Betas launch a reign of terror against the nerds, Lewis is forced to examine his "self-hating nerd" status, while Stan faces his own stirrings of conscience over the vile actions of Orrin Price and has to decide what he will and will not stand for. The film reaches its climax when Lewis, finally unable to ignore Orrin Price\'s reign of terror over Adams College, decides to take action. Orrin Price has framed the Tri-Lambs by planting marijuana in their house. Lewis reaches out to Stan to help defend the Tri-Lams, but Stan says he will not help. Lewis angrily tells Stan that he was forgiving of their rocky past and defended Stan as a friend when others were telling Lewis he should ditch Stan. Stan then says that he is not friends with Lewis, and that Lewis will be a nerd for life so matter what his behavior. This betrayal spurs Lewis to once again embrace his nerd self. Lewis arranges for bail for the arrested Tri-Lams, putting his house up as collateral. He then calls upon all the nerds and those sympathetic to their cause on campus and in the city to participate in a massive nerd strike, meaning to take it easy and stop working. Many of the city\'s basic utilities and services are crippled. In order to end the strike, Price decides to frame Lewis for embezzling college funds, a tactic Stan is uncomfortable with. Lewis is arrested and the strikers return to work. Betty confronts Stan to tell the truth and get Lewis released. Stan suggests he would do it if she were to offer herself, when Betty asks if that is what he really wants, Stan looks deeply ashamed as he says he does not want that—he still has a little bit of pride left. At trial, things do not look good for Lewis until most of his old Tri-Lamb friends return to support him. Stan, realizing that his miserable life stems from his refusal to admit his own mistakes , has a change of heart and testifies against Price, admitting that he has proof that Orrin Price planted the marijuana plants in the Tri-Lam house. Stan also states that he is a nerd; that he always wanted to read books but his family discouraged it. Price is arrested and the charges against Lewis are dismissed. Stan feels it ought to be best to resign as dean of student because he feels he cannot cut it, but Lewis argues he should stay on. The nerds accept Stan as one of their own, guaranteeing nerd freedom in Adams College.'] ['The film is set in France. Notorious womanizer Michael James  wants to be faithful to his fiancée Carole Werner , but every woman he meets seems to fall in love with him, including a neurotic American  and a parachutist  who accidentally lands in his car (1936-37 Singer 9 [[:File:\'36 Singer LeMans ."O\'Toole and the blue Singer.""The Nine Le Mans and Special Speed" His psychoanalyst, Dr Fassbender , cannot help either, since he\'s stalking one of his patients  who in turn longs for Michael. A catastrophe appears on the horizon when all the characters check into a quaint hideaway hotel in the French countryside for the weekend, unaware of each other\'s presence.'] ['The Magnificent Cuckold is about a hat tycoon who is ecstatically, if not hungrily, in love with his youthful wife. It is all blissful, that is, until our man, middle-aged and somewhat of a square among his blasé, upper-class friends to whom cuckoldry is a common practice, is seduced by one of them. At this point doubts and suspicions, like conscience, begin to plague him. If he could succumb to extramarital confections, why not his gorgeous mate? Quickly his love for his spouse degenerates beyond obsessive, into the realm of maniacal. He becomes madly concerned that his wife is cheating on him --even though she is not being unfaithful. When he looks at her it becomes obvious to him that she is a very attractive woman. And, all the men around her must be dying to be with her. Gnawed by jealously, he will imagine variations on nabbing her and her lover in flagrante delicto.'] ['After 29 years of marriage, Alberto  and his socialite frau, Natalie , have little to say to each other. While on summer vacation at their ranch, Alberto suddenly notices a fluffy white sheep and has his overseer, Miranda , put it in the barn. That night, overcome with lust, he gives in to an urgent desire to visit "Fanny." Natalie begins to notice a funny smell on Alberto\'s clothes and accidentally witnesses his showdown with the overseer, who has also noticed the sheep\'s attractiveness. But unlike the lustful Miranda, Alberto is deeply in love with Fanny. In a delicate scene full of ambiguous nuances, he tries to teach her to pronounce his name, recognizing what he wants to hear in her inarticulate bleating. He becomes mortally jealous of a black ram and finally stages a marriage ceremony on the lawn to cement his love. Alberto ruthlessly eliminates all those who refuse to understand his feelings, and story slips into blood-soaked horror mode.'] ['On his twenty-first birthday, the Prince of the land goes searching for the one woman that can get his libido moving again.'] ['In the land of Condon, the deranged Queen Victoria seals the country in behind a huge wall and establishes a "Monarchy of Terror." The intellectuals and sexually liberated are persecuted and murdered. Some of them form an underground movement, the Cult of Perv, led by the Demon Nanny who dies giving birth to Pervirella, who grows at an amazing rate into a beautiful young woman. Whenever her magic necklace is removed, Pervirella becomes a raging nymphomaniac and - hunted by every interested group in Condon - teams up with special agent Amicus Reilly.{{cite web}}'] ["A denizen  of a faraway planet occupied only by highly evolved males is ordered to find a female human, impregnate her and bring the baby back to the planet. The visitor to Earth assumes the name Harold Anderson and eventually meets Susan , a recovering alcoholic. He must marry her before he can try to mate. Greg Kinnear plays Harold's sleazy, conniving co-worker at the bank, and John Goodman co-stars as an FAA worker obsessed with finding the alien."] ['{{Plot}} After dealing to Porky the "fatal" blow that was coming to him, the gang from Angel Beach is ready for a new challenge: The High School Drama Club is producing a Shakespeare Festival in which the gang is participating. Unfortunately, a religious leader named Reverend Bubba Flavel wants to halt the production because he and his group, "The Righteous Flock," maintain that Shakespeare is indecent and profane. As part of their effort to keep their school-based Shakespeare production on track, the gang from Angel Beach seeks out the help of Seward County Commissioner Gebhardt, who initially promises the gang from Angel Beach that he will pull some strings to keep the Angel Beach High Shakespeare Festival running. However, after the county commissioners, who all will shortly be standing for re-election, vote unanimously to shut down the Shakespeare Festival, the gang quickly learns that Commissioner Gebhardt has reneged on his promises to the Angel Beach gang because he feared that allowing the Shakespeare Festival to proceed would harm his re-election chances. The local Ku Klux Klan chapter joins the movement to shut down the Shakespeare festival because its members object to a Native American  playing Romeo opposite a white girl Juliet . Reverend Flavel, who has previously exposed his bigoted nature, welcomes Klan\'s support of his movement. The Angel Beach gang then begins plotting their retaliation and revenge against Reverend Flavel, Commissioner Gebhardt, the rest of the county commissioners, and the Klan. The teens discover that the county commissioners of Seward County, who are publicly riding the political wave of decency and morality, enjoy secretly watching porno movies in the basement of the courthouse. So, the Angel Beach gang takes a tape recorder with a microphone to the basement of the courthouse while the county commissioners are watching porno movies, aim the microphone at the ventilator window, and record the politicos\' loud and crude commentary on the events in the porno films, including their irreverent mocking of Reverend Flavel. After his success in shutting down the Angel Beach High Shakespeare Festival, Reverend Flavel convenes an outdoor revival meeting at Angel Beach High to commemorate his success, and the county commissioners attend and stand on stage with Reverend Flavel. In retaliation for an attack and attempt by the Klan members to shave the head of the group\'s Seminole friend, the gang lures the Klan members  into the school gym where the gang along with a gym-full of Seminole Indians "persuade" the Klan members to submit to having their heads shaved. The Angel Beach gang and the Seminole Indians then make the Klan members strip naked and march over to Reverend Flavel\'s revival meeting where they force the hapless and humiliated Klan members into the revival meeting. The sight of naked men shocks the crowd, and in his typical opportunistic fashion, Reverend Flavel decries the naked Klan members as being "The Spawn of Satan." During Reverend Flavel\'s prognostications, the gang commandeers the public address system and plays the recording of the county commissioners\' raucous commentary on the porno movie that they watched in the basement of the courthouse only days before. A comment on the recording about Reverend Flavel having donated the porno film that the county commissioners were watching ends up being Reverend Flavel\'s undoing as he and the county commissioners stand before the crowd completely discredited, disgraced, and exposed as selfish hypocrites. Meanwhile, Wendy accepts an out-of-town dinner date in Miami with Commissioner Gebhardt, who intends to seduce her. However, rather than showing up in her normal modest clothing, Wendy shows up at the formal restaurant wearing a deliberately showy, vulgar outfit with her breasts artificially padded with a container to an enormous size. She speaks in an extremely loud voice, constantly blurting out Gebhardt\'s name and status as a county commissioner of Seward County who will shortly be standing for re-election and alleging that she and Gebhardt became involved while she was a Brownie in Gebhardt wife\'s girl scout troop and that she is now pregnant with his child. With the help of liquified corn-and-pea soup concealed in the container that padded her bust, Wendy pretends to throw up in one of the restaurant\'s decorative fountains to the horror of the maitre \'d and the disgust of the restaurant\'s upscale patrons. Pee-Wee snaps a picture of the disgraced Commissioner Gebhardt before he, Wendy and Steve depart in a blaze of glory back to the revival meeting at Angel Beach High to join the triumphant celebration of the defeat of the persons responsible for the cancellation of their Shakespeare Festival, which is promptly reinstated. The film contains a sub-plot focusing on the gym teacher who everyone loves to hate, Beulah Balbricker. Balbricker allies herself with Reverend Flavel and his efforts to shut down the Shakespeare Festival, and it is insinuated that she has romantic feelings towards Reverend Flavel. Tommy Turner is still seeking revenge against Balbricker for sentencing him to run laps and suspending him from several basketball games for poking her with an oversized condom in the previous movie. Upon observing that Balbricker goes to the bathroom and uses the same toilet at precisely the same time every day, Tommy, with the assistance of Billy and Tim, locate the pipes under the school for the particular toilet and force up a non-poisonous rat snake up the pipe. When the snake comes up from her toilet, Balbricker screams in terror, busts out the door, and waddles out of the bathroom to the gym with her pants still around her feet, still screaming in terror. Tommy arrives just in time to pick up the rat snake off the gym floor and to offer to Coach Brackett to release the snake outside. Suspecting that Tommy was responsible but having no proof, Balbricker screams his name at the top of her lungs.  Reverend Flavel and Balbricker split publicly when she objects to the Klan\'s participation in the forthcoming revival meeting. Another sub-plot in the firm focuses on Pee Wee\'s attempt to exact revenge for the Tommy and Billy\'s "Cherry Forever" practical joke in the first movie in which Pee Wee was abandoned in the Everglades running naked along a deserted road only to be "pulled over" by Officer Jarvis and his partner during an otherwise lonely and uneventful patrol. After recanting his pleas of having been a virgin the night before, which led to him losing his virginity to Wendy Williams in the back of a school bus following the destruction of Porky\'s honky tonk, and boasting of his non-existent conquests, Pee Wee\'s friends sucker him into setting them up with a member of his harem of women. Unfortunately, his efforts to locate the loosest girl in the school yield only one name: Wendy Williams, much to Pee Wee\'s consternation. After approaching a girl who had been rumored to have "gang banged" the entire football team only for her to humiliate and rebuke him publically, Brian and Wendy come to Pee Wee\'s aid and help him hire a stripper from the local carnival to play the part of "Graveyard Gloria." According to the plan, Pee Wee and the stripper are to lure the guys to a graveyard with the promise of a "gang bang" where Steve, who is made up to look like a zombie, will crawl out of the ground and scare the guys. Unfortunately for Pee Wee, the guys followed him to the carnival where they not only learned about Pee Wee\'s plan, they also paid the stripper to double-cross Pee Wee and feign death in the graveyard while trying to seduce him. Steve, who is extremely drunk, tries to crawl out of his hole before his cue, which leads the guys to castigate Pee Wee for trying to pull a practical joke on them after a woman has died. The guys and the stripper pile into Pee Wee\'s car and start to drive off while leaving the naked Pee Wee in the graveyard. Two armed men appear in the woods and accuse Pee Wee of being a grave robber . One of the armed men blasts his shotgun towards Pee Wee, which scares him into running naked down the same road as he did after the "Cherry Forever" gag where he is spotted again by Officer Jarvis and his partner. Instead of picking up Pee Wee, the two officers are cornered by the extremely intoxicated Steve who tries in vain to scare them before he passing out on the hood of their squad car.'] ['It is February 1929 in the city of Chicago. Two friends who are struggling jazz musicians, Joe , a saxophone player, irresponsible gambler and ladies\' man, and Jerry , a sensible double-bass player, accidentally witness the Saint Valentine\'s Day massacre. When the gangsters, led by "Spats" Colombo , spot them, the two have to run for their lives. Penniless, freezing cold, and in a rush to get out of town, the two musicians take a job in a women\'s band headed to Miami. Disguised as women and calling themselves "Josephine" and "Daphne", they board a train with "Sweet Sue and her Society Syncopators", an "all-girl" band and their male manager, Beanstock. Before they board the train, Joe and Jerry have already noticed Sugar Kane , the band\'s vocalist and ukulele player, marveling over how she walks "like jello on springs," as they struggle along in their high heels not at all sure they will be able to "pass" as women. As they board the train however, "Daphne" experiences the kind of sexual harassment common to women when Beanstock feels "her" up. Both Joe and Jerry become enamored of Sugar, and compete for her affection while maintaining their disguises. Sugar confides that she has sworn off of male saxophone players, who have stolen her heart in the past and left her with "the fuzzy end of the lollipop." She has now set her sights on finding a sweet, bespectacled millionaire in Florida. During the forbidden drinking and partying on the train with all the women in the band, "Josephine" and "Daphne" become intimate friends with Sugar, and continually have to struggle to remember that they are "girls" and cannot make a pass at her. Once in Miami, Joe woos Sugar by assuming a second disguise as a millionaire named "Junior", the heir to Shell Oil, while mimicking Cary Grant\'s voice and feigning disinterest in Sugar. An actual millionaire, an aging mama\'s boy, the much-married Osgood Fielding III ([[Joe E. Brown , tries repeatedly to pick up "Daphne", who repeatedly rebuffs him. One night Osgood invites "Daphne" for a champagne supper on his yacht. Joe convinces "Daphne" to keep Osgood occupied onshore, so that "Junior" can take Sugar to Osgood\'s yacht, passing it off as his. Once on the yacht, "Junior" uses metaphors to explain to Sugar that unfortunately, due to psychological trauma, he is impotent and frigid, but that he would certainly marry anyone who could change that. Sugar tries desperately to arouse some sexual response in "Junior", and begins to succeed. Meanwhile, Jerry and Osgood dance the tango till dawn. When Joe and Jerry get back to the hotel, "Daphne" happily explains that Osgood has proposed and that "she" has accepted. Joe finally convinces Jerry that he can\'t actually marry Osgood. Joe then breaks Sugar\'s heart by telling her that he, "Junior", has to marry a woman of his father\'s choosing and move to Venezuela. Many mobsters arrive at the hotel for a conference honoring the "Friends of Italian Opera". Spats and his gang from Chicago eventually recognize Joe and Jerry as the witnesses to the Valentine\'s Day murders. After several humorous but potentially lethal chases, Joe and Jerry end up witnessing additional mob killings, this time of Spats and his crew. Once again Joe and Jerry have to run for their lives. Joe, dressed as "Josephine", sees Sugar onstage singing sadly that she will never love again. He kisses her before he leaves, and Sugar suddenly understands that Joe is both "Josephine" and "Junior". Sugar runs from the stage at the end of her performance and is able to jump into the launch from Osgood\'s yacht just as it is leaving the dock with Joe, Jerry and Osgood in it. Joe tells Sugar that he is not good enough for her, that she would be getting the "fuzzy end of the lollipop" yet again, but Sugar wants him anyway. Jerry, for his part, tries to explain to Osgood that "Daphne" cannot marry him, offering a series of objections: "Daphne" smokes a lot; "Daphne" can\'t get married in Osgood\'s mother\'s dress ; "Daphne" sadly "can never have children." Osgood dismisses all this information as insignificant; he loves "Daphne" and is determined to marry her. Finally, exasperated, Jerry removes his wig and says in his male voice, "I\'m a man!", but a smiling Osgood overrides this final barrier using the film\'s memorable last line, "Well... nobody\'s perfect!"'] ["On a campsite at the Belgian coast - where everybody wants to live in complete freedom and forget the obligations of everyday life - Jan Bucquoy, the delegate of the Ministry of Culture, must bring culture nearer to the working class. He presents things like Bertolt Brecht's play, Mother Courage and Her Children or an interview with the famous writer Pierre Mertens, but the vacationers at this caravan park are more interested in low-brow distractions, like soccer, boxing matches or beauty contests, as well as sexual adventures and temporary romances."] ["Sachiko Hanai  works as a call girl or soap girl specializing in sexual roleplay, or cosplay. In her work, Sachiko portrays a home-tutor, hence the film's original title, Horny Home Tutor: Teacher’s Love Juice. While at a café after one job, she witnesses an altercation between two men, one a North Korean and the other from the Middle East, who turn out to be spies in the middle of a transaction. When the argument escalates to gun-play, Sachiko foolishly starts to take a cell-phone picture of the incident and is shot in the forehead. Rather than killing her, the bullet lodges in her brain and gives her extraordinary mental powers, including the ability to understand languages of which she previously had no knowledge, arcane philosophical insight, advanced mathematical knowledge, and ESP. After fleeing from the scene, she finds a metal cylinder in her pocket which contains a cloned copy of the finger of United States President George W. Bush. While waiting in Sachiko's house to reclaim the finger, the North Korean falls in love with her. Sachiko befriends and makes love to a philosophy professor and the professor hires her as his son's tutor. The professor's wife becomes suspicious and goes to a detective, who happens to be the man who shot Sachiko. Because Bush's fingerprint is capable of unleashing a nuclear holocaust, the North Korean wants the cylinder back. In the end he takes Sachiko and she uses her powers to direct them to a cave where they find a machine that can decide the fate of the world.Synopsis based on Official American website and {{cite web}} Palm Pictures has the American distribution rights and has promoted the film with their own trailers while Argo Pictures retains the original rights for Japan"] ["Four teenagers from late 1950s Los Angeles are on their way to Tijuana, Mexico: Dave, Woody, Spider, and Dave's brother Wendell. Dave, Spider, and Woody are there to lose their virginity, while Wendell came along with them to buy fireworks. They end up picking up a woman named Kathy, who goes with them because she wants a fast divorce from her husband, and they get into a series of misadventures south of the border."] ["The people of Harford Road are firmly divided into two camps; neuters, the puritanical residents who despise anything even remotely carnal, and the perverts, a group of sex addicts whose unique fetishes have all been brought to the fore by accidental concussions. Repressed Sylvia Stickles  finds herself firmly entrenched in the former camp until one day when, after leaving her promiscuous daughter Caprice  - nicknamed Ursula Udders because of her gargantuan breasts and penchant for indecent exposure - under house arrest 'for her own good', she is smacked on the head by a passing car and meets Ray-Ray Perkins , a local mechanic and self-styled 'sex saint' who opens her mind to a whole new world of sensual pleasure, as he and his followers search for the ultimate sex act. Eventually, through a series of bizarre head knockings, everyone in town becomes a sex addict, as Ray-Ray shoots semen out of his head, onto the camera."] ['Various events involve a dating agency run by Sid Bliss  and his longtime girlfriend Sophie Plummett . Their "Wedded Bliss" agency purports to bring together lonely hearts using computer-matching technology, but couples are actually paired up at random by Sophie. Bliss consistently avoids marrying Sophie, enthusiastically pursuing Esme Crowfoot, a seamstress and client who consistently rejects his advances. Percival Snooper  becomes a client to find a wife for business reasons: as a confirmed bachelor, he\'s inept at his job as a marriage counselor due to lack of personal experience. James Bedsop ([[Charles Hawtrey  is a private detective Sophie hires to spy on Sid\'s after-hours activities when he supposedly "vets" the female clients, including Esme. Timid Bertrum Muffet  winds up with model Sally Martin  after the agency muddles his directions to a blind date. Client Terry Philpotts  suffers several failures in his dealings with the agency including a disastrous meeting with prim, sheltered Jenny Grubb . Jenny moves in with Sally, undergoes a makeover, and becomes a model. Terry later finds romance with the "new" Jenny. Percival\'s association with Sophie provokes his jealous housekeeper, dowdy Miss Dempsey , to reveal her seductive side. Esme\'s estranged lover, volatile wrestler Gripper Burke , returns to cause havoc in a mistaken-identity case. Peter Butterworth appears in a 1-minute cameo as a Bluebeard-esque character jokingly referred to as Dr. Crippen. He approaches Sid Bliss in order to find his third wife. His first wife died eating poisoned mushrooms, the second suffered a fractured skull because "she wouldn\'t eat the mushrooms."'] ["Emmannuelle Prevert  relieves the boredom of a flight on Concorde by seducing timid Theodore Valentine . She returns home to London to surprise her husband, the French Ambassador, Emile Prevert  but first surprises the butler, Lyons ([[Jack Douglas . He removes her coat only to find she has left her dress on the 'plane! The chauffeur, Leyland , housekeeper, Mrs Dangle  and aged boot-boy, Richmond  sense saucy times ahead ... and they are right! Emile is dedicated to his bodybuilding, leaving a sexually frustrated Emmannuelle to find pleasure with everyone from the Lord Chief Justice  to chat show host, Harold Hump . Theodore is spurned by Emmannuelle, who has genuinely forgotten their airborne encounter and despite reassurances from his mother , Theodore exacts revenge by revealing Emmannuelle's antics to the Press. However, after a visit to her doctor , she discovers she is pregnant and decides to settle down to a faithful marriage with Emile ... and dozens of children."] ['The seaside town of Fircombe is facing a crisis - it\'s always raining and there\'s nothing for the tourists to do. So Councillor Sidney Fiddler  hits on the notion of holding a beauty contest. The Mayor, Frederick Bumble  is taken with the idea but feminist Councillor, Augusta Prodworthy  is outraged. She storms out of the meeting in disgust. The motion is carried in Augusta\'s absence and Sidney contacts publicist Peter Potter  to help with the organisation. Sidney\'s girlfriend, Connie Philpotts  runs a local hotel and soon her residents, including the eccentric Mrs Dukes  and the Admiral  are outnumbered by dolly birds, including the feuding biker babe, Hope Springs  and the bountiful Dawn Brakes . A fight orchestrated by Hope provides better newspaper copy than bringing a donkey off the beach which, despite the bucket and spade of hotel employee William ([[Jack Douglas , ruins the plush carpets! Press photographer Larry  happily snaps the Mayor losing his trousers at a most awkward moment and nervously gulps his way through a nude session with Dawn. Eventually, the Mayor\'s wife, Mildred  joins Prodworthy\'s bra-burning movement and plots the downfall of the Miss Fircombe contest on the pier. Peter Potter reluctantly becomes a man in a frock for another publicity gimmick for the television show, Women\'s Things, presented by Cecil Gaybody  and produced by Debra . Prodworthy and butch feminist Rosemary  call in the police ([[David Lodge  but Peter\'s girlfriend, Paula  steps into the breach as the mysterious girl. Finally Prodworthy\'s gang put "Operation Spoilsport" into action, sabotaging the final contest with water, mud and itching powder. With an angry mob after his blood, Sidney makes his escape with Hope on her motorcycle.'] ["Lee Holloway , the socially awkward and emotionally sensitive youngest daughter of a dysfunctional family, adjusts to normal life after having been hospitalized following an incident of dangerous self-harm. She learns to type, starts to date an acquaintance from high school named Peter, and begins to work as a secretary for an eccentric attorney, E. Edward Grey , who hires her despite her stilted social skills and unprofessional appearance. Though at first Grey appears highly irritated by Lee's typos and other innocuous mistakes, it soon becomes apparent that he is sexually aroused by her submissive behavior. After he confronts her about her propensity for self-injury and commands that she never hurt herself again, the two embark on a BDSM relationship. Lee experiences a sexual and personal awakening, and she falls deeply in love. Edward, however, displays insecurity concerning his feelings for Lee, and he shows shame and disgust over his sexual habits. After a sexual encounter in his office, he fires Lee. During this period of exploration with Edward, Lee has also been attempting to have a normal boyfriend in Peter , even engaging in lukewarm sex with him. After Lee is fired from her job, Peter proposes to Lee, who reluctantly agrees to marry him. However, while trying on her wedding gown she leaves and runs to Edward's office where she declares her love for him. Edward, still uncertain about their relationship, tests Lee by commanding her to sit in his chair without moving her hands or feet until he returns. Lee eagerly complies. Days pass, as Peter, family members, and acquaintances individually visit Lee to alternately attempt to dissuade or encourage her. After three days, Edward returns to the office and takes Lee to his apartment where he bathes and nurtures her. The pair marry and happily continue their dominant-submissive relationship."] ['The storyline is reminiscent of the original Flash Gordon films, but with a generally campy flavor to it. The character names are innuendos, based on original characters from the serial, the hero Flesh Gordon ; his love interest Dale Ardor ; the evil Emperor Wang the Perverted ; Dr. Flexi Jerkoff ; Amora, Queen of Magic ; and a gay Robin Hood-like character called Prince Precious . Emperor Wang aims a "Sex Ray" at the Earth from his home world of Porno [Mongo]. The entire planet becomes hopelessly sexually obsessed and it is up to Gordon to stop the rays. The film uses nudity whenever possible, and the scenes are shot in a style nearly identical to the original Flash Gordon serials. As an example, their rocket lands on the planet Porno. A sauropod dinosaur with a glans-like head is observed. Flesh asks Dr. "J", "What\'s that"? "Must be some kind of penisaurus", Dr. "J" replies. A towering, demonic-looking creature, the Great God Porno , brought out of hibernation by Emperor Wang makes an appearance, muttering obscenities in a very velvety voice. The monster\'s fate is a major plot point.'] ['A shy, gentle man named Clifford Skridlow  is a professor of comparative literature at the financially strapped  Monroe College in Chicago. A chance encounter with four beautiful high class prostitutes at a restaurant changes his life forever. Smooth Walker , their pimp, is in danger due to his enormous debt to the gruff "Mom" , a Chicago mob boss. Smooth invents a fictitious business partner, the flamboyant "Doctor Detroit", in an attempt to save himself from Mom\'s wrath. Through a series of comical misunderstandings, Cliff is conned into becoming Smooth Walker\'s patsy. He transforms himself into Doctor Detroit, embarking on a dangerous mission to protect the girls from Mom. He also must keep this secret from his strait-laced parents while simultaneously attempting to secure a large endowment for the struggling university. Cliff becomes a hero to the four women, but puts his life at grave risk.'] ["Olivier  is a small-time crook. He and a friend happen to meet a woman, Ariane  whose plumbing needs to be fixed. They fix the pipes and learn that the landlord downstairs is away. They take the opportunity to burgle him. However they discover that in fact downstairs Ariane has a torture chamber—she is a professional dominatrix. At Ariane's request, Olivier assists her with her work and slowly becomes obsessed with her, but struggles with her sado-masochistic activities. Olivier tries to understand and take control of Ariane, whom he believes frightened in her job; however, as their love blossoms, their natural roles of dominant and submissive cannot be overcome."] ['Henry Harding MP, a British government minister on a moral crusade, hires an inexperienced young computer whizzkid, Peter Emery who works for a Christian computer company called Holy Hardware, to infiltrate the United Kingdom BDSM scene. Harding is set on putting a club called "House of Thwax" run by Mistress Tanya Cheex out of business, and is sure that Peter\'s secretly videotaped evidence of the club\'s activities will do the trick. However, the virginal Peter takes a liking to Tanya Cheex and finds himself falling for the Mistress. Amongst the locations used Layer Marney Tower in Essex plays a pivotal role for a party scene.'] ['Kyle  breaks up with Marc , his love interest from the first movie, accusing him of flirting with hotter men. Kyle, Tiffani  and Gwen, friends from the first movie, all become attracted to Troy , a chiseled farm boy from Troy, Illinois, who poses nude for their art class. Troy befriends and confides in them that he has slept with both girls and men, but is reluctant to embrace any gay feelings. Kyle and the girls devise a scheme in which Kyle pretends to be an ex-gay who is dating Tiffani, to overcome Troy\'s inhibitions and get him to sleep with the both of them. While Kyle and Troy start attending meetings with the campus ex-gay ministry, Marc notices Kyle becoming close with Troy and decides to try to seduce Troy himself. Troy eventually succumbs to Marc\'s advances during Gwen\'s homoerotic photo shoot, and the two fool around, but Marc cannot go through with it because he still has feelings for Kyle. Troy then overhears Gwen and Marc talking about the entire scheme. Wanting to get back at the schemers, Troy visits Tiffani and Kyle because supposedly they have an "arrangement" that lets Kyle sleep with men. They attempt a threesome, but Troy gets his revenge by goading them into performing an uncomfortable act of cunnilingus first. Gwen and Marc storm into Kyle\'s house after witnessing the debacle, and Troy scolds the group for being so sex-crazy. Troy ultimately concludes that he is bisexual  and Kyle admits he was wrong to leave Marc. The five then start scheming to out Jacob , the closeted leader of the ex-gay ministry, to his mother by tricking him to have sex with Octavio, another member of the ministry, in a portable toilet on wheels. Jacob finally comes out to his mother , and flees with Octavio. Troy takes a liking to Tiffani and they start a relationship. In the end, Marc and Kyle get back together after confessing their feelings to each other and start kissing. Gwen starts to date a girl experimentally.'] ["Josh and Cin meet at a party in Sydney three days before he is due to return to London. Originally planning just to spend the night, Josh decides to stay at her flat until he has to leave for the airport. The two gradually grow closer, feeling a strong connection. However, when Cin's friend Sam comes over and flirts with Josh, they end up quarreling and he leaves. Once Josh cools down he relents and returns to Cin. Having both agreed that they were just having fun, he leaves to catch his plane the next day. At the last minute, he decides not to go and returns to Cin's flat only to find that she has followed him to London, not knowing he missed the flight. Josh can not find a flight for three days, but once he reaches London they are reunited and Cin decides to move there to be with him."] ['After a long humbling year temping as a traffic cop on a studio lot, Jody is faced with the hard decision of taking the only well-paying industry job she has yet been offered — editing porn at Grind Productions, a profitable adult film company run by former porn star Irene Fox . At first horrified by the prospect of exposing herself to the cockroaches of the film industry, not to mention the effect it would have on her strict Jewish parents, Jody has a remarkable change of heart when she realizes that Grind has all the facilities she needs to make her own low budget movie — on the sly of course — but things get complicated when Jody meets Jeff Drake , the charming Herr Director of adult films. Jeff, also an award-winning filmmaker, once had his own dreams of making "real" films, but now is a hard-worn cynic who masks his disappointment behind a façade of irony. In Jody, he sees the idealism he once had, while Jody starts to face her own sexual hang-ups as she begins to get aroused by the porn she so harshly judges. Jody and Jeff get close to each other, but she gets hurt when she sees him making out with one of his actresses, Sindi, who was actually taking advantage of Jeff in his drunken state. The movie made by Jody is well received by critics, and Jeff is also nominated for an AVN Award for his movie. Jody wants to set things right with him; she accepts help from Bliss, the lead actress in both Jody\'s and Jeff\'s movies, but with different identities, and pretends to be her to gain entry at an award function. On stage, when Jeff receives his award, he announces his retirement from the Adult Industry to move on. Jeff calls Bliss for special thanks. He realizes that Jody is in disguise as Bliss, and they kiss.Synopsis findingbliss.com. accessed September 8, 2011.'] ["{{Plot}} The movie opens with scenes of an aerobics class juxtaposed with a classroom of students taking an examination. The movie's two protagonists are featured in these scenes, with Terry Green  participating in the aerobics and Bobby Chrystal  taking, not very well it turns out, his last high school final, in French. At first, Bobby's main goal for the summer before college appears to be losing his virginity, if not with his unrequited high school crush, Bonnie  who dates a college student, then with any takers. Soon, though, the poor results of the French final are in, and Bobby must take a make-up examination and score at least 85% in order to retain his acceptance at his father's alma mater, Yale University. Mr. Chrystal ([[Kevin McCarthy  hires Terry, a skilled French tutor, to live in the Chrystal home during the summer and work with Bobby on passing his exam. In addition to her normal compensation, Mr. Chrystal offers to give Terry a bonus payment of $10,000 should Bobby pass. Terry and Bobby begin working together but Bobby's lack of interest in both French and Yale soon become apparent. His real goal, he tells Terry, is to attend UCLA and study his true passion, astronomy. Terry is sympathetic but reminds Bobby that wherever he ends up going to college, he will need to pass his French final. With Terry's help, Bobby begins to make some progress. At night, after she thinks everyone in the Chrystal home is asleep, Terry uses the family's pool to skinny dip. However, Bobby sees her one night and begins watching her regularly . After one such evening, Bobby follows Terry back to her room, only to have her sneak up behind him and surprise him. Terry gently admonishes Bobby for spying on her but it is clear that they have a mutual attraction. Terry, however, has begun seeing a former boyfriend again, much to Bobby's displeasure. After yet another evening out with his friends, Bobby returns home to find an upset Terry, who had earlier discovered her boyfriend again cheating on her. They talk briefly and Terry later heads to the pool for her regular swim. Once she completes her lap she sees Bobby waiting for her at the end of the pool. Terry reacts by pulling Bobby into the pool with her and kissing him. Returning to Terry's room together, the two begin a love affair. The affair between Bobby and Terry progresses until the summer's end approaches and he has to take his French examination. Despite Terry's attempts to keep their relationship casual, Bobby has developed serious feelings for Terry and resists her insistence that the affair end once he takes his exam. Matters worsen when Mr. Chrystal, who himself lusts for Terry, sees his son and Terry kissing one night. After Bobby successfully passes the test with a score of 91%, Mr. Chrystal reveals to Bobby his promise to pay Terry the $10,000 bonus, implying that Terry's affection for Bobby was driven by greed. Bobby reacts by angrily telling his father that he will be attending UCLA, and not Yale, and storming out to find Terry. Once he finds her, he confronts her with what he has learned, calling her a hooker, leading Terry to slap him and deny his accusation. Afterward, Bobby seeks out Bonnie, his old crush, and, using his new-found confidence with women, is able to persuade her to begin dating him. Terry prepares to leave the Chrystal home and Bobby approaches her to say good-bye. He begins by apologizing to her for his rash accusations and then telling her that he will forget her. Terry tells him matter-of-factly that he will never forget her. The two share one last kiss, and Terry drives off. Bobby leaps into the air, looking forward to the rest of his life."] ["Victor Mancini  is a sex addict who works as a reenactor of life in Colonial America. He works with his best friend, Denny , who is also a reformed sex addict. To support his hospitalized mother , Victor cons others by intentionally choking at restaurants to get money from his rescuers. When he visits his mother one day, he meets Paige Marshall , who takes care of her. She tells Victor that his mother's condition is worsening and that they could try an experimental stem cell technique that would require harvesting cells from the umbilical cord of a newborn baby with Victor's genes. She convinces Victor to have sex with her so she can have his child and save his mother. Victor never knew his father and is anxious to obtain the information from his mother, but she never recognizes him when he visits. He asks Denny to pose as him and ask her questions. Denny agrees and reveals that Victor's mother kept a diary. Victor finds it, but it is in Italian. Paige tells Victor she can read Italian and agrees to translate the diary. Victor and Paige try several times to have sex, but Victor cannot maintain an erection. After discussing it with Denny, he realizes he loves Paige. She then reveals to him that his mother may have fled Italy because she stole Jesus' foreskin, and used its cells to conceive Victor, making him the Second Coming. He is reluctant to believe but, in the end, accepts Paige's assertion. However, his mother finally recognizes him and tells him that she stole him as a baby and she has no idea who his real parents are. As she tells him this, he feeds her chocolate pudding and accidentally chokes her to death. While Paige tries to resuscitate Victor's mother, a hidden band around her wrist falls into Victor's view, revealing that she is actually a patient in the hospital--not a doctor. Paige then reveals that she was admitted to the hospital years ago, in a catatonic state, and fell in love with Victor through the stories his mother told her about him. As she was a former medical student, the nurses allowed her to wear a white coat, as it calmed her down. Paige, a voluntary patient, checks herself out without saying goodbye to Victor. After his mother's funeral, Victor boards a plane. He goes to the bathroom and the door opens to reveal Paige joining him."] ['Set in both Sicily and mainland Italy, the film follows the adventures of a man nicknamed Mimi, who is asked to rig a local election. Instead, he votes for a Communist representative. To get away from the Mafia, he leaves his wife and falls for and lives with a female political activist. Soon, other situations happen that leave Mimi questioning the life he has and what he will do next. The screenplay was adapted, very loosely, for the 1977 film Which Way Is Up? starring Richard Pryor.'] ['Shampoo is set during a 24-hour period in 1968, on the eve of a presidential election that would result in Richard Nixon\'s election to the American presidency. George Roundy  is a successful Beverly Hills hairdresser, whose occupation and charisma have provided him the perfect platform from which to meet, and bed, beautiful women, including his current girlfriend Jill . Despite this, George is dissatisfied with his professional life; he is clearly the creative star of the salon, but is forced to play second fiddle to the "nickel-and-diming," mediocre hairdresser who owns the place. He dreams of setting up his own salon business, but lacking the cash to do so, turns to wealthy lover Felicia  and her unsuspecting husband Lester  to bankroll him. George\'s meeting with Lester supplies a second secret for him to keep from his would-be benefactor: Lester\'s current mistress, Jackie , is George\'s former girlfriend, perhaps the most serious relationship he has ever had. Lester, who assumes George is gay, invites him to escort Jackie to a Republican Party election night soiree, at which George finds himself in the same room as a number of present and former sexual partners. The principals adjourn to a posh counterculture party, and the night quickly descends into drugs, alcohol and sexual indulgence. In the film\'s dramatic climax, Lester and Jill happen upon George and Jackie having vigorous sex on a kitchen floor. Just before their identities are revealed, an impressed Lester exclaims: "Now, that\'s what I call fucking!" When Jill recognizes the writhing couple, she throws a chair at them; as George backpedals, trying to placate Jill, Jackie sees him for the cad he is, and flees. George realizes that Jackie is his true love and proposes to her. By then, however, it is too late: Jackie announces that Lester is divorcing Felicia and taking Jackie to Acapulco. With Felicia gone, Jill gone, and now Jackie gone, the film thus pairs sexual revelation with George\'s deeper moral development, but ends bleakly for the protagonist, despite his epiphany.'] ['The film begins as Marcus Graham  enters Chantress, the company that he works for as an advertisement executive. It is quickly established that he is quite the ladies\' man, as he tells his assistant to send flowers to nine different women, with cards reading "only thinking of you." When he enters his office, Nelson , one of the creative minds also in Marcus\' department, shows Marcus a re-cut he\'s done of one of the ads they\'ve been working on. Marcus tells Nelson, who\'s very creative but also very risqué and overtly sexual with his style, that he must re-edit the ad, as some of the material may be offensive to women. Nelson reluctantly agrees, then leaves. The next day, Marcus meets Lady Eloise , the head of the company which will soon be acquiring Chantress in a business merger. She suggests that Marcus may be promoted to head of the marketing department, and invites him to her home for dinner that evening. Marcus realizes she intends to have her way with him, and thinking of the promotion, goes through with it and spends the night with her. The next day at work, he meets Jacqueline Broyer , a beautiful woman who tells Marcus that Lady Eloise has had no position in the company for a number of years, but uses her image to her advantage. Marcus realizes that Jacqueline is going to be given the job he wanted, and will soon become his boss. At the party being held for the companies\' merger, Marcus tells his friends Tyler  and Gerard  he\'s thinking about resigning since he\'s not going to be promoted. While there, Jacqueline introduces him to Angela Lewis , who works in the art department, and tells him the two of them should be working together. Also, everyone in the party is introduced to Strangé , the wild fashion diva who\'s been chosen as the new face of Lady Eloise Cosmetics. While looking for Jacqueline, Marcus bumps into Angela, and when he spots Jacqueline, introduces Angela to Gerard so that he can go and catch up with her. When he attempts to woo Jacqueline, she tells him she doesn\'t date co-workers. Marcus however still believes he will be made the exception because of her flirtatious nature towards him. Some time later at the office, Jacqueline tells Marcus they should go over some of their work together, and Marcus suggests they do it at his place over dinner, to which Jacqueline agrees. Marcus also finds out that Angela and Gerard will be going out that night. Both couples meet that evening, and ironically, Gerard, who\'s not as successful with women as Marcus, ends up having the better evening with Angela, while Jacqueline and Marcus eat dinner in front of the TV, which doesn\'t leave much time for the two to establish any sort of chemistry. Later, the two are sent on a business trip in New Orleans, and they eventually have sex while there. Marcus, who assumes that he and Jacqueline are now a couple, is rather shocked to find that Jacqueline feels they should take it slowly, and isn\'t as enthusiastic about their relationship as he is. While he feels he\'s falling in love, he doesn\'t understand how she can be so careless and inconsiderate about his feelings. After Marcus finds out that Jacqueline has told some of their personal business to Strangé, he tells her that the two of them should take a break for a while. Jacqueline gets the last word however, when she bluntly tells Marcus "it\'s over." Distraught about their breakup, Marcus\' work ethic begins to lag, and after he ruins a major business proposal , Jacqueline decides rather than fire him, she\'ll give him a few weeks off work to get himself together. During this time, Marcus begins to hang out with Angela, who tries to help bring him out of the funk he\'s in. On Thanksgiving, Marcus, Angela, Tyler, Gerard and his parents get together for dinner. While eating, Angela and Gerard tell his parents that they aren\'t a couple, when his father assumes that the two are. When everyone else leaves, Marcus and Angela clean up, and fall asleep on the couch together. When they wake up, the two begin to make out, and assumedly sleep together. While out with Gerard and Tyler, Marcus tells Gerard that he and Angela are going out together, which upsets Gerard, knowing Marcus\' past with women. Marcus, now much more relaxed and confident, becomes very attractive to Jacqueline again, and as he hadn\'t put away his feelings for her, the two end up sleeping together again one night. The next day, Angela confronts Marcus about his whereabouts the night before, knowing he was with Jacqueline. Upset by how Marcus makes himself out to be the victim, Angela angrily leaves. Marcus tries to go back to Jacqueline, then realizes his feelings for her aren\'t the same as his love for Angela. Later, Marcus talks to Gerard, and Gerard tells him that Angela got a promotion at a new company she\'s working for. Marcus apologizes to Gerard, and the two make up for the argument they had before. He then goes to Angela\'s new job, and though at first she is very cold towards him, she finally forgives him, and the two get back together.'] ['Wing  is a sassy girl who deeply idolizes Rose , a pop singer, and Rose\'s boyfriend, top record producer and song-writer Sam . Rose has been groomed by Sam, achieving stardom and international acclaim. With her success, Sam decides to try his hand at bringing up a male singer. He decides to announce a country-wide, males-only talent search, much to his former protegée\'s chagrin. Wing, desperate to meet her idols, seizes this opportunity and enters the contest disguised as a male. Her childhood friend  trains her to perfect this whimsical idea. As fate would have it, Wing succeeds in the audition thanks to the poor quality of those auditioning and in part to Rose\'s taunts. Rose challenges Sam to see to the idea of him bringing up a  talentless Wing. Wing is later invited to stay at Sam and Rose\'s home for her/"his" musical education. Wing tries unsuccessfully to reconcile the two lovers\' difference. Trouble and comedy ensue as she finds herself falling for Sam and vice versa, despite him thinking she is a he.'] ["Mel Coplin and his wife, Nancy, live in New York, near Mel's neurotic, Jewish, adoptive parents, Ed and Pearl Coplin. Mel and Nancy have just had their first child, and Mel won't decide on a name for their son until he can discover the identity of his biological parents. After an adoption agency employee locates his biological mother's name in a database, Mel decides to meet her personally. Tina, the sexy but highly incompetent adoption agency employee, decides to accompany Mel, Nancy, and the newborn on a trip to San Diego to meet Mel's biological mother. The trip, of course, does not go as planned, and ends up becoming a tour of the United States. First, Mel is introduced to Valerie, a blond Scandinavian woman with Confederate roots whose twin daughters are at least six inches taller than Mel. They quickly realize that Valerie is not Mel's biological mother, and Tina scrambles to get the correct information from the agency database. Meanwhile, Nancy becomes jealous as Tina and Mel begin to flirt. Next, the group heads to rural Michigan with the hope of meeting the man whose name appears as the person who delivered infant Mel to the adoption agency. The man, Fritz Boudreau, turns out to be a trucker with a violent streak. However, when he discovers that Mel might be his son, he becomes instantly friendly and lets Mel drive his semi-trailer truck, which Mel immediately crashes into a Post Office building. This leads to a run-in with two ATF agents, Tony and Paul, who are gay and in a relationship with each other. It is discovered that Tony and Nancy went to high school together. Charges are dismissed, and Fritz Boudreau tells Mel that he is not Mel's father, but only handled Mel's adoption because Mel's biological parents were indisposed. Tina locates the current address of Mel's biological parents, which turns out to be in rural New Mexico. Tony and Paul surprise everyone by deciding to tag along on the trip. While Mel and Tina become close, Nancy finds herself flirting with Tony, who returns the compliment, causing friction. The trip through rural New Mexico is fraught with more problems. At last the whole crowd descends on the front porch of Mel's true biological parents, Richard and Mary Schlichting. They are asked to stay the night. While Richard and Mary are more than welcoming, Mel's biological brother Lonnie is overly rude and jealous. It is during dinner that Mel discovers that Richard and Mary had to let Mel be adopted because they were in jail for making and distributing LSD in the late 1960s. Not only that, but Richard and Mary continue to manufacture LSD, as becomes apparent when Lonnie, in an attempt to dose Mel with acid at dinner, accidentally doses Paul, the ATF agent. In his drugged state Paul tries to arrest Richard and Mary but Lonnie knocks him out with a frying pan. They attempt to escape and decide to take Mel's car, hiding their supply of acid in the trunk. Mel's adoptive parents arrive but then change their minds and decide to leave, taking the wrong car. When they change their minds again and make a blind U-turn, the two families crash. Mel's adoptive parents are arrested while his biological parents escape to Mexico. Not realizing what has happened Mel recounts the stories from dinner to Nancy and they agree to name the baby Garcia. The next day Paul explains the situation and is able to get Mel's parents released, and they are happy and reassured to hear Mel call them his parents. A montage of their relationships continues over the credits. They all still have their troubles but Mel and Nancy are happy together."] ["Ed and Alice are in love. Not passionate, ripping-clothes-off in love. But they do laundry on Saturday, do small things that make each other happy. At their engagement party, Alice sees a friend hook up with a server and comes to the conclusion that she would like to try more sexual partners before she settles down for the rest of her life. Ed, initially resistant to the idea of seeing other people, decides to go along with it. Alice takes the lead by making out with a friend's contractor, Donald. When she tells Ed, he is shocked but incredibly turned on. They have some of the best sex they've had in years. Ed attempts to have sex with an actress at work but can't perform. Alice finally psyches herself up to having sex with Donald at his house. She leaves satisfied but hurriedly, while Donald clearly has fallen for her. That night, Alice tells Ed that she had sex with Donald. Ed never thought she would actually go that far. Upset, he leaves. He tries to hook up with different girls at a house party with his friend Carl but none of his attempts go well. He returns home to find Alice trying to call off the whole deal. Ed tells her that she's right and that he overreacted. But he says that they should continue the deal until she is completely satisfied so they have no regrets. The next day, Ed succeeds in having sex with the actress. When he tells Alice, he expects her to be jealous, but instead she is turned on. They again have sex and believe things to be going well. Having sex outside their relationship is improving their own sex life. Carl observes a woman  in a stereo store who is being pressured by an overzealous sales clerk. He helps install a new system for Penelope and her son Jake. Jake is angry at his mother because of her recent divorce. Ed has a date at a restaurant and turns out to be seated next to Alice and Donald. It's uncomfortable. Later, waiting for their cars, Ed and Alice talk. Ed is upset that Alice is seeing Donald, and she is upset that Ed has slept with so many women. Ed says they are supposed to be sleeping with other people but she is just sleeping with one, as if it's a relationship. She says it's hard to sleep with other people with him living in the house. Ed agrees to move out. Alice is growing tired of Donald because he is needy. Ed is getting tired of meaningless sex. He eventually starts dating a woman named Sandy and grows to like her more and more. Breaking it off with Donald after finding out that he dates other women, Alice tries to get back with Ed. Ed however, has feelings for Sandy at this point. But she is not quite what she seems. After a failed three-way in which the third girl straps on a dildo, Sandy suggests they try crack cocaine. In a self-destructive impulse, Alice tries to sleep with her sister's husband Peter. Her sister is having an affair with Ed's friend Lou. She shows up and all is revealed. Alice misses how comfortable and happy she used to be. Ed ends up stranded when Sandy runs off with his car after stealing a bag of crack. He walks all night and arrives at Alice's house just as everyone else is leaving. He pulls out a book of stamps that he bought weeks ago because he knew it to be one of the small things she loves. They sit side by side, not entirely sure where they go from here."] ['Set in contemporary New York City, Shortbus revolves around Sofia Lin , who is married to the handsome but dimwitted Rob . She works as a couples counselor/sex therapist although she has never achieved an orgasm. She comes into contact with a couple: former child star Jamie  and former prostitute James ([[Paul Dawson , the film\'s other lead character. At the outset, James suggests to his boyfriend that they open up their relationship to sex with others. During their first consultation, Sofia snaps, slaps Jamie, and apologetically reveals her "pre-orgasmic" status. The couple suggests she attend a weekly social/artistic/sexual salon in Brooklyn called "Shortbus," which is hosted by drag performance artist Justin Bond . Sofia slowly opens up to new experiences; this includes a friendship with a dominatrix who goes by the name Severin played by Lindsay Beamish.  Sofia\'s inability to achieve orgasm begins to cause conflict with Rob, who in turn begins attending Shortbus with Sofia. James and Jamie meet a young ex-model and aspiring singer named Ceth  and the three begin a sexual relationship. Meanwhile, James and Jamie\'s life is being closely watched by their across-the-street stalker neighbor, Caleb . Caleb fears the inclusion of Ceth in James and Jamie\'s relationship might break them up and thus destroy his ability to live vicariously through them, so he attends Shortbus, where he confronts Ceth. Sofia begins to go daily to a spa with a sensory deprivation tank to meet with Severin, and the two begin to have intense conversations. Severin begins to help Sofia loosen up sexually; Sofia helps Severin achieve a deeper human connection than she had experienced before. One evening at Shortbus, Severin discusses with Sofia the idea of giving up sex work to pursue her dream of being an artist. The two then have an unplanned sexual experience, and once again Sofia is left unsatisfied. Throughout the film, James is seen making a film about himself and his relationship. It turns out to be a suicide note. He attempts to take his own life and is rescued by Caleb, who calls for help, but is too embarrassed to wait with James for the help to arrive. He writes his phone number and email address on James\' face while he is unconscious. When James wakes in the hospital, he calls Caleb. James goes to Caleb\'s home to be consoled, but does not contact Jamie or Ceth, neither of whom can understand why he wouldn\'t call them or come home. There follows an interlocking trio of scenes showing connections between the characters\' emotional problems and their sexual lives. * At Caleb\'s house, he and James have sex, and James allows Caleb to penetrate him, something he has never allowed anyone to do before. Afterward, in a dramatic revelation, James is seen in the window of Caleb\'s apartment by Jamie, who realizes in that moment that James is alive and okay. * Rob and Severin have a paid encounter where Rob asks to be beaten, something he couldn\'t ask Sofia to do. As this progresses, Severin loses control and Rob tries to comfort her. * Sofia seems to have a dream of struggling through an overgrown, wild forested area to a gentle seashore where she tries to achieve orgasm again. On failing, she screams, and in the real world the lights go off across the city, seemingly caused by the simultaneous and collective frustration of the characters. The film ends with a song by Justin Bond at Shortbus during the blackout. Sofia arrives and finds Rob with Severin and after acknowledging him sits down by herself. James and Jamie also arrive followed by Ceth and Caleb. Justin\'s song starts on a wistful note, but as it progresses it becomes more energetic and positive thanks to the arrival of the Hungry March Band. This is mirrored in the actions and emotions of the actors. Jamie and James make out on the floor, and Ceth and Caleb start to hit it off. Rob seems to find a friend, and Severin progresses from nervous anxiety to happy elation upon the arrival of the band. Sofia engages in a threesome with a couple she has seen several times before and who appear to meet her prerequisite of "just beginning to experiment sexually" , and finally achieves an orgasm, and the blackout affecting New York ends, as does the film.'] ["It is the early 1900s. Distinguished philosopher Leopold  and his much younger fiancée, Ariel , are going to spend a weekend in the country with Leopold's cousin Adrian  and her crackpot inventor husband Andrew . Also on the guest list is womanising doctor Maxwell  and his latest girlfriend, free-thinking nurse, Dulcy . Over the course of the weekend, old romances reignite, new romances develop, and everyone ends up sneaking off behind everyone else's backs."] ["After experiencing a failure in the ending of the last film, Alfie - now working as a 1970s' cross London-France HGV driver alongside Bakey  - decides to get back to his old self. And his new occupation provides new opportunities to do so. The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France, while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker  in the back until the customs' officer catches her topless. When arriving at their destination, he spots a woman  in a sports car. They start racing until the police breaks it up. Alfie soon finds comfort by flirting with the married waitress Louise , who takes him to her apartment. During the night, her husband returns from his fishing trip, but Bakey, outside in the truck, sounds the horn as a warning. Alfie later catches up with the woman from the race and learns her name is Abby and that she is a sophisticated magazine editor. When she turns him down, he decides he proceeds to stalk her until, after another car chase, she finally agrees to a date. When Alfie gets his wish, he can't perform and leaves her apartment in anger. This failure causes him to use his little black book to contact various women with whom he has a casual relationship. However, some of these encounters lead him into trouble. He faces the consequences of an encounter with Norma ([[Sheila White  and the wrath of the husband of older Fay , when said husband discovers Alfie's wallet under their bed. With Fay's encouragement, Alfie apologizes to Abby about leaving her apartment in a huff and asks her for a proper dinner. He tells her what he never says to his lovers - that he loves her and wants her to marry him. She agrees. She then has to take a quick work related flight. When Abby leaves for the airport, Alfie is bed-ridden due to back pains. When his older neighbor, Claire , hears from another neighbor that Alfie can't move, she lets herself into his apartment and serves him tea. When Alfie comments on Claire's perfume, she reveals her true feelings for him by suddenly entering his bed and taking her top off. She ignores his protests but then her attempts to mount him fix his back, and he escapes before she succeeds in making actual intimate contact. Alfie catches Abby before her flight takes off, and they decide to marry the following day. In the morning Alfie waits for her in the airport, not having heard that her plane has crashed without any survivors. Upon learning the news Alfie drives to the crash site and cries over the wreckage."] ['Ben Stone  is laid-back and sardonic. He lives off funds received in compensation for an injury and sporadically works on a Mr. Skin-like website with his roommates, in between smoking marijuana or going off with them at theme parks such as Knott\'s Berry Farm. Alison Scott  is a career-minded woman who has just been given an on-air role with E!, and is living in the pool house with her sister Debbie\'s  family. While celebrating her promotion, Alison meets Ben at a local nightclub. After a night of drinking, they end up having sex. Due to a misunderstanding, they do not use protection: Alison uses the phrase "Just do it already" to encourage Ben to put the condom on, but he misinterprets this to mean to dispense without even using one. The following morning, they quickly learn over breakfast that they have little in common and go their separate ways, which leaves Ben visibly upset. Eight weeks later, Alison experiences morning sickness during an interview with James Franco, and discovers she is pregnant. She contacts Ben for the first time since their one-night stand to tell him. Although insensitive at first, Ben says he will be there to support Alison. While he is still unsure about being a parent, his father  is excited. Alison\'s mother  tries to persuade her daughter to have an abortion, but Alison decides to keep the child. Later, Alison and Ben decide to give their relationship a chance. The couple\'s efforts include Ben making an awkward marriage proposal with an empty ring box, promising to get her one someday. Alison thinks it is too early to think about marriage, because she is more concerned with hiding the pregnancy from her boss, who asked her to be "firm" and "tight" for the cameras. After a somewhat promising beginning, tensions surface in the relationship. Alison is increasingly worried about Ben\'s lack of responsibility and commitment, and has doubts about the longevity of their relationship. These thoughts are due to her sister\'s unhappy marriage. Debbie\'s husband, Pete , works as a talent scout for rock bands, but he leaves at odd hours in the night, which makes her suspect he is having an affair. Upon investigating, she learns that he is actually part of a fantasy baseball draft, which he explains he participates in to be free from Debbie\'s controlling manner. This results in their separation, and when Ben expresses amusement at Pete\'s deception, it leads to a heated argument with Alison as they drive to her doctor. Angered, she ejects him from her car and abandons him in the middle of nowhere, leading to their own breakup. Ben and Pete decide to go on a road trip to Las Vegas. Under the heavy influence of psychedelic mushrooms, they realize their loss and decide to take responsibility for their relationships. Simultaneously, Debbie drags a timid Alison out partying with her, but they are refused admission to a nightclub by its apologetic bouncer ([[Craig Robinson  on account of Debbie\'s age and Alison\'s pregnancy, leading to Debbie\'s tearful laments about her life and her desire to have Pete back. They reconcile at their daughter\'s birthday party, but when Ben tries to work things out with Alison, she is still reluctant to get back together with him. Alison\'s boss finds out about her pregnancy, and sees an opportunity to boost ratings with female viewers by having Alison interview pregnant celebrities. After a talk with his father, Ben decides to take responsibility and goes to great effort to change his ways, including moving out of his friends\' house, getting an office job as a web designer and an apartment with a baby\'s room. He also starts reading the pregnancy books that he had purchased early on. When Alison goes into labor and is not able to contact her doctor, she calls Ben, as Debbie and Pete are out of town on a trip. Ben discovers that the gynecologist they had been seeing  is out of town, despite having assured them that he never took vacations. Ben calls him and leaves an assertive voicemail, threatening murder. During labor, Alison apologizes for doubting Ben\'s commitment and admits that she never thought the man who got her pregnant would be the right one for her. When Debbie and Pete arrive at the hospital, Ben adamantly refuses to allow her to be at Alison\'s side, insisting that that is his place. Debbie is both furious and impressed that Ben took charge of the situation and begins to change her formerly negative opinion about him. The couple welcomes the birth of a baby girl  and settle down happily together in a new apartment in Los Angeles.'] ['Sameer Kapoor , a nurse, and Kunal Chopra , a photographer, bump into each other while looking for an apartment to rent. They fall in love with the same apartment; however, the owner refuses to sublet it to them as her niece, Neha Melwani , will stay in the apartment alone. When a U.S. soldier mentions how much Sameer and Kunal remind him of his own relationship with his life partner, Sameer tries to convince Kunal to pretend to be lovers so that they may live in the apartment. Kunal initially refuses but, desperate for the apartment, he decides to agree to it. Their plan works and they move in. Neha, Kunal, and Sameer spend time together and become good friends. One day, Neha\'s boss, Murli \'M\' , announces that he is resigning his job as the editor of Verve magazine and will decide who should take his position. To impress her editor and get the job, Neha invites M for dinner at her house, telling him that she will introduce him to her gay friends. The evening turns out to be comedic. However, Sameer\'s mother finds out that her son might be gay and is not pleased. The next day at Neha\'s office, M announces that Abhimanyu Singh  will be the new editor. Neha, heartbroken, returns home where she is consoled by Sameer\'s mother. Kunal and Sameer then help Neha with her on a redesign project, given to her by Abhimanyu. While Kunal is out for a few days, Sameer takes Neha on a romantic outing. Later, he tries to tell Neha about their scheme and admit that he loves her, but Kunal overhears and stops him. While they try to figure out what to do, Kunal suggests that Sameer meet him and Neha that night at a local dance bar. Instead, Kunal takes Neha to a romantic dinner and movie. The next morning, Sameer is furious with Kunal. Abhimanyu and Neha start dating, and Sameer and Kunal decide to team up to sabotage the relationship. Despite their efforts, Abhimanyu and Neha eventually fall in love. Sameer and Kunal redirect their efforts into frightening Abhi\'s son, Veer, about his future stepmother, Neha. Neha discovers that Abhi plans to propose to her during a basketball game. She leaves and asks Kunal and Sameer what she should do. Kunal and Sameer are shocked and reveal that they are not gay and are in love with her. Meanwhile, Veer tells Abhi of his fears and begins to cry, asking his father not to marry Neha. During the game, Abhi hugs Neha and ends the relationship, citing Veer\'s discomfort. Neha tearfully turns out Kunal and Sameer from the apartment and resigns from Verve. A few months later, Kunal and Sameer go to court to collect their resident permits and realize that they miss Neha. They find her at a fashion show and try to apologize, but she refuses to see them. Abhi shows up, and Kunal asks when their wedding is. Neha tells him that they broke up because Veer wasn\'t comfortable with her. Kunal and Sameer then admit the truth about their manipulations, infuriating Abhi and Neha. Kunal and Sameer get on the stage and beg for Neha\'s forgiveness, with the crowd egging them on and asking them to get on their knees and give flying kisses to Neha. Then they are asked to kiss each other, and the guys refuse to do so. Neha and Abhi begin to turn away. At the last moment, Kunal forcibly kisses Sameer. Abhi is amazed and tells Neha that the guys were really her best friends, as he wouldn\'t have done that for her. Neha goes to them and they make up. Kunal and Sameer propose to Abhi for Neha. He agrees, and Neha and Abhi get married. Two months later, Neha, Kunal, and Sameer are sitting on the apartment\'s balcony, enjoying themselves. Neha asks them if they felt anything during their charade of pretending to be gay. Kunal and Sameer get defensive and Neha leaves saying "Sorry, touchy topic." Sam and Kunal, now alone, remember the kiss.'] ["Alvin Purple is unable to hold down a job because of his appeal to women. He and his friend Spike help a team of women's cricketers win a match by playing in drag, and decide to spend their share of the prize money in a casino. Alvin discovers he is identical in appearance to gangster Balls McGee. When Balls is killed, Alvin is forced to take his place."] ['The story is a satire of the film industry and Hollywood society. The main character, Felix Farmer, is a phenomenally successful film producer who has just made the first flop of his career, to the dismay of his movie studio and the loss of his own sanity. Felix attempts suicide four times: First, he attempts to die of carbon monoxide poisoning in his car, only to have it slip into gear and drive through the side of his garage, down a sand dune and ending up in the Pacific Ocean. Secondly, he attempts to hang himself from a rafter in an upstairs bedroom, only to fall through the floor, landing on a poisonous Hollywood gossip columnist standing in the living room below. Thirdly, he turns on the gas in the kitchen oven, but is prevented from carrying out his intent by two house guests with other things on their mind. Thereafter he spends most of the time heavily sedated while his friends and hangers-on occupy his beach house. The occupation leads to a party which degenerates into an orgy. Finally, he tries to shoot himself with a police officer\'s gun but is prevented from doing so by the ministrations of a sweet young thing in a pair of panties, and experiences a revelation of what was missing from his movie - Free Love! Newly energized, Felix resolves to save both the film and his reputation. With great difficulty he persuades the studio and his wife Sally Miles, an Oscar-winning movie star with a goody-goody image, to allow him to revise the film into a soft-core pornographic musical in which she must appear topless. He liquidates most of his wealth to buy the existing footage and to bankroll further production. If he fails, both he and Sally will be impoverished, at least by Hollywood standards. At first the studio is keen to unload the film onto Felix and move on, but as it becomes apparent that it will be a success, they plot to regain control. Using California\'s community property laws, they get the distribution and final-cut rights by persuading Sally to sign them over. Felix then tries to get the movie negatives from the studio\'s color lab vault, armed with a water pistol, and is shot by police who think it is a real pistol. Felix\'s untimely and violent death creates yet another crisis, particularly for his cronies Culley, Coogan and Dr. Finegarten, who plan to give him a burial at sea. They kidnap his corpse, substituting the body of a well-known but underrated character actor who died in the first scene of the movie, having a heart attack while jogging on the beach in front of Felix\'s home. Felix gets a Viking funeral, being sent out to sea in a burning dinghy, while the actor finally gets the Hollywood burial many thought he deserved. The epilogue later reveals that the revamped film was a huge success, and Sally won another Academy Award for her performance.  Little is seen of the movie which is the focus of the plot, except for an extended dream sequence and a brief shot taking place close to the end. The title is Night Wind, which provokes the headline "Critics break Wind" seen on a copy of Variety at the start of S.O.B. after the initial flop. The opening sequence of S.O.B. is the first version of the dream where Julie Andrews wanders through a room full of giant toys, reliving in sublimated form some dark episode from her character\'s childhood. Several of the toys come to life, including a group of toy soldiers, while the tune of Polly Wolly Doodle plays in the background. Later Felix, having decided to rewrite the movie as soft-porn, reveals his plan to the studio heads on the set of the toy room, hiding at first while the executives wander around wondering where he is. Then in the re-shoot, the same set is used but the toys, including the soldiers, are dressed in various erotic costumes, and the "dream" features a mysterious man who tries to tempt Andrews\' character.'] ['{{Plot}} Gigolos in Europe are being terrorized by a serial killer. In Malibu, Deuce Bigalow\'s wife Kate is dead from a shark attack, and Deuce is invited by his former pimp T.J. Hicks to Amsterdam where T.J. is currently pimping. Deuce goes, as he is suspected of complicity in some dolphin-related injuries in Malibu and to take his mind off of Kate. After T.J. shows Deuce his boat, or "float crib," the pair go to a coffee shop where they get high and bump into Heinz Hummer, a German gigolo. After leaving the coffee shop, Deuce finds Hummer dead in an alley, but thinks he is merely stoned and takes the dead gigolo to T.J.\'s float crib, until T.J. gets back and immediately realizes that Hummer is dead. T.J. who plans to dump the body, but skeptical of Hummer\'s reputation of being well-endowed, pauses to unzip his pants and examine his genitalia. Unfortunately he is caught by a tour boat and is subsequently labeled by the media as a gay gigolo killer. T.J. escapes, but Deuce is apprehended and taken to the police station where he is interviewed by Gaspar Voorsboch, a police inspector who wants to know of T.J.\'s whereabouts. Upon his release from the police station, Deuce finds T.J. at a restaurant and recalls that he saw the real killer walking away from Hummer\'s body. Deuce says it was a woman, so they both figure it was a she-john, a former client of the murdered gigolo. T.J. convinces Deuce to help find the real killer by becoming a gigolo again, visiting the former clients and "rooting" out the killer. They attend a meeting of the Royal Order Of European Man Whores , but fail to procure a list of the clients. Afterwards, they get the list from Antoine, the professional gigolo who appeared in the first film. Deuce and T.J. visit the first client on the list. While Deuce distracts the woman T.J. breaks into her residence and finds a brand of lipstick which might be the kind found on all the victims. After leaving, Deuce finds Gaspar on the street and shows him the lipstick. Gaspar throws the lipstick in the trash, but mentions that the lipstick found on the victims "is a very rare one: Lavender Love #66". As Gaspar enters the police station, his niece, Eva, approaches him and gives him his lunch. Eva slaps herself three times. Deuce helps her pick up the things she dropped, and Eva explains to Deuce that she has obsessive-compulsive disorder. Fish-enthusiast Deuce sees that she has a painting of a fish, so they go to the Amsterdam aquarium together. Later, Deuce continues to investigate different women from Antoine\'s book, including a woman named Svetlana who was born near Chernobyl and has a very active penis for a nose, a hunchbacked woman, a woman with a tracheotomy, and a woman with gigantic ears. While visiting Eva, Deuce is snooping around and finds evidence implicating Eva. Deuce then rushes to the police department and tells Gaspar that he thinks Eva is the man-whore killer. Gaspar is reluctant to believe this, and even drops many hints that he himself is the man-whore killer, but Deuce remains clueless. While Gaspar has told Eva that he is the man-whore killer, Deuce rides with Gaspar to the Man-Whore Awards Ceremony under the guise of protecting the man-whores there. However, to Gaspar\'s surprise, Eva is chasing them on a moped, and shouting at Deuce that Gaspar is the killer. Gaspar pulls a gun on Deuce and proceeds to tell him that, once, he was a man-whore hopeful. While Gaspar was observing a demonstration on how to perform a certain sex act, one of his classmates offered to let him use his penis-enlargement pump. When the demonstration ended, Gaspar was horrified to learn that the woman who was on the receiving end of the sex act was his fiancée. Gaspar became so angry that he continued to pump until his penis exploded. He blames man-whores for the loss of his fiancée and his penis, and plans to blow them all up at their awards ceremony. At the ceremony, Deuce evacuates the building and gets into a swordfight with Gaspar. Gaspar beats Deuce, but before he can detonate the bomb, the woman with a penis for a nose and the woman with the tracheotomy arrive at the stage and distract Gaspar. Deuce then knocks out Gaspar with a trophy, taking the bomb detonator from him. For his bravery, Deuce is given the Golden Boner award - an explicit statue - and the respect of his fellow man-whores. He shares a passionate kiss with Eva, and accidentally sets off the bomb when the statue\'s penis bumps the detonator button. Deuce and Eva then promptly leave the scene. The following day, Deuce and Eva come to pick up T.J., who has been released from jail, and tells them that he is entering a brand new prostitution market: gay man-whoring. They all walk off as the screen fades to black.'] ['In order to write an expose on how cheerleading demeans women, a reporter for a college newspaper infiltrates the cheerleading squad. While doing so, she uncovers unscrupulous dealings; the coach and dean are in cahoots in rigging football games to favor betting spreads the statistics professor, who is also the bookie, arranges. Later the statistics professor turns against the coach and dean as they turn against their star quarterback who they want to convince to throw the game for a big payoff. But when confronted, the quarterback refuses on principle and is arrested by University Police who plant a joint on him as they carry out the deans ultimatum. The movie endorses defiance of authority, and questions love and virginity.'] ['Taj Badalandabad , the personal assistant to the legendary Van Wilder, has just graduated Coolidge College and is now on his way to England\'s Camford University. Taj plans to follow in the footsteps of his father- not only by obtaining a degree, but also to become a member of an exclusive campus Fraternal Guild, the Fox and Hounds, where Taj hopes he will become the next generation of Badalandabads to be deservedly nicknamed the "Sultan of Snatch." However, when Taj arrives at Camford , he is told by Pip Everett, the Earl of Grey , the stuffy head of the Fox and Hounds, that there had been a mistake and he has actually not been accepted into the Fraternal Guild. Devastated, Taj, with his faithful bulldog Ballzac in tow, instead takes the only housing opening available on campus and becomes the "Head of House" for a group of student misfits - Sadie , a gorgeous Cockney girl with a mouth like a gutter, Seamus, an English-hating Irishman, Gethin, the ultimate nerd, and Simon, a goofy-looking kid who rarely talks. Stuck with a band of misfits, Taj considers what Van Wilder would do in the same dismal situation, and in classic "Van" fashion he decides to take on the challenge and turn the house around. At the campus Society Inaugural Ball, Taj announces to the uptight crowd that he and his new mates are starting their own exclusive society - the Cock and Bulls. In addition, the Cock and Bulls declare that are going to compete in the venerable Hastings Cup - an ongoing series of campus academic events and athletic competitions. Also, as part of his duties, Taj finds out that he will be a history teacher to his new mates and that his teaching supervisor will be Charlotte Higginson , an English beauty, who just happens to be dating Pip Everett. Taj is instantly smitten with Charlotte. Charlotte instantly is not smitten in return. Taj and Charlotte clash over Taj\'s less conventional traditional teaching methods until Charlotte points out that his new mates are in danger of flunking out of school because their grades are so low. Taj takes Charlotte\'s challenge to heart and starts turning the mates around - their grades as well as their self-esteem. Meanwhile, much to the chagrin of Pip Everett, not only are the Cock and Bulls catching up to the Fox and Hounds in the Hastings Cup, but Taj and Charlotte are spending a lot of time together. Pip sets out to get rid of Taj by attempting to humiliate him at the Royal Literary Ball and then sabotaging Ballzac at the Camford Dog Show, but both cases backfire and Pip ends up the one embarrassed. Much to Pip\'s horror, Taj and Charlotte are clearly falling in love and the Cock and Bulls are moving into a close second behind the Fox and Hounds. Pip decides to set up Taj and the Cock and Bulls by planting stolen test exams in their house. The plan works temporarily, and the mates are about to get expelled until Taj steps up and takes the blame for the theft - on the condition that his friends are allowed to stay in school. The school Provost agrees to the terms, and Taj has to leave Camford. Heart-broken, Charlotte tells Taj she never wants to see him again. The mates are now left to compete in the final event of the Hastings Cup without their fearless leader. But when Charlotte finds evidence that proves Taj\'s innocence, she and Taj rush to the Hastings Cup, just in time for Taj to compete against Pip in the final event - fencing. A humiliated and furious Pip makes sure that the fencing match degenerates into an all out sword fight, but in the end, Taj defeats Pip and the mates win the Hastings Cup. Pip gets expelled for planting the exams and Taj and Charlotte get to live happily ever after.'] ['A group of parents of fourth-grade students addresses how the school should deal with sex education. But sexuality is still an unresolved issue for many of the parents themselves. Sexo con Amor is the story of how three of these couples are ambushed by their own erotic passions. They each profess undying love to their partners while hopping enthusiastically on a merry-go-round of physical relations with one another, leading to sometimes tragic and sometimes hilarious effects.'] ['The film was released in 2001 and is set in 1996, when the real team competed and won the national championships in Thailand. The two main characters, Mon and Jung, play two gay transvestites, who had been constantly overlooked by volleyball coaches because of their appearance. However, when a local team changes coaches, the new coach holds tryouts for a new team. When Mon and Jung are selected, most of the old players resign, leaving the new coach, Coach Bee, in a sticky predicament. Mon and Jung are then forced to enlist the help of other gay and transsexual friends who they used to play volleyball with in university. These new players include Wit, who hasn\'t told his fiancée he is gay, Pia, a transsexual dancer and Nong, a gay army conscript. When the competition begins, all but one player in the team are gay or transsexual. Because of their appearance on court, many of the match officials intend to ban the team, soon dubbed "The Iron Ladies", from the tournament. However, seeing how much the team is liked by the crowd soon changes many of their opinions. At the end credits of the film, the real "Iron Ladies" are shown as they were at the time of making the film.'] ['Ronald Miller  is a typical high school nerd living in Arizona. He has spent all summer mowing lawns to save up for a telescope. However, at an opportune moment he makes a deal with popular cheerleader Cynthia "Cindy" Mancini  to "rent" her for $1,000. She agrees so that she can afford to replace a suede outfit that Quint , a baseball jock, spilled red wine on at a party. It belonged to her mother and she hadn\'t received permission to borrow it. Having few options except telling her mom the truth, she reluctantly agrees to help him look "cool" by pretending to be his girlfriend for a month even though she already has a boyfriend named Bobby who is away at college. Both agree never to reveal the pact. Ronald then trades his nerdy-but-loyal friends for the shallow popular students and undergoes a complete clothing and hair makeover at Cindy\'s direction. Over the month the two discover each others individuality and are drawn closely together. Cindy soon starts to genuinely like Ronald. She opens up to him as he washes her car at her house, she goes inside to get a poem that she\'d written that meant the world to her and lets him read it. She gets to know him better as he opens up to her with his beliefs about astronomy and space travel; as they gaze at the moon he tells her how when they are their parents age "people will be working there and living there... maybe even us". On the last date which Ronald has \'paid\' for Cindy then hints that she\'d like to kiss Ronald, signifying that she has real feelings for him, but he misunderstands and assumes she wants to talk about their breakup. They dramatically "break up" in front of a crowd at school but Ronald takes things too far and says some hurtful things about Cindy in front of their friends. She becomes cool and distant but warns him that popularity is hard work and he needs to make sure he "stays self". The next day, Cindy appears disgusted with Ronald when she sees him behaving arrogantly at school and becomes jealous when she sees him flirting with her best friends Barbara and Patty, who he later takes out on dates. Ronald continues playing "cool" by hanging out with the jocks and hot chicks. He takes Barbara to a dance at school, where he performs a dance he learned from the African Culture channel on television which he mistakenly believed to be American Bandstand. At first the other kids are mystified but they soon join in and Ronald\'s new \'trendy\' dancing makes him the most popular guy in school. At Halloween he and the other jocks drive to the house of one of his nerd friends, and the jocks test his loyalty by making him throw a bag of dog poop at the house as is their Halloween \'tradition\'. But Ronald\'s friend is lying in wait and catches Ronald; he lets him go before his dad can call the police but the next day at school he ignores him. At a New Year\'s Eve party Ronald gets pretty drunk, goes into the bathroom with a girl and has sex with her. Cindy walks by and hears Ronald reciting to this girl the very poem that she  had written. She\'s completely devastated, so she starts drinking heavily. Later, as a surprise Bobby  shows up at the party from the University of Iowa as he still has strong ties with most of the athletes. After he learns about her relationship with Ronald through a few of the athletes, Cindy is brutally dumped in front of a lot of people. In anger and frustration she tells the party-goers the truth about her relationship with Ronald and his "cool" pretenses. She scolds her friends for falling for his act and for being "a bunch of followers". "Our little plan worked, didn\'t it Ronald?" Cindy says as she effectively puts him back at square one with not only the popular crowd , but the nerdy crowd as well. He suffers much emotional distress at being socially ostracized as his attempts to reconcile with both Cindy and Kenneth are rebuffed. However, a moment comes to redeem himself when he defends his best friend Kenneth against the onslaught of Quint. Ronald points out that they were all friends at one time. When they were nine, Quint had fallen out of their tree house and broken his arm, they carried him twelve blocks to the hospital as he cried all the way. He mocks the clique system at their school and walks away. Quint and Kenneth shake hands and the whole school applaud. Cindy recognizes Ronald\'s worth after that and the two reconcile when she decides to hop on the back of his riding lawn mower instead of hanging out with her popular friends. He asks her to prom and the two kiss as the title song plays. Closing credits roll while the two of them ride off into the sunset on the lawn mower.'] ["Berke Landers ([[Ben Foster  and his girlfriend Allison  were the quintessential high-school couple, but she breaks up with him immediately after the film begins. She then begins a new relationship with Striker , a 'foreign' student who was once the lead singer of a boy band. When Allison and Striker audition for the school's upcoming musical, Berke desperately tries to win Allison back by also auditioning for the play, despite having no theatrical talent and having a busy schedule as a member of the basketball team. Meanwhile, Berke's friends Felix  and Dennis  try to find a new girlfriend for him. With the help of Felix's younger sister, Kelly , a talented songwriter and singer, Berke wins a minor role in the play, a modern musical version of Shakespeare's comedy A Midsummer Night's Dream called A Midsummer Night's Rockin' Eve, written and directed by the school's domineering drama teacher, Dr. Desmond Oates . Striker plays Demetrius, Allison plays Hermia, Kelly plays Helena, and Lysander is to be played by the school's star actor, Peter Wong . But after Peter is injured in a freak accident, Striker nominates Berke to take over the role of Lysander, and, still intent on winning Allison back, Berke accepts. He gradually improves with continuing assistance from Kelly, but remains unaware of the growing attraction between the two of them. Meanwhile, Oates blames Kelly's singing for his own poorly written song and rejects her suggestions to improve it. At a party at Berke's house, Kelly kisses Berke, but he insists that a relationship between them could not work because she is Felix's sister. She leaves him, annoyed at his unwillingness to move on with his life, and Felix, coming across the two, punches Berke. At the same party, Berke and Allison catch Striker cheating on Allison with her best friend Maggie , and so Allison breaks up with Striker. On the play's opening night, the first half of the performance goes smoothly except for some onstage scuffling between Berke and Striker. During the intermission, Allison confides to Berke that she wants to get back together with him, leaving him with a difficult choice between her and Kelly. Meanwhile, Striker bribes two of the theater technicians to try and blow up Berke using stage pyrotechnics. Before the play resumes, Felix gives the orchestra sheet music for a love ballad written by Kelly to replace Oates' unpopular tune. After the curtain rises, Kelly sings her song so beautifully that Berke is reminded of their time together and finally realizes he loves her. As the fourth act begins, he abandons his lines from the script and makes up his own verse professing his character's love for Kelly's character Helena. The audience applauds as Berke and Kelly kiss. Striker protests this change, but unwittingly signals the technicians to set off the explosion, blowing him offstage. Kelly and Berke leave the theater after the show, looking forward to their future together as they discuss the next night's performance."] ['Deuce Bigalow , a diminutive fishtank cleaner , is fired for cleaning the tank at a public aquarium in the nude. Deuce has no success in attracting women, so he tries to stay busy with work. On a house call, he meets a Russian male prostitute Antoine Laconte . Antoine is going on a business trip, and he asks Deuce to care for his lionfish and his home while he is away. Deuce accidentally sets Antoine\'s kitchen on fire when trying to make a grilled cheese sandwich in the toaster, and smashes an expensive fish tank. Fearing Antoine will kill him, Deuce is forced to find a way to pay for the damage. Low-rent pimp T.J. Hicks  offers to help Deuce make enough money to buy a new fish tank, and convinces Deuce to take over the absent Antoine\'s role as a gigolo. Deuce decides to make the clients feel better about themselves, since he only desires to have sex with beautiful, sexy women. Deuce meets unusual clients but he still manages to get along with them, despite there being no sex involved, by doing something that has never happened with them before. These clients include: *a woman who is severely narcoleptic. Rather than having sex, Deuce just literally sleeps in bed with her. *one woman who has Tourettes Syndrome with coprolalia, and therefore is afraid of socializing. Deuce decides to take her to a baseball game, where her sporadic outbursts of profanity are likely to fit in with the crowd\'s yelling. After a few outbursts, the crowd starts cheering with her. *an obese woman weighing close to 750 pounds. Deuce averts the woman\'s advances, leaving her somewhat emotionally disarmed to the point of revealing her insecurities with her appearance. Deuce quickly comes up with an alternative form of "play", and the scene changes to Deuce and the woman sitting on her sofa playing a food-themed trivia game. *another woman has a pituitary gland disorder and is extremely tall, so tall in fact that her face is always out of frame . As Deuce walks down a sidewalk with the woman, various unseen bystanders yell insults at her, such as "Freak!" and, "That\'s a huge bitch!" the latter insult becoming one of the most memorable lines from the movie . Deuce\'s list of clients gradually increases, with each client being satisfied by much more fulfilling measures  due to Deuce\'s evasion of sex with them. However, Deuce falls in love with one of his clients, Kate , who has a prosthetic leg. She later breaks up with Deuce when she finds out that he was a prostitute hired by her friends. Meanwhile, Deuce is pursued by Detective Chuck Fowler ([[William Forsythe , who demands Antoine\'s "black book" of clients and threatens to take Deuce to jail if he does not comply. Deuce eventually helps Detective Fowler please his wife by stripping and erotically dancing for her, and the two make peace. Deuce is still taken into custody on prostitution charges, as Fowler needs someone to bring in. At the hearing, it is revealed that Deuce never slept with any of the clients except for Kate. Since Deuce gave back the money to Kate and was not paid for sex with her, he is cleared of all charges. Using the money he made, Deuce restores Antoine\'s fish tank, albeit with lower-quality glass. Unfortunately, one of Deuce\'s friends accidentally kills the prize fish in Antoine\'s aquarium. Deuce buys a replacement fish and returns to Antoine\'s house just in time. Antoine is suspicious, but cannot figure out why. He taps the new aquarium and the glass shatters. Deuce then reveals his man-whoring escapades to the confused and angry Antoine. Outraged, Antoine tries to kill Deuce, and at one point shoots an arrow at him. However, the aforementioned overweight client shows up, comes between the two men, and saves Deuce\'s life . Antoine is then arrested by Detective Fowler, and Deuce marries Kate.'] ["Laurent  and Loli  are a thirty-ish married couple living in southern France with their young children. He is an estate agent; she is a housewife. Laurent has extramarital affairs. Loli is unaware that her husband is unfaithful. Then one day, a campervan breaks down in front of their house. The driver is Marijo , a 40s-ish butch lesbian who works as a DJ. She asks to use their phone. Loli has a blocked sink, so in exchange for using the phone, Marijo gets Loli's drain back in working order. Loli and Marijo begin an affair. Laurent is upset, but then his friend Antoine  accidentally reveals Laurent's philandering to Loli. This seems to justify her romance. Marijo moves into the house. Antoine then suggests that Laurent let Loli have her way, cease all hostility, and wait for the affair to burn out. Laurent agrees, and the household becomes a seemingly idyllic ménage à trois. But his strategy has its effect, especially after another lesbian couple, old friends of Marijo, happen by. Laurent welcomes them, but Loli becomes annoyed and jealous. Marijo decides that the situation is not really going to work. She knows that Laurent wants her to leave. While Loli is away on a trip, Marijo makes a deal with Laurent. She will break up with Loli and leave immediately, if Laurent will give her something she has wanted for years: a baby. Laurent has sex with Marijo to get her pregnant, and Marijo departs before Loli returns. Laurent tells Loli nothing, as agreed with Marijo. Laurent and Loli settle back down to their old life, but their relationship has been deeply affected. Then Loli hears from a mutual acquaintance that Marijo is living in Paris and is several months pregnant. Loli is astonished and shocked. She insists that she and Laurent go to Paris and contact Marijo. They find her working as a DJ in a lesbian dance club. Their intrusion provokes a quarrel with the club owner, who fires Marijo. Loli and Laurent take her back to their home, where she has her baby. The ménage à trois is re-established, with the two mothers caring for their children. As a final twist, a handsome man  moves into the neighbourhood and he and Laurent gaze into each other's eyes..."] ['Charles Todd "Chuck" Levine and Lawrence Arthur "Larry" Valentine (Adam Sandler and [[Kevin James  are two veteran FDNY fire fighters. Chuck is a bachelor and womanizer and Larry is a widower who tries to raise his two children. During a routine sweep of a burned building, a segment of floor collapses and Chuck almost dies. Larry eventually rescues Chuck by shielding him from the falling debris. As he and Larry are awaken at a hospital later, Chuck vows to repay his debt in any way possible. The incident prompts Larry to realize the fact that death can come for him at any moment, but he has difficulties naming his children as primary beneficiaries in his life insurance policy. One of the ways suggested for him to do so is to get married. Inspired by a newspaper article about domestic partnerships, Larry asks Chuck to enter a civil union with him. Although at first Chuck declines, he is reminded of his debt to Larry and finally agrees. Chuck and Larry become domestic partners and Chuck becomes Larry\'s primary beneficiary in the event of his death. Soon, New York City investigators arrive to inquire about their partnership, suspecting fraud. Chuck and Larry decide to enlist the help of a lawyer, Alex McDonough , who suggests that they get married. Chuck and Larry then marry in Canada and move in together. At a gay benefit costume party, the partygoers are confronted by homophobic protestors, whose leader, a minister , calls Chuck a "faggot". Chuck punches him, causing the event to be published in a newspaper. With their apparent homosexuality and marriage revealed, the pair come under fire: Chuck and Larry are heckled, while their fellow FDNY firefighters refuse to work or even play basketball alongside the couple. Their only ally is Fred G. Duncan , an angry, intimidating firefighter who comes out to a very surprised Chuck. Larry\'s effeminate son Eric  is harassed in school by a homophobic bully - but he surprises everybody by easily winning the fight. During the ordeal, the previously homophobic pair come to understand what it is like to be persecuted, and become more accepting of homosexuality. Chuck becomes romantically interested in Alex after the two spend time together, but finds himself unable to get close to her because she thinks he is gay. Meanwhile, city agent Clinton Fitzer  arrives to investigate the couple. The strain on both Larry and Chuck leads to a verbal fight and also working different shifts, although there was a petition to have Chuck and Larry thrown out of the firehouse. This prompts Larry to confront the crew about their personal embarrassments on the job that Chuck and Larry helped them overcome. After this a call goes out and before they go on the call Larry even goes as far as to say: "Oh! A fire. I hope its not a big one because the faggot who\'s been saving your sorry asses thanks to you is on another shift". After Larry\'s shift is over, Chuck and Larry reconcile their differences. The marriage soon comes under fire, as numerous women provide testimonies as to having slept with Chuck in the recent past, and the couple is called into court to defend their marriage on charges of fraud. They are defended by Alex, and their fellow firefighters arrive in support, after they realize all Chuck and Larry done for them over the years, and how they were treating Chuck and Larry. Fitzer interrogates both men, who testify that they genuinely love each other . As his final demand, Fitzer asks for the pair to kiss to prove that their relationship is physical, but before they do so, they are interrupted by Captain Phineas J. Tucker , who finally reveals that their marriage is a sham and that they are both straight. Tucker attempts to save Chuck and Larry by claiming that he would have to be arrested as well, since he knew about the fakery, but failed to report it. This prompts the other firefighters to each claim a role in the wedding in a show of solidarity. Unfortunately, with these revelations, Chuck, Larry, and other firefighters are sent to jail, but they are quickly released after negotiating a deal to provide photos for an AIDS research benefit calendar. The deal including pleading guilty to fraud, which would reduce the charges to a misdemeanor. Two months later, Duncan and Alex\'s brother, Kevin  are married in Canada at the same chapel as Chuck and Larry were. At the wedding party, Larry finally moves on after the death of his wife and talks to a new woman, while Alex tentatively agrees to a dance with Chuck. The film ends when Lance Bass sings, and little Eric tap-dances.'] ['Scotty Palmer  is portrayed as a down on his luck con man who gets kicked out of his home. Scotty soon finds three older divorcees who have a lot of money, however they do not have a trait that Scotty possesses, moxie with women. They agree to let Scotty stay with them at their beach house, if he returns the favor by teaching them how to pick up women. Scotty shows them how to "dialog" women by giving them a dose of the old BBD . Along this journey, Scotty loses his playboy ways and falls in love with Kristi . Kristi, knowing Scotty\'s playboy past, puts up with his ups and downs early on in the movie but later insists that he change his ways. Scotty recognizes that Kristi is ultimately more important than the empty life he has led up until now and changes his ways.'] ['Cattle Call follow the three male protagonists as they hold a fake casting call in Hollywood for a fictional independent film entitled Perfect for Me with the hope of meeting women. Richie is looking for a relationship, while Sherman and Glenn are more interested in sex. After going on dates with the girls, they eventually chose three women to be in their \'film\' - Marina, Laurel and Nikita. When Marina checks Richie\'s computer to find a dating site called Perfect for Me, he feels guilty and reveals to her that the whole thing was set up for the three men to find women. She storms out of his house and meets up with the other two girls at the empty \'casting studio\'. It turns out that one of the other women isn\'t really an actress at all, and is investigating the three guys following complaints on the internet that the casting was a scam. The girls ask to have a first read through audition of the \'script\'  and then tell the guys that they want to make the script \'sexier\' and that they want to have lots of sex with the three producers to practice. The women set up a hotel room with cameras, and film Sherman and Glenn preparing to have sex with them - Richie refuses and leaves. They then send in two masculine women with whips and sex toys instead, and then the police burst in and arrest Sherman and Glenn. After a night in jail, the two go to court facing 10–15 years imprisonment and a fine of up to $250,000. The judge, Solomon Mendel, allows 24 hours for the defence to prepare evidence. Richie, stuck for ideas whilst watching a reality show Real Cops on TV, suddenly realises he can make a film from the footage of the casting that they have. He reaches the court the next morning just as a verdict has been announced, but the judge allows the evidence and finds Sherman and Glenn not guilty. In the final scenes before the credits, Richie apologises to Marina again and as her boyfriend departs he realises that she isn\'t leaving and they kiss. Three final quick closing scenes follow this. The first show Nikita running a casting call with men, in a project called Fresh Meat. The second shows Glenn working as the director on a Spanish-speaking set, pretending to speak Spanish to the production crew. The very final scene shows Sherman revealing to Richie that he is a sex addict; Richie doesn\'t believe it, and jokes that next Sherman will be starting a therapy group so he can meet female sex addicts. After a long pause Sherman replies "That\'s a great idea."'] ['John Henry "Jack" Armstrong  is a financially successful and upwardly mobile executive at a biotechnology firm who, following the suicide of a colleague, Dr. Herman Schiller, is falsely accused of securities fraud by his superior, Leland Powell . Armstrong\'s assets are frozen, and he finds himself unable to maintain his quality of life. In order to make ends meet, he becomes a sperm donor, initially by acquiescing to the desires of his former fiancée, Fatima Goodrich , who had come out as a lesbian, to have a child. Although there is still unresolved bitterness and tension between them over Armstrong and Goodrich\'s prior relationship, she and her girlfriend, Alex Guerrero , offer him a substantial sum of money to impregnate them both. This leads to Goodrich goading Armstrong into establishing a business in which groups of lesbians come over to his house and pay him $10,000 each to have sex with them in order to become pregnant. One of the women who Armstrong impregnates is the daughter of a mafia boss, Don Angelo Bonasera . Armstrong\'s employers learn of his impregnation business, and they use it in their campaign to sully his image in order to deflect attention from their own criminal business activities. Conflict is also depicted in the turbulent relationship between Armstrong\'s mother and his dependent diabetic father . At the film\'s climax, Armstrong\'s situation is portrayed as a cause célèbre, with protests being held in support of or against him, and the news media interviewing people on the street with respect to his sexual activities. Armstrong is called before a committee of the United States Senate investigating his alleged securities fraud, where both his services to lesbians and his relationship to the "Bonasera crime family" are raised. Armstrong\'s situation is compared, both by cutaway scenes and by direct reference in dialogue, to the plight of Frank Wills, the security guard who discovered the break-in that led to the Watergate scandal, which brought down President Nixon. He eventually wins the case and is seen with nineteen of the children he helped his lesbian acquaintances make at the end. By the end of the film, Armstrong and Goodrich have come to terms with their lingering feelings for one another, and with the mutual attraction they share for Guerrero. They then begin a three-way polyamorous relationship, and Armstrong apparently maintains a friendship with all of the eighteen women who became pregnant by him.'] ["Although he has had a relationship with her for five years now, David is too afraid to commit to his girlfriend Sarah, who is pressuring him into proposing to her. While she goes away to New York for work for two months, David's friends persuade him to experience the wild dating scene one more time."] ['{{plot}} It\'s the last day of summer at Camp Big-Tee-Pee, and all of the teenage campers are crazy with hormones and eager to go home. While on a nature walk with ditzy hippie camp counselor Michelle Farmer , Four students, Mitch The Self-Proclaimed \'Stud\' , his girlfriend Annie , fat kid Henry , and Danny The Nerd ([[John Flood  break off from the rest of the group to indulge in some cannabis. They take refuge in a nearby cave, only to be caught in the act by Michelle some time later. Unfortunately, while being shooed out, Henry\'s flatulence causes a landslide, trapping the five of them inside. To pass the time until their eventual rescue, the group decides to share the stories of the first time they each lost their virginity through flashbacks: Mitch shares his experience first: while hitchhiking one day, he\'s picked up by Lucy , an elegant prostitute, who invites him to come visit her in her fancy hotel room. Feeling nervous and inexperienced, he invites his ultra-cool yet dim-witted friend Jeff to give him pointers . However, upon meeting Lucy, Jeff tries  to seduce Lucy, almost injuring her in the process. When Mitch saves her and kicks Jeff out of the building, Lucy repays him with mind-blowing sex. Henry is forced to tell his story next. In preparation for a big Halloween party one year, he decides to dress as ghost; unfortunately, in addition to not being able to see out of the eye-holes, the costume looks identical to a Klan robe. Blinded, he accidentally stumbles upon a group of  African-American thugs  about to kill a young white woman. The thugs turn their attention to Henry, beat him senseless, and then run off . The girl , convinced Henry has just saved her life, instantly falls for him and the two make passionate love later that night next to a giant pile of donuts. Meanwhile, the camp\'s staff , for fear of a potentially expensive lawsuit, start to desperately search for the missing campers. In Annie\'s story, she discusses her first time, back when she was working on her family\'s farm. One night, she discovered an attractive drifter  who had broken into her house in search for food. Overwhelmed by her hormones, she ends up giving him a lot more than cookies in the back of the barn, much to the dismay of the sheep. Danny goes next: his flashback reveals that he was a pornography-addicted loser. While visiting the beach one day, he thinks he sees Playmate Sheila Kennedy smiling and winking at him, but quickly dismisses it as a mirage. Later that night, after being rejected from a double date with his brother, Danny returns to his room to find Kennedy waiting for him. While the two engage in lengthy foreplay, they\'re later joined by his brother\'s girlfriend, and they all participate in a threesome . Finally, Miss Farmer tells her story: back in high school, she was deeply in love with her psychotic nerd boyfriend Dwayne (Mark Torgl, who would go on to play Melvin Ferd in the original [[The Toxic Avenger . However, when Dwayne dumps her for another girl at the junior prom, she manages to suck up her pride and pick up two new boyfriends . The three of them proceed to have sex on a bowling alley lane. As more time passes and oxygen diminishes in the cave, the gang becomes convinced that they will all asphyxiate. In a moment of truth, everyone admits that their stories were false: they\'re all still virgins. Determined not to die as such, they all participate in an orgy. The symphony of thrusts and moans causes another landslide, thus opening the entrance of the cave and freeing everyone. As the group returns to camp, a narrator reveals the character\'s futures: Danny became a pornographic actor under the name "Dicky Long". Mitch became a priest and a staunch advocator of gay rights. Henry now works for the National Cheese Commissioners Board. After eight marriages, Annie had a nervous breakdown and became a vegetable. Miss Farmer runs the government\'s program for Wildlife Preservation .'] ["Brad, Steve, Hue, and Marvin are four get-nowhere boys who are forced into summer school, ending up at Cockswell Academy under the supervision of Principal Arsenault. The boys play a game where they earn points for every girl with which they score. On misadventures of their own, they decide to go for the ultimate 100-point score, Mona Lott, the new French teacher. But when they're unable to get a shot at her, they end up in the unforgiving clutches of the principal. After all is lost, they take one final chance during the school's anniversary celebration."] [' Following the death of his wife, a father of three sons  hires an attractive young housekeeper named Angela , and soon becomes engaged to her.{{cite web}} However, the one most obsessed with her is the middle son, the teenager Nino. He blackmails her into eventually tolerating his increasingly aggressive physical sexual harassments. It all culminates one night before she marries his father. During the night the electricity goes off. As his father and older brother are away, and with his younger brother asleep, Nino approaches his housekeeper with a flashlight and orders her to undress. She gives in after an initial physical protest, but runs away after finishing undressing. Nino chases her with the flashlight until he accidentally drops it. With the flashlight in her own hands, Angela decides it is time to turn the tables. She blinds Nino with the flashlight and when he tries to reach for it, she pins him to a nearby bed and has sex with him while rushing him to "Fotti! Fotti!" . With Nino finally losing control over her, she marries his father the following day and his father instructs Nino to refer to her as "Mamma" from then on.{{cite web}}'] ['The film starts out with the quote "Nothing can ever be truly, fully understood. Not even the most simple idea. Not even this." Bickford Shmeckler  is a lonely college student who keeps a journal known as "The Book" of his philosophical ideas and theories. One night during a loud toga party, his book is stolen by the inebriated and beautiful Sarah Witt  who briefly meets Bickford and is shown to be a kleptomaniac. Sarah becomes enamored with the writings, and experiences what she calls "braingasms". After showing The Book to her boyfriend Ralph, she rants about how she would love to meet the author. Later that night, Bickford discovers that the book is missing and begins to panic. By interrogating his roommates, Bickford quickly finds and meets Sarah while she is working at the school\'s art studio. She kisses him, and explains that his work inspired her to paint. They go to Ralph\'s dorm and discover that he threw the book out over his jealously that Sarah was so taken with Bickford\'s work. Sarah then breaks up with him after searching through the trash can the book was left in. Meanwhile, the owners of a comic book store read the book and fall in love with it, reprinting it, distributing free copies of it, and going as far as selling related merchandise. Eventually, Sarah and Bickford meet, and she tries to explain how meaningful his writings are. They learn of the free distribution of his book, and Bickford confronts the comic store owners. Even once his journal is back in his possession, Schmeckler must struggle with the book\'s newfound popularity, his relationship with Sarah, and the reasons he began developing the book in the first place. After their relationship develops, Bickford reveals to Sarah that he and his mother were in a massive car accident several years earlier that resulted in her death. Though the event was not his fault, he feels responsible.'] ['Molly , Val  and Gina  are graduating college, but on their final night, frustrations are aired. Molly is still looking for real love and Val is beginning to doubt if that is what she has found. Gina is too busy videotaping everything to really notice. When the final party at Pacifica College kicks off, things do not go exactly as planned.'] ['The sex-crazed teenagers of Angel Beach High School are back for the third and final time. They continue to be harassed by the gym teacher, Beulah Balbricker, who catches them watching porn in the school library. A plot to get even with her is mixed with a plan to humiliate Pee Wee: a letter is written to Ms. Balbricker arranging a rendezvous at a motel with an old boyfriend of hers, while Pee Wee is enticed to the same motel room by the promise of a night of passion with a beautiful Swedish exchange student. Tommy, who is not in on the Pee Wee plot, tricks Pee Wee into going to another location while he heads to the motel room. Ms. Balbricker arrives first followed by Tommy, and while the gang wait outside the darkened motel room , Tommy and Ms. Balbricker are horrified to find themselves unclothed and in bed with each other. Tommy barely manages to make it out of the room with his life , but Ms. Balbricker is utterly crushed and humiliated. To make up for their prank on Balbricker, the gang contact her old boyfriend and actually get them together. During the semi-final basketball game, the cheerleaders promise them an orgy if they win. The boys are highly motivated at this point and win the game. After the game, the boys are led to one of the girls homes, and everyone strips down to their underwear and jumps in a swimming pool. In the pool, the girls throw their underwear out of the pool. The guys do likewise, and swim toward the girls. Soon, but too late, they realize the girls are clothed after all and wind up parading nude before the clothed girls and a video camera. A few minutes later, the parents return home and the boys are forced to flee. Porky has returned and is back for vengeance; he now owns a riverboat with a gambling casino. According to Brian, Porky is extorting money from Coach Goodenough because he owes money to him. The gang decide to go to the boat to take pictures of the illegal casino to give to the D.A. During this time, Meat runs into Porky\'s sex-crazed daughter who forces herself on him. The boys\' plan fails because Porky catches them in the act and is about to kill them. But when they mention the State Championship game, Porky realizes that the gang could help him out by throwing the game so he can bet against them. They agree to throw the game, but later on change their minds. Meanwhile, Meat has a problem with cutting up dead animals, which raises the ire of the biology teacher Miss Webster, who is now determined to see Meat fail . The gang goes to her apartment to get a copy of the final exam. They discover Miss Webster and the School Guidance Counselor having rather kinky extramarital relations. They successfully take photos for blackmail purposes. During the final game, Meat is benched because Miss Webster intentionally failed him, resulting in a dismal performance in the first-half. Miss Webster discovers the blackmail photos and a note, causing her to change her mind. The second half of the game has Meat playing his heart out, resulting in a victory for Angel Beach. Porky is outraged. His daughter, Blossom, tells him that Meat is her boyfriend and they "went all the way". Porky orders his men to make sure Meat and her get married. During the senior prom, Meat is abducted by Porky and his men. The gang decide that this is the last straw and go after them. Just as the wedding is about to start, the power goes out and Meat is liberated by Billy and Brian. Tommy and Wendy distract the drawbridge man while Pee-Wee takes over the bridge controls raising the bridge. Meanwhile Porky\'s boat is chasing the guys in their rowboat and they are headed for the bridge. After the rowboat gets through, Pee Wee lowers the bridge, resulting in the destruction of Porky\'s casino boat. At graduation, the guys trick Pee Wee into taking off all his clothes, except the graduation gown. As he\'s about to get his diploma, Principal Carter steps on the gown, causing it to come off and reveal Pee Wee in his nudity, just as he dreamed at the beginning of the film.'] ['Johnny Depp and Rob Morrow star as Jack and Ben, respectively, teen buddies who are on the sexual prowl for beautiful, wealthy girls at a posh Miami resort where they are weekend guests. Also on the prowl is The Maestro, Hector Elizondo, a skilled jewel thief who is pursuing the diamond necklace of society woman Amanda Rawlings . When they accidentally run afoul of the Maestro, Ben and Jack suddenly have their hands full. Private Resort was the third in a series of comic teen sex romps from producer R. Ben Efraim, each of which had the word Private in the title.'] ["A group of New Jersey women, upset over their boyfriends' tendency to pay more attention to softball then their love lives, decide to beat them at their own game...literally. The girls form their own softball team and challenge the men to a match out on the field. The men initially scoff at the idea, but soon grow nervous when they worry that they'll lose face if they refuse to play."] ['Erik Stifler ([[John White  has a difficult time living up to his family name. He is Steve and Matt Stifler\'s cousin. He is perhaps the only Stifler about to graduate from high school as a virgin. The film opens with Erik feigning illness so that he can stay home and masturbate. Unfortunately, just as he is about to ejaculate, his parents and grandmother unexpectedly walk into the door and are hit with Erik\'s semen, after which his grandmother dies of a heart attack. Erik\'s dad later surmises that, as a Stifler, his son should be out having sex instead of masturbating. Erik\'s girlfriend of two years, Tracy , loves him, but is not ready for intercourse. Tracy decides to have sex, their first attempt goes horribly wrong, and she backs out of trying again. Erik\'s friends Cooze  and Ryan ([[Ross Thomas  plan a road trip to visit Erik\'s cousin Dwight Stifler  in Michigan during an event known as the Naked Mile. Tracy sees this as an opportunity to give Erik a "guilt free weekend pass," hoping that he can quench his lust and get sex out of his system since she is not ready. As soon as Erik and his friends arrive on campus, they witness an over-the-top drinking contest where Dwight is crowned a campus champion. Later, they lose a rough game of football against a bitter rival fraternity composed almost entirely of midgets, and end up in a brawl with those same midgets on several occasions. The first night when the guys are at a college bar, Erik meets a college girl named Brandi who has a fetish for virgin boys, prompting Ryan and Cooze to make a bet with each other that Erik won\'t sleep with Brandi and will remain a virgin. At the same time, Ryan and Cooze end up getting turned down by a couple girls they met at the bar, Jill and Alexis, who are taken by a couple of the midgets. The following morning, Dwight gets jumped by the midget fraternity in disguise while walking down the street, landing him in the hospital. Dwight tells the guys he probably won\'t make it to the Naked Mile, but yet still manages to make it right in time. Right away, he joins up with Erik, Ryan and Cooze, who are at first reluctant to run, but when Brandi, Jill and Alexis show up to run with the guys, they\'re finally prompted to strip down and run with the girls, and end up having a great time. Finally as Erik and Brandi reach the finish line, they steal a kiss, which is then caught on camera for a news report on TV. Watching the news report about the Naked Mile back at home, Tracy is upset and feels guilty that she allowed Erik the free pass. Her friends convince her to also lose her virginity before he gets back. Later that evening, Erik realizes that he loves Tracy, confesses to Brandi that he can\'t sleep with her and rushes back to see his girlfriend. When he gets to her house, Tracy\'s dad says she is at a party and Erik arrives at the party just as Tracy has headed upstairs, presumably to lose her virginity to her ex-boyfriend. Erik loudly pounds on the closed bedroom door, proclaiming his love for her. However, Tracy was not in the room because she had decided that she could not go through with her plans. The two decide that they should be each others\' first, and they make love. When Erik returns to the Beta house to pick up his friends the next morning, each boy shares stories of his experiences from the night before. The guys then ask Erik if he "sealed the deal" with Brandi that night, and Erik tells them no, prompting Ryan and Cooze to pay up on their bet, until Erik tells them about his adventure back home to make up to Tracy and finally lose his virginity. The guys are now proud of Erik for officially living up to the Stifler family name, and the three friends finally drive back to East Great Falls. During the post-Naked Mile party, Dwight spots Vicky , the girlfriend of Rock , the leader of the midget fraternity, and the two of them head up to Dwight\'s room to have sex. Later, as the film closes, Dwight sent a DVD to Rock that reads, "Payback\'s a bitch." It reveals both Dwight and Vicky having sex, as Rock yells out, "Stifler!" As it turns out, Dwight and Vicky start dating, and they end up traveling the world together, as various postcard pictures show their many journeys together during the end credits roll.'] ["{{Plot}} Roderick Blank  is a young man with a great job as an executive for 'Swallows', a high end fast food restaurant chain, and a beautiful fiancée, Fiona Wormwood . On the day of his bachelor party, he is e-mailed a list of all the women he has slept with. Strangely, while the list has 101 names, his fiancée is only number 29. He assumes the list is a prank, courtesy of his best friends Zack  and Lester  - until he meets number 30, Carlotta Valdez, who is the stripper at his bachelor party. After sleeping with Carlotta, he realizes that the list includes all his sexual encounters, past, present and future. Roderick cancels his upcoming wedding and begins to bed all the people on the list, including a centrefold's leprosy ridden grandmother, a Swallows drive-thru girl, a flight attendant, a reality TV lesbian power couple and a self-help guru. Although he makes a connection with some of these women, he is unable to settle down until he has crossed all names off the list. His friends become concerned for his mental well being and convince him to bury the list. He falls for Lester's charming and quirky veterinarian , only to learn that she does not return his feelings. After her untimely death, he digs up the list and continues his mission. Throughout all this, a female vigilante, nicknamed Death Nell , has been taking revenge on men who have committed sexual crimes. Death Nell seduces these men and then uses various techniques to induce a permanent coma, leaving behind a line of feminist poetry spray painted on the wall. Roderick learns that his list was generated by a quantum-mechanical computer called the Oracle, and that the agency in charge of the Oracle are also trying to track Death Nell down. Roderick's precarious mental state is compromised when he learns that the last name on his list, Gillian de Raisx, is in fact the notorious Death Nell. With twenty more names left on the list, he decides to abandon it altogether and takes up various hobbies to keep him from giving in to temptation. After an accident during a bike ride, he is found by a group of female students from a Catholic college who believe that he has been sent to deflower them. Roderick is unable to resist and catapults himself from number 82 to number 100 in the space of an afternoon. Knowing that Death Nell is the last person on his list  Roderick tries to change his destiny, first by becoming a shut in, and then by tracking down another Gillian de Raisx in Sydney, Australia. But when he learns that the Agency are close to catching Death Nell, he has a sudden change of heart. Guilt-stricken over his treatment of his previous conquests, he decides to face the consequences. Roderick and Gillian meet in a diner, where they share a meal and conversation. Gillian reveals that she was a Poetry/Chemistry student who married young and was forced to perform degrading sexual favors with her husband, who also physically abused her. After his death, which was inadvertently caused by Gillian, she realized that she could dish out similar punishments to other men who treated women badly. At the end of the conversation, she reveals that she is exhausted from the whole ordeal and unsure if she still has the conviction to continue. Roderick and Gillian agree to take the sedatives together. After spending the night together, they take the pills and fall into bed with 'The End' spray painted on the wall behind them. The epilogue reveals that Roderick and Gillian survived the pills—they married and had a child. Death Nell's comatose victims are revived and a brief scene at the Agency suggests that Roderick and Gillian's union was fated."] ['Six friends come together to try to find fame and fortune by making the world’s most innocent adult movie ever made. Although they have literally no idea what they’re doing, they keep at it and are determined to accomplish their goal...no matter what gets in the way. After the clueless crew ultimately does make a porno, they screen it for the first time at the local bar. The brother of a girl whose scene ultimately was not used sees her featured briefly while looking through the bar window; he angrily barges in takes the reel off the projector, covers it in whiskey and sets it aflame. It is revealed that this was the only print they had, all their work was now destroyed. However, the cinematographer had been taping the entire production process on mini DV tapes. He then edits these down into a completely innocent documentary about the trials and tribulations of making  their porn film. The movie he cuts together from the DV tapes is the actual film "The Amateurs" itself. "The Amateurs" becomes a hit within the independent film community, which brings fame and fortune to the group.'] ['Troy "Slam" Slamsky is a viral video guru who is a huge hit on Mespacetube.com. His nagging girlfriend Miranda wants him to take his skills and growing fan base into the real world and get a job in advertising. She is tired of living in their less than modest apartment, and sees Slam\'s talent as the ticket out. Slam is only interested in making his short movies, getting stoned with his best friend Harlan "Harley" Lovecraft, and someday visiting Cleveland. After a series of disagreements and the discovery that Miranda is two-timing Slam with rich snob Tyler, Slam is suddenly on his own. He soon encounters the gorgeous Erica. She is a huge fan of Slam and his work. It isn\'t long before the two are an item. She connects him with her uncle, Johnny Scarano, a gentleman\'s club owner with mob ties. Slam and Harley go on a full-fledged commercial shooting spree hyping Scarano\'s club. Slam is suddenly in the money and very much in love with Erica. Slam\'s produced videos, as well as the ones playing in his mind, are revealed in comedy sketches that are interjected throughout the film.'] ['Fourplay follows the romantically entwined lives of a TV writer, producer, actress and makeup artist. Ben Greene  is an American comic writer who comes to Britain to write for a show, "Telford Gate". The star of the show, Carly Matthews-Portland  is married to the producer, Allan . Carly decides to help Greene, by setting him up on a date with a French makeup artist, Fiona Delgrazia . As the movie progresses, the lives of the couples get more entwined and they each decide if they are in the right relationship or not.'] ['Dorky Andy , flamboyant Nico , jock Jarod , and nerdy Griff  reunite in Fort Lauderdale for spring break. The plot revolves around a contest -- "Gays Gone Wild!" -- to see who can have sex with the most guys during the duration of spring break. The winner will be crowned "Miss Gay Gone Wild". While Andy seems to have no problem getting men to have sex with him, Nico hasn\'t been attracting men at all, which prompts a frequent fantasy sequence involving a merman . Andy is troubled, however, when he falls hard for Luis , a charmingly handsome yet innocent virgin. Jarod and Griff are also meeting a problem, as they now are a couple, and are conflicted over whether or not to enter the contest themselves. Meanwhile, a shallow trio by the name of Jasper  seem to be very anxious to win the contest by any means. In a subplot, the guys meet Perez Hilton on an airplane and Hilton pursues a young priest to the bathroom, he hits his head, turning him into a religious zealot trying to dispel the gay activities going on; he is later hit in the head again and changes back.'] ['Holden McNeil  and Banky Edwards ([[Jason Lee  are comic book artists and lifelong friends. Holden is the calmer, more reasonable of the duo; Banky, meanwhile, is the caustic and short-tempered half. Everything is going well for them until they meet Alyssa Jones  at a comic book convention in New York where they are promoting their comic Bluntman and Chronic. Holden is attracted to Alyssa, but soon learns that she is attracted to women. The two begin hanging out, and a deep friendship develops. Eventually, Holden is no longer able to contain his feelings, and confesses his love to Alyssa. She is initially angry with him, but that night, the two begin a romantic relationship. This new development worsens the tension between Holden and Banky, who dislikes and distrusts Alyssa and is bothered by her and Holden\'s relationship. Banky investigates and uncovers dirt on Alyssa\'s past, and he reports to Holden that Alyssa participated in a threesome with two guys during high school, which gave her the nickname "Finger Cuffs". Holden is deeply disturbed by this revelation, having believed that he is the first man Alyssa had ever slept with. He angrily confronts Alyssa while attending a hockey game, after he clumsily attempts baiting her into confessing. During a tearful argument, she tells Holden about her "many" youthful sexual experimentations. She apologizes for letting him believe that he was the only man she had been with. However, she refuses to apologize for her past, and Holden leaves feeling angry and confused. Later, during lunch with Jay and Silent Bob , Silent Bob reveals that he was once in a relationship similar to Holden\'s. Despite the fact that he was in love with his girlfriend, Amy, his insecurities about her adventurous sexual past caused him to sabotage the relationship and leave her. Angry at himself for letting her go, he has "spent every day since then chasing Amy, so to speak." Inspired by Silent Bob\'s story, Holden devises a plan to fix both his relationship with Alyssa and his fractured friendship with Banky. He invites them both over and tells Alyssa that he would like to get over her past and remain her boyfriend. He also tells Banky that he realizes that Banky is in love with him—kissing him passionately to prove the point. Holden suggests a threesome. Though initially appalled, Banky agrees to participate, whereas Alyssa explains to Holden that it will not save their relationship. Before leaving, she states that she loves him, but she will not be his whore. Banky also leaves the apartment, and summarily ends their friendship. One year later, both Banky and Holden are busy promoting their own respective comics at a convention in New York. It is revealed that Holden has dissolved their partnership over Bluntman and Chronic, leaving the viewer with the assumption that he sold the publishing and creative rights over to Banky . Banky smiles sadly at seeing his old friend, who silently congratulates him for his success. Banky gestures over to a booth hosted by Alyssa, and provides wordless encouragement to Holden to go talk to her. He has a brief, quietly emotional conversation with Alyssa, and gives her a copy of Chasing Amy, his new comic based on their failed relationship. After Holden leaves, Alyssa\'s new girlfriend  arrives and asks who she was talking to. A shaken misty-eyed Alyssa feigns indifference and replies, "Oh, just some guy I knew."'] ['{{plot}} Ambitious Westport High School senior Matthew Kidman  dreams of a career in politics. He has been accepted to the prestigious Georgetown University, but will only be able to afford it if he can win a large scholarship. With graduation approaching, he struggles to find anything truly memorable about his high school experience which is quite hard due to his social staus. However, his luck changes when he meets his beautiful next door neighbor Danielle . The outlandish Danielle and the steady Matthew each turn out to be the perfect complement for the other, and they are immediately smitten with one another. However, the relationship is challenged when Matthew discovers through his porn-enthusiast friend, Eli , that Danielle recently was an adult film actress under the stage name "Athena". Following Eli\'s advice on how to deal with this incredible revelation, Matthew takes Danielle to a sleazy motel. Danielle guesses that Matthew has discovered her past and punishes him by performing a striptease and offering herself to him. When Matthew becomes distressed and asks why she is degrading herself, Danielle calls him out on his base intentions and abruptly ends the relationship. Matthew goes to Danielle\'s house the following day and attempts to reconcile with her, but learns that she is returning to the porn industry, and is leaving for Las Vegas with her ex-colleague , a porn producer named Kelly . Matthew, riddled with guilt, follows Danielle to Las Vegas to find her at an adult film convention where Kelly menacingly warns Matthew not to interfere with his business. When Matthew convinces Danielle not to rejoin the industry, Kelly abducts Matthew from school and physically assaults him, saying that Danielle\'s failure to arrive on set has cost him $30,000. Kelly offers to let Matthew erase the debt by breaking into rival producer Hugo Posh \'s home to steal an award statuette, but after Matthew has entered the house Kelly quietly calls in a robbery report and leaves the premises. Caught by Posh, Matthew narrowly avoids the police and rushes to his scholarship award dinner. Accidentally high on ecstasy that Kelly had told him was aspirin, he improvises a deeply sentimental speech but loses out on the scholarship - to a student who strongly resembles the passionless, pre-Danielle version of Matthew. Kelly gets his money back by stealing the $25,000 Matthew raised to bring Samnang, a brilliant Cambodian student, to study in the United States. Not wanting to explain his connections to the adult film industry, Matthew had previously introduced Kelly to the bank staff as his student advisor. Although Matthew has not committed a crime, he still fears that he will face expulsion or criminal charges for his unwitting role in the fraud, and he reluctantly turns to Danielle for help. Danielle calls in a few friends from her days as a porn star, and they agree to make a video for Hugo Posh on prom night, on school grounds, and using Matthew\'s classmates as actors. After the successful shoot, and after Eli has been dropped off with the tape\'s master copy, Danielle and Matthew have sex for the first time in their limousine. Despite Danielle\'s past, it is the first time she has truly made love, and the moment is tender and significant for each of them. The next morning Matthew is shocked to find Kelly, holding the tape he has stolen from Eli\'s home, seated with his parents and school principal at the dining room table. Kelly asks to speak privately with Matthew and says that unless he is given half of all profits, he will play the tape immediately. Matthew, following Danielle\'s repeated advice to "just go with it", refuses because the money he will earn for the tape rightfully belongs to Samnang. Kelly repeats his threat, but Matthew stands up for himself and dares him to show the tape, stating that he no longer cares about his now-ruined future. As the tape begins to play, it becomes clear that Matthew and his friends have made a progressive, comprehensive sex education tape rather than a pornographic film. With no more cards left to play, Kelly finally and grudgingly admits defeat but smiles at Matthew\'s initiative. Hugo Posh and Matthew make millions from the video. Hugo Posh keeps his word and pays for Samnang to come to the USA, while Matthew has enough money to attend Georgetown and take Danielle to DC with him. Matthew sends Kelly a box of Cuban cigars, which he happily accepts. The final scene shows Matthew driving into Georgetown University in a BMW Z4. Matthew\'s story ends with him getting the girl of his dreams and a chance at the future he has always wanted.'] ["Ramón is a sexually active gay man with men coming and going from his bedroom. His best friend Esperanza is a single woman who can't seem to meet or like any men unless they are gay. Some would call Esperanza a fag hag, but she simply has great taste in men, she likes them gay! They go out together to the bars and Ramon always brings a man home while Esperanza goes home to an empty bed. She doesn't mind because she knows that she has Ramón's heart. That is until Ramón meets her fellow teacher, Roberto. Their relationship endangers the precious bond these two have formed. This colorful and somewhat hyper-active film is in the style of Almodóvar. There's always plenty of on-screen action, dialogue and color to keep the eyes and ears happy. It's a tender and intimate peek into the lives of two people that one seldom sees on screen. It seems as if Madrid is teeming with gorgeous gay men, after seeing Amor de Hombre it should be a stop in every gay man's life."] ["Ford Coleman  is a young actor trying to start his career in Los Angeles. His friend Tripp  has already given up making it in the music business, and now takes drugs and lives off of Ford. When Ford's money runs out, Tripp comes up with the idea of selling drugs to supermodels to make money, and Ford goes along so they won't be evicted, and he can keep taking acting classes from James Comey  with the girl of his dreams, Gwen"] ['{{Plot}} The film begins in Hudson, Ohio, where Scotty "Scott" Thomas  is dumped by his girlfriend, Fiona  at his high school graduation. Later that evening, Scott and his best friend, Cooper Harris , attend a graduation party and learn that Fiona has been sleeping with Donny , the lead singer of a college band, and are treated to a performance of the film\'s main theme song "Scotty Doesn\'t Know", that crudely details the affair. Drunk and angry, Scott return home and receives an e-mail reply from his German pen pal, Mieke , whom he believes to be a guy thinking her name is pronounced as "Mike". Mieke feels sorry for all that has happened and wants to arrange a meeting in order to make Scott feel better. Thinking of a comment Cooper said earlier about the Internet being full of predatory homosexuals, Scott emails Mieke to stay away from him. However, Scott\'s younger brother, Bert  explains that "Mieke" in German is not "Mike," but actually similar to "Michelle" in English. Realizing his mistake and that he has feelings for Mieke, Scott attempts desperately to contact her again, only to find out that Mieke has unexpectedly blocked his address. Pushed by Cooper to search for Mieke, Scott resolves to travel to Europe with Cooper to fix the situation and apologize to Mieke face-to-face. Scott and Cooper travel as couriers to London, where they end up befriending the members of a Manchester United football hooligan firm, led by Mad Maynard  after accidentally stumbling upon their pub and escaping a fight by claiming to be members of a Manchester United fan club from Ohio. After a wild night of drinking, Scott and Cooper wake up on a double-decker bus on their way to Paris for a Manchester United game, where they eventually meet up with their fraternal twin friends, Jenny and Jamie , who are touring Europe together. Jenny and Jamie decide to accompany Scott and Cooper to Berlin to find Mieke, and plans to visit other parts of Europe together, since this will be the last summer the four of them will spend together before going off to college. Following a long train ride with a creepy Italian man  attempting to grope Jamie, the group ends up in the fictional French town of Crans Sur Mer, famous for its nude beach. However, they leave immediately after realizing that women go to another nearby nude beach because perverted men flock to the beach to either grope or stare at the females. In Amsterdam, Cooper heads to Club Vandersexxx, which is actually a brutal BDSM club where he is subjected to sadistic torture because he cannot pronounce the "safe word." Meanwhile, Scott and Jenny go to a café and eat what they believe to be hash brownies and proceed to "freak out," only to be told that they are normal brownies. While Jamie is at a camera store seeking to have his prized Leica M7 camera cleaned, the female shopkeeper takes him to the alley to engage in oral sex. While there, Jamie is robbed of his traveller\'s fanny pack by a mugger . With no choice but to hitchhike to Berlin, they manage to get a truck driver to pull over. However, he does not speak English, and Scott, saying that he speaks some German, crudely asks the driver if he can take them to Berlin. The driver mentions Berlin in his reply numerous times, but he is actually saying he is going nowhere near Berlin, as he is wanted there for stabbing a woman and assaulting a horse. The group ultimately end up in Bratislava, where they are horrified by the desolation of Eastern Europe in the aftermath of the Cold War. They talk to a Slovak man named Tibor , who loves 1980s American pop culture. Deciding to have some fun, the group goes to a nightclub owned by a man named Kristoff , whom Jenny met at the railway station in Paris earlier. Jenny is attracted to Kristoff, until she discovers that he is married and bisexual. Jenny then downs half a bottle of absinthe that the boys have been drinking. Jenny and Jamie, both drunk on absinthe, make out with each other and are horrified when they realize what they are doing. The next day, Tibor finally drives them to Berlin, where Mieke\'s father informs Scott and Cooper that his daughter has gone with a tour group for the summer and will only be reachable in Rome for a short time. In order to afford flight tickets to Rome to find Mieke, Jamie sells his precious Leica camera. In Rome, the four friends head to Vatican City, where Mieke will tour before she leaves. However, the group are unable to get inside the Vatican to follow Mieke, but in the end, they finally get inside the Vatican after Jamie manage to convince the Swiss Guards that he is a tour guide. Once inside the Vatican, Jamie is asked to replace one of the tour guides who called in sick. Meanwhile, Cooper unknowingly rings the bell of Saint Marco and sets a Papal mitre on fire. Throwing it onto the fireplace, it lights up in white smoke over the Vatican, making everyone realize that the old pope has died and that a new pope has been elected. Attempting to escape, Scott gets tangled in a golden curtain and ends up stumbles out on the balcony, where he is presumed to be the new pope. Spotting Mieke, Scott jumps down a banister to meet up with her. Although the Swiss Guards realize what is going on and attempt to stop Scott and Cooper, the football hooligans from London eventually shows up at the Vatican and rescue Scott and Cooper. Scott finally introduces himself to Mieke in person and confesses his love for her. After having passionate sex in a confessional, Mieke tells Scott to continue writing to her before she boards her boat. A man whom Jamie took on a tour of the Vatican turns out to be Arthur Frommer , author of the guidebook Jamie has memorized. Frommer hires Jamie to tour every museum and cathedral across Europe. Scott, Cooper, and Jenny finally board their flight back to Ohio. On the plane, Jenny entices Cooper to have sex with her in one of the plane\'s toilets, finally realizing his dream of "crazy European sex". The film ends when Scott moves to Oberlin College in the fall and is surprised when Mieke prematurely shows up at his room. Mieke says that, due to another misunderstanding about her name, she is his roommate, and Scott and Mieke embrace each other.'] ['The Party Animal is a documentary-style comedy about a sex-starved man, Pondo Sinatra, a 26-year-old college student whom everyone agrees is doomed to die a virgin. Desperate to break what seems to be a cosmic curse, he tries ever more bizarre schemes to seduce one the sexy, scantily-clad women who seem to be everywhere, taunting him and enjoying his misery. Despite his best efforts, however, he is rejected everywhere, even at the local cathouse. When Pondo threatens to kill himself, Studley, his ladykilling best friend, tries to help him in his quest to "get him a little", as does Studley\'s mentor, a wise old janitor named Elbow. The attempts include: a Cyrano de Bergerac-type seduction whereby Studley tells Pondo what to say to a girl via a remote microphone; sending Pondo to buy elegant new clothes ; taking massive quantities of drugs because "girls love drugs"; and using the world\'s biggest vibrater, the Moby-M5 . After one of these dating debacles, Pondo frightens Studley by shouting: I\'D SELL MY SOUL FOR A PIECE OF ASS! A nearby goddess  &ndash; a mysterious woman who has been observing Pondo\'s struggles for some time &ndash; hears his cry and cryptically acknowledges it. Some time afterward, Pondo accidentally creates a chemical compound that makes him irresistible to women. At first he revels in his new "party animal" prowess; later, exhausted and terrified, he takes to barricading himself in his room to escape the mobs of horny women who pursue him everywhere. "I have been greedy," he confesses despairingly to Studley; "I am like King Midas; everything I touch turns to poontang!" He later creeps out, full of fear, to wash his clothes, and is killed by a group of fat middle-aged women who jump him at the laundromat.'] ['This in-name-only sequel to the first Meatballs summer camp movie sets us at Camp Sasquatch and revolves around two main plots. The owner of Sasquatch, Giddy, tries to keep his camp open after Hershey, the owner of Camp Patton located just across the lake, wants to buy the entire lake area for Camp Patton. Giddy suggests settling the issue with the traditional end-of-the-summer boxing match over rights to the lake. A tough, inner city punk named Flash is at Camp Sasquatch for community service as a counselor-in-training. Flash is recruited to box in order to save Sasquatch. The second main subplot involves Cheryl. She is a naive teen whom Flash sets his sights on. Cheryl\'s teenage girl co-campers arrange for Cheryl to see a man naked after she confesses she\'s never seen a "pinky." Also in the movie, an alien is also staying at the camp for the summer.'] ['Erotic Ghost Story revolves around three fairies  who have attained human form. Upon helping a hapless scholar, the trio begin to have lustful thoughts about him. This soon leads to many erotic romps and the eventual discovery that he is a dangerous demon.'] ['The film starts with Jim  ending his first year at college. Jim begins to have sex with one of his college friends as "friendly goodbye sex" when he reveals that this is his "first time since his first time". After appearing extremely clueless in front of the girl, it is revealed that Jim\'s Dad  plans to surprise his son with a six pack of beer when he goes to pick him up from school. Jim\'s Dad has the RA unlock the door and he inadvertently walks in on them. Instead of leaving, Jim\'s Dad begins to try and rationalize the moment by declaring that it is perfectly natural when the young girl\'s parents and Jim\'s Mom walk in as well. After this, Jim, Kevin , Oz ([[Chris Klein  and Finch  return to their hometown in East Great Falls, Michigan for the summer break after their first year of college. They attend a party hosted by Stifler , the oversexed college clown, but not only does their new status as college students not give them any success with local girls, the police shut down the party. Kevin also has problems when he meets Vicky  after their year away from each other; Vicky wants to be friends and Kevin is awkwardly positioned wanting her back, but worried he will lose her completely. Desperate, he calls his brother  for advice, who tells him to move down to the beach and party hard. Together, they set off for a rented house by the beach in Grand Harbor, Michigan, where they intend to spend the whole summer, but Kevin is forced to invite Stifler along as well in order to successfully cover the costs. After arriving in Grand Harbor, Kevin finds them work as painters and decorators for a house nearby. Stifler is intrigued by the two sexy female owners , who appear to be lesbians, and excitedly breaks into their house while they\'re away. Jim and Finch follow him, trying to get him out, but they are caught by the girls, who relent on calling the police. But after Stifler identifies his interest in their sexuality, they insist on the boys performing "like for like" homosexual acts on each other in return for being able to watch the girls do the same thing. Oz and Kevin take turns watching up a ladder and listening on the walkie-talkie also in the room. The conversation is accidentally picked up and heard by many other people in the neighborhood . Following this, the boys plan to throw a huge summer party at the house, bigger than anything they\'ve done before. Many concurrent stories run at the same time in the run-up to the party. Nadia , Jim\'s fling from senior year, is traveling the United States and is dropping by to attend the beach party. Jim asks for sexual help and advice from band geek Michelle Flaherty , his senior-year prom date, who is busy at band camp. While masquerading as a band camp member, the team leaders mistake him for Petey, a mentally-challenged trombone player, and usher him onto the stage in front of an impatient crowd. He proceeds to completely embarrass himself and the band members in front of the whole crowd. Later at night, Jim decides to turn on a porn film that Stifler rented, but accidentally uses superglue instead of lubricant to masturbate, permanently gluing his entire hand to his penis and boxer shorts. Exasperated and anxious, he takes out the porn cassette but ends up bonding the cassette to his other hand. Unable to open any doors, he climbs out of a window and stumbles onto the rooftop where he is seen by a nosy neighbor and subsequently caught by confused police officers. He is supported at the hospital by his father, where he learns the news that he won\'t be able to have sex for at least a whole week, the same amount of time before the party is due to occur. However, to Jim\'s horror, Nadia turns up early, having got bored of sightseeing. Jim\'s penis is still badly injured, so he pretends to be in a relationship with Michelle to put Nadia off. Jim and Michelle break the relationship off once he is ready to have sex with Nadia, but Michelle is saddened by it, having developed genuine feelings for Jim. Meanwhile, Oz is lonely and missing his girlfriend Heather  who is away in Spain. They start having erotic phone sex to vent some of their frustration, but keep getting interrupted, first when Oz gets a wrong number call from a guy who barely understands English, and then when Stifler intervenes by amusing Heather, at which point they both decide to hang up. Finch has become involved in the sexual art of Tantra , and claims that through Tantric sex, he can "make an orgasm last for days". He is waiting patiently for Stifler\'s mom , who slept with him at the end of the first film, hoping she will show up and be willing to do it again. He thinks she is arriving when a vehicle turns up after Stifler is talking on the phone, but it turns out to be Stifler\'s little brother Matt , the star of later films. He spends the party night obnoxiously attempting to chat up and seduce a few girls, but he does not sleep with any of them. Finally, the party begins at the beach house. Kevin sees Vicky but is crushed when he sees her with a new boyfriend and leaves to go to the beach by himself. Oz, Finch, and Jim follow him down, where he confides in them that he never got over Vicky and that with the party, he was hoping to relive his senior year prom night, in particular, sleeping with Vicky at the end of it. The others help Kevin realize that it will never happen, and the quartet return to the beach house to party hard. Heather turns up to Oz\'s delight, and Stifler goes on to have a threesome with the beautiful neighbors who turn out not to be lesbians after all. Jim takes a walk along the beach with Nadia, who takes him to a lighthouse on the pier, but Jim calls it off early, revealing that he has fallen for Michelle. Nadia is disappointed that Jim chose a geek over her, but is happy for Jim and allows him to go and find Michelle, performing at band camp. He gatecrashes the performance with a trombone, just like he did before, but with much more confidence and aggression, and romantically makes out with Michelle in front of a heartwarmed crowd. Meanwhile, the geeky Sherman ([[Chris Owen  mulls around at the party in a depressed mood, having abandoned his "Sherminator" mantra from the first film due to his abject failure with girls and being made fun of by Jessica . By chance, he begins talking to the rejected Nadia, who is also depressed, and the two hit it off almost instantly. Nadia encourages Sherman to become the Sherminator once more, displaying a desire/fetish for geeks, and excitedly drags him into an upstairs bedroom where Sherman finally loses his virginity, to the shock of Stifler. Then the couples are shown to be sleeping. First Oz along with Heather, then Jim with Michelle  and finally Stifler lying in the bed with two girls, where he starts to weep with happiness at his achievement. The morning after the party, a Mercedes-Benz C215 with tinted windows turns up at the house. Finch approaches to see Stifler\'s mom  who has finally turned up. It does not take long before Finch gets into the car and drives off to the lakeside to have hard sex with her, leaving Jim, Kevin and Oz to cover for him with Stifler. In spite of Finch having learned that her name is Jeanine, rather than use it she encourages him to call her "Stifler\'s Mom" when he reaches orgasm.'] ['Ian Lafferty is a shy 18-year-old high school graduate as well as a virgin, and jealous of the success his best friend Lance Johnson enjoys with women. He is secretly in love with his other childhood friend Felicia Alpine, who believes their relationship to be platonic. He chats online with "Ms. Tasty" to practice appearing confident to women, and eventually agrees to meet her in person in Knoxville, Tennessee. Since he lives in Brookfield, Illinois, he steals the extra key to a 1969 Pontiac GTO Judge belonging to his homophobic older brother Rex, and heads out with Lance. When Felicia accompanies them as well, Ian claims that he intends to visit his sick grandmother. Along the way they endure mishaps, hostile encounters with hitchhikers and state troopers, as well as friendly and even erotic encounters with a group of young Amish engaging in rumspringa . Ian\'s brother pursues them, and the encounter with Ms. Tasty  proves to be a scheme to steal cars for a chop shop. Ian and Felicia admit their love for each other. Lance ultimately finds happiness with an Amish girl named Mary. On New Year\'s Eve, Ian and Felicia have sex on the couch, under a blanket in Ian\'s basement, and Rex comes out.'] ['While playing a game seven minutes in heaven at a party in 1985, 12-year-old Charles "Chuck" Logan  refuses to have sex with a goth girl named Anisha . In retaliation, Anisha places a curse on Chuck, so that every single woman he sleeps with will break up with him and marry the next man who asks her out. In the present, Chuck  is in his thirties, and runs a dental practice in the same building as his best friend Stu\'s  plastic surgery business. Chuck finds himself unable to tell his girlfriend, Carol , that he loves her, and she breaks up with him while having sex on the beach. At a wedding, Chuck becomes enamored with Cam Wexler , a sometimes clumsy, but friendly marine biologist. Chuck asks Cam for a date, but she gently refuses him. While working at a penguin habitat, Cam accidentally slips and chips her tooth. When she visits Chuck to have it fixed, he asks her to go out with him instead of paying him. Though initially reluctant, Cam agrees. Meanwhile, Stu notices the pattern of girls getting married as soon as Chuck has sex with them. Stu eventually convinces Chuck to embrace the influx of women who have learned of his pattern and visit his practice, arguing that there\'s nothing better than having lots of guilt-free sex. However, after having this so called "guilt-free sex" with numerous women, Chuck decides he wants a serious relationship with Cam. However, just before he has sex with her, Stu informs him that each of the women Chuck has slept with have got married, including Carol. Worried that the same thing will happen to Cam, Chuck begins to avoid her. Stu convinces Chuck to test the curse by having sex with an obese woman, and see if she marries afterward. Chuck asks Stu to ask the woman out to see if this results in marriage, and when it does not, Chuck concludes that the curse is fake, and has sex with Cam. Afterward, however, Stu confesses that he only pretended to ask the woman, and Chuck discovers that she indeed got married to another man. Chuck believes Cam wants to go out with Howard, who authored a book about penguins. Chuck attempts to track down Anisha. Now married with a child, Anisha tells Chuck that the curse wasn\'t meant to be real. Still convinced that Cam will hang out with, Chuck tries desperately to get Cam\'s attention and asks her to marry him. His attempts, though, cause Cam to become convinced he\'s stalking her and she breaks up with him. Now deciding to let fate take its course, Chuck puts Cam in touch with Howard, and the two seem to connect instantly. Stu convinces Chuck to chase after Cam, who is now headed to Antarctica with Howard. After Chuck finds her, Cam reveals that Howard is already married to someone else, and that she\'s only leaving for a week. Chuck hands Cam a ring box containing a pebble, a reference to the penguin mating ritual in which a male penguin finds a stone and brings it to the female penguin he wants to be with. Anisha is shown pulling a pin out of a voodoo doll, and the curse is finally broken. A year later, Chuck and Cam are in Antarctica together surrounded by penguins.'] ["The film revolves around four male teenage friends in New Orleans, Louisiana: Matt, Zack, Jacob and Justin. As a celebratory routine, the boys purchase a bong and use that bong only when one of the four have sex for the first time. The boys are beginning to lose their virginity and Matt is the last one. Matt, as it is learned throughout the film, is the adopted brother of Zack after Matt's mother died from cancer when he was 9. Matt's father had drug issues and while still involved in his life, does not play a major role in it. Matt has been with his girlfriend Nicole for almost two years and the two decide to lose their virginity together on their second anniversary. Zack decides to videotape the entire process and it is portrayed as a documentary-type film. As Matt prepares for the big night, he discovers that Nicole has cheated on him with a college fraternity member, Harry. Zack goes to find Harry to confirm this but he would not confirm nor deny this. Matt and the guys assume she did in fact have sex with Harry and the plan for the big night is soon altered. Zack decides the best thing for Matt to do is still have sex with Nicole but break up with her immediately afterwards. He feels this would be great for the movie he is making. Matt and his friends set up a date for Matt at a hotel, but when Nicole realizes they are being filmed and recorded from the adjoining room, she becomes angry at Matt, and admits she did not go very far sexually with Harry. She claims he had only sucked on her breasts. Nicole's father then comes and takes Nicole away from Matt and then pushes Matt into a bush after he breaks up with her. The entire segment on the failed date soon becomes a YouTube classic. A young woman, Becca, sees the video and claims that she feels bad for Matt. She leaves a video response letting him know she is experienced and would love to be his first. Becca's first requirement for the date is that Matt buys a very expensive suit. Matt is then reminded by Zack that his mother left him a large amount of money and convinces Matt to withdraw it for the suit. Matt then learns that his father withdrew the money when he was younger and the funds are not available. Angered by this, Matt decides to confront his father about it. After doing so, he learns his father has no desire to pay him back and claims the money was used for drugs. The boys and Krysta, Zack and Matt's adopted other adopted sibling, get drunk and camp. During this time Krysta unsuccessfully tries to have sex with Matt. When the boys return home, they come up with a plot to steal the suit, which is successful. Matt finally meets Becca and she tells him that she has a son. They then plan the date and as she is leaving, hands Matt a note that lets him know he needs to be shaven in all parts of his body including his pubic region. Preparing for the date, Zack ends up shaving Matt's pubic region for him. When Matt arrives at Becca's residence, he is told by Becca the cameras cannot stay and film, and that he must practice sex on a blow-up doll, which has an inflatable penis as well. Instructed by Becca, Matt uses the doll's penis in place of the vagina. Becca then leaves for nearly 3 hours before Matt leaves. The film then shows Becca on a video blog admitting her name is not Becca and that she is actually a graduate student studying male behavior and notes that he waited over twice as long as any other male had in the past. She also admits that her child was not hers, but someone else that she used for her studies. The video of him with the blow up doll becomes a huge YouTube success and shamed and embarrassed, Matt stays in his room for two weeks. In an effort to get Matt out his funk, the boys come up with a plan for Matt to have sex with his favorite porn star, Sunny Leone. They contact her and she agrees as long as the funds are paid. The boys and others raise the funds and then come up with a plan that Jacob is going into the military to be able to get Matt out of the house. They go to a strip club and meet Sunny and then go out to her bus so Matt may have sex with her. In the bus, Sunny lets Matt know that she has changed her mind and says that he should find someone he loves to have sex with. He then requests to spend five minutes alone with her, which is granted. After a few minutes, Matt emerges from her bedroom and we see Sunny putting her shirt back on. He sucked on her breasts to even out what Nicole did to him. He then finds Nicole at a party, explains what he did, and the two have sex. The film ends with the boys celebrating Matt losing his virginity."] ['The film revolves around Joe Young , a Mormon missionary, who gets talked into starring in a porno movie by the famous porn director Maxxx Orbison  in order to earn enough money to marry his fiancee Lisa . In the eponymous movie-within-the-movie, he plays a superhero named "Orgazmo" who fights crime with his sidekick "Choda Boy" played by Ben Chapleski  using his signature weapon, the "Orgazmorator", a device that forcefully triggers climax in those he uses it on. Following an agreement with the director, Joe acts and fights while a "stunt cock" does the rest. Orgazmo goes on to be a smash hit, becoming the single highest grossing pornographic film ever, and even earning a place in mainstream theaters, and the director decides to exploit the missionary and make the movie into a series. Joe\'s fiancee returns to L.A to find a tape of Orgazmo playing on a TV in a video store . She is shocked at Joe. Joe\'s fiancée is upset at his role in the film and leaves, but is kidnapped by the director to ensure Joe\'s participation in further filming. Joe decides to fight back using a real Orgazmorator invented by Ben, which gives him the powers his character reportedly had. He uses these powers to bring down the corrupt filmmaker and rescue his fiancée. The film wraps up with Lisa, seeing Ben\'s distress at the thought of his friend moving back to Utah, declaring that Joe must stay and fight crime with him. Ben, after a prayer from Joe, concludes by saying, "God bless us, everyone" . In the film\'s final scene, Orbison is told that his testicles will have to be removed after a number of Orgasmorator-induced orgasms caused them to swell massively. He swears revenge on Orgazmo, vowing to become another character from the porno movies&nbsp;— Orgazmo\'s arch-nemesis, Neutered Man.'] ['The story is set in the summer of 1959 when two French schoolboys who fail their English exams are sent on holiday to the South of England to improve their English.'] ["Having broken up and separated with his previous girlfriend, law student Eun-sik is keen to consummate a new relationship with Kyung-ah, a popular swimming champion with a painful past. Kyung-ah was a patient with suicidal tendency because of an unfortunate event happened with her. Despite help from his friends, Eun-sik begins to doubt himself when Gi-joo, a suave prosecutor, tries to compete for Kyeong-ah's affections. Kyeong-ah has a dark past in which she was raped when she was in high school, this results in her not able to engage as much sexual contact towards Eun-sik, this then makes him very frustrated. In the end Kyeong-ah is about to leave for America with Gi-joo but then realizes that she only loves Eun-sik and nobody else."] ['The pair of Bobby Keller  and Dinger  each find themselves with a pair of seemingly ordinary sunglasses. But, this is no normal pair of shades &mdash; once two people are wearing the set, one can manipulate the other physically to do whatever their mind wishes to. The set of sunglasses were part of an experiment, and the original owners of the products will stop at nothing to get them back from Bobby and Dinger.'] ["Paul Manning discovers one day that his dear friend and neighbor Ed Stander has been cheating on his wife. Curious, he asks Ed about it and is given the history and tactics of men who have successfully committed adultery. With each new story, Paul can't help but notice the attractive blonde, Irma Johnson, who lives nearby. Paul gets close to cheating on his wife Ruth, but he never quite goes through with it. In a scene near the end when he is in a motel room with another woman, he hears sirens approaching. He panics and waits for the police, only to find them going to the room next door where his friend Ed is in bed with Mrs. Johnson. Paul takes this opportunity to flee the scene and run home to his beloved wife."] ["The protagonist, Alfredo López, is an exasperated encyclopedia salesman for the Montoya Publishing House and lives with his faithful wife Carmen in 1973 Spain. Carmen and Alfredo are offered by the Montoya Publishing House to create pornographic films that will be imported into Scandinavian countries under the pretence of being an audiovisual encyclopedia of human reproduction. Unknowingly, Carmen becomes an adult film star in the Northern European countries though they are well-paid for their films. In the meantime Alfredo and Carmen are trying to have a child and Carmen discovers that Alfredo has a sperm count of zero. Inspired to become a film-maker, Alfredo writes a Ingmar Bergman-inspired feature film titled Torremolinos 73. His boss offers to fund the filming of it with Alfredo as director and Carmen as the female star. At Carmen's suggestion, Alfredo's boss changes the final scene so that Carmen is to have sex with her male co-star so as to get herself pregnant. Alfredo eventually accepts this and the film ends with the couple having a daughter, and Alfredo beginning a new career as a wedding film director."] ['The story takes place at East Great Falls High, eleven years after the events of American Pie. The new protagonists of this movie are three brand new hapless virgins: Rob , Nathan  and Lube . One night Rob accidentally sets fire to the school library, and finds "the Bible" , the creation of Mr. Levinstein . Unfortunately for them, the book is ruined. The book had incomplete advice and sends them on a helpless journey to lose their virginity. After trying and failing for most of the time, they pledge to restore the book, and to do this, they must find Levenstein and all the other people who wrote in the book, and start the restoration. The story begins with Rob entering his bedroom, and attempting to masturbate with a peanut butter sandwich . While he is doing this his dog, Frizzie, tries to eat the sandwich, and Rob\'s little brother Cody takes a video of him receiving this unwanted sexual gratification. Later, Rob meets with his friends, Nathan and Marshall Lube, at school. Nathan reveals that his girlfriend, Dana, has pledged to abstain from sex until marriage despite the fact that she has already slept with six other people. Rob talks to Heidi, a girl he is attracted to, and Stifler. Stifler states that if Rob doesn\'t make a move on Heidi, he will. In class, Lube has a vivid fantasy about a group of cheerleaders, particularly one named Ashley. Rob and Heidi meet later in the school library where she discloses that she is a virgin, and wishes to just "get it [sex] over with". At the school dance, Nathan tries to get to second base with Dana, but only manages to offend her due to her abstinance pledge. Rob attempts to tell Heidi how he feels about her but is interrupted by Nathan and Lube. He eventually finds her in the library about to have sex with another student, and drops a lit candle in a bin in shock. This sets the library on fire, which sets off the water sprinklers. The next day, when Rob and Heidi are cleaning the library, Rob finds a secret compartment containing \'The Bible\' . He shows the book to his friends Nathan and Lube and explains that it is a sex manual that has been compiled over forty years by the students who found it. The book is regarded as legendary, but unfortunately has been damaged by the water. Later in the local mall, Rob attempts to test a tip in the book; \'Simple Flattery\'. He approaches Ashley in a lingerie store and complements her. Ashley leads him into a changing room, takes off her bra and top, and makes him steal a bra for her. Unfortunately Rob is caught and forced to pay for the bra with his mom\'s credit card. Meanwhile, Nathan goes to Dana\'s church service to talk to her, but accidentally broadcasts the explicit and highly personal conversation to the entire congregation on the church\'s PA system. Dana\'s father then bans Dana from seeing Nathan. When she receives her credit card bill, Rob\'s mom tries to talk to him about buying underwear, prompting Rob to sarcastically say that he likes wearing womens\' underwear. He is again filmed by his little brother, who again posts the footage on the internet for the whole school to see. The next day, Heidi, Imogen and Dana are spectating at a school basketball game in which Rob and Stifler are playing. A girl called Katie tries to talk to Stifler, but he brushes her off. Rob again attempts to tell Heidi how he feels, but is unable to. Lube discovers a page in The Bible which tells of a brothel in Canada and a prostitute, Monique, who is very experienced. The entry was written in 1975, but Lube misreads the date as 1995, and they decide to visit. When they meet Monique the boys are disgusted, but Nathan states that they should go for it anyway. Nathan and Lube make Rob go first, but Monique dies while performing oral sex on him. They panic and drive back to the USA. Rob and Heidi are once gain in the library where Rob finally tells her he is attracted to her. Heidi says she feels the same, and they agree to meet at Stifler\'s party later. At the party Heidi hears Rob shout "Tonight, I\'m getting laid!", and runs upstairs. Stifler again brushes off Katie when she tries to talk to him. Lube tells Ashley how he feels about her, giving a speech on how he guarantees sexual satisfaction, but she still turns him down. Ashley\'s friend is impressed with his promise and tells Lube to meet her upstairs, but when she finds an offensive text on his phone she storms out. Nathan attempts to reconcile with Dana but offends her, making her leave once again. Rob finds Heidi in bed with Stifler and leaves the room. Heidi follows him downstairs, but Rob refuses to talk to her and begins to drink heavily. He declares "only assholes get laid!" and then behaves crudely to a random girl, who promptly goes to bed with him. She asks him to have sex with her from behind, but he hallucinates and sees Heidi saying; "You aren\'t seriously going to stick your dick in that, are you?". Rob then throws up on the girl\'s back. The next morning his mother asks him if he drove home drunk, and shows him a film she received on her phone of Rob throwing up on the girl the night before. In an attempt to restore The Bible, Rob and his friends resolve to find all of the people who originally wrote it in order to recreate it, starting with the original creator, Noah Levenstein. They eventually succeed in recreating the book. Rob and his friends then go on the school ski trip. In a log cabin where a few students are playing strip poker, Katie again attempts to talk to Stifler, who again brushes her off. She bets Stifler that if she wins at poker he has to apologise to her and run naked in the snow. Stifler loses and is forced to apologise and go outside naked, where he is humped by a moose while the others laughed at him. The next morning while Stifler is resting due to last night\'s ordeal, Imogen keeps him company and the two forms a bond. The other students are riding up the mountain in gondola ski lifts, but Nathan has sex with Dana in the lift control room and accidentally shut off the lifts\' power. In one lift, Rob and Heidi reconcile and kiss. Ashley and Lube are in another lift, where Lube falls out when trying to go for help. When Ashley climbs down to him, Lube tells her how he really feels about her, moving her to tears. Heidi and Rob return to the cabin and have sex. Lube and Ashley also go back to the cabin and have sex. The story ends with Rob, Nathan and Lube returning the newly-restored Bible to where Rob found it, after Rob has added his signature to it. As a finale, Rob\'s brother, Cody, enters his bedroom to find an online film of him putting a vacuum cleaner on his penis. To his horror it has been viewed almost 10 million times. Rob ends the film with the words "Gotchaaaaa, ha ha".'] ['The film begins with Carrie, Samantha, Charlotte, and Miranda meeting up with each other which turns into a flashback to how Carrie arrived in New York City in 1986, then met Charlotte in 1987, Miranda in 1988, and finally Samantha in 1989. All are married except Samantha, who is 52 and trying to keep her libido alive with hormones while dealing with menopause. The four of them attend Anthony and Stanford\'s wedding, where Carrie serves as "best man." Miranda quits her job after the new managing partner disrespects her once too often. Charlotte\'s two children are a handful and she\'s worried that Harry is attracted to their buxom Irish nanny, Erin. Carrie\'s marriage to Mr. Big has settled down, though they differ on how to spend their spare time. For their anniversary, Carrie gives Mr. Big a vintage Rolex watch engraved with a romantic message, while he, much to her dismay, shows her a new TV in their bedroom as his gift, which Big says they can use to watch old movies together, something they did at the hotel at Anthony and Stanford\'s wedding and seemed to enjoy. Carrie, however, is disappointed, as she had hoped for jewelry as a gift. Meanwhile, Samantha has been approached by an Arab sheikh to devise a PR campaign for his business. He offers to fly her and her friends on an all-expenses-paid luxury vacation to Abu Dhabi. The girls happily accept, although Carrie is worried about the separation from Big and Charlotte is worried about leaving her husband alone with the nanny. Only Miranda, unfettered by a job for the first time in her life, is enthusiastic. Upon entering Abu Dhabi, Samantha\'s hormone-enhancing drugs are confiscated under UAE law. This renders her devoid of estrogen; her famous libido goes dead. Charlotte tries to call Harry every few minutes; Miranda revels in the luxury surrounding her, while Carrie befriends her manservant, Gaurau. Carrie runs into her former lover, Aidan. He proposes dinner à deux at his hotel and she decides to meet Aidan for dinner. The dinner is very enjoyable, with the two discussing old times. Aidan remarks on the ways Carrie is "not like other women". In a moment of remembered passion, they kiss. Carrie runs away in panic and returns to the hotel. Back at the hotel, Miranda and Charlotte have drinks together and discuss the difficulties of motherhood. Carrie arrives, tells her friends about the kiss, and asks them whether she should tell Big, as they have no secrets between them. Miranda reflects on the events of the previous film, when her husband, Steve, told her about his affair. Samantha counsels Carrie to wait before deciding anything. Carrie opts to call Big to tell him. Big is silent upon hearing the news, and after saying a few words, hangs up. The four women find their style and Western attitudes contrast with Muslim customs. While on a date with a handsome Dane, Samantha is arrested for public indecency after fondling him at a restaurant and making out with him on the beach. With the Sheikh\'s intervention, Samantha is released, but is left with a permanent police record. Worse, the Sheikh cancels the PR meeting and ceases paying for the women\'s luxurious perks. They quickly pack their bags and leave, but must return to the souk to find Carrie\'s passport. When Samantha\'s flamboyance nearly incites a riot, the girls are rescued by a group of Muslim women who share their sense of style under their black robes. When Carrie returns home, she finds the bedroom television removed and Big gone. She passes an anxious day, at the end of which he returns. Big tells her that although he was "pretty torn up", he realizes that what she needs is something to remind her at all times that she is married. He hands her a jewelry box, which reveals an engagement ring set with a black diamond. When Carrie asks him why a black diamond, he says, "Because you\'re not like anyone else", echoing Aidan\'s earlier comment. The problems the women faced at the beginning of the film are resolved. Big and Carrie combine their interests; Charlotte\'s nanny, Erin, turns out to be a lesbian and is no threat to her marriage; Miranda finds a new job where she is appreciated, and Samantha stays the same, even meeting up with the Danish doctor she met in Abu Dhabi for sex on the beach.'] ['The film opens with Sue\'s father, Kevin,  walking back drunk from an all-nighter at the local pub. Sue goes to fetch Rita from home so they can go and babysit for Bob and Michelle , a better-off couple who live in a nicer part of the city. When the couple returns later, Michelle pays the girls, and tells Bob to give them a lift home. Bob, however, drives them to an out of the way place to have sex with both of them. They nonchalantly agree, and he and the girls plan to make it a regular thing. By the time they\'re finished, it\'s 2 a.m. Sue sneaks into her house hoping that everyone is in bed. However, her father is waiting for her in the living room, holding a baseball bat, threatening to "wrap it round [her] neck." Sue and her parents proceed to argue about why she\'s home so late, with Sue\'s mother taking her daughter\'s side. After her father gives up and goes to bed, Sue\'s mother asks for the truth, but Sue repeats the lie, to her mother\'s disappointment. Sue gets a job at a local taxi firm, and meets Aslam , a Pakistani boy who drives for the firm. He and another driver make a bet on who can get her into bed first. Sue rebuffs them. At school, Bob shows up at Rita and Sue\'s P.E. tennis class to take them for a "jump." Rita manages to get permission from the teacher to use the toilet ; but Sue is denied and told to get back to the class. She takes her anger out on another student. Bob takes Rita to a family friend\'s house that he is watching while they are away, where they have sex. Later on, Michelle finds a package of condoms in Bob\'s pants while ironing them. Bob tells her that he and his mates were blowing them up like balloons at the pub for fun, but Michelle doesn\'t believe him, and they get into an argument. During the argument, it comes out that Michelle is frigid and reluctant to have sex, frustrating Bob. It also turns out that Bob previously had an affair, discovered when Michelle found his mistress\'s bracelet in their bed; the mistress had also been their babysitter. Michelle goes upstairs to get ready for their planned night out, for which Rita and Sue are again babysitting. Bob warns the girls that Michelle will ask them questions and try to trick them. They convince Michelle that Bob isn\'t sleeping with either of them. After their night out, Bob and Michelle start arguing again, this time in front of Rita and Sue who desperately try not to laugh. Michelle takes her anger out on them and tells them to stop laughing at her. She then storms off to bed. For their part, Rita and Sue angrily storm home, as they\'d been expecting Bob to have sex with them again. That night, Michelle decides to let Bob have sex with her to stop him going off with other women, but it goes badly. The next day, on a school trip, Sue gets into a fight with a classmate who calls her a slag. Later, Rita and Sue skip school to go and meet Bob, hoping to make up for the previous night, but Bob can\'t get an erection, embarrassing himself and leaving Rita and Sue unsatisfied. He takes them out to a club instead, where Michelle\'s best friend Mavis happens to be, and spots Bob with the girls. Bob warns the panicked girls that Mavis will surely tell Michelle she saw them together. The next morning, Mavis tells Michelle what she saw, and Michelle storms to Rita\'s house, drags her into Mavis\'s car, and takes her to Sue\'s flat to confront her, with Bob in tow. Michelle, Bob, Rita, Sue, and Sue\'s parents have a big argument in front of all the neighbours, who are all having a good laugh over it, including an old man across the street who cheers the parents on. Michelle blames the girls for being slutty, but Sue retorts that the reason Bob cheats on her is because she doesn\'t have enough sex with him. Michelle turns on Bob, goes home, ransacks the house, and she and their children leave in a taxi, never to return. The next day, Sue goes to Rita\'s house to walk to school together. Rita tells her that she is no longer going to school, because Bob has asked her to move in with him. She also reveals that she is pregnant with Bob\'s child. When Bob arrives to take her away, enraged, Sue tells them both to get lost. Sue dates Aslam as a rebound to get over Bob and Rita. They go to the cinema, and then off to a hideaway where they start kissing. After, they go to Sue\'s flat where Aslam meets her parents. Her father comes home from the pub, drunk, and shouts racist comments at Aslam, and he and Sue leave. Months later, Sue finds out that Rita has miscarried, and visits her  in the hospital. On the way out, Bob approaches Sue and invites her for another escapade. Sue refuses, saying she\'s staying faithful to Aslam, whom she\'s now living with. After Bob drops Sue off at her house, Aslam attacks Sue, thinking that she was having sex with Bob. Later at Bob\'s house, he and Rita are about to have sex, when Bob accidentally says Sue\'s name. Angry, Rita leaves to confront Sue. When she gets there, she finds Aslam attacking Sue. Defending her, Rita kicks him in the knees, and then Sue kicks him in his groin, disabling him enough for Sue and Rita to escape. They go back to Bob\'s house, where Rita tends to Sue\'s wounds, and Aslam shows up at Bob\'s door. They refuse to let him in, but Aslam tries to find a way to break in, all the while trying to convince Sue to come back to him. He almost gets in through the bay doors, but Rita runs and locks them. He tries to plead with Sue, threatening suicide if she doesn\'t come back, and faking he is in pain. Sue is starting to give in, but not before police arrive on the street, after a neighbor called them. Aslam runs off with police in pursuit. When Bob returns home, Rita tells him that she is letting Sue move in with them. They go upstairs and Bob goes to get a bath. When he goes into the bedroom, he finds both girls, naked in his bed, and he dives into bed with them.'] ["A comedy of manners, the film centers on virtuous actress Patty O'Neill, who meets playboy architect Donald Gresham on the top of the Empire State Building and accepts his invitation to join him for drinks and dinner in his apartment. There she meets Donald's upstairs neighbors, his ex-fiancée Cynthia and her father, roguish David Slater. Both men are determined to bed the young woman, but they quickly discover Patty is more interested in engaging in spirited discussions about the pressing moral and sexual issues of the day than surrendering her virginity to either one of them. After resisting their amorous advances throughout the night, Patty leaves and returns to the Empire State Building, where Donald finds her and proposes marriage."] ["A neurotic businessman  tries to improve his sex life with his wife  by encouraging her to have a threesome involving another woman. Fortunately, she likes the idea. Unfortunately, she decides that she doesn't need her husband to have fun with ladies. In fact... she ends up preferring them."] ['Matt Stifler, the younger brother of Steve Stifler, is eager to enter the family business of making porn films so he can prove himself to his older brother. After playing a prank on the school band, the school\'s guidance counselor Chuck "The Sherminator" Sherman, who attended high school with Steve, decides that a worthwhile punishment would be for Matt to attend band camp. Upon arrival, Matt is extremely disrespectful to the rules along with everyone at Tall Oaks and even gets his school\'s band in trouble. Jim\'s dad, Noah Levenstein, the camp\'s MACRO  recommends he start trying to fit in and earn the band\'s trust. Matt conspires with his room-mate, Ernie, to film the other band members in a bid called \'Bandeez Gone Wild\', using hidden cameras. During a lunch time scuffle Matt accepts a duel with rival band leader Brandon, wherein the performers show off their music skills, with Brandon playing the snare drum, and Matt playing the triangle. When it seems Matt has lost, he leaves the stage and comes back playing the bagpipes to the tune of "Play That Funky Music" to win the duel. The various school bands compete for points throughout camp with East Great Falls leading on the last day, but a ill-fated prank by Matt that was intended for the rival team, causes the band to lose and East Great Falls band member Elyse to lose a chance at a scholarship. Once the new term starts, Matt attempts to fix his mistakes and persuades the school band to play Elyse\'s piece to the Conservatory head, winning Elyse a scholarship, and her affection.'] ["Solange  is depressed: she's stopped smiling, she eats little, she says less. She has fainting fits. Her husband Raoul  seeks to save her by enlisting Stéphane , a stranger, to be her lover. Although he listens to Mozart and has every Pocket Book arranged in alphabetical order, Stéphane fails to cheer Solange. She knits. She does housework. Everyone, including their neighbor a vegetable vendor, agrees that she needs a child, yet she fails to get pregnant by either lover. The three take a job running a kids' summer camp where they meet Christian , the precocious 13-year-old son of the local factory manager. It is Christian who restores Solange to laughter."] ['After cynical New York advertising copywriter Roger Swanson  is dumped by his on-again/off-again girlfriend, Joyce  — who is also his boss — his painful workday is further complicated by the unexpected arrival of his 16-year-old nephew, Nick . After asking to spend the night at Roger\'s, Nick reveals that he has come to ask for help—in hopes of ditching his virginal status, Nick begs Roger for a lesson in the art of seduction. Embittered Roger then takes on the role of a nocturnal drill sergeant in an imaginary war between the sexes, starting Nick\'s training at an upscale singles bar. There they meet two beautiful women  who turn out to be less malleable than Roger expects. Although this first attempt to seduce women is unsuccessful, Nick chooses to continue the quest, which takes them to a party at Joyce\'s. There they find Joyce\'s secretary drunk and attempt to capitalize. Once in the bedroom Nick\'s conscience gets the better of him and he allows her to fall asleep untouched. With Roger spinning out of control and Nick\'s window of opportunity closing rapidly, they agree to go with the "Fail Safe" plan. This turns out to be an underground brothel. At the underground location Roger finds he cannot let Nick lose his virginity in such an emotionally barren atmosphere, and drags him back to his apartment to sleep things off. Roger has failed to introduce his nephew to the mysteries of the world, but has perhaps gained a glimmer of a conscience. Nick travels back to Ohio but Roger shows up unexpectedly to tutor Nick and his classmates on their home turf, bonding with the younger men in a more potent way in an atmosphere populated by adolescent peers. At the closing, it is left open which way Nick will go.'] ['{{Confusing}} Stacy  has a promiscuous past, and after learning of the AIDS epidemic she wants to find a guy whom she knows is clean, so she convinces her childhood friend Melissa  to go to a health spa for singles. They received or bought a basket filled with condoms. At the spa, Stacy meets Nick , a struggling musician, and Vinny, aka the Vin Man , an annoying Italian-American man from New Jersey whom she tries to avoid. At an event called International Night, the men and women all take miniature flags and put them in plunger-shaped hats and then meet the person with the identical flag. After becoming upset over a bad experience at the flag party, Melissa threatens to return to LA. However, Melissa soon connects with a spa staff member, Jamie , who gives her her first orgasm. A confused Stacy returns to LA via the 2PM bus, not knowing that Melissa remained at the resort. Stacy repeats past behavior and brings Nick back to her apartment, however she soon realizes that he\'s a loser who is taking up all her space and that she actually doesn\'t really like him. She rents a pink Cadillac and returns to the spa, where Melissa tells Stacey about Jamie and Stacey is relieved. On the way back to LA, Stacey commiserates with Vinny over their disappointment with the spa experience and upon returning to New Jersey, he experiences some life changes. After a period of time, Stacey is shown at Christmas time opening the door and letting Melissa and Jamie in. As they come in, Stacy\'s now-husband, Vinny, her two young boys, and their dog come down the stairs. Reminiscent of an earlier joke involving an old man and a dog, Melissa and Stacy laugh as the boys attack Vinny and Jamie, Stacy says, "There\'s your boyfriend" Melissa replies, "So what, there\'s yours." Finally Stacy says to the camera, "Yeah, that\'s my boyfriend" and smiles then hugs Melissa. The movie makes frequent use of breaking the fourth wall. The movie opens to the lyrics of Hot Hot Hot and closes with " Casual Sex"  by Kid Creole and the Coconuts. Rotten Tomatoes does not have a rating for the movie, but the 3 reviews it collected were all negative.Rotten Tomatoes - Casual Sex?'] ['Sandy and Jonathan are roommates at Amherst College whose lives are explored and seem to offer a contrast to one another. Spanning a 25-year period, from their college years in the mid-1940s to middle aged adulthood in the early 1970s, the film explores their relationships with various women, Susan, Bobbie, Jennifer, Cindy, and Louise.'] ['High school student Candy  seemingly descends to Earth from space. In the relatively simple plot, she naively endures an escalating series of situations in which her oblivious allure triggers satirical porn-film-like encounters. Roger Ebert wrote, "Candy caroms from one man to another like a nympho in a pinball machine, and the characters she encounters are improbable enough to establish Terry Southern\'s boredom with the conventions of pornography."<ref name/19681226/REVIEWS/812260301/1023 Review: Candy ] Chicago Sun Times Last accessed 2010-03-23. In school, her father  is also her teacher. At a poetry recital, eccentric poet MacPhisto  offers Candy a ride home in his limousine. At her home, MacPhisto drunkenly waxes boisterously poetic, arousing Candy and her gardener Emanuel  into sex. Scandalized, her family sends her to private school, where she embarks on a psychedelic journey during which she meets a number of strange people, including a sex starved military general , a doctor who performs public operations , a hunchback  and a fake Indian guru . As the film ends, she continues to cavort with other people plus some of the characters she met in the film, followed by her return to outer space.'] ["A man who suspects his wife is having an affair with his daughter's fiance places the two in dangerous situations in order to satisfy his voyeuristic curiosity."] ['At a wedding reception, a man in his late thirties  approaches a bridesmaid  of about the same age, and offers her a glass of champagne. As conversation ensues, they begin to flirt. Witty small talk about such topics as the wedding party and their own past relationships gradually reveals that they are not strangers, but in fact share an intimate past. A series of flashback scenes showing much younger versions of the two of them together confirms that they have been lovers. Despite having significant others  the couple choose to go upstairs to her hotel room together. However, their decision to sleep together is one which is clearly complex and fraught with emotional baggage for each of them. Again with flashbacks, a series of vignettes juxtaposes their earlier selves against the older, perhaps wiser couple in the hotel room as the two reminisce and reassess their feelings for each other. She must catch a transatlantic flight home to London in the morning, so the two leave the hotel together in the early morning. As they return to their separate lives, each speculates with their cab driver on the future and the difficulty of being happy.'] ['The Lambda Lambda Lambda from Adams College are packing their suitcases to get ready for a national fraternity convention in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Just before heading to the airport, Lewis\'  best friend Gilbert  explains to him that he feels stupid that he cannot come, due to breaking his leg . After arriving at Fort Lauderdale and heading to the Royal Flamingo Hotel, A trainee named Sunny  informs Lewis that their reservation is canceled and has been given to the Alpha Betas. The Royal Flamingo manager  explains to Sunny that they do not want nerds staying in this hotel. The Tri-Lambs also meet Stewart , a geeky bellboy at the hotel who is also friends with Sunny. Lewis finds another hotel called the Hotel Coral Essex, located in a shady neighborhood, and makes their reservation there. Roger , the president of the local chapter of Alpha Betas  is seen planning with his fellow jocks to get rid of the Tri-Lambs by any means necessary. Furthermore, Ogre  is revealed to be at the conference, scheming with Roger and the Alphas. The Lambdas arrive at the Florida swamplands hoping to attend the United Fraternity pre-conference barbecue. They take the wrong way and see a group of Seminole Indians capture an Indian maiden and throw her into a flame . They are captured and forced to strip to their underwear, until Poindexter  tests their ethnicity by yelling "Bite my crank" at them in Seminole, to which no one responds. They\'re chased off by Ogre, and forced to make their way across town back to their hotel in their underwear. The next day, Roger announces a new bylaw to be voted upon by the conference; "Proposition 15", a rule that would require physical as well as academic standards to be met by all members of the conference. Before Lewis can make any argument against the proposition, he is co-opted by a wet-nightie contest happening poolside. The Lambdas decide to beat the Alphas at their own game and throw a party at the Hotel Coral Essex. The neon sign outside the hotel is deliberately broken , which draws people for miles. The Tri-Lambs  perform outside of the Hotel Coral Essex, winning over the crowd, and Prop 15 is voted down the next morning. At this time, Roger, seemingly sincere, expresses a desire to make peace once and for all with the Tri-Lambs, and to that end he proposes a bylaw stating that any fraternity found to be guilty of a crime will be expelled from the national conference and their charter revoked. The Lambdas, satisfied that the Alphas now cannot attack them without being expelled from the conference, accept their offer of friendship and their luxurious hotel suite at the Royal Flamingo. Roger encourages Sunny to grab a couple of girls and take the Tri-Lambs to the beach in his car. While on the beach Sunny and Lewis get to know and like each other. Unfortunately, Roger has reported his car stolen, and the Lambdas are arrested. Stewart and Sunny bail the Tri-Lambs out of jail. Sunny apologizes and tries to explain that she knew nothing of Roger\'s plan, but Lewis doesn\'t believe her. Before she can explain, The Alpha Betas kidnap the Tri-Lambs along with Sunny and dump them on an uninhabited island. Disgusted by Roger\'s actions, Sunny jumps overboard. When they realize Ogre cannot be trusted to keep his mouth shut, they also throw him into the water, despite the fact that he cannot swim. Upon seeing Ogre drowning, Wormser jumps into the ocean and rescues him, though he is seemingly ungrateful. As the group sleeps Lewis has a dream about Gilbert, who explains to him that all is not lost and implores Lewis not to give up. He also points out the Lewis is acting like a jerk to Sunny, who is stranded with him on this island by choice. This helps give Lewis the confidence he needs to apologize to Sunny for his behavior and to try and find a way off the island. The next morning The Tri-Lambs, using their combined intelligence and ingenuity, find a Cuban military officer\'s hidden cache of military supplies, including an amphibious vehicle. Meanwhile at the conference, Roger is presiding over the vote to expel the Tri-Lambs, when, decked out in military gear, they literally crash the conference, driving right through the conference room wall, then chase the attendees out to the pool. Roger is unfazed and tries to continue to have the Lambdas voted out for stealing his car, until Sunny reveals that Roger set them up and kidnapped them. Roger states that it doesn\'t matter since he will always be cool, popular and good-looking and the Lambdas will always be weird, different and pathetic, and that there\'s nothing they can do or say about it. Lewis takes a moment and quietly agrees with Roger, stating that there\'s nothing he can say, but that there is "something I\'ve gotta do about it." and punches Roger in the jaw, knocking him into the pool. Back at Adams College, in an induction ceremony, Ogre is sworn in to Lambda Lambda Lambda as the newest member.'] ["Mr. Ronald Gibb  is a high school history teacher. Although he is depicted as a creative if weak-willed teacher, his students lack interest for the subject matter. One of his students, Ally Palmer  is a popular teenage girl and local celebrity. She was featured in a television commercial for her father's car dealership. Mr. Gibb secretly has a crush on Ally. He stares at her inappropriately multiple times a day. One day after school, he overhears Ally and her boyfriend Brett  get into a big argument. She no longer has a ride home from school, so he offers to take her home. Mr. Gibb and Ally are photographed just as she spontaneously kisses him on the lips , and as such the school board deems his behavior unacceptable and unprofessional. She goes missing after he drops her off at her house. The news reports that a kidnapping has occurred. Mr. Gibb is the primary suspect because police officials find evidence that he was with Ally moments before she was kidnapped. The film follows Gibb as he copes with public humiliation and ends with a sudden twist in the final minutes."] ["April's Shower begins with a group of people gathered for a wedding shower for April. At first, it seems to be a normal gathering for such an occasion but, as time goes on, secrets and stories begin to be revealed. Alex  is a chef and a maid of honor at April's wedding. She ultimately reveals her true feelings which ends up taking an effect on everybody at the shower."] ['In an opening scene, a group of men are interviewed regarding Christina Walters  who introduce her as a player and a user of men in the swinging singles market. The men include: *A neurotic loser who gets a nose bleed when she fails to call him after promising to do so. *A man who saw the movie Swingers and is calling her after 3 days only to find that she gave him a number for Moviefone. *A man whose masculinity comes into question when he attempted to court Christina and was denied claiming her to be a lesbian *A very talkative man who ends up propelling himself off an exercise bike when he starts talking about Christina. The scene shifts back to the sexist man whose claims of Christina\'s lesbianism causes an entire crowd of women to attack him with baseball bats and the movie moves along, introducing Christina Walters, a successful interior designer and Courtney Rockcliffe  who is a divorce lawyer as they console their friend and roommate Jane , who had recently broken up with her boyfriend Kevin, by taking her out to a dance club and cancel their plans to stay in for pizza. At the club, Jane feels out of place and Christina grabs a man passing by to set Jane up with. She meets Peter Donahue  who confronts Christina for her methods before disappearing for the night. While in the bathroom with Courtney, she calls him by name, leading her to suspect that he got under Christina\'s skin and she\'s actually attracted to him which she denies. After running into Peter again, Christina buys him a drink and they spend time together, Peter explaining that he will be attending a wedding on Saturday and he is there with his obnoxious, womanizing brother Roger  to celebrate. He invites Christina and Courtney to an after-party at their hotel, but Christina goes home and later regrets not going. The next day, Christina can\'t stop talking about Peter while Jane deals with an embarrassing "cleanup" from her fun with the guy she met the night before. In the unedited version, Jane returns to the lunch and the women talk about always complimenting men for the sizes of their penises, eventually breaking out into a restaurant-wide "Penis Song". Courtney arranges for her and Christina to travel to Summerset where Peter\'s brother\'s wedding is to take place and they meet Jane\'s boyfriend as a recurring gag they indicate he is well endowed causing misery and enjoyment from Jane. After they leave, Christina and Courtney go on a series of misadventures including an exploding toilet, a glory hole discovery, and a motorcyclist who is led to believe Christina is giving Courtney oral sex. Meanwhile Jane encounters her boyfriend at her retail job and is nearly caught having sex with him in the changing rooms. When Christina and Courtney finally get to Summerset, Christina begins having second thoughts after visiting a store to replace their wet and ruined clothing only to come out in extremely gaudy, indiscreet outfits, but a series of coincidences gives her a change of heart and they go to Peter\'s brother\'s wedding. While there, they discover that it was Peter, not Roger who was getting married and the pair nearly ruin the ceremonies in their attempts to escape. Peter and his fiance then decide that they do not want to marry each other and they call off the wedding  while Christina returns home and back to a newly unfulfilled life of being single again. Peter finds Christina\'s address in the log at the store they bought their clothing and tracks her down. Christina, determined not to fear the commitment, kisses Peter and then walks away disappointed. Sometime later, Courtney is dating a doctor and is clearly very attracted to him, and Peter is interviewed like the men at the beginning of the film, retelling his version of the events calling her a bitch and a player, but ultimately revealing that he and Christina are together, having gotten married and are living very happily with Jane and Courtney and Roger as well. Whether they all live together is left ambiguous.'] ["Flesh  is kidnapped by cheerleaders from a world known only as The Strange Planet, after the men on their planet are rendered impotent thanks to the villain known only as the Evil Presence . The Evil Presence, who is in an unhappy relationship with Queen Frigid , soon learns of Flesh's arrival on the planet, and wishes to transfer Flesh's penis to himself, in order to make up for his own poor endowment."] ['Honey Shayne  is a freshman at Fairenville University . After unsuccessfully pledging the Pi sorority, and being publicly ridiculed by sorority president Melody Ragmore , Honey joins with three other unsuccessful pledges  to form a new sorority  with the goal of stealing all of the rival sorority\'s boyfriends. The movie includes a number of competitions intended to accomplish that goal, including a fundraiser , a dance and a climactic game of strip football. Both groups play pranks on the others and attempt to avoid disciplinary actions from the F.U. administration. A subplot deals with the attempts of two bungling gangsters to recover money hidden in the renovated building housing the sorority. A running gag during the movie is the source of the name "H.O.T.S." While the closing credits reveal that the name is an anagram of the first names of the four founders, other characters in the film believe it to stand for Hands Off Those Suckers and Hold On To Sex. At one point, the girls claim it stands for Help Out The Seals.'] ['Bobby and his best friend, Jack, sabotage their high-school graduation ceremony by rigging the stage to collapse. After leaving the graduation ceremony, Bobby and Jack  drive up to another van and notice Sally , his secret high-school crush, sitting alone inside, eating ice cream. Bobby cannot look away from her and expresses his fantasy to "be with" her just once. Dugan returns to the van and disapproves of Bobby\'s attention. Bobby and Jack run across Sue  and Tina , and they attempt to arrange dates with them that evening. Sue is interested in Jack, but Tina states she is neither interested in Bobby nor other boys because they only care about sex. Bobby works in a car wash. Bobby\'s boss Andy  is also a bookmaker, who refuses taking a high-risk bet from an old lady called Bertha. Bobby\'s co-workers send his convertible into the car wash with the roof down, but Bobby plans buying a van anyway - not just any van, but a custom van with items like a waterbed, a ceiling mirror, a refrigerator, a toaster, an 8 track and multiple television sets. Bobby then gets revenge on his co-workers while showing off his new van by giving them beers spiked with laxatives. In a bar, Bobby unsuccessfully approaches women, including Sally. Finally, a pinball playing girl agrees sharing a joint in his van. Though going hand-in-hand, she objects his moves. Laughing it off, he tries raping her, but Bobby discovers she has stuffed her over-sized bra with wads of toilet paper, and she runs off. Up next is a Mexican girl, who removes her top but demands payment. Another woman is also a prostitute, and her pimp barges in for payment. Afterwards, Bobby and Jack force Sue and Tina to stop their car. Sue drives off with Jack, and Tina joins Bobby in the van. They plan to meet up again later at the beach, but Jack and Sue don\'t arrive until the next morning. Bobby and Tina form an uneasy truce and sleep in the van without fooling around. Eventually, they share a joint. When Jack and Sue return in the morning, Bobby makes them think that he is in the van having sex with Tina, who is actually out on the beach. After dropping Tina home, Bobby spots Sally with a see-through wetlook in the car wash. After seeing her making out with Dugan, Bobby stops by a quiet take-out place. The take-out waitress praises his van, so he offers sharing a joint on the waterbed. Noting she likes waterbeds, she says she doesn\'t have time for a joint, but does have some time for a quickie. She steps out from behind the counter and Bobby gasps at her very large buttocks. Once she is nude in the van, Bobby tries a pickup line, but barely finishes it, when she throws and mounts him on the waterbed. He protests, but she obviously rapes him, breaking the waterbed in the process. Bobby mentions her buttocks\' size to Jack, and notes he never knew sex could be so physical. After tricking Bobby and Tina to join them to a van spot, at a local beach, Jack and Sue have sex in the back with occasional voyeurs in their window. Bobby and Tina see other vans, before Tina is nearly run over during the van drag races. Bobby and Tina get close, until Bobby again tries getting physical. Tina drives off in the van with Jack and Sue in the back, leaving Bobby to walk home. When Andy reveals he got beat up for not paying for a winning high-risk bet, Bobby volunteers his van\'s down payment. After getting rejected when approaching Tina\'s window, Bobby visits Sally\'s house. Sally says she feels abandoned by Dugan, and Bobby finds himself with her in his van. Unzipping him, she notes he is bigger than Dugan. Taking off her top, they proceed to have sex. The following morning, Tina runs across Bobby in a diner and agrees going together inside, where they meet Jack and Sue. Dugan then enters, lifts Bobby up and says he saw Bobby\'s van last night around Sally\'s place. Jack stalls Dugan, but Tina doesn\'t want to see Bobby again. Refusing to give up again, Bobby kidnaps her. Dugan drive chases Bobby, and the police join in. Bobby escapes, but Tina pleads to get freed. Bobby finally stops when she agrees hearing his side. He says he got the van to succeed with girls, but it changed upon meeting Tina. Tina says she too could never play "the game", and they have sex. Bobby drag-races Dugan to regain his money, but not before mentioning he really was at Sally\'s place. Dugan tries crashing Bobby, but eventually crashes himself into a police car. In result, Bobby\'s van turns over. Tina, Sue, Jack and Andy are relieved when Bobby is neither dead nor injured. Jack notes Bobby even won the race. Bobby leaves in Tina\'s convertible. Tina asks if he really was with Sally, and Bobby replies that Sally said he is "bigger than Dugan," but Tina just laughs.'] ['A guy named Ron finally settled up and decided to marry his girlfriend Melinda, whom he met just two months ago. Her brother, Todd, hates Ron and tries to persuade Melinda that he is just marrying her to use her money for himself. He tries to talk Melinda out of the wedding, but before that, he tries to show who Ron really is so he decided to make a wild bachelor party, in hope of catching Ron and canceling the wedding.'] ['The film concerns the late coming of age of protagonist Gavin Lamb , a painfully shy 31-year-old virgin still living at home with his parents and who works as a hairdresser in a West End salon. The socially awkward Gavin forges sudden romantic connections with three very different women: a sultry millionairess , an idiosyncratic recluse , and a single mother  who is a junior hairdresser at his salon.'] ['Joel Goodson  is a high school student who lives with his wealthy parents in the North Shore area of suburban Chicago. His father wants him to attend Princeton University, so Joel\'s mother tells him to tell the interviewer, Bill Rutherford, about his participation in Future Enterprisers, an extracurricular activity in which students work in teams to create small businesses. When his parents go away on a trip, Joel is left with explicit instructions not to touch the stereo system and not to use his father\'s Porsche. Joel\'s friend, Miles , convinces him to take advantage of his newfound freedom to have some fun. On the first night, he raids the liquor cabinet, plays the stereo loudly, and dances around the living room in his underwear, socks and pink dress shirt to "Old Time Rock and Roll". Later, he and his friend Barry  take the Porsche out and drive it recklessly. The following day, Miles calls a call girl named Jackie on Joel\'s behalf despite his frustrated objections. Jackie  turns out to be a tall, masculine transvestite. Joel reluctantly pays Jackie most of the money his parents gave him to go away, but before she leaves, she gives Joel the number for Lana, another prostitute, promising that she\'s "what every white boy off the lake wants". That night, Joel is unable to sleep and hesitantly calls Lana . She turns out to be a gorgeous blonde and they have sex all night. The following morning, Lana asks Joel for $300 for her services. Having no money in the house, he goes to the bank, but when he returns, Lana is gone, along with his mother\'s expensive Steuben crystal egg. Joel and Miles find Lana at a restaurant and demand the egg back, but they are interrupted by Lana\'s pimp, Guido , who pulls a gun. Joel (in his father\'s Porsche 928"The Risky Business Porsche 928" by Greg Hudock [[Excellence  is chased by Guido, but manages to escape. The next morning, Lana tells Joel that the egg is with the rest of her stuff at Guido\'s. Joel lets Lana stay at his house while he goes to school. When he returns, his friends are over, and Lana has invited another prostitute, Vicki , to stay. Later, Lana mentions to Joel that his friends should collaborate with her friends to make money. Joel rejects the idea. That night, Joel, Lana, Vicki, and Barry go out. They get stoned, and while Vicky and Barry wander away, Joel and Lana talk. Lana takes offense to something Joel says and leaves. While retrieving her purse from Joel\'s car, she inadvertently moves the shifter out of gear. Moments later, the car rolls down the hill and onto a pier, despite Joel\'s futile attempt to stop it. The pier collapses, dumping the Porsche into Lake Michigan. Joel takes the car to a repair shop and is horrified to learn how much it will cost to fix it. Arriving tardy to school, Joel realizes his lateness will cause him to fail 2 midterms. He attempts to explain his situation to the school nurse but is coldly rebuffed. He grabs the nurse by the collar and calmly demands compassion. Following this, Joel is suspended for 5 days and kicked out of Future Enterprisers. He goes to see Lana, who decides to turn the Goodsons\' house into a brothel for a night; Joel\'s share of the profits will pay for the car repairs. The party is a huge success; the house is packed with Joel\'s friends and classmates and Lana\'s co-workers. However, Rutherford  chooses that night to evaluate Joel for admission to Princeton. The interview is plagued by interruptions, and Rutherford is unimpressed by Joel\'s resume. Unaffected by the apparent rejection, Joel famously puts on a pair of Wayfarers and joyously exclaims, "Looks like University of Illinois!" Afterwards, Rutherford stays at the party and becomes acquainted with Lana\'s friends. After the party, Joel and Lana go and have sex on the deserted Chicago \'L\'. The next morning, Joel finds his house has been burgled. When he tries to call Lana, Guido answers; he tells Joel that he will let Joel buy back his furniture. Joel buys back all of the furniture, the final piece being the glass egg. Guido\'s female associate tosses the egg like a football and Joel just barely manages to catch it before it hits the ground. Fortunately, Joel and his friends manage to get everything moved back in just as his parents walk in, though his mother notices a crack in her egg. Joel eventually accepts responsibility and goes out to rake the yard. His father comes up to him and excitedly informs Joel that Rutherford was satisfied with the interview and said "Princeton could use a guy like Joel". Joel meets Lana at a restaurant, and they speculate about their future. She tells him that she wants to keep on seeing him; he jokes that it will cost her. In a final voiceover, Joel reveals that, for his Future Enterprises class, he "deals in human fulfillment" and it has turned quite a profit. He ends by quoting Guido: "Time of your life, huh kid?"  The newly remastered 25th-anniversary edition offers "both the upbeat studio ending and Mr. Brickman\'s original, more tentative and melancholic conclusion"."Critic\'s Choice" by Dave Kehr The New York Times. October 6, 2008. In this ending, while Joel is still accepted into Princeton, the film ends on an ambiguous note. Joel and Lana ponder the future and Joel then asks Lana if their "night together" was all a setup. Lana denies this, but it is clear that Joel has difficulty believing Lana and states that he does not want her to get hurt, to which Lana exclaims in frustration, "Why does it have to be so tough?" Joel asks Lana for her embrace, and she embraces him reluctantly. The scene and film conclude not with the quote from Guido, but with the voiced-over line, "Isn\'t life grand?" "Original Ending to Risky Business" YouTube. Retrieved July 14, 2012. After test screenings, it was decided by The Geffen Company that the film needed a more upbeat ending.'] ["Zack Brown and Miri Linky are roommates in Monroeville, Pennsylvania . They have been friends since the first grade. Despite Miri working at the local shopping mall and Zack working at a coffee shop, they have not paid their utility bills in months, with Zack devoting much of his free time to a fanatic following of the Pittsburgh Penguins and his status in the community amateur hockey team, the Monroeville Zombies. After work, their water gets turned off before they go to their high school reunion. At the reunion, Miri attempts to seduce her attractive former classmate Bobby Long, while Zack strikes up a conversation with Brandon St. Randy, who reveals that he is a gay porn star, and Bobby's boyfriend. After returning home from the reunion, the apartment's electricity is turned off. Inspired by a successful viral video that was filmed by a pair of teenage boys as Miri changed in Zack's place of work for the reunion , and emboldened by the cultural mainstreaming of pornographic entertainment, Zack convinces Miri that they should film a pornographic film to earn money. Gathering a group of acquaintances and hired help as the cast and crew, they decide to film a pornographic Star Wars parody, entitled Star Whores. Delaney, the film's producer and Zack's co-worker, rents film equipment and a building to use as a studio. When they return to the studio after the first night of filming, the building is being demolished, with all the equipment and costumes inside. They are told that the man that rented it to them had run off with the money. Later at the coffee shop where Zack works, he realizes that his boss threatened to install a hidden camera, which Zack finds, and decides to use it to replace their lost film equipment. Zack retools his film to take place in the coffee shop, revamping the film to one with a coffee shop motif, Swallow My Cockuccino, and the group shoots the film after hours. Despite their insistence that they would not let sex with each other affect their friendship, Zack and Miri soon develop romantic feelings for each other. When it comes time for Zack and Miri to have sex on camera, they find that instead of the clinical sex enacted by the actors in the other scenes, their interlude is romantic and heartfelt. Later that evening, Zack and Miri are at home when suddenly their apartment's electricity and water service return. The rest of the actors and crew show up and reveal that they pooled their resources to pay one month of their bills, and have come over to throw them a party. At the party, one of the other actresses, Stacey, asks Miri if it is okay for her to ask Zack to have sex. Although Miri has realized that she has developed feelings for Zack, she tells her it is okay to ask him. When Stacey relates this to Zack, the two retreat to Zack's bedroom, much to Miri's dismay. The next evening, Zack is preparing to film a scene between Stacey and another actor, Lester, that was supposed to have been with Lester and Miri. Zack is dismayed when Miri shows up and insists on shooting the scene as originally planned. In the back room, an incredulous Zack asks if she is doing this as a form of retaliation, pointing out that Stacey told him that Miri did not mind her sleeping with Zack. Miri corrects him, clarifying that she did not mind that Stacey merely made the offer to sleep with him. Perceiving this to have been some type of test, Zack admits that during the sex scene they filmed together, they were actually making love and that there was an emotional connection between them, and that he loves Miri. When Miri does not reciprocate, Zack storms out of the coffee shop, quitting the film and his job, and moves out of the apartment. Three months later, Delaney goes to see Zack, who has moved on to an exterior concessions job at Mellon Arena during Pittsburgh Penguins games. Delaney convinces him to come to Delaney's home to see the unfinished film and help complete it. Zack agrees, and as Delaney and the cameraman Deacon explain, Zack learns that Miri never filmed her sex scene with Lester. Zack goes to Miri's apartment and reveals to her that he never slept with Stacey; instead, they talked about Miri all night. He pours his heart out to Miri, proclaiming his love for her, which she reciprocates. In the epilogue, the audience learns that Zack and Miri are married, and with the help of Delaney and his worker's compensation settlement, they start their own video production company, Zack and Miri Make Your Porno, which makes amateur videos for couples."] ["Frustrated butcher Fred Ramsden  and his electrician mate Ernie Bragg ([[Jack Douglas  happily head off for a fishing trip while their respective wives Sylvia  and Vera  look forward to their health farm holiday. Once at the caravan site of Major Leafe , Fred starts making eyes at a couple of gorgeous campers, Carol  and Sandra . However, Ernie incriminates himself by talking in his sleep! With their infidelities certain to be repeated in the marital bed after their holiday, Fred is despondent. Meanwhile, Professor Roland Crump  has teamed up with Roman expert Anna Vooshka  in an archaeological dig on the caravan site. Arthur Upmore  and his wife Linda  are saddled with her mother Daphne  and her vulgar mynah bird. Arthur is caught in a compromising position with blonde babe Norma Baxter  whose husband Joe  is lumbered with their giant wolfhound. After a few pints with the amused pub landlord ([[David Lodge , Fred and Ernie discover that the caravan site is riddled with holes. However, Daphne is only concerned with the discovery of her estranged husband, Henry Barnes  living a downtrodden life as the camp's odd-job man,despite having won the Pools. Major Leafe is determined to give the place a boost and arranges an evening cabaret for the caraveners but a mix-up over the phone secures a stripper, Veronica , rather than the singer he wanted. With Carol and Sandra having hooked up with archaeology students, Bob  and Clive  Fred and Ernie pick up Maureen  and Sally , a couple of beauties from the village. Some wet paint, the rain and their wives soon bring their planned night of passion to a halt!"] ['The film begins at the beheading of Anne Boleyn. Just as Anne, lays her head in the block, and the executioner raises the axe, she tries to persuade him to let her live. The executioner is then revealed to be Kevin , who then decided to let her live. To show her thanks, Anne then begins oral sex with Kevin. This is then shown to be a day dream, as Kevin is doing his homework about Boleyn. Through writing in his diary, Kevin tells the story of how he has wanted to lose his Virginity for three years. He also speaks about his strong friendship with Perry . The two then goes to a newsagents to buy a pornographic magazine, paying in change. With the arrival of a police officer the boys begin to get nervous, ending up throwing the change at the shop owner, snatching the magazine and making a sharp exit from the shop. Whilst walking down the road, the boys spot Kevin\'s dad Ray  walking toward them. Kevin throws the magazine to Perry, who then throws it back. As they continue to dispute over who should hold it, the magazine ends up falling onto the pavement in full view. In a bid to cover it, Kevin drops to the floor, telling his dad that he is tired and need to sleep, resulting in Perry dropping to the floor pretending to sleep just to cover the dropped magazine. Back at Kevin\'s house, whilst reading the magazine, the boys come up with the idea to go to Ibiza to become DJ\'s and get "guaranteed Sex". The idea is then stopped by Kevin\'s parents Ray, and Sheila  saying that they can\'t go due to Kevin\'s bad grades on his school report. An argument then pursues between Ray and Kevin, resulting in Kevin storming out of the room threatening to run away. Kevin is then seen sat in a bush day dreaming about what it would be like if he was dead. The Vicar  reads a statement written by Kevin. In the dream, Sheila cries, saying Kevin\'s name, which turns out to be Sheila calling Kevin in for his Tea, showing that Kevin ran away to the bush at the end of the garden. Once at the table, Ray and Sheila tell the boys they can go to Ibiza, on the premise that they have to get a job to pay for it. The boys search everywhere for a job, going to the local CD shop and washing a lady\'s car in return for an egg. On the way home, the boys pass a house party on with they join. inside, they see everybody making out out with each other. The boys stand and watch one couple whilst dribbling on the lady\'s foot. Upstairs, Kevin goes into one of the bedrooms and gets into the bed. Sharon , enters the room hungover from the drinking, strips to her Bra and Knickers and gets into the bed with Kevin, making him go Erect. Kevin lies in the bed for hours with his erection as Sharon sleeps next to him. Perry then enters the room laughing to see Kevin in bed with a girl. Kevin then tells Perry that he had sex with Sharon 3 times but is overheard by Sharon\'s mate Stacey. In another bid to make money, the boys go to the high street and play their mixes to the crowds. Sharon then arrives and confronts Kevin about his accusations that they had sex. Kevin, going red with embarrassment, leaves, followed by Perry as the crowd chants \'virgins\'. Walking home, Kevin is asked to sign for the delivery of his dads Credit card. Kevin then takes the card to the bank to steal the money for the flights from his dads bank account. At the bank, they bump into Sharon and Stacey, Sharon calls then virgins before leaving. As they approach the desk the woman working at the window screams as a robber , pointing a gun at her approaches. He tells Kevin and Perry to sit at a near table before throwing a bag at the woman and demanding she fills with money. Kevin stares at the woman\'s breasts as she is filling the bag causing him to go erect, his penis activates the banks alarm system by pressing a button hidden underneath the table. With the robber caught by Kevin, the bank manager awards Kevin and Perry with cash. Back at home, Kevin and Perry are told by Ray and Sheila that they are going to Ibiza, hating the idea at first, they boys then warm to it, realizing that they have all of their reward money to spend. The boys then create a new tune, and pack for their holiday. Once in Ibiza, the boys spot the \'girls of their dreams\' Candice  and Gemma . They also meet Eye Ball Paul . Once at the Motel, Kevin argues with his dad before going to the beach. Once at the beach, the boys see Candice and Gemma. Zooming into the Gemma\'s breasts with their cameras the boys get erect. They dig and bury their erections in the sand as the girls pass but find they are stuck. To cool down they drag themselves to the sea. Once out of the sea, they sit with Candice and Gemma at a table in the beach bar. Candice then pretends to be on the phone to someone listing different clubs in Ibiza to go for a night out. The boys buy them a drink. The phone then rings and Candice slams to phone to the table. They drink their drinks and quickly leave the table. That night, the boys walk down the high street filming the events around them and themselves. Kevin then films a couple snogging which turns out to be Ray and Sheila. The 4 then go to a restaurant for a meal. Kevin sulks and Perry goes erect from Ray and Sheila flirting, as he fancies Sheila. The flirting results in Kevin leaving the table, followed by Perry, punching his erection to make it go down. The boys then notice "Amnesia," a club Eye Ball Paul is playing at. They enter the club with Paul, who allows the boys to play him some of their mixes. They boys then dance the night away in the club. Outside, Candice and Gemma are refused entry by the doorman , citing their appearance as a reason. In the morning, the boys return to the motel. Once inside they walk in on Ray and Sheila naked on the sofa. The boys enter the room and hear as Ray and Sheila continue to have sex, They then go to sleep. Later that day, the boys go to Paul\'s house, who has them paint his bathroom and clean his toilet in exchange for listening to their tapes. Leaving Paul\'s house, they boys go the beach. Listening to their music with their earphones in, they notice Candice and Gemma. They plan out how they will approach the girls, but speak so loud the whole beach listens in on them. Kevin begins walking toward the girls but Perry stops to urinate, accidentally defecating in the process, this chases Kevin landing in his mouth. The Boys then try other ways of woo-ing the girls, including riding Mopeds after seeing two women laughing on the back of mopeds at the beach. This plan however fails as they crash the mopeds. That night the boys take Candice and Gemma to the club, after the girls have a makeover. Once in the club dancing, Men throw up on Kevin and Perry after taking drugs. Kevin and Perry go back to the Motel. That night Perry films Ray and Sheila having Sex. The following day, Paul listens to their music as they boys clean his kitchen. He stumbles across the taping of Ray and Sheila and shows it everyone, resulting in Kevin and Perry falling out. Perry goes to the beach and helps a little boy build a sand castle. Kevin goes to the street and sits next to a dog. He sees Candice and Gemma walking past with two blonde boys who they bumped into the club the night the men was sick on the boys. He incorrectly thinks they are dating and runs back to the motel crying. Back on the beach, Perry, just after finishing the castle sees the girls walk past with the boys. He asks them if they are together, but the girls say that they are Gay Lovers. Candice and Gemma then show Perry that they both have feelings for him and Kevin. Perry then begins to back to the motel. Ray and Sheila whilst walking to the motel, sees Kevin crying on the balcony. Knowing that something has happened, they plan to go for a meal just the three. Perry walks past Paul\'s who hand him their back, due to them leaving it behind during the argument. He tells Perry that he likes their song, and that he will play it in the club, giving them a lift in his limo. Perry heads back, and tells Kevin the good news regarding Paul and the girls. In the process they also make up. That night, The boy along with The girls go to the club with Paul. Ray and Sheila leaving the restaurant sees Kevin and Perry enter the club and decide to go in as well to see what it is like. Inside, Paul puts on the boys sing, which becomes an instant club favourite. Perry then notices that Paul mixes the music with the recordings on the Camera, resulting in Ray and Sheila\'s sex being shown on the screen, embarrassing the couple hidden in the crowd. In the end, the boys song becomes a fan favorite much to Paul\'s dislike. He turns of the song and makes the crowd angry. A dispute happens which ends up with paul being punched from m the DJ booth into the crowd by the driver. Kevin and Perry the take over as Dj\'s and continue their song, with the club dancing through the night. Ray and Sheila, back at the motel, lie in bed with embarassment due to the video. Later that night, Kevin and Perry lose their virginity to Candice and Gemma and vice versa.  In the Epilogue, the boys are seen signing copies of their record in a music store, whilst Kevin\'s parents are seen signing copies of a video they have made about better mid-marriage sex.'] ['The following fall semester after the happenings in The Naked Mile, Erik Stifler and his buddy Mike "Cooze" Coozeman are now incoming college freshmen at the University of Michigan. As soon as they arrive, Erik meets his new roommate Bobby, as well as a cute girl named Ashley taking a shower in the coed bathrooms. Soon enough, Erik\'s cousin, Dwight Stifler, invites Erik, Cooze, and Bobby to a Beta House party. They learn how they can gain eligibility to pledge for the Beta House fraternity and meet Wesley, who was initiated into the Beta house from his ability to black out real easy when he drinks. In the meantime, Erik and Ashley begin dating. On their first date, Erik accidentally gets hot soup poured all over himself, so Ashley brings him to her room to clean up. When she then goes to put lotion on Erik\'s burns, he accidentally ejaculates all over Ashley\'s things, including her teddy bear. Erik apologizes, and explains to Ashley about the masturbation incident that made sex "taboo" in his house a few months prior, and how he hasn\'t had sex since his ex-girlfriend Tracy broke up with him. At the same time, Cooze falls for Ashley\'s roommate, Denise. Unfortunately whenever Cooze tries to get intimate with Denise, she feels nervous about Cooze getting in her pants, but she\'s still willing to give Cooze handjobs. After talking with Erik, Bobby and Dwight about how Denise won\'t let him get into her pants yet gives him "the best handjobs he ever had", Cooze develops suspicions Denise might be a guy. But Dwight says the only way for Cooze to make sure is by getting into her pants. Alongside two other pledges, Erik, Cooze and Bobby complete 50 tasks to pledge, including getting their asses signed by a stripper, having sex with a professor, marrying a male friend in Canada, and placing a live ostrich in the Geek fraternity house. After they complete their final task, stealing something from the Geek house, the Geek\'s president, Edgar, challenges the Betas to the Greek Olympiad. Beta House alumni Noah Levenstein returns to campus to officiate the contest. The first competition is won by Beta House as Dwight and Edgar compete in removing girls\' bras. Beta House loses the next two competitions: a light saber duel and catching a greased pig. After learning that Edgar previously had sex with a sheep, the Betas use Edgar\'s wool fetish against him in the final challenge, ultimately costing him and his house the tournament. The Betas host a toga party, where Cooze, much to his relief, finally sleeps with Denise and all suspicions of her being a man are gone. The following morning, Wesley wakes up finally believing that his curse as the blackout menace is over, only to be confronted by the former Geek House bodybuilder. In a post-credits scene, Edgar instructs a stripper at Silver Dollar to dance with the headpiece of the sheep costume.<ref name10 December 2007|titleDVD|editionUniversal Pictures}}'] ['Extreme Movie takes the course of several different vignettes with Matthew Lillard\'s sex advice is intercut within every couple segments. Mike  tries to impress his crush, Stacy . Fred  meets a girl  online and they arrange for "menacing action", only for Fred to break into the wrong apartment. The promiscuous Betty  going to the "next level"  with Chuck , and later Fred. Justin  buys a vibrating vagina and falls in love with it, all the time while crushing on another girl; the vibrating vagina has a personality of its own and commits "suicide" when Justin rejects it. A Real Sex-esque skit where a girl admits to having sex with two black men on camera. Two guys, Barry and Leon ([[Kevin Hart , create a woman on their computer, only for her to run wild. Jessica , in an attempt to become horny, puts her vibrating cell phone in her vagina, only for it to fall in. Len ([[Ben Feldman  wakes up to find a girl and another guy  in his bed, and his parents home as well; the whole thing turns out to be a hidden camera show. Sex education teacher Mr. Matthews  teaches his class with no rules and a lot of embarrassment, usually centering on Mike. Ronny , obsessed with Abraham Lincoln, creates a time machine and travels back in time to have sex with Lincoln .'] ['In 1962, college freshmen Lawrence "Larry" Kroger  and Kent Dorfman  seek to join a fraternity at Faber College. They visit the prestigious Omega Theta Pi House\'s invitational party but are not welcomed there. They then try next door at Delta Tau Chi House, where Kent\'s brother was once a member, making Kent a "legacy." There they find John "Bluto" Blutarsky  urinating outside the fraternity house. The Deltas "need the dues" so they permit Larry and Kent to pledge. They receive the fraternity names "Pinto"  and "Flounder" . Vernon Wormer , dean of Faber College, wants to remove the Delta fraternity from campus due to repeated conduct violations and low academic standing. Since they are already on probation, he puts the Deltas on something he calls "double secret probation" and orders the clean-cut, smug Omega president Greg Marmalard  to find a way to get rid of the Deltas permanently. Flounder is bullied by Omega member and ROTC cadet commander Doug Neidermeyer , so Bluto and Daniel Simpson "D-Day" Day  persuade Flounder to sneak Neidermeyer\'s horse into Dean Wormer\'s office late at night. They give him a gun and tell him to shoot it. Unbeknownst to Flounder, the gun is loaded with blanks. Unable to bring himself to kill the horse, he fires into the ceiling. The noise frightens the horse so much that it dies of a heart attack. In the cafeteria the next day, smooth-talking Eric "Otter" Stratton  tries to convince the stuck-up Mandy Pepperidge  to abandon her boyfriend, the uninterested Marmalard, and date him instead. Bluto proceeds to provoke Marmalard with his impression of a popping zit by stuffing his mouth with mashed potatoes and propelling it at Marmalard and table mates, Chip Diller  and Barbara "Babs" Jansen . Bluto then starts a food fight that engulfs the cafeteria. Bluto and D-Day steal the answers to an upcoming psychology test, but it turns out the Omegas planted the exam stencil and the Deltas get every answer wrong. Their grade-point averages drop so low that Wormer only needs one more incident to revoke the charter that allows them to remain on campus. To cheer themselves up, the Deltas organize a toga party, during which Otis Day and the Knights perform "Shout". The dean\'s alcoholic, lecherous wife, Marion , attends the party at Otter\'s invitation and has sex with him. Pinto hooks up with Clorette , a girl he met at the supermarket, and makes out with her only to learn she is the mayor\'s 13-year-old daughter. He later brings her home in a shopping cart. Due to the party, Wormer organizes a kangaroo court with the Omegas and revokes Delta\'s charter and all belongings are confiscated. To take their minds off their troubles, Otter, Donald "Boon" Schoenstein , Flounder and Pinto go on a road trip. Otter picks up some girls from Emily Dickinson College by pretending to be the fiancé of Fawn Liebowitz, a girl who recently died on campus. They stop at a roadhouse because Otis Day and the Knights are performing there, not realizing that it caters to an exclusively black clientele. The hulking patrons intimidate the guys and they flee, damaging Flounder\'s borrowed car and leaving their frightened dates behind. Boon breaks up with his girlfriend Katy  after discovering her sexual relationship with a professor . Marmalard is told that his girlfriend is having an affair with Otter, so he and other Omegas lure him to a motel and beat him up. The Deltas\' midterm grades are so poor that an ecstatic Wormer expels them all. He even notifies their draft boards of their eligibility. In the process, before Bluto attempts to speak to the dean, Wormer orders Flounder to speak with the words, "Well? Out with it!", whereupon Flounder vomits on the dean. It seems time for the Deltas to give up but Bluto, supported by the injured Otter, rouses them with an impassioned, historically inaccurate speech  and they decide to take revenge on Wormer and the Omegas. The Deltas construct a rogue parade float with Flounder\'s car as its base and wreak havoc on the annual homecoming parade. During the ensuing chaos, the futures of many of the main characters are revealed. The last shot of the film is of Bluto driving away in a white convertible with his soon-to-be wife: Mandy Pepperidge.'] ['Viva Erotica is a sex-comedy film, though with a serious subject of how an artist has to compromise with his talents for living. The film is about an unsuccessful film-director Kwok-Wing  and his producer Chung , who agrees to make Category III sex/porn movies for their financial stability. Their movie projects are financed by a gangster head turned film boss Pui (Played by [[Paul Chun . Shu Qi and Karen Mok played the roles of the leading actresses in the movie. In the end, Wing finally decides not to kill his artistic talent by making a flesh-oriented porn movie.'] ['Andy Stitzer  is the eponymous 40 year-old virgin; he is involuntarily celibate. He lives alone, is somewhat childlike, collects action figures, plays video games, and his social life seems to consist of watching Survivor with his elderly neighbors. He works in the stockroom at an electronics store called SmartTech. When a friend drops out of a poker game, Andy\'s co-workers David , Cal , and Jay  reluctantly invite Andy to join them. At the game, when conversation turns to past sexual exploits, Andy desperately makes up a story, but admits his virginity when he compares the feel of a woman\'s breast to a "bag of sand". Feeling sorry for him , the group resolves to help Andy lose his virginity. Throughout the next several days, the gang’s efforts prove to be unsuccessful, partly because all three men give Andy different and sometimes contradictory advice. They take him to have his chest waxed . Cal advises Andy to simply ask questions when talking to women, which makes Andy seem mysterious. His advice proves to be the most helpful, when Beth , a bookstore clerk, takes a liking to Andy. Andy starts to open up, and begins to form true friendships with his co-workers. David continues to obsess over his ex-girlfriend, Amy . After meeting her unexpectedly during a speed-dating event attended by the group, he has an emotional breakdown while making a sale and is subsequently sent home by store manager Paula , who promotes Andy to fill in for him. Jay, seeing Andy\'s continued reluctance to approach female customers, attempts to force the issue by hiring Andy a prostitute. When Andy discovers that Jay has inadvertently hired a transvestite, he is prompted to confront his friends, and tells them that he is taking matters into his own hands. Andy lands a date with Trish Piedmont , a woman he met on the sales floor who owns a store across the street. After Andy and Trish\'s first date, in which they are interrupted by Trish’s teenage daughter Marla  as they are about to have sex, Andy decides to tell Trish he is a virgin. Before he can tell her, Trish suggests that they postpone having sex, to which Andy enthusiastically agrees; they decide they won’t have sex until their twentieth date. Meanwhile, Paula is impressed by Andy\'s salesmanship and promotes him to floor manager. As Andy draws closer to his twentieth date with Trish, his friends begin to deal with the consequences of their lifestyles. David, still spiraling in his obsession with Amy, has become disillusioned with sex and has taken a vow of celibacy, prompting Cal to lure him out by hiring an attractive young woman named Bernadette  to work in the stockroom. After overreacting during an argument with an obnoxious customer ([[Kevin Hart , Jay reveals that his girlfriend Jill broke up with him after learning he has been cheating on her. Andy comforts Jay, who says that sex can ruin a relationship. However, Jill later decides to take Jay back . Andy and Trish’s relationship grows, and Trish suggests that Andy sell his collectible action figures in order to raise enough money to open his own store. When they finally reach the twentieth date, Andy is still reluctant and resists Trish, upsetting her. An argument ensues, in which Andy accuses Trish of pushing him into changing his life against his will, and Andy leaves for the nightclub where Jay is celebrating his girlfriend’s pregnancy. He quickly gets drunk, and after running into Beth, leaves for her apartment with her. Meanwhile, David finally relinquishes his celibacy and hooks up with Bernadette, and Trish’s daughter Marla convinces her to go and make up with Andy. By this time Andy has sobered up and, after witnessing Beth\'s methods of foreplay, he starts to have second thoughts. As Andy is leaving her bathroom, he finds his friends waiting outside, having followed to warn him about Beth and encourage him to go back to Trish. They leave together , and Andy returns to his apartment, where he finds Trish waiting for him. He attempts to apologize, but Trish, having found myriad suspicious belongings in his apartment, now thinks that Andy may be some sort of sexual deviant. Andy tries to convince her otherwise and declares his love for her, but she leaves in alarm and disgust. Andy chases after her on his bike but eventually runs headlong into the side of a truck. Trish rushes to his side in concern, and he finally confesses to her that he is a virgin. She is surprised to learn that this is the reason behind his strange behavior, as she does not consider it to be important, and they kiss. Later, Andy and Trish are married in a lavish ceremony with everyone in attendance, with a sidelong mention of Andy\'s action figures having sold for approximately half a million dollars. Afterwards, consummate the marriage, ending Andy\'s status as a virgin. The film ends with a celebratory fantasy musical scene in which the cast of the film sing and dance to "Aquarius/Let the Sunshine In".'] ['Frustrated with the fact that he cannot give his wife Priscilla  an orgasm, Jack  moves out of the house and starts a relationship with Kristen , his student. Unfulfilled, Priscilla forms an unlikely partnership with Wayne , a businessman more than twice her age.'] ['Carlos  is a 21-year old who finds himself married to Camila , his 18-year old girlfriend after dating for five years and discovering that she is pregnant. Carlos decides to pursue married life since, he thinks, people marry every day and thus everything will work out fine. He gets a job to support his new family but does not realize the seriousness of his decisions until he discovers that his new boss  is having an affair with his secretary, Lucy , and Monica, his attractive new co-worker  is attempting to seduce him. To complicate things even more, Camila\'s father does not approve of the decision that she and Carlos made. Carlos struggles to defend himself against his father-in-law and from peer-pressure to be unfaithful to his wife. The title of the film derives from Carlos\' co-workers theory that -in Mexico\'s demographics- every man is "entitled" to seven women and a homosexual.'] ["Leslie Hindenberg has just entered senior year, but going to the doctors to get a mole checked out she mistakenly believes she only has six weeks to live and goes about trying to lose her virginity. However it's quite hard when her father is the school's PE coach. While on the other side of the coin is Alan Holt, whose pals brag about their sexual encounters, which leaves him rather frustrated as he can't stop thinking about sex as he goes about trying to lose his virginity anyway possible."] ['Richard Cooper  is a happily married man, professionally successful, perfectly content with his home life in suburban New York, his lovely wife Brenda , a teacher, and his two young children. There is one problem in his marriage: their sex life has stagnated, leaving Richard frustrated and sex-starved. At one point, Brenda accuses Richard of being on the down-low. During those dull days at the office, he occasionally fantasizes about other women, but never acts upon his impulses. An encounter with an attractive old friend, Nikki , suddenly casts doubt over his typically resilient self-control. At first she claims to just want to be his friend, but she begins to show up consistently at his Manhattan financial office just to talk or have lunch, which causes his boss, secretaries and peers to view him with varying degrees of contempt. When Nikki begins to deliberately seduce Richard, he does not know what to do. Against his better judgment, he flies with her out of town for one day on an errand, where he is beaten by her boyfriend, and returns too late to make a sales presentation at an important business meeting, causing the loss of a lucrative contract. Later, when she and her fiancé are about to move to Los Angeles, Nikki asks Richard to come to her apartment later to say a "proper goodbye." When he gets to Nikki\'s apartment, he finds her in her underwear in her bathroom. In the moments before it seems Richard will consummate his attraction to Nikki, he realizes how grave the loss of his wife and children would be, so he walks out on Nikki. Richard returns home, surprising his wife, and for the first time in the film, they begin to rebuild a genuine rapport, with a possible promise of good things to come.'] ['The film opens up by introducing Alfie , a charismatic, charming, bed-hopping, Vespa-riding Cockney who resides in Manhattan. An impeccably stylish lad in his late twenties, Alfie funds his hedonistic lifestyle by working as a driver for the local limousine service. Meeting, romancing, and seducing women comes as second nature to Alfie. In addition to maintaining a casual relationship with a single mother named Julie  that he refers to as his "semi-regular-quasi-sort-of-girlfriend thing", he also sleeps with various girls on the side, such as the married-yet-neglected-by-her-husband blonde named Dorie  whom he regularly meets for sex after work in the back of his limo. At the first inkling Dorie may desire their liaison to grow into something more, he decides to stop all contact. Alfie ultimately views women as expendable, cutting them loose as soon as he feels they\'re starting to cramp his style. Alfie\'s best friend, Marlon , is also a limo driver in the same company. In addition to their friendship, the two are working on a plan that would eventually see them start their own business. However, for the moment, Marlon is preoccupied with trying to win back his ex-girlfriend, Lonette , who dumped him after he hesitated to commit, and is now, despite his desperate efforts, stubbornly unresponsive to his reconciliation attempts. At a loss for ideas, Marlon eventually turns to Alfie for help by having him put in a good word with Lonette. This takes place late one night following a closing shift in a bar where Lonette is waitressing. As the staff is closing up, Alfie is trying to persuade her to take Marlon back, however, the conversation soon goes in a different direction and eventually after a few drinks, they end up having passionate sex on the pool table. Alfie is so terrified about facing his friend in the event he ever gets the word of what happened, but is amazed and relieved to be told by jubilant Marlon that Lonette got back with him the very next day after her "conversation" with Alfie. Around the same time, as he arrives to Julie\'s place looking for another booty call, Alfie is informed she no longer wants to see him since she found the proof of his infidelity . He seems to take it all in stride with a smile on his face as he disappears down her street. Alfie soon gets another unpleasant piece of news, this time from Lonette: she is pregnant with his child. Without telling Marlon, the two of them visit a clinic in order for her to have an abortion. Soon afterwards, Marlon and Lonette unexpectedly move upstate without even saying goodbye to Alfie. Alfie is then faced with an erectile problem that causes him plenty of embarrassment in front of his next few female conquests. Following repeated failures to achieve an erection with various women, he visits a doctor who performs an examination and reassures him there\'s nothing wrong physically that would stand in his way of achieving one, thus writing his erectile problems off to "probably stress". However, it\'s not all good news as the same doctor locates a lump, indicating a possibility of testicular cancer. Alfie immediately has a test run at the clinic and spends a few anxious days awaiting the results. During one of his trips to the hospital, Alfie meets an older man named Joe  in the clinic bathroom. After a brief conversation during which he reveals he\'s a widower, Joe imparts some life advice to depressed Alfie: "Find somebody to love, and live every day like it\'s your last". This is followed by him offering his card to Alfie "in case he wants someone to talk to". Soon afterwards, luckily, Alfie finds out he doesn\'t have cancer. Alfie takes the whole erection episode followed by a mortal health scare to heart and decides that "aiming higher" in his love life will be his new resolution. To that end, he picks up a beautiful young woman named Nikki  before Christmas, and they quickly embark on a passionate but turbulent relationship against the winter holidays backdrop. Soon after moving in together, Alfie is not happy about having to endure Nikki\'s wild mood swings and reckless behavior that occur as a result of her decision to go off her medication. While beginning to distance himself emotionally from Nikki, he sets his sights on an older woman, Liz , a sultry cosmetics mogul whom he meets in the company of an older man while driving them around. Although Alfie is clearly quite taken with her confident flair and high society ways, she, unlike many of the women in Alfie\'s life, seemingly displays no intent to move their relationship past the physical stage. Unsurprisingly, his infatuation with Liz serves as the final catalyst that leads to the end of his interest in Nikki, who soon moves out of his life. Not long afterwards, a chance meeting with his ex Julie in a coffee shop renews his feelings for her. To his dismay, she\'s now happily involved with someone else, filling Alfie with feelings of regret over his years of thoughtless womanizing. A trip upstate to visit Marlon and his now-wife, Lonette, reveals that she never actually went through with the abortion opting instead to give birth to Alfie\'s child. Alfie also learns that Marlon accepted the baby and cares for it now as though it\'s his biological child, all of which leaves Alfie feeling horrible. Downcast and gloomy, Alfie digs up the number given to him by a man named Joe from the clinic bathroom and calls him up. Walking along the beach together, Joe imparts some words of encouragment to Alfie. He then turns to Liz for reassurance and comfort, but is crushed to discover that she has a new man in her life. Completely rattled, Alfie insists to know what her new boyfriend has that he doesn\'t, to which she, after some initial hesitation, simply states: "he\'s younger than you". Shocked and dismayed by one blow after another, Alfie happens to run into Dorie. She walks by the docks late one night, but at this point he is more interested in a shoulder to lean on than sex. She, however, informs him she\'s moved on, and, though cordial and polite, generally lets him know she wants no part of him anymore. The film ends with Alfie\'s monologue in which he begins to question his shallow self-indulgent lifestyle.'] ['Four friends, annoyed at how almost everyone else they know is having sex but them, agree to do what they can to help each other lose their virginity before the end of the summer. Most of their opportunities are foiled by their inexperience and bad planning. Michael, the most sensible boy of the foursome, really just wants to stay with his long-time girlfriend and take their relationship to an intimate level, but after putting him off for six months he grows impatient and splits up with her to seek his fortune elsewhere."IMDB"'] ["Gabriel , an office temp by day and aspiring Broadway composer by night, becomes smitten with Mark , a go-go dancer, in a gay bar with whom he makes eye contact. The two meet again in the subway that very night, and go back to Gabriel's place to have sex. They're thwarted in the attempt, however, first by Gabriel's aspiring actress friend Katherine , who is obsessed with her role in an adaptation of Salomé set in a women's prison, and then by Gabriel's roommate Rich , who returns home with his girlfriend Judy , with similar  plans for the apartment. Gabriel and Rich argue over which of them should get to use the apartment that night, and decide to settle the matter with a coin toss. When Gabriel loses the coin toss and he and Mark have to leave, Gabriel seeks out his friend Perry  to request the use of Perry's place. Unfortunately, as Perry escorts Gabriel and Mark there, they run into Perry's ex-boyfriend . Perry and his ex tearfully reconcile and they go back to Perry's, frustrating Gabriel and Mark yet again. The two then decide to hit a gay club for some dancing. There, a malicious drag queen  corners Gabriel in the restroom. She badmouths Mark to Gabriel, telling him of the time they tricked{{spaced ndash}}which sounds very much like how Gabriel and Mark met{{spaced ndash}}and how Mark left abruptly after climaxing, leaving her with a fake phone number to boot. Crushed by this news, Gabriel decides to take off. Mark follows Gabriel back to Gabe and Rich's apartment to talk{{spaced ndash}}and also because he's left his house keys there. They go in to look for the keys and try to talk things out while Judy mediates topless. Mark asserts that while he did indeed trick once with Miss Coco, it was actually the latter who tried to take advantage of him by secretly videotaping their encounter without Mark's consent. Gabriel accepts this story but still doesn't trust Mark, so Mark angrily leaves. Judy then finds Mark's keys, and Gabriel chases after Mark with them down into the New York subway system. Just when it seems that Mark is gone forever, he reappears; he and Gabriel made a connection after all. Having reconciled, they decide to get something to eat but{{spaced ndash}}in yet another turn of events{{spaced ndash}}run into Katherine and some of her theatre friends at a diner, where Katherine proceeds to monopolize the conversation. Gabriel finally blows up at her, and Katherine, humiliated, melts down and leaves in a huff. Gabriel chases after her and apologizes; they smooth things over and Katherine and Company depart. As the new morning dawns, Mark gives Gabriel his phone number, they kiss, and Mark heads home. Gabriel calls the number on a nearby payphone, and is relieved to learn that it's Mark's actual number. While they never found a spot to trick, Mark and Gabriel instead formed a budding relationship beyond the simple one-night-stand they'd first been trying for."] ['Jamie McGregor  is a virginal sixth-former in suburbia delivering groceries for the local supermarket, but he is more interested in other matters - Mary, Linda, Paula and Caroline. He tries to seduce the girls of his dreams in the swinging sixties.'] ["Timmy Lea and his brother-in-law Sidney Noggett are working as entertainment officers at Funfrall, a typical British holiday camp. The staff are lazy and inefficient, preferring to laze by the pool rather than organise activities for the holiday campers. A new owner, Mr. Whitemonk, an ex-prison officer, takes over the camp and is determined to install discipline into the staff. He is on the verge of dismissing Timmy and Sidney; however, Sidney's suggestion of organising a beauty contest changes his mind. Producer Michael Klinger wasn't happy with the script, noting a number of problems that he felt detracted from the quality that set the series apart from its imitators.http://michaelklingerpapers.uwe.ac.uk/docs1/holiday%20camp2.pdf"] [" Set in the poorer Naples of 1953, Adelina  supports her unemployed husband Carmine  and child by selling black market cigarettes. When she doesn't pay a fine, her furniture is to be repossessed. However her neighbors assist her by hiding the furniture. A lawyer who lives in the neighborhood advises Carmine that as the fine and furniture is in Adelina's name, she will be imprisoned. However, Italian law stipulates that women cannot be imprisoned when pregnant or within six months after a pregnancy. As a result Adelina schemes to purposely stay pregnant. After seven children, Carmine is seriously exhausted and Adelina must make the choice of being impregnated by their mutual friend Pasquale  or be incarcerated.  Anna  is the wife of a mega-rich industrialist who has a lover named Renzo . Whilst driving together in her husband's Rolls-Royce, Anna must determine which is the most important to her happiness - Renzo or the Rolls. Renzo rethinks his infatuation with Anna when she expresses no concern when they nearly run over a child.  Mara  works as a prostitute from her apartment, servicing a variety of high class clients including Augusto , the wealthy, powerful and neurotic son of a Bologna industrialist. Mara's elderly neighbour's grandson visiting them is a handsome and callow young man studying for the priesthood but not yet ordained who falls in love with Mara. To the shrieking dismay of his grandmother, the young man wishes to leave the clergy to be with Mara or to join the French Foreign Legion if Mara rejects him. Mara vows to set the young man on the path of righteousness back to the seminary and enlists the reluctant Augusto. Mara provides a strip tease at the climax of the film."] ['Priscilla is married to an artist called Leon. However Leon isn\'t showing much interest in his wife so she hatches a plot to win back his affections. Ollie plays the butler. Stan arrives at the door to sell paint and has a fight with Ollie. Priscilla employs Stan to "Make love to her" and ensure Leon becomes jealous. Ollie has to wash and dress Stan and make him look presentable enough to fool Leon at a dinner party that night. Priscilla admits to Leon what she has done and he pulls a gun to teach the \'home-wrecker\' a lesson. Leon corners Stan and admits he\'s just acting to make Priscilla think he\'s really jealous. Ollie doesn\'t realise this and he chases Stan out of the house with a rifle. Ollie returns looking shaken. A police officer follows him and says "You nearly blew my brains out". Leon and Priscilla hug.'] ['Four good friends from western Michigan, high school seniors, Kevin Myers , a confident student with a girlfriend named Vicky ; Chris "Oz" Ostreicher ([[Chris Klein , a member of the high school lacrosse team; Jim Levenstein , an awkward and sexually naïve character whose dad  attempts to offer sexual advice including purchasing and giving him pornography; and Paul Finch , a cappuccino-drinking sophisticate, make a pact, at Kevin\'s initiation, to lose their virginity before their high school graduation after a dorky classmate, Chuck Sherman ([[Chris Owen , claims to have done so at a party hosted by Steve Stifler , an ignorant and obnoxious lacrosse player who happens to be a close friend to the main four boys. Vicky later accuses Kevin of being with her only for sex, and he must try and repair his relationship with her before the upcoming prom night, when the four plan to lose their virginity. He eventually succeeds. Oz, meanwhile, joins the jazz choir in an effort to lose his reputation as an insensitive jock and finds a girlfriend there. He soon wins the attention of Heather , a girl in the choir. However, he runs into problems when Heather comes to learn about Oz\'s reputation and subsequently breaks up with him, although he later manages to regain some of her trust, and later most of it when he leaves the lacrosse championship to perform a duet with her in a choir competition. Jim, meanwhile, attempts to pursue Nadia , an exchange student from Czechoslovakia who asks Jim for help to study for an upcoming test. Stifler persuades him to set up a webcam in his room so that they can all watch it together. The plan suffers a hiccup, though, when Nadia discovers Jim\'s pornography collection and sits half-naked on his bed to read and masturbate to it. Jim is persuaded to return to his room, where he joins Nadia, unaware that he accidentally sent the weblink to the entire school directory and the members of the pop-punk band Blink-182. As Nadia is preparing to have sex with him, he prematurely ejaculates twice, humiliating himself live in front of the entire school. Shortly afterwards Nadia leaves school and goes back home, now leaving Jim completely dateless for prom, and his likeliness of losing his virginity before high school is over. In sheer desperation, Jim asks band camp geek Michelle Flaherty  to the senior prom as she is apparently the only girl at his school who did not see what happened. Finch, meanwhile, pays Vicky\'s friend, Jessica , $200 to spread rumors around the school of his sexual prowess, hoping that it will increase his chances of success. Unfortunately, he runs into trouble when Stifler, angry that a girl turned him down for the prom because she was waiting for Finch to ask her, puts a laxative into Finch\'s cappuccino. Finch, being paranoid about the lack of cleanliness in the school restrooms, and unable to go home to use the toilet as he usually does, is tricked by Stifler into using the girls\' restroom. Afterward, he emerges before many other fellow students, humiliated and is left dateless. At the prom, everything seems hopeless for the four boys until Vicky asks the girl that Chuck Sherman claimed to have bedded about her "first time." She proclaims to everyone at the prom that she and Sherman did not have sex at Stifler\'s party, leaving Sherman embarrassed and making him wet himself. The revelation takes the pressure off of Jim, Kevin, Oz and Finch, and they head to the post-prom party with new hope. At the after-party at Stifler\'s house, all four boys fulfill their pledge. Kevin and Vicky have sex in an upstairs bedroom. Vicky breaks up with Kevin afterwards on the grounds that they will drift apart when they go to college, with him attending the University of Michigan and her at Cornell University; he tries to persuade her otherwise but quickly realizes that the distance between the two schools will be too much of a burden. Oz confesses the pact to Heather, and renounces it, saying that just by them being together makes him a winner. They reconcile and wind up making love together on the dock. Oz, honoring his newfound sensitivity, never confesses to what they did. Jim and Michelle have sex after he finds out that she is actually not as naïve as she let on and that she saw the "Nadia Incident" after all. She accepted his offer to be his date because of it, knowing he was a "sure thing," but she makes him wear two condoms to combat his earlier "problem" with Nadia. Jim is surprised to discover that Michelle behaves unexpectedly aggressively in bed. In the morning he wakes up to find her gone and realizes that she had used him for a one-night stand, which Jim thinks is "cool." Dateless, Finch strays downstairs to the basement recreation room where he meets Stifler\'s Mom . She is aroused by his precociousness, and they have sex on the pool table. In the morning, Stifler enters the room, realizes that his mom has had sex with Finch and faints, unable to believe that his mom and "Shit-break" are together. The morning after the prom Jim, Kevin, Oz, and Finch eat breakfast at their favorite restaurant - with the fitting nostalgic name, "Dog Years" - where they toast to "the next step." The film ends with Nadia watching Jim stripping on his webcam. His dad walks in but walks out and starts dancing like Jim.'] ['On Halloween night in 1965, a group of high school pranksters &ndash; the Hollywood Knights &ndash; enraged by the Beverly Hills Residents\' Association\'s success in arranging for the shutdown and demolition of their favorite hangout, "Tubby\'s Drive-In" diner, which is to be replaced by an office building, launch a sustained and comically vengeful campaign against the principals of the association and two bumbling local police officers charged keeping the "The Knights" in check during their last night in Beverly Hills. The ensuing antics include, among other things, a sexual encounter involving premature ejaculation, a punch bowl being "spiked" with urine, an initiation ceremony involving four pledges who are left in Watts wearing nothing but the car tires they are left to carry, a cheerleader who forgets to put on her underwear before performing at a pep rally, several impromptu drag races, and the lead character of Newbomb Turk  wearing a majordomo outfit and singing a version of \'Volare\' accompanied by the sounds of flatulence. "Mooning" also plays a prominent role in the film: one of the advertising slogans exploited the recent Apollo space program by touting that The Hollywood Knights was the first movie "to moon a man on the land."'] ["After a whirlwind courtship, an Air Force staff sergeant who is a Korean War veteran, Joe Fitzpatrick , and his wife Maggie , a dancer, try to make their marriage work. Joe is posted to Spain; back in New York, his wife learns that he has won a raffle making them the owners of custom-built, 1955 Lincoln Futura concept. The car is delivered to Spain where it attracts attention from many people, including a famous matador. The car also comes to the attention of Joe's commanding officer, who insists he ship it back to the States to avoid promoting the image of Americans as snobbishly wealthy. This upsets Maggie. In the end, Joe sells the car to the matador and he and Maggie are reconciled."] ['{{prose}} The film intertwines the story of four different couples and one threesome over the course of one sexual encounter, with specific chapters for each one: prelude, foreplay, sex, interlude, orgasm and afterglow. Each couple represents a specific archetype: * The Best Friends - Matt and Kristen decide to become friends with benefits, but discover romantic feelings for each other exist. * The Couple - Long-time couple Andrew and Abby are having trouble trying to put spice back into their lovelife and try something..."new". * The Exes - Mia and Eric meet up for a one-off after having broken up some time back. * The First Date - Jamie brings her womanizing date Ken back to her apartment. * The Roommates - The two friends are roommates and one friend tells the other to have sex with his girlfriend.'] ['After a weekend of emotional honesty at an Esalen-style retreat, Los Angeles sophisticates Bob and Carol Sanders  return to their life determined to embrace free love and complete openness. Bob and Carol happily reveal their ensuing love affairs to everyone, sparking both the curiosity and repulsion of their more conservative close friends Ted and Alice Henderson . When the two couples travel together to Las Vegas, Ted admits to an affair of his own. An outraged Alice demands that this new ethos be taken to its obvious conclusion: a mate-sharing foursome. But when they are actually ready to begin the deed, something within all four of them prevents it; the film never explains what that something is or may be. In the last scene of the movie, they are in the elevator coming down from their “trip”. They are shell shocked. All of them have woken up  to their collective morning after. The music swells “...what the world needs now is love sweet love..."'] ["Young couples experiment with anonymous group sex as a way to revitalize their troubled relationships. Through the experience they are forced to rethink the rudiments of a successful relationship: sex, love, and communication. One couple, James and Heather, have lost the spark in their relationship; a cold distance has grown between them and their intimate moments feel forced. Heather is a take-charge problem solver who sometimes gets too carried away for her own good. James, meanwhile, has recently discovered that he's easily manipulated. Another couple, Ellis and Renee, fear that they are at the beginning of the end of their relationship. Renee is thoughtful and honest, but recently she's found herself feeling slightly isolated and bored with Ellis, who puts on a brash, macho front to disguise his insecurity. Both couples seek therapy with Dr. Wellbridge, who offers them experimental treatment to rekindle the cooling relationship. On the doctor's orders, the couples embark on a partner swap that leaves some thrilled and others thwarted, but the truth about their relationships is revealed to all four."] ["In Campbell's film, a writer, a producer and a director are hired by seedy erotic film producer Benny U. Murdoch  to make a dirty movie based on the poem. However, they run into difficulty when each of the production's backers want a completely different style of film made. Then Murdoch makes off with the money, and the three have to produce four different versions of the movie to keep everybody happy - a gay Western, a hardcore porno, a family version and a Kung Fu-style production."] ['Best friends and nerds Lewis Skolnick  and Gilbert Lowe  enroll in Adams College to study computer science. The Alpha Betas, a fraternity to which many members of the school\'s football team belong, carelessly burn down their own house and seize the freshmen dorm for themselves. The college allows the displaced freshmen, living in the gymnasium, to join fraternities or move to other housing. Lewis, Gilbert, and other outcasts who cannot join a fraternity renovate a dilapidated home to serve as their own fraternity house. Also, Gilbert meets a cute but geeky accordion player named Judy. The Alpha Betas and their associated sorority, the Pi Delta Pis, harass the nerds by throwing a rock through their window. The campus police refuse to get involved, so the nerds appeal to the Greek Council . Its president Stan Gable , the leader of the Alpha Betas, rejects their complaints as the nerds are not a part of any fraternity. The nerds attempt to join a national fraternity, but all but one reject them. They meet U.N. Jefferson , the head of the black fraternity Lambda Lambda Lambda . Although Jefferson notes that the applicants are nerds, due to the Tri-Lambs\' rules, they receive probationary membership. The nerds prepare a party and invite Jefferson, but the party is nearly ruined before it starts when the Pi Delta Pis, after promising to be their dates, do not appear. However, thanks to Judy\'s sorority sisters  and a supply of marijuana, the party is successful. The Alpha Betas and Pis unleash pigs in the nerds\' house, then taunt and moon them; Jefferson sees firsthand the harassment the nerds face. The nerds, finally pushed too far, seek revenge. First, they perform a panty raid on the Pi Delta Pi house, using the distraction to drill holes in the ceiling, and mount a large television transmitter on the roof of the sorority house, in order to install view-adjustible video cameras, the transmission of which they can watch and maneuver via remote control on their television, to spy on the sorority girls while they undress. Then, the next day, the nerds sneak into the football team\'s locker room and put industrial-strength liniment in the players\' athletic supporters, resulting in a painful and humiliating football practice. The nerds\' ingenuity impresses Jefferson, who officially makes them the Adams College chapter of Lambda Lambda Lambda.  However, it does nothing to deter the Alpha Betas, as they continue to harass the nerds. The new Tri-Lambs realize they need to win control of the Greek Council by winning the annual Greek Games during homecoming. They use their intelligence to compete well with the Alpha Betas during the athletic portion of the event, ultimately finishing second. They then use topless photos taken from their Pi Delta cameras to easily win the charity sales and costume events, during which Lewis seduces Stan\'s girlfriend Betty Childs  by posing as Stan . The nerds\' elaborate, computer-driven musical production wins the final event of the Greek Games, and the Lambdas nominate Gilbert to succeed Stan as president of the Greek Council. The Alpha Betas are enraged, a fact made worse when Betty dumps Stan for Lewis . Their coach  critizizes them in anger at the locker room, pushing them over the edge, and they vandalize the Tri-Lambs\' house. Gilbert attempts to denounce the act at the homecoming pep rally, but Stan and two other Alpha-Betas attack him, and the sadistic Coach Harris turns on the school\'s dean when he intervenes. The assault is stopped when Jefferson and a group of angry Tri-Lambs from other chapters arrive on the scene. Gilbert makes an inspiring speech about how it feels to be mistreated just for being different, and Lewis invites anyone who has "ever felt stepped on, left out, picked on, put down" to come and join them. Betty, Judy, U.N., and many members of the assembled crowd, whether nerds or not, do so. The Tri-Lambs get the Alpha Beta house until theirs is repaired, while the Alpha Betas must live in the gymnasium. The film ends with the nerds celebrating their victory, accompanied by "We Are the Champions".'] ["The film opens with a passage, which states: This film is based on a recently discovered manuscript by one William Cobbler, which reveals that Henry VIII did in fact have two more wives. Although it was first thought that Cromwell originated the story, it is now known to be definitely all Cobbler's... from beginning to end. Henry VIII  has his wife Anne of Cleves  beheaded and quickly marries Marie of Normandy . This union was organised at the behest of bumbling Cardinal Wolsey  as Marie is cousin of King Francis I of France. Henry's wedding night ardour dies when he finds she reeks of garlic, but she refuses to stop eating it. Marie gets frustrated so soon receives amorous advances from Sir Roger de Lodgerley (Charles Hawtrey who, while still in his camp persona, is playing against [[Typecasting . Henry is keen to be rid of Marie, as he has met the lovely Bettina . Bettina is the daughter of the Earl of Bristol , a punning reference to Bristols. Thomas Cromwell  assists in ousting Marie by organising Lord Hampton of Wick  to kidnap the King in a staged plot. Cromwell and Lord Hampton also secretly plot to bring the king to harm as part of this escapade, but the false kidnapping fails. Henry seizes on Marie's infidelity with de Lodgerley to be free of her; all he needs is a confession from de Lodgerley. He orders Cromwell to extract a confession using any means necessary. This leads to a running joke in the torture chamber as Henry keeps changing his mind about the confession due to political necessities, requiring multiple changes and retractions of the original confession. Wolsey is baffled by all the intrigue, and Cromwell is driven to treason by all of Henry's unreasonable demands."] ["Sir William Mainwaring-Brown, a British Government Minister, puts forward a bill to battle filth  in the UK. However, that doesn't stop him having an affair with both Miss Parkyn  and Wendy . Opponents to the bill - mainly some hippies, led by Johnny - kidnap the Minister's best friend and co-founder of the bill, Barry Ovis, just as he is on the way to the church to marry his fiancee, Jean. Later and following a tip off by Johnny, the police raid the hippies' flat. The intention is to discredit Barry Ovis by making it appear that he was involved in an orgy and therefore, remove any credibility that the Law and Order Bill might have had. Thankfully , he escapes before the police discover him and dashes back to Sir William's flat followed by Damina, one of the hippies. Meanwhile, the Minister is also trying to use the flat to carry on his affairs with both Wendy and Miss Parkyn. The Minister, Barry and Jean try to keep the truth from Inspector Ruff, Wilfred Potts  and Birdie . Not only that, but they have to try to deal with the hippies who do their utmost to discredit Mainwaring-Brown and Ovis. Naturally this causes no end of trouble."] ['Having fortuitously discovered a photograph in which Marthe embraces someone unknown, clothed with a chequed jacket, Étienne Dorsay becomes jealous, and imagines various stratagems to identify the lover. In the meantime, Étienne and his friends acquire a weekend house for a very low price. As in the previous work, the film is largely narrated by the character Étienne, whose tone shifts with the reality of the images.  The film contains a certain number of allusions to the films of Blake Edwards .'] ["Detective Hamilton Hornee and his team organize an expedition into mysterious Africa to search for Algona, heiress to her father's fortune. Algona happens to have become a magnificent blonde elephant-riding, goddess worshiped by the frightened tribe of the Meshpokas."] ['Martin Lawrence stars as nightclub manager Darnell, a perpetual playboy and hopeless male chauvinist. Darnell is a crude-but-smooth talker and lady\'s man who doesn\'t take no for an answer. He works for a nightclub called Chocolate City and aspires to be its owner. He trades VIP privileges at the club for favors from women. Though he is an expert at conning women, he sometimes worries about what his childhood sweetheart Mia  thinks of his adventures. When the classy, elegant Brandi  steps out of a limousine to enter the club, Darnell feels that he\'s met his ultimate prize. She rejects his come-ons, which only fuels his appetite. He pursues her, showing up with flowers at her real estate office. He finally wins over Brandi, only to find out that he\'s really in love with Mia. But Brandi doesn\'t take kindly to rejection, and becomes an obsessed femme fatale stalking him, even taking all four wheels off his SUV to ground him from his rounds. Ending his relationship with Mia is not enough to satisfy Brandi, who finally administers Darnell\'s punishment for his misogyny. Darnell quickly learns the hard way that when you "play", you have to "pay." The film ends much like the last verse of the song A Thin Line Between Love and Hate, with an injured Darnell in hospital pondering over what happened to him and deciding to change, and a mugshot of Brandi and Darnell\'s voice saying "Damn I\'m truly sorry about what happened to Brandi I hope po\' baby lands on her feet, but they better make damn sure they fix that dent in her heart before they let her out".'] ['During a surprise 42nd birthday party for George Webber, a well-known composer of popular music, he finds himself coping badly with incipient middle age. When he catches a glimpse of a mysterious woman en route to her wedding, he is instantly obsessed by her beauty, and―despite the presence of his lover Samantha Taylor―follows the woman to the church where he crashes into a police cruiser and is stung by a bee. George visits the priest, and learns that the woman is Jenny Miles, daughter of a prominent Beverly Hills dentist. Later that night, Sam and George have an argument about George\'s failure to give her the attention she needs, his use of the term "broad", and the fact that he and his neighbor  watch each other perform carnal acts using telescopes. The final straw for Sam occurs when George makes a remark subtly impugning her femininity at which point Sam leaves in a huff. The following day, George and Sam suffer a series of mishaps that prevent them from reconciling, including George spying on his neighbor until hitting himself with his telescope and falling down an embankment, causing him to miss Sam\'s phone call. In addition, George schedules a dental appointment with Jenny\'s father, and while in the dentist\'s chair, subtly leads the dentist into disclosing that his daughter and her husband went to Mexico for their honeymoon. The examination also reveals a mouthful of cavities, requiring the dentist to spend the entire afternoon inserting fillings in George\'s teeth. The after effects of the novocaine, which are aggravated by his heavy drinking immediately after, leave him completely incoherent and when Sam finally reaches him on the phone she mistakes him for a madman and calls the police. The police storm his house, but recognizing him they leave amicably. He visits his neighbor\'s house to take part in an orgy just as Sam arrives at his house, and she spots him through his telescope, widening the rift between them. Later, George impulsively follows the newlyweds to their exclusive hotel in Manzanillo, Colima, Mexico. In the bar, George encounters an old acquaintance, Mary Lewis, who suffers from a lack of self-confidence because she blames herself for a series of failed relationships. When they attempt a fling that night, she interprets George\'s inadequacy in bed as confirmation of her insecurities despite her better-than-average looks and easygoing disposition. One hot day at the beach, George sees Jenny―suntanned and dressed in a one-piece swimsuit and her hair braided in cornrows―which furthers George\'s obsession. He notices that David, Jenny\'s husband, has fallen asleep on his surfboard. Pretending to inquire about renting a surfboard, George learns that beyond a certain point are powerful currents that can sweep a swimmer or surfer dangerously far from land. George rents a catamaran, clumsily but successfully rescues David, and becomes a hero. Both Sam and his songwriting partner see him on TV Network News and Sam tries to call him, but George  refuses the call. David, badly sunburned, stays in the hospital, allowing Jenny and George to spend time alone together, culminating in Jenny seducing him to the sounds of Ravel\'s Boléro. Although George is initially elated to find all of his fantasies being fulfilled, he is horrified when Jenny takes a call from her husband while in bed with him and casually informs him of George\'s presence. He is even more confused when David responds with a complete lack of concern . When Jenny explains their open relationship and mutual honesty, George is appalled; with the thrill of enjoying forbidden pleasures extinguished, he loses interest in Jenny and he heads back to Beverly Hills. At the end of the film, he reconciles with Sam by demonstrating a new maturity and, taking an idea from Jenny, he starts Ravel\'s Boléro on the phonograph and they make love with the music playing in the background. This is in full view of the neighbor\'s telescope shortly after the neighbor has walked away in disgust, complaining that he has had enough of providing erotic entertainment to George and getting nothing in return.'] ["The 1998 film, directed by Paul McGuigan, dramatises three stories from the book: * The Granton Star Cause is a comedy, where Boab is having a very bad day indeed. His parents throw him out so they can indulge in sado-masochism and he is sacked from his job, dumped by his girlfriend and dropped from his football team. It has elements of Franz Kafka's The Metamorphosis. One of the characters is a pitiless and profane God, who transforms him into a fly as punishment for wasting his life. * A Soft Touch: Kevin McKidd plays a cuckolded husband while Gary McCormack is Larry, the ruthless upstairs neighbour who steals his electricity and his wife, played by Michelle Gomez. * The Acid House: An acid trip and a bolt of lightning result in amiable schemie Coco Brice exchanging bodies with the baby of a middle class couple. All three sections are independent, but are linked by setting and by the reappearance of incidental characters, in particular Maurice Roëves who appears variously as an inebriated wedding guest, a figure in a dream, and a pub patron. All three of his parts symbolise a human manifestation of God. The film offended elements of the UK tabloid press with a depiction of a cynical and jaded, foul-mouthed God. In some English-speaking countries  it has been screened with subtitles because of the heavy Edinburgh accents."] ['Montpellier: December 1976. At the funeral of Bertrand Morane, Genevieve  observes the other mourners, all women once involved with him. The following is told in flashback. Morane , a man in early middle-age, works in a laboratory testing the aerodynamics of aircraft, and pursues women in a compulsive, but casual manner without showing any signs of a capacity for commitment. He goes to extraordinary lengths to locate a woman he had seen, only to discover she was briefly visiting France and lives in Montreal. Bertrand becomes friendly with Hélène , who runs a lingerie shop, but she confesses to being attracted to younger men; she is forty-one, and does not become involved with men older than thirty. He has an affair with Delphine , the wife of a doctor, who gains arousal from the threat of discovery, but she is imprisoned for the attempted murder of her husband. He recollects his childhood and his relationship with his distant mother, remembering her legs in shots reminiscent of the frequent leg shots of women in the film. He pretends to have a child in need of baby sitting in order to lure a young woman to his apartment. When she discovers the doll he has put in his bed in place of a baby and asks him what this is, he replies, "It\'s me". After a number of very casual encounters, Bertrand contracts gonorrhea, discovered at a very early stage, but is unable to recollect the names of the six women he has slept with in the previous twelve days. Eventually, he begins his autobiography only for his typist to find the content too much to continue. Completed, it is submitted to the four leading publishers in Paris. A member of the editorial staff at one of them, Genevieve, stands up for the work against the objections of her  colleagues. Rejecting his title for the book, she suggests The Man Who Loved Women, which he finds ideal. Bertrand meets Véra , a significant old flame, while the book is at the proof stage, and insists on withdrawing the book from publication because he had neglected to mention her. Genevieve though persuades him to make Véra the subject of his second book; he needs to like himself she says. By now, Genevieve has fallen in love with him, in spite of recognizing his personality flaws, but he is hit by a car while rushing to follow two women with attractive legs. Admitted to the hospital and forbidden to move, he sees nurses in his doorway and, attracted by their legs, accidentally severs his drip, falls out of his bed, and dies. At the funeral, Genevieve speculates on the other women\'s relationship with Bertrand, she does not speak to them, and reflects that it is only herself who knows the ending.'] ["The film begins with Alfie Elkins  ending a relationship with a married woman  and getting the woman from another of his affairs, Gilda , pregnant. The film then follows his life for a few years, documenting events that lead to the character's emotional growth, starting with the birth of his son. Alfie has a health check in case of hereditary diseases, but his inability to commit to the child's mother leads to her marrying a bus conductor . The health check reveals Alfie has tubercular shadows on his lungs, and this, combined with being banned from seeing his son, leads him to have a brief breakdown. Alfie then spends time in a convalescent home. Here he meets Harry , who confronts him about his delusion that he is doing no harm, and Harry's wife , whom he gets pregnant in a one-night stand. Later on in the film, the ensuing abortion is a turning point for the character, and the only time other than his passing out/breakdown where he exhibits real emotion—breaking down in tears at the sight of the aborted foetus. In the meantime, he meets Ruby , who is an older, voluptuous, affluent and promiscuous American, while freelancing taking holiday photos of tourists near the Tower of London. Later, as a car-hire chauffeur, he picks up a young hitchhiker, Annie  from Sheffield, looking to make a fresh start in London, who moves in with him. She proves preoccupied with a love left behind, scrubbing Alfie's floor, doing his laundry, and preparing his meals to compensate. He grows resentful of the relationship and drives her out with an angry outburst, too late regretting what he has just done. Near the film's close, Alfie decides to change his non-committal ways and settle down, albeit with the rich Ruby. The day he chooses to suggest this to her, he finds a younger man in her bed, leaving him disheartened at the film's end and wondering “What's it all about? You know what I mean.” The film is unusual in that it has no opening credits and the end credits feature photos of the principal actors, as well as of the main technical crew, including director Lewis Gilbert and cameraman Otto Heller."] ['Norm  the matchmaker at Hopeless Romantics can find surprising love matches for anyone, no matter how strange their behavior. However, when Norm hires sassy protégé Monique  and tries to teach her the tricks of the trade, they encounter the wildest clients he\'s ever had, some of whom are: * Marina , a female nudist who seeks someone who will share her views on social nudity and sexuality. That is, someone who will see her constant nakedness in appreciation of the human body rather than an invitation for sex. * Norm himself, who always feels incomplete in sex due to his failure to experience simultaneous orgasms with his female partner. * Cecilia , a hypersexual woman who can\'t talk to men in private without immediately raping them at gunpoint and/or by knocking them out . She does the latter to Norm himself when she first presents her problem to him in his private office, and the former to Monique\'s former boyfriend . * A house cleaner, who is aroused by pubic hair. Therefore, she either collects it from her clients\' houses or sneaks up on her male clients and plucks their pubic hair directly. * A man who is arroused by cats. * A bodybuilder who feels his penis is too small. * A woman who can only reach orgasm while standing upside down on her head. * Chad ([[Brad Yoder , a pool guy who can\'t help peeing into his clients\' swimming pools for arousal. * Ivan , a "handicapped" gay man who uses his wheelchair as an excuse to stare at people\'s crotches. He\'s unable to do so directly, as he feels unwanted in the gay community due to his older age. Somehow, Norm and Monique find the right match for each of their clients as well as for themselves. Thus ending the movie on the positive note that there\'s a right match out there for everybody.'] ['In Prague, Mr Pivonka, an unmarried man, buys some pornography from his local newsagent, Mr Kula, and returns home. A postwoman, Mrs Malková gives him a letter which reads "On Sunday" in cut-out letters. In secret, she then rolls pieces of bread into little balls and carries them in her satchel. Pivonka asks his neighbour, Mrs Loubalová, to slaughter a chicken for him. Using the leftover feathers and papier-mâché made from the pornography, he constructs a chicken head and fabricates wings made from umbrellas. Meanwhile, police captain Beltinsky buys rolling pins and pan lids from the same shop that sells Pivonka\'s umbrellas. Using these items, plus stolen pieces of fur and sharp things, Beltinsky constructs unusual objects in his workshop. His wife, a newsreader named Beltinska, feels neglected and buys some live carp. She is unaware that Kula is in love with her image and has constructed a machine rigged to stroke and masturbate him when she is on television. Pivonka and Loubalová construct life-size effigies of each other. On Sunday, Pivonka drives to the country with his effigy while Loubalová takes her effigy to an abandoned crypt containing a closet, a chair with candles and a basin of water. Loubalová emerges from the closet and whips her straw effigy which, being animated, reacts. Pivonka dresses in his chicken outfit and struts around his similarly animated effigy, eventually crushing it with a boulder while Loubalová drowns hers in the basin. At home, Malková shoves an unfeasible number of bread balls in her nose and ears and takes a nap. While Beltinská strokes her carp and feeds them the bread balls Malková later delivers, Beltinsky strips naked in his workshop and rubs his objects over his body. When Beltinská reads the news, Kula turns on his machine and climaxes at the same time that she does, stimulated by the carp sucking her toes under her desk. On his way home, Pivonka is fascinated by Beltinská\'s image in a television shop window and stops to buy electronic equipment magazines at Kula\'s shop. Kula is now covering rolling pins with feathers; Malková looks longingly at a carp in a fishmonger\'s windows. Pivonka discovers that Loubalová has been killed in her flat by a boulder that has seemingly dropped through her roof; Beltinsky is investigating. Entering his own flat, Pivonka sees the chair with candles and the basin of water awaiting him. His closet door slowly opens...'] ['One night, Lucy  gets a taxi to the home of author Harry Block . She has just read Harry\'s latest novel. In the novel, the character Leslie  is having an affair with her sister\'s husband Ken . Lucy is angry because the novel is patently based on her and Harry\'s own affair; as a result, everyone knows about it. Lucy pulls a gun out of her purse, saying she will kill herself. She then turns the gun on Harry and begins firing. She chases him out onto the roof. Harry insists that he has already been punished: his latest girlfriend Fay  has left him for his best friend Larry . To distract Lucy, Harry tells her a story he is currently writing: a semi-autobiographical story of a sex-obsessed young man named Harvey  who is mistakenly claimed by Death. In therapy, Harry realizes he has not changed since he was a sex-obsessed youth. Harry discusses the honoring ceremony at his old university, taking place the next day; he is particularly unhappy that he has nobody to share the occasion with. After the session, Harry asks his ex-wife Joan  if he can take their son Hilliard  to the ceremony. She refuses, stating that Harry is a bad influence on Hilliard. She is also furious at Harry for the novel he wrote. In it, the character Epstein  marries Helen , but the marriage begins to crumble after the birth of their son. Harry runs into an acquaintance, Richard , who is worried about his health. After accompanying Richard to the hospital, Harry asks him to come to the university ceremony. Richard appears uninterested. Harry then goes to meet his ex-girlfriend Fay, who reveals that she is now engaged. Harry begs Fay to get back together with him. He asks Fay to accompany him to his ceremony, but it clashes with Fay\'s wedding, scheduled the following day. That night, Harry sleeps with a prostitute, Cookie . Harry then asks Cookie to accompany him to his ceremony. In the morning, Richard unexpectedly arrives to join Harry and Cookie on the journey. On a whim, Harry decides to "kidnap" his son Hilliard. Along the way, they stop at a carnival, then at Harry\'s half-sister Doris\'s . Doris, a devoted Jew, is upset by Harry\'s portrayals of Judaism in his stories, as is her husband . During the journey, Harry also encounters his fictional creations Ken and Helen, who force him to confront some painful truths about his life. Just before arriving at the university, Richard dies peacefully in the car. Distressed, Harry literally slides out of focus, becoming blurred like one of his own fictional characters. Cookie helps him restore focus. The university\'s staffers gush over Harry, asking what he plans to write next. He describes a story about a man  who journeys down to Hell to reclaim his true love  from the Devil . Harry and the Devil engage in a verbal duel as to who is truly the most evil of the two. Harry gets as far as arguing that he is a kidnapper before the story is interrupted by the arrival of the police. Harry is arrested for kidnapping Hilliard, for possessing a gun , and for having drugs in the car . Larry and Fay come from their wedding to bail Harry out of jail. Harry reluctantly gives them his blessings. Back at his apartment, a miserable Harry fantasizes that the university\'s ceremony is taking place. Harry realizes that he can only function in art, not in life. The film ends with Harry returning to his writing.'] ['Woo  is an extroverted woman living in New York City, and she has a notorious knack for turning men into mush. When Woo\'s psychic friend Celestrial  predicts that the man of her dreams is about to enter her life, Woo doesn\'t believe it is true. Celestrial, however, is convinced that Woo is destined to meet a tall, debonair Virgo. Woo\'s cousin Claudette  and Claudette\'s boyfriend Lenny  plan to spend the night together but find themselves entertaining Woo instead. Lenny begs his best friend Tim Jackson  to take Woo out — even though shy, straight-laced law clerk Tim is the polar opposite of the sassy and brassy Woo. That same night, Lenny and Claudette\'s night goes wrong when his sick obsession with chicken drives her to be forced to dress up as a sexy but awkward "chicken ho"  but she is allergic to feathers. At first, Woo expresses disinterest in the matchmaking mismatch. But when she\'s told that Tim is a Virgo, she decides it is fate, jumps at the chance, and immediately heads for Tim\'s apartment. Meanwhile, Tim, who can\'t believe his luck, goes next door to his neighbor Darryl  for tips on romancing women. Darryl supplies Tim with incense, edible body oils, and a tape of sexy songs. When Woo arrives, Tim is completely smitten. Woo, however, discovers that Tim is anything but the sexy, spontaneous stud of her dreams. Finding Tim\'s pseudo-cool act totally transparent, she humiliates and teases him. They are just about to exit Tim\'s apartment when Tim is visited by three of his pals — Frankie , Hop , and Romaine . The chauvinistic attitude of Tim\'s friends irritates Woo, so she retaliates and freaks out the trio by acting insane. Finally, the date gets underway. Woo and Tim arrive at a stuffy Italian restaurant, but Woo\'s behavior gets them thrown out. They go to a dance club, where Tim becomes the victim, punched out by Woo\'s ex-boyfriend. Woo likes a good laugh, and when Tim discovers the theft of his flashy new car, she finds this hilarious. And so it goes, straight on till morning.  *Tim\'s friends: Frankie, Hop and Romaine have their own night of fun, gradually going to the same places Woo and Tim go. Unfortunately for them, they unwittingly go to a night club with mostly drag queens, but Hop thinks they are really women. Tagline: It\'s her world.. we\'re just living in it.'] ['Billy, a shy young man looking for a date, meets the beautiful Jenny Smith at a nightclub. They enter a relationship where Billy is bashful to tell Jenny that he loves her due to fear of being "trapped", and both paramours are given advice from their respective friends. The couple engage in sexual encounters while using barrier devices, and during these encounters, Billy is unable to reveal Jenny his affection. Then, one year after their first meeting, Billy and Jenny decide to take a vacation, and  sleep together without condoms or diaphragms. Soon after, Jenny discovers that she is pregnant, and argues with Billy who accuses her of trapping him into marriage while the couple then take bad consultations from their coworkers. Eventually, Jenny decides to go to a clinic to abort her unwanted child. Billy comes to his senses and stops her from doing so, resulting in the two confessing their love for one another. The film ends with Billy and Jenny getting happily married, and they celebrate the birth of their newborn child.'] ['Bernard Lawrence  is an American journalist stationed in Paris, France. A playboy, he has devised an ingenious system for juggling three different girlfriends: by dating stewardesses who are assigned to international routes on non-intersecting flight schedules, only one woman is in the country at any given time. He has their comings and goings timetabled with such precision that he can drop off his British United Airways girlfriend  for her outgoing flight and pick up his inbound Lufthansa girlfriend  on the very same trip to the airport—while his Air France girlfriend  is in a holding pattern elsewhere. With help from his long-suffering housekeeper Bertha —who swaps the appropriate photos and food in and out of the apartment to match the incoming girlfriend—none of the ladies is aware of each other\'s presence in the apartment. They regard Lawrence\'s flat as their "home" during their Paris layovers. Bernard is so happy with his life in Paris that he intends to turn down an imminent promotion that would require him to move to New York City. Bernard\'s life is turned upside down when his girlfriends\' airlines begin putting new, state-of-the-art aircraft into service. These faster airplanes change all of the existing route schedules and allow the stewardesses to spend more time in Paris. Most alarming for Bernard, his three girlfriends will now all be in Paris at the same time. Robert Reed , a fellow journalist and an old acquaintance, complicates Bernard\'s life even further when he arrives in town and is unable to find a hotel room. He insists on staying in Bernard\'s apartment for a few days. When he sees Bernard\'s living situation, he schemes to take over Bernard\'s apartment, his girls, his housekeeper, and Bernard\'s Paris job and manipulate him into taking the new job in New York.'] ['Josh  and Tiffany  were long time friends who became high school sweethearts, but they both had to face a long distance relationship when Josh enrolls at University of Ithaca and Tiffany enrolls at the University of Austin. Despite the distance apart, they make a promise to be true to each other and call each other every day. When Tiffany doesn\'t call Josh, nor answer Josh\'s calls, Josh is worryied that Tiffany is seeing another man . To show that he is still in love with her, he makes a daily recorded video blog to her. During Josh\'s last blog, his friends Rubin Carver  and Barry Manilow  barge into the video. Barry then keeps checking on Rubin\'s snake, Mitch, urging Rubin to over-feed Mitch. Josh tells Rubin to mail in his blog tape to Tiffany before leaving for class. In class, Josh is flunking Ancient Philosophy and needs a B+ on his mid-term to pass the semester. Josh thinks that he will flunk anyway. Still worrying about Tiffany, Josh\'s friend E.L.  encourages Josh to move on to another woman, such as Josh\'s friend Beth  at his party. Jacob,  the teacher\'s assistant, has a huge crush on Beth and she even knows that Josh likes her. Unbeknownst to Josh, he is being set up by Jacob to fail Ancient Philosophy. During E.L.\'s party, Josh attends and E.L. holds an auction for women, including Beth in the bid. Jacob also attends the party, too. Beth convinces Josh to outbid Jacob. But E.L. helps Josh win the bid at $26 when Jacob had $30. E.L. claimed that since Jacob was a teacher\'s assistant, his bid didn\'t count. After Josh and Beth dance, they decide to have sex. When they arrive at Josh\'s room, Beth decides to record their sex with the same camcorder that Josh uses for his video blogs to Tiffany and they start having sex. The next day, Barry sings a song called "Tiny Salmon" as Josh arrives in the room in a very jolly mood. He confesses that he had sex with Beth. His friends object and want proof. Josh attempts to play the tape but then realizes that Rubin accidentally sent the sex tape to Tiffany. Josh thens receives a voice mail from Tiffany saying that she didn\'t call him because her grandfather died and will be cleaning his house until Monday. Josh decides to go on a road trip because he doesn\'t have enough money for a plane ticket. So Josh and E.L. get Kyle  to come along for his car. Kyle is a compulsive worrier who lives in constant fear of his overly strict father, Earl Edwards. So Josh, E.L., Rubin, and Kyle try to head to Austin, Texas for 1,800 miles in less than three days and leave Barry to take care of Mitch. While Barry is taking care of Mitch, Beth asks him where Josh is. Barry tells her that Josh went to his Tiffany in Boston, in confusion with Austin. Beth then goes to the girls\' showers where everyone is naked for some advice. They suggest that she should go to Boston to tell Tiffany about the situation, which Beth does. However, the Tiffany she confronts in Boston is the wrong one. But while on the road, the group talk about loop holes and then come across a ten foot gap that they think will waste 5 hours back tracking. But they soon think that they could jump the gap. Kyle objects but they jump it anyway. They make it but the wheels fall off and the car explodes. They continue on foot and stop at a motel. Rubin tries to score marijuana off the Motel Clerk  and is informed that Kyle\'s credit card is maxed out. Meanwhile, Kyle\'s father, Earl  tries to pay for a meal with the maxed out card, but is denied service. He then begins an all-out search for Kyle when he is informed by the police that Kyle\'s car has blown up and Kyle has turned up missing. On their way to Austin, the group goes through a series of hilarious misadventures, such as Rubin successfully bluffing his way into an all-Black fraternity house at the University of Tennessee and a riotous visit with Barry\'s grandparents. Since Josh\'s books were destroyed in the explosion, he calls his professor and gets an extension on his midterm.....or so he thinks. The group finally gets to Austin and, once they get to Tiffany\'s dorm, Josh intercepts the tape he sent to Tiffany, who has just arrived back at school. Meanwhile, Earl shows up. He is enraged over what happened with the car and the credit card and threatens to take Kyle back home with him. Kyle finally gets the courage to stand up to him and states that he is going back to school with his friends. Josh and Tiffany watch the tape, which turns out to be nothing but Barry mooning for the camera. Beth has found out where the real Tiffany is and she calls to warn Josh that he has been duped by Jacob. Josh now has 48 hours to get back to school or else he will fail his midterm, fail the course, and, possibly, be kicked out of college. After they talk, Josh and Tiffany agree to break up and remain friends. Josh and his buddies head back to school and Josh arrives just in time to take his midterm – with a little help from Beth. Josh passes the course and he is now free to hook up with Beth and they make more videos together.'] ['Having no family, Marshall Hogan III  has been granted residency in the house of his best friend Spence Holmes . But Hogan has a sexual habit that makes Spence\'s dad and girlfriend  fear that Spence could adopt it, too. It is an attraction to older - if not just plain old - women. In college, Hogan makes out with his much older professor  just before the graduation ceremony. In a private celebration, he dances intimately with the much older wife  of the party\'s host. The host is a lawyer whom Spence\'s father asked for a favor in hiring Spence for residency. Hogan and the host\'s wife disappear, but when a poolside\'s cabana\'s wall breaks down, everybody sees her mounting him. Losing his chance of residency, Spence\'s father has to ask for a favor from the worst possible candidate - the most evil divorce lawyer in town, Mr. Stack . Nevertheless, Spence coaxes his father to get the same job for Hogan. Thus the two best friends begin to work together. Alas, the divorce lawyers know they need their recommendation in order to be accepted into law school. Therefore, they abuse them in every way possible, from physical chores  to doing risky and illegal PI work. Between cleaning bathrooms and walking in on Hogan having anal sex with the office\'s older secretary  in the closet, Spence feels his life isn\'t going well. One errand has Spence and Hogan delivering divorce papers to a lawyer\'s wife. Other middle aged women are also in her house listening to a sex seminar. Hogan spontaneously invites them all to a party. It gives him an idea for an alternative source of livelihood. That is, forming "Cougar Club" - a place for young men to meet older women. Expensive membership fees would provide access to parties and other social gatherings. Their first client is a pre-Bar examination law graduate in their office, who up until now only has had sex by masturbating. He gains revenge on his hated boss when the guys set him up with the boss\' wife, a lusty and busty Amazon . Meanwhile, Spence and Hogan each have sex with one of the other wives. Living at home, Spence\'s parents - accompanied by their lawyer - return by surprise from a vacation. Spence manages to hide the sexually engaged guests. Only the wife he has slept with  is caught by Spence\'s girlfriend and spotted by her lawyer husband, Mr. Stack. Said husband finds papers Spence left in the office about Cougar Club. He realizes they slept with the lawyers\' wives. He tips the police and a detective infiltrates the next party. When Spence and Hogan ask him for membership fees, he arrests them for pandering.The lawyer then casually walks by and fires them. Spence returns to his girlfriend. She begins planning a wedding for them. Hogan, who crashes in with his former college professor, eventually approaches Spence with an idea - luring the vengeful lawyers to bomb his car and get arrested for terrorist acts. After the plan is carried out with success, Spence confesses to his girlfriend that he doesn\'t really love her, that he never even asked her to marry him, and once again becomes best friends with Hogan. At their trial, Spence and Hogan use the questionable yet free services of their friend who has now passed the bar exam. The judge  asks to see them in her chambers. With their lawyer momentarily outside, Hogan contends to running a legit dating service as a true cougar fan. She considers acquitting them if Spence proves he feels like Hogan. Wearing revealing clothes under her robe, she kisses Spence. He goes along with it and they make out right on her desk. Spence invites the lawyer\'s wife to a new party. She never shows up, but he is still thrilled when a new cougar - the judge - arrives to celebrate with him. With no recommendation letter, Spence and Hogan expand the business via a statewide bus tour with club members and cougars alike.'] ['Pepi, a young independent woman living in Madrid, is filling up her Superman sticker album when she receives an unexpected visit from a policeman who has spotted her marijuana plants from the street. Pepi tries to buy his silence with an offer of oral sex, but the policeman rapes her. This ruins her hopes of selling her virginity for a good amount of money. Thirsty for revenge, Pepi arranges for her friend Bom, a teenager punk singer, and her band, Los Bomitonis, to beat up the policeman. Wearing Madrilenian costumes and singing a zarzuela, Pepi’s friends give the man a merciless beating one night. However, the next day Pepi realizes that they had attacked the policeman’s innocent twin brother by mistake. Undaunted, Pepi decides on a more complex form of revenge. She befriends the policeman’s docile wife, Luci, with the excuse of receiving knitting lessons. Pepi’s idea is to corrupt Luci and take her away from the wife-beating policeman. During the first knitting class, Pepi’s friend, Bom, arrives at the apartment heading for the restroom in order to pee. This leads to the suggestion that, since Luci feels hot, Bom should stand on a chair and urinate over Luci’s face. Bom’s aggressive behavior satisfies Luci‘s masochism and the two women become lovers. Back home, Luci has an argument with her husband in which she complains about what he had done to Pepi. With a sense of liberation Luci leaves her husband and her home, moving in with Bom. The three friends, Pepi, Luci and Bom are immersed in Madrid’s youth scene, attending parties, clubs, concerts and meeting outrageous characters. In one of the concerts, Bom sings with her band, the Bomitonis, a song called Murciana la marrana, . Luci becomes a proud groupie. The highlight of one of the parties is a penis size contest called General Erections, a competition looking for the biggest, most svelte, most inordinate penis. The winner receives the opportunity to do what he wants, how he wants, with whomever he wants. He selects Luci to give him oral sex, which makes her the most envied woman at the party. Eventually Pepi is forced to find work as her father decides to stop her income. She becomes a creative writer for advertising spots designing ads for sweating, menstruating dolls and multipurpose panties that absorb urine and can double as a dildo. Pepi also begins to write a script which will be the story of lesbian lovers Luci and Bom. The chauvinist policeman is desperately looking for his wife. Meanwhile he takes advantage of naive neighbor Charo, who is in love with Juan, his twin brother. Pretending to be Juan, the policeman sexually assaults Charo. Finally, the policeman finds Luci coming out of a disco and kidnaps her from her two friends. He gives Luci a terrible beating that sends her to the hospital, where Pepi and Bom visit her. They quickly realize that they have lost Luci. She has decided to return to the person who mistreats her best – her sadistic and tyrannical husband. His brutality is what Luci has always wanted. Bruised and bandaged in her hospital bed, Luci tells Bom she is returning to him for a life of abuse. Bom is lost without Luci and laments that pop is also out of fashion. Pepi has the solution to both problems. Bom should move in with Pepi as her bodyguard and start singing boleros.'] ['The film combines straightforward storytelling with periodic interruptions of the soundtrack, during which the action continues, but a narrator provides additional details and context about the characters, events, or setting depicted. In addition to expanding on the narrative, these "footnotes" sometimes draw attention to economic/political issues in Mexico, especially the situation of the poor in rural areas of the country. The story itself focuses on two boys at the threshold of adulthood: Julio , from a leftist middle-class family, and Tenoch , whose father is a high-ranking political official. The film opens with scenes of each boy having sex with his girlfriend one last time before the girls leave on a trip to Italy. Without their girlfriends around, the boys quickly become bored. At a wedding, they meet Luisa , the Spanish wife of Tenoch\'s cousin Jano, and attempt to impress the older woman with talk of an invented, secluded beach called Boca del Cielo . She initially declines their invitation to go there with them, but changes her mind following a phone call in which Jano tearfully confesses cheating on her. Although Julio and Tenoch have little idea where to find the promised beach, the three set off for it, driving through poor, rural Mexico. They pass the time by talking about their relationships and sexual experiences, with the boys largely boasting about their modest exploits, and Luisa speaking in more measured terms about Jano and wistfully of her first love, who died in a motorcycle accident when she was a teenager. On an overnight stop, she telephones Jano, leaving a "goodbye note" on his answering machine. Tenoch goes to her motel room looking for shampoo, but finds her crying. She seduces him, and he awkwardly but enthusiastically has sex with her. Julio sees this from the open doorway, and angrily tells Tenoch that he\'s had sex with his girlfriend. The next day, Luisa tries to even the score by having sex with Julio; Tenoch then reveals he had sex with Julio\'s girlfriend. The boys begin to fight, until Luisa threatens to leave them. By chance they find an isolated beach. They gradually relax and enjoy the beach and the company of a local family. In the nearby village, Luisa makes a final phone call to Jano, bidding him an affectionate but final farewell. That evening, the three drink excessively and joke recklessly about their sexual transgressions, revealing that the two boys have frequently had sex with the same women . With the line "Y tu mamá también," Julio admits to Tenoch that he once had sex with Tenoch\'s mother, an opportunistic joke set against the background of the preceding shocking confessions. The three dance together sensually, then retire to their room. They begin to undress and grope drunkenly, both boys focusing their attentions on Luisa. As she kneels and stimulates them both, they grasp and kiss each other passionately. The next morning, Luisa rises early, leaving the boys to wake up together, naked. They immediately turn away from each other, and are eager to return home. The narrator explains that they did so quietly and uneventfully, but Luisa stayed behind to explore the nearby coves. He further relates that the boys\' girlfriends broke up with them, they started dating other girls, and they stopped seeing each other. The final scene follows a chance encounter a year later, in 2000, the year that the Institutional Revolutionary Party lost the first election in 71 years. They are having a perfunctory cup of coffee together, catching up on each other\'s lives and news of their friends. Tenoch informs Julio that Luisa died of cancer a month after their trip, and that she knew she was ill the whole time that the three were together. Tenoch excuses himself, and they never see each other again.'] ['{{Plot}} Jim Levenstein  asks girlfriend Michelle Flaherty  to marry him, following an embarrassing incident in a restaurant involving fellatio under the table. Michelle readily agrees. Kevin Myers  and Paul Finch  serve as groomsmen, while the \'MILF\' Guys - John and Justin  proclaim themselves as ushers. Unfortunately, the gang\'s obnoxious friend Steve Stifler  crashes the couple\'s engagement party. The gang tries to keep the wedding a secret from Stifler, fearing he might ruin everything but after he finds out about it, he instantly comes up with an idea to throw Jim a bachelor party. The wedding dress Michelle finally settles on after long hours of searching is made by only one designer working for one store, so the boys set out to find the dressmaker for her. They go to Chicago looking for "Leslie Sommers" and end up in a gay bar. Leslie  agrees to make the dress, with Bear, also offering to provide strippers for Jim\'s bachelor party. In the meantime, Michelle\'s younger sister, Cadence  flies in for the wedding. Both Finch and Stifler are attracted to her, and in an effort to win her over, they each adopt the other\'s personality and mannerisms. Jim is worried about dancing at the wedding, but salvation comes in the form of Stifler, who has taken dance lessons. Stifler agrees to teach Jim to dance on the condition he be allowed to attend the wedding and plan the bachelor party, with Stifler agreeing to tone down his obnoxious personality for Michelle\'s parents in exchange. In the meantime, Stifler arranges the party for everyone at Jim\'s house except Jim, who unknowingly has arranged a \'special dinner\' for Michelle\'s parents before the wedding to explain why he will be a good husband and finally win them over. Bear introduces the three to Fraulein Brandi  and Officer Krystal , who play submissive and dominant roles with them. The party is abruptly halted by the unexpected return of Jim, Harold and Mary. With assistance from Bear, who poses as a butler named "Mr. Belvedere", Jim nearly succeeds in keeping the activities a secret, until Michelle\'s mother opens a closet door and is shocked to find Kevin inside, stripped to his boxers and tied to a chair . The boys explain that it was an attempt to make Jim seem like a hero that went horribly wrong, and Michelle\'s parents accept this explanation, and tell him that if he puts that much effort into the upcoming marriage, she can give him her blessing. As the ceremony draws near, a series of mishaps occur, including Jim\'s grandmother being displeased that Michelle is not Jewish and Jim shaving his pubic hair, then disposing of it too close to a vent that causes it to be set loose all over the wedding cake. On the night before the wedding, Stifler inadvertently disrupts the walk-in refrigerator\'s power supply while retrieving a bottle of champagne, essentially turning it into an oven and killing the many flowers put together for the ceremony. Previously, Stifler, unaware of Cadence\'s presence, had revealed his true rude and obnoxious personality. Angered and stunned, Jim asks him to leave, and all the others, including Cadence, support Jim\'s decision. Feeling guilty for his thoughtless behavior, Stifler convinces the local florist to put together a new batch of flowers, and he enlists the help of his football players and Bear. As a gesture of remorse, he also gives a rose to Cadence, much to the amazement of Jim and Michelle. Moved by his actions, Cadence agrees to have sex with him before the ceremony, but Stifler\'s presence is delayed by a brief thank-you meeting Jim calls among his groomsmen, citing how he is grateful to have friends like them to back him up when he is in need. Quickly returning to the hotel, Stifler hears someone in the supply closet and steps inside, but due to the closet\'s poor lighting, it is only when he gets inadvertently walked in on that Stifler realizes he\'s actually having sex with Jim\'s grandmother, who was placed in the closet by John and Justin to stop her constant complaining. Despite the chaotic events leading up to it, Michelle and Jim eventually get married. At the reception, the newly married couple dances while Stifler dances with Cadence. Meanwhile, Finch is sitting by himself when Stifler\'s mom  arrives. Although agreeing they are over each other, Stifler\'s mom mentions having a double suite and invites Finch to join her. The film ends with John and Justin spying on Stifler\'s mom and Finch in her suite\'s couple-size bathtub, having sex.'] ['Dave , a dealer for Guitar Hero, and Ronnie , a stay-at-home mom, are a typical couple with two young boys. They experience various stresses including redecorating their house and raising their sons. Joey  and Lucy  are high school sweethearts with a typical rebellious teenage daughter named Lacey. Their relationship is on the rocks. Jason  and Cynthia  are a neurotic couple who\'ve experienced multiple failed attempts to conceive, and Shane , who has recently separated from his wife, has a much younger twenty-year-old girlfriend, Trudy . At Dave\'s son\'s birthday party, Jason and Cynthia, using PowerPoint, announce their troubled marriage and that they are considering divorce because they cannot have a baby. As a last-ditch effort, they have found a couples therapy resort named Eden. A deal called the Pelican Package is half the normal cost if they can get three other couples to join them. In their presentation, they show beautiful pictures of sunlit beaches and beautiful locations. They also assure the others that the couples therapy is purely optional. Dave and Ronnie discuss their inability to go because of childcare responsibilities and decline the trip. In the middle of the night, their home security alarm is activated when Jason shows up unexpectedly to further sell the idea of the retreat. The commotion wakes the kids, who have overheard their parents\' conversations of not being able to go because of them. Fearing that their parents are contemplating divorce, the kids have already arranged for Dave\'s father, Grandpa Jim-Jim  to babysit so their parents can go to Eden. The retreat proves to be divided into Eden West and Eden East. West is for couples and uses the tagline "Stay Together". East is for singles and uses the tagline "Come Together". East and West attendees are not allowed to intermingle. Upon arrival at Eden West, the four couples are shown their villas. At dinner, Sctanley {{sic}} , the resort host , informs them that couples therapy, which starts at 6 a.m., is actually mandatory. If any couple fails to attend, it will be taken as an indication that they want to leave, and a refund for Eden will be given, although not for their airfare. The group debates what to do. After an indulgent dinner with many delicacies, they decide to put up with "a couple of hours" of therapy in order to enjoy the other amenities of the resort. In the morning, each couple meets with an assigned therapist. All four couples learn that they have problems, even Ronnie and Dave, who thought they were fine. They endure resort owner Marcel\'s  unusual methods, including swimming with and feeding lemon sharks and yoga sessions with amorous instructor Salvadore . On the fourth night, Trudy escapes to Eden East. The other seven, encouraged by Joey who is unsatisfied with his marriage, leave to find her. Following an argument between Cynthia and Jason, the men and women split up. As they try to find their way to the resort, the men end up arguing and pointing out each others\' marriage mistakes. The women run into Salvadore who takes them to Eden East. The men come across the staff lounge where they find Sctanley playing Guitar Hero. He threatens to report them to Marcel, but Dave challenges him to the game . Sctanley, after having lost the wager, directs them to Eden East, even though he knows he was tricked by Dave. When they arrive, Dave realizes what a good thing he has with Ronnie. He goes with her to be alone at a waterfall. Joey finds Lucy with Salvadore and knocks him out, reuniting with his wife. Cynthia and Jason share drinks and end up becoming intimate. Shane runs into his ex-wife, who admits she still loves him. Shane tells Trudy to remain in Eden East and enjoy being single, then leaves with his ex-wife. All four couples return to Eden West. Marcel, seeing that the couples have worked out their problems, frees them from the therapy and allows them to go jet skiing, and with that, really enjoy the rest of their vacation.'] ["The story centers around four gay friends who have recently graduated from San Torum High School.http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/AnotherGayMovie Andy  is an awkward, sex-crazed character who frequently masturbates with his mother's fruits and vegetables. Jarod ([[Jonathan Chase  is a handsome and fit jock who is quite insecure. Griff  is a nerdy, well-dressed guy who is secretly in love with his best friend. Nico  is the most flamboyant, outgoing, and effeminate of the group. The four of them decide to make a pact to have sex by the end of the summer. Each boy proceeds to pursue sex in different ways, with both tragic and comedic results. Nico tries to secure an online date with a man named Ryder ([[Matthew Rush , but ends up with Muffler's grandfather . Andy pursues his long-time crush, his math teacher, Mr. Puckov , but fails; he instead ends up going threesome with Angel , a male stripper, and Beau , a baseball pitcher. Jarod seeks out fellow jocks, including Beau, but ends up dumping him in order to have sex with Griff, who tries to earn the affection of Angel; it starts out successfully, but then Griff chooses Jarod as his true love. Much of the humor comes from how awkward each boy is at romance and how naive they are about sex. Each plot backfires horribly, until the boys finally begin to change their attitudes towards sex at the end of the film."] ["It's the final week of senior year at American High School and Gwen Adams  considers divorcing her new husband Holden Adams , whom she married because her rival Hilary Weiss  is also trying to be his girlfriend. She faces the problems created by Hilary's plot to become Prom Queen and decides to run for Prom Queen herself. The married couple are caught having sex by Principal Mann . The principal faces forced resignation and hatches a plan with Gwen, another teacher and some other students, to get her job back from Ms. Apple . She is later crowned Prom Queen , she dumps her husband and decides she is leaving town and so is now finally free of Hilary. As the film ends, Hilary is shown getting rejected by the male students because of her promiscuous behaviour."] ["The film is about the scientist Rosetta Stone  who injects her DNA into three Self Replicating Automatons . These cyborg clones must habitually venture into the real world in order to obtain a supply of Y chromosome in the form of semen to keep them alive. Unfortunately, their periodic treks into the outside world seem to leave the males they obtain the chromosome from, with a strange virus that overtakes both their bodies and their computers. Unfortunately the lust carries over into the technology leaving the males' world aghast."] ['{{Expand section}} A group of men and two female stenographers scientifically investigate sex through discussion of its various aspects.'] ["{{Plot}} The story starts out with the regular lives of three friends - Dave ([[Barry Watson , Adam , and Doofer  - who are head Social Committee in a frat house called KOK . The KOK are known for throwing heavy parties and socially discriminating the members of the sorority DOG  who regularly protest the actions of the KOK. The three are then falsely accused of stealing money from the fraternity, which goes towards the end of the year 'KOK-tail Cruise' at the end of the semester, which guarantees them a spot at a very high paying company no matter how low their IQ is. Dave and his friends are kicked out of the house as a result. The three realize that the proof they need to prove their innocence is on a video tape still in the KOK house. In order to infiltrate the house, the three follow Doofer's plan of dressing up as women  to get inside. They are however unsuccessful as someone else has moved into their room, one that develops a crush on Adina . Then they are thrown out of the house when they are mistaken for being members of 'DOG'. Thrown onto the DOG's doorstep, they are immediately accepted by the group for being 'plus-sized' girls. Since there is free room and board to those who pledge for the first semester at DOG, they decide to pledge to hide out for a while. While the boys deal with the hardships of being women, they are subjugated to all kinds of abuse from a fellow sorority, the 'Tri-Pis' . They also have to figure out a way of getting the tape back. While Adina  tries to seduce a fellow KOK brother Jimmy to get the tape, Daisy  is falling for the DOG president Leah. Daisy  and Leah meet on the first night when Daisy gets up in the middle of the night to take a shower thinking he/she will be alone and he can shower as a man. His/her relationship gets in the way of Adam/Adina's attempt to get the tape back. The DOG's end up on the KOK - Tail Cruise after they win the powder puff football game against the tri pi's which includes a ticket on the ship. While on the ship Dave/Daisy needs to get out of his/her dress so he can meet with John Claus and get a job in his company. While he/she is going to get out of his/her dress, he/she walks by Leah who asks Daisy to dance with her. During their dance, Leah tells Daisy that she knows it is hard for Daisy to accept a lesbian relationship and she says it is hard for her too, but she is willing to commit if Daisy is. They start kissing and then Daisy tells Leah that she has decided to move back to Minnesota. The movie reaches its climax when the guys' true identity are revealed to the KOKs and DOGs, before they reveal that they were indeed innocent of stealing the money and the perpetrator  is punished. The DOGs finally get revenge on the Tri-Pi's as well as the boys  get reinstated into KOK. Dave makes things up with Leah as Dave and not Daisy, and the KOK try to make themselves better men. Adam is instated as president, and many of the KOK guys are now dating the DOG girls while the Cruel Tri-Pi's are still floating out in the ocean in a raft they were put on when the DOG's kicked them off the KOK cruise.http://themoviespoiler.com/Spoilers/sororityboys.html"] ["Three wealthy, savvy high school seniors, Stream Hodsell , a smart, down-to-earth strawberry blonde, sassy Jenny Simon , who masks her intelligence behind a guise of fishnet stockings, and soulful Nell Kellner  attend the prestigious and expensive Halton School in Manhattan and have everything - brains, beauty, money, popularity, powerful parents, and boyfriends like Chad  and a garage band musician, Henry Rockefeller Lipschitz . They have it all but are still unfulfilled. After losing her virginity without obtaining sexual satisfaction, Stream is confused as well as unfulfilled and studies the problem with self-help books, women's magazines and the comically misinformed advice of her peers. Judy Hodsell  is Stream's distracted ex-hippie mom, Dick Hodsell  is her yuppie father with a new young girlfriend, Mimi , and Mr. Jennings  is a feel-good career counselor."] ["After her client Albert Osborne  makes a pass at her, Susan Applegate  quits her job as a scalp massager for the Revigorous System and decides to leave New York City and return home to Stevenson, Iowa. Upon arriving at the train station, she discovers she has only enough money to cover a child's fare, so she disguises herself as a twelve-year-old girl named Su-Su. When a suspicious conductor catches her smoking, Su-Su takes refuge in the compartment of Major Philip Kirby  who, believing she is a frightened child, agrees to let her stay with him until they reach his stop. When the train is detained by flooding on the tracks, Philip's fiancée Pamela Hill  and her father, his commanding officer at the military academy where he teaches, drive to meet him. Pamela boards the train and finds Su-Su sleeping in the lower berth in his compartment. Imagining the worst, she accuses Philip of being unfaithful and reports his alleged infidelity to her father. Indignant, and still feeling protective of Su-Su, Philip insists on bringing her to the school where her parents can retrieve her. The Hills, meeting Su-Su in person and now believing that she is only 12 years old, agree to let her stay with them. Pamela's teenaged sister Lucy  immediately sees through Susan's disguise. She promises to keep her secret if Susan will help her sabotage Pamela's efforts to keep Philip at the academy instead of allowing him to fulfill his wish to be assigned to active duty. Pretending to be Pamela, Susan calls one of Pamela's Washington, D.C. connections and arranges to have Philip's status changed. Susan becomes popular with the young students, especially cadet Clifford Osborne, unaware he is the son of the client who prompted her to quit her job. When the elder Osborne visits the school, he recognizes Susan and reveals her identity to Pamela, who threatens to expose her and Philip and create a public scandal unless Susan leaves immediately. Susan returns home, but continues to fantasize about Philip, much to the dismay of her fiancé Will Duffy . When Philip stops to visit her on his way to California to report for active duty, she pretends to be her own mother and Philip leaves without learning the truth. After discovering Pamela has married someone else, Susan rushes to the train station and confesses her deception, and she and Philip decide to marry in Nevada while en route to his army base."] ["The story involves an unusual love triangle: a straight gigolo , his lesbian best friend , and her former lover, an attractive bisexual woman . Lynch is desperate to win Fenn back and Baldwin volunteers to break Fenn's heart to convince her that heterosexual relationships are inferior to lesbian ones. The hope is that the disaster will cause her to return to Lynch. Neither counts on Baldwin having feelings for Fenn nor expects her to discover the trick."] ["Helen Bauer, a glamorous, successful, headstrong, and very liberated New York graphic artist with modern ideas about romance, is involved with Don Peterson but doesn't want to sacrifice her independence by entering into matrimony. The two agree to wed only to pacify Helen's conventional immigrant father Adolphe, whose Old World views spur him to condemn their affair. They form a business partnership, but financial problems at their advertising agency put a strain on the marriage and Don begins seeing Peggy Smith, one of his married clients. Convinced it was marriage that disrupted their relationship, Helen suggests they live apart but remain lovers. When Don discovers Helen is dating his business rival, playboy Nick Malvyn, he returns to Peggy, but in reality his heart belongs to his wife. Agreeing their love will help their marriage survive its problems, the two reconcile and settle into domestic bliss. The plot is unusual for its time in that Helen is not denigrated for her beliefs about marriage and Don is not depicted as being a cad."] ['Shante Smith  is a woman who gives advice on how to keep a man in check. Her ideals are challenged when her man, an attorney, named Keith Fenton , threatens to stray. Smith is a well educated woman who feels that when it comes to men and their tricks, she knows them all. On the other end, Shante’s boyfriend Keith is being led by his friend Tony , who thinks he knows all the tricks that women play. When Shanté\'s boyfriend, Keith, is caught red-handed stepping out with a co-worker, Shanté institutes her "Ten Day Plan" to get her man in line.2001,Plot Summary for Two Can Play That Game. The Internet Movie Database,August 18, 2010,http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0269341/plotsummary The battle soon begins.Though at the conclusion of the movie Shante and Keith get back together, it is insinuated in the sequel Three Can Play That Game that they are separated.'] ['In Renzo e Luciana, a young couple tries to hide their marriage and the wife\'s supposed pregnancy from the draconian book-keeper of their employer, who has banned female employees from getting married and having children but does not mind a few cheap thrills at their expense himself. In Le Tentazioni del Dottor Antonio, an elderly citizen is fed up with too much immorality in the form of indecent content in print. His anger knows no bounds when a provocative billboard of Anita Ekberg advertising \'Drink more milk\' is put up in a park near his residence. Little does he know how that billboard will go on to change his life. Throughout the film, children are heard singing the jingle "Bevete più latte, bevete più latte" - "Drink more milk!" The image begins to haunt him with hallucinations in which she appears as a temptress and Dr. Antonio as St. George to spear the dragon - he is pursued and captured by the buxom Swedish star in a deserted Rome and at one point, his umbrella falls between her breasts. Il Lavoro is about an aristocratic couple coming to terms with life and marriage after the husband is caught visiting prostitutes by the press. La Riffa shows a lottery with the winner entitled to one night with the attractive Zoe . Zoe, however, has other plans.'] ['Sandy Brooks  is desperate to get pregnant, but her husband Jeff , a television script writer, is too stressed out to make love to her. In an attempt at a sea change, they go on a pleasure cruise and meet another couple, Claire and King Banner .'] ['The film depicts the sexual competition among three roommates — the aggressive, womanizing drummer Tolen ([[Ray Brooks , the shy, paranoid schoolteacher Colin , and the neutral artist Tom  — when a young woman from out of town, Nancy , enters their London world.'] ['Set in 1934 Paris, the film opens with Richard Di Nardo, a young hustler, emerging from the bed of gay middle-aged Carroll Todd, aka Toddy; Richard dresses, takes money from Toddy\'s wallet and leaves Toddy\'s apartment. Going about his day, Toddy, a performer at Chez Lui in Paris, sees Labisse, the club owner, auditioning a frail, impoverished soprano, Victoria Grant. After the audition, Labisse drily writes her off, and she responds by sustaining a pitch to shatter his wine glass using resonant frequency. That night, Richard comes to Chez Lui as part of a straight foursome and Toddy incites a brawl by insulting Richard and the women in his group. Labisse fires Toddy and bans him from the club. Walking home, he spots Victoria dining at a restaurant, and she invites him to join her. As neither of them can pay for the meal, she dumps a cockroach in her salad to avoid paying their check, but it escapes and the whole place breaks out in havoc. The duo run out through the rain to Toddy\'s, and he invites her to stay when she finds that the rain has shrunken her cheap clothes. The next morning Richard shows up to collect his things. Victoria, who is wearing his clothes, hides in Toddy\'s closet. When she thinks that Richard might harm Toddy, she ambushes Richard and literally kicks him out. Witnessing this, Toddy is struck with the inspiration of passing Victoria off as a man  and presenting her to Andre Cassell, the most successful agent in Paris, as a female impersonator. Cassell accepts her as Count Victor Grazinski, a gay Polish female impersonator and Toddy\'s new boyfriend. Cassell gets her an initial nightclub show and invites a collection of club owners to the opening. Among the guests is King Marchand, an owner of multiple clubs in Chicago, who is in league with the mob. King attends with his ditzy moll Norma Cassidy and burly bodyguard Bernstein, aka Squash. Victor is a hit, and King is smitten, but devastated and incredulous when she is "revealed" as a man at the end of her act. King is convinced that "Victor" is not a man. After a quarrel with Norma and his subsequent failure with her later that night, King sends her back to America. Determined to get the truth of Victor\'s gender, King sneaks into Victoria and Toddy\'s suite and confirms his suspicion when he spies her getting into the bath. He keeps his knowledge secret and invites Victoria, Toddy, and Cassell to Chez Lui, where Toddy is now welcomed due to Victor\'s status as a big star. Another fight breaks out and Squash and Toddy are arrested with the bulk of the club clientelle, but King and Victoria escape, leading them to get together. Squash returns to the suite and catches King with Victoria in bed. King tries to explain, but soon receives a shocker himself - Squash reveals himself to be gay. Meanwhile, Labisse hires a P.I., Charles Bovin, to investigate Victor. Victoria and King live together for awhile, but keeping up the public act of Victoria being a man strains the relationship and King ends it. Back in Chicago, Norma tells King\'s club partner Sal Andretti , that King is having a gay affair with Victor. At the same time that Victoria has decided to give up the persona of Victor in order to be with King, Sal arrives and demands that King transfer his share of the empire to Sal for a small portion of its worth. Squash tells Victoria what\'s happening, and she interrupts the paperwork signing to show Norma that she is really a woman, and prevent King from having to lose his stake. That night at the club Cassell tells Toddy and Victoria that Labisse has lodged a complaint against him and "Victor" for perpetrating a fraud. The Inspector confirms to Labisse that the performer is a man and Labisse is an idiot. In the end, Victoria joins King in the club as her real self. King is stunned, as moments earlier, the announcer had said that Victor is going to perform. It is revealed that Toddy is masquerading as Victor. After an intentionally disastrous, but hilarious performance, Toddy claims that this is his last performance. The film ends with King, Squash, Victoria, Cassell and the public applauding enthusiastically.'] ['In the stereotypical high school community of John Hughes High in Southern California, sexy Priscilla , a popular cheerleader, separates from her football star boyfriend, Jake Wyler ([[Chris Evans . After Jake discovers that Priscilla is now dating peculiar Les  just to spite him, one of Jake\'s friends, Austin , suggests seeking retribution by making Janey Briggs , a "uniquely rebellious girl", the prom queen. Jake attempts to court Janey\'s love, but faces adversity from his own sister, Catherine , who is sexually attracted to him; Janey’s unnoticed admirer and best friend, Ricky ; and memories from his past football career. Catherine eventually helps her brother by slightly altering Janey’s appearance , instantly making her drop dead gorgeous. Meanwhile, Janey\'s little brother, Mitch , and his friends, Ox  and Bruce , make a pact to lose their virginity by Graduation even though they are still in their Freshmen year. Mitch tries to impress his longtime crush, the beautiful yet perverted Amanda Becker  with a letter professing his love for her. Bruce says that he does not have a chance with her mockingly stating, "Keep dreaming!". As the prom draws near, Jake draws infamy among his peers after he fails to lead his football team to victory at the state championship game the year before. The situation is further worsened when Austin tricks Jake into telling Janey about his plan to spite Priscilla by pretending to whisper the secret bet in Janey\'s ear, causing her to immediately leave Jake. During prom night, Austin and Janey go together; a jealous Jake and Catherine have a dance off with Austin and Janey, with Catherine dancing in a sexual manner. Janey runs off crying. Meanwhile, Mitch and his friends are having a lousy time at the prom until Amanda Becker arrives and Mitch gives her the letter and Ox later hooks up with Catherine. Jake is awarded prom king and the principal reads out that the votes for prom queen are tied. Everyone thinks that it is between Janey and Priscilla, but they are shocked to find that Kara and Sara Fratelli , twins conjoined at the head, win prom queen. During the traditional prom king and queen dance, Janey supposedly left with Austin to go to a hotel. Jake goes to the hotel room where he finds Austin having wild sex with a girl but is shocked to find that it is Priscilla not Janey while the weird Les videotapes with his pants down supposedly having an erection, Austin tells Jake that Janey "ran home to her daddy". Jake angrily punches Austin and Priscilla for what they had done to Janey, then punches Les for "being really weird" ; afterwards he runs to Janey\'s house only to learn from her father  that she is going to Paris for art school. Jake arrives at the airport and confronts her before she can board the plane, and uses a plethora of clichéd lines from other movies (such as She\'s All That, Cruel Intentions, [[American Pie  to convince her to stay in America. His final  speech suggests they would be better off apart, but Janey mistakenly believes he is quoting The Karate Kid, and she decides to stay with him.'] ['Kika , a young, bubbly aspiring actress turned cosmetologist, is called to the cottage of Nicholas Pierce , an American freelance writer who has moved to Spain to write about game hunting, to make-up the corpse of his stepson, Ramón , before notifying the authorities. The circumstances of Ramón\'s "death" are rather suspicious, but Kika does not raise an issue of them and performs her work on Ramón. It turns out that he is not dead, and is actually catatonic. He is revived by Kika\'s attentions; soon after Ramón tells her the story of his life: he is a lingerie photographer who hasn\'t coped with the suspicious death of his mother, for which he blames Nicholas . Feeling empathic to Ramón, and in part turned on by the whole experience, she decides to move in with him. While living with Ramón, Kika has a secret affair with Nicholas. She feels sorry for Ramón, but is turned off by his constant melancholy moods. To complicate things, he has to evade the constant intrusive gaze of tabloid-TV star -and Ramon\'s former psychologist- Andrea Caracortada , who is also a former lover of Nicolás\', and who stalks him since they broke up. Andrea, who wears costumes designed by Jean Paul Gaultier on and off the air, has become obsessed with obtaining morbid topics for her tabloid TV show . She assumes that hanging around Ramón and Nicholas will eventually lead to some juicy news item. Kika and Ramón\'s part-time maid  is the sister of Paul Bazzo , a former porn actor with a low IQ who has just escaped from jail. Paul received a good conduct leave, and attended the Good Friday procession at San Vicente de la Sonsierra, a small town in Spain renowned for having penitents, commonly called "Los Pica\'os" , self-flagellate during the event. Disguised himself as a penitent , Paul escapes custody and takes shelter at his sister\'s workplace. Kika happens to be sound asleep in her bedroom. After asking his sister for money and manhandling her breasts  he finds Kika lying in bed while wearing no panties. He then rapes her while she\'s asleep. She wakes up, and notices Paul on top of her. She wants him to leave. An anonymous tip to two clumsy police officers leads them to investigate the rape while it is still taking place. By the time they reach the place, Paul is being pulled off Kika by two people while she\'s still holding on to him. He unlocks himself from her, goes to the roof of the building, and masturbates to relieve himself while Andrea is coincidentally entering the building, various stories below. A drop of semen falls on her face. Kika, who is humiliated by the experience, relives her humiliation once more when Andrea gets a hold of a videotape featuring her rape by Paul and shows it on her television show, and plans to leave the city for good.'] ["Museulmo High School, situated somewhere in South Korea, may not be your typical high school. One of the students there is named “Poor Girl” . She walks around with a stuffed doll draped around her back, which she calls “Poverty.” As her name implies she is as poor as poor can get. She lives with her mother  in a one room building. Her mother is chronically ill and buried in debt. To help pay for her mother’s bills, Poor Girl has turned to prostitution to support her family. Because of this, she carries a heavy burden of guilt and shame. So much so that she has attempted suicide. Her only friend seems to be her doll “Poverty.” That is until she meets a new client. The new client is a cross-dresser , who's looking for a girl to play sisters with. Poor Girl is able to share some of her problems with her new found friend. In the meantime, she dreams about dating her classmate Anthony . Anthony comes from a rich background. His  parents are diplomats from Switzerland. He has everything a teenager can possibly wish for: good looks, expensive cars and suits. Anthony goes through life enjoying his superficial ways… until he meets Double Eyes . Double Eyes is the sibling of Anthony’s classmate Cyclops  who is a bit of an outcast at Museulmo High school. As his name indicates, he has only one eye. His days at Museulmo High School are filled with loneliness and being the object of pranks and jokes. While waiting for his sister Double Eyes at a restaurant, Cyclops is spotted by Anthony and his two friends. One of Anthony’s friends asks Cyclops, “Does your sister have a third eye?” Anthony and his friends laugh among themselves… until they see Cyclops’s sibling named Double Eyes. Double Eyes is beautiful and his classmates are in shock. Anthony immediately falls in love with Double Eyes. Unfortunately there is a secret with Double Eyes… As the lives of these students progress at Museulmo there is another problem that soon starts to emerge. Students, who have never shown any interest in education, suddenly become immersed in studying and preparing for their college entrance exams. They even give up dating! It's up to these classmates to find out what is really going on at Museulmo High and prepare for their graduation."] ["Dave Goodwin , Sam Schecter , and Jeff Davis  are best friends who spent almost four years at Holden University scamming their way through college, and for the most part, get away with it. Just as they are about to graduate, their schemes are foiled by Ethan Dulles , the campus geek, after witnessing Dave cheating on an exam. Ethan threatens to expose the trio unless they try to hook him up with his dream girl, the beautiful Angela Patton . But things go wrong when Angela and Dave fall for each other. Ethan sabotages Dave and Angela's relationship by telling Angela that Dave paid to take her out. Dave convinces the guys to help him get revenage against Ethan. They sabotage his job interview and place a copy of the final exam in his backpack to make it look like he's cheating. In end the guys  get expelled, but Dave and Angela get back together and Sam ends up in relationship with Angela's roommate, Reanna Cass ."] ['Chuck , formerly a successful stockbroker, has found a refuge from the ulcer-inducing Wall Street rat race in his job as an attendant at the New York City morgue. His displeasure at being "promoted" to night shift supervisor to make room for his boss\'s nephew is exacerbated by the irrational exuberance of Bill "Blaze" Blazejowski , his new coworker. However, both men are inspired by the plight of Chuck\'s prostitute neighbor, Belinda , to apply Chuck\'s M.B.A. education and Bill\'s entrepreneurial spirit to open a prostitution service with headquarters at the morgue.'] ['In Getting any? Minoru Iizuka, also known as "Dankan" , portrays Asao, a naive and goofy man who lives with his grandfather in Saitama Prefecture. Even though Asao is 35 years old, he is very inexperienced with girls, but he absolutely wants to have sex. One day as he watches an erotic TV film, he realizes that all he needs to get girls and sex is a fancy car, so he runs to the closest car dealer. In the TV film, the male character had a Porsche 911 Cabriolet, so Asao aims for a luxury import car dealer. To the seller asking what kind of cars he is looking for, Asao naively answers that he wants "a car for having sex". After trying a cabriolet, with the assistance of a very helpful and somewhat helpless hostess, Asao confesses he is strapped. All he can afford is a used domestic budget-car, so he is forced to buy a Honda Today, a modest K-car which is very cheap compared to the Mercedes-Benz, Rolls Royce, Aston Martin and Ferrari displayed in the show room.  Asao imagines stewardesses are naked and offer "on-board sex service" to first class 747 customers, so he decides to travel by plane. Since he does not have any money, he will do an armed bank robbery, but first he needs a weapon, so he heads to Kawaguchi City  where he will be able to make his own revolver in the local iron foundry. Eventually, he has many adventures such as joining the yakuza, becoming Zatoichi, becoming invisible, and getting transformed into a giant fly-man a la the film The Fly. The movie ends with his capture after diving into a large reservoir of feces. After the credits, there is a scene where Asao jumps around Tokyo as the fly-man before landing/getting impaled on Tokyo Tower.'] ['Rebecca , a struggling photographer, finds her model boyfriend Richard  in bed with another woman. He also destroys all of her camera equipment. Her life falls apart, and she alternates between desire for revenge upon him, sexual promiscuity and abandonment of all hope of love. Her best friends, Michelle  and Carrie , try to set her up on dates. These include one with a freakish magician ([[Guillermo Díaz  and another with a man who gives her ecstasy and has a fetish for fish. She attempts to make Richard jealous by taking a director, who is reminiscent of Woody Allen, to a runway show, but he ends up vomiting on her breasts in front of everyone. Ultimately Rebecca realizes she should focus her energy on being with someone who truly loves her, and that turns out to be John , her nerdy but caring best male friend who has been supportive of her through the entire ordeal.'] ['The core plot begins with the kidnapping of Patrick, the son of a wealthy industrialist. Sexual and romantic engtanglements push the drama forward. At the film\'s climax, Gudrun delivers a soliloquy on the importance of personal life in revolution. She puts particular emphasis on the breaking of heterosexual and possessive sexual norms, urging her comrades to join "The Homosexual Intifada". The pressure of Gudrun\'s controlling personality causes the group to break up. Most of the urban guerrillas escape into the night. In the dénouement, the characters are visited some time later. Several have found happiness in the homosexual relationships established during their revolutionary activities. Che has become a terrorist trainer in the Middle East. Patrick escapes with Clyde, where they embark on a spree of bank robberies. This action is reminiscent of Patty Hearst\'s actions with the SLA. Gudrun and Holger settle down and have a child named Ulrike , whom Gudrun believes could embody the next generation of the Red Army Faction.'] ["In Nelsonville, Ohio in 1956, the relationship between the introverted, clumsy Jonathan Bellah  and the nonconformist, extroverted Gene Harbrough  begins to develop. Jonathan's main objective is to win over the sexy Marilyn McCauley , in spite of his shyness, while Gene has his own love-life to maintain with his girlfriend Bunny Miller &mdash;as well as counseling Jonathan on how to attract women. Gene also has to defend himself from the class bully, Kenny , while trying to work out a borderline relationship with his widowed father, who has zero tolerances for his often wild escapades. Also, some scenes shot in Canal Winchester, Baltimore, Carroll and Lithopolis, Ohio."] ['{{Plot}} The movie begins with Eugene  and his best friend Tucker  as kids. They sneak into the bedroom closet of Eugene\'s brother, as he recently acquired a valuable Michael Jordan rookie card. Upon opening the box the card was in, Tucker notices that Eugene\'s brother has an issue of Playboy. Tucker opens the magazine, instantly becoming obsessed with it. Three weeks later, Tucker\'s demeanor has changed to that of a hormone driven teenager, despite that he is only 8 years old. Fast forward ten years later, Eugene  and Tucker  are seniors in high school. Tucker is still a huge fan of the Playboy franchise, while Eugene and his girlfriend of two years, Cindi Whitehall  are public speakers on the subject of abstinence for younger teens. Despite this, in reality, Cindi has other plans, stating that since they have been together for two years, if she is not Eugene\'s first then they have big problems. They decide to go through with it at the after prom party that Tucker had invited them to. On the day of prom, Tucker tells Eugene that he has the limo booked, which when pulls up, has already picked up Tucker\'s high school drop-out friend, Phil, who now goes by the MC name of Horsedick.MPEG ([[Craig Robinson . At the After Prom party, Cindi goes upstairs to prepare, while Tucker takes Eugene into the kitchen and gives him several shots of hard alcohol. As Eugene leaves to go upstairs to meet Cindi, he walks through the wrong door, and falls down the steps into the basement. He is hurt so bad, that he falls into a coma for four years. After Tucker wakes Eugene with a baseball bat, he tells him that Cindi stuck around for a little while, but disappeared shortly thereafter because Eugene was "a vegetable." Tucker left Eugene to continue his recovery as Tucker went to work. He came back later to visit Eugene again with the newest edition of Playboy. While discussing where Cindi had vanished to, Tucker happened to stumble across a centerfold in his new issue of none other than Cindi. Tucker devises a plan to go cross country to the Playboy Mansion where there was a party to be held in 3 days for Playboy\'s annual Birthday bash, where Cindi was sure to be. Tucker left as he had a date with his "partner" of 13 months, Candace , who back in high school seemed to hate Tucker. Later that night, Tucker broke into the hospital while Eugene was asleep, stating they had to leave on their trip now, as opposed to 3 days later, as Tucker had an incident involving Candace and accidentally forgetting she has seizures caused by strobe lights as a side effect of her epilepsy. Starting out on the road trip, the two are attacked by Candace\'s brother, Rick , and his firemen crew, but manage to escape temporarily. Once in Chicago, they meet up with their old friend MPEG, who has become a famous rapper over the four years. They all hop on board his party bus and begin to trek across the country towards the Playboy Mansion. After an argument between Horsedick and Eugene, Tucker and Eugene were both thrown out of the bus in the middle of nowhere, and left to walk the rest of the way. Just as it seemed all hope was lost, a car pulled up with two lesbian women. They make a deal where the boys will drive while the girls are in the back with each other having sex. They make it all the way to the Mansion only to be stopped by bouncers at the door. Moments later, several fire trucks arrived, in search of Tucker. Tucker and Eugene manage to sneak into the mansion dressed in fireman outfits. The two go in separate directions while outside, Candace forces her way into the mansion, followed up by her brother, Rick. Tucker randomly hits on several Playboy models and meets PMOY 2007 Sara Jean Underwood and makes his way to the Grotto. Eugene, in search for Cindi, is suspected of being a stalker and is taken into a secure holding area, but not before being spotted by Cindi. Meanwhile, Tucker runs into Candace and darts back into the mansion, where he is spotted by the firemen. After avoiding the firemen, he tries to hide in the mansion and suddenly finds himself face to face with Hugh Hefner. Hugh and Tucker have a discussion about Tucker\'s issues, telling Tucker about the first woman he ever fell in love with . Hefner tells Tucker that "there is a bunny in every woman," and that if Tucker can only see the "bunny" in those women, that he\'s on to something. Back in the holding area, Cindi comes in to see Eugene. Eugene seems disgusted to see her, claiming that she left him behind and didn\'t care about him, and accusing her of sleeping with countless other men. Cindi argues that she did still love him and proves it by telling Eugene that the money she made modeling and being a Playboy Bunny was sent to help pay for Eugene\'s hospital bills, something Tucker never bothered to mention due to his absent minded nature. Just at that moment, Hef had called to have all stalkers removed from the mansion. Once tossed out on the streets, Candace finally caught up with Tucker. Tucker apologised for his faults and promised to look past hers and Candace decides to give him another chance. At the same token, Eugene runs into Horsedick.MPEG, who promised to "rip Eugene\'s face off." Eugene seems too distracted regardless to find Cindi. After Cindi comes out and reveals that MPEG was born without genitals, his crew pull down his pants, showing a straw sticking out where his genitals should be, confirming what Cindi said. MPEG leaves ashamed, and after Eugene and Cindi make up, Hef lets everyone back in. Eugene and Tucker find themselves in the Mansion\'s kitchen, and Eugene tells Tucker that Cindi is waiting upstairs for him, shades of the situation that started the whole mess in the first place. And just like 4 years previous, Tucker and Eugene take several shots together before Eugene goes upstairs, where he finally has sex with Cindi. In the unrated version, footage show Eugene and Cindi having sex. As going too fast he overexerts himself.'] ["Kevin Matthews, , becomes a new pupil at Ralph Waldo Emerson High School. Rejected by the trendy Key Club, he instead joins the Science Club. There he accidentally discovers a number of vials behind a hidden panel in the lab and after drinking the contents develops psychokinetic powers. He amuses himself hitting little girls' dresses and humiliating the Key Club jocks, becoming popular in the process. But the Key Club plots a cruel revenge."] ['Max Fleming is a grad student who developed a powerful cloning machine for the egotistical Dr. Jonas who steals all the credit and leaves his student to toil in obscurity. One day, Max meets Kate Carson, a young and attractive magazine reporter doing a story on the cloning research at the university. During the interview, Kate accidentally cuts herself, and a few drops of her blood get on one of the cloning samples. Later that night, Max runs a test of the machine, and to his surprise he ends up with a replicant of Kate, which he names Repli-Kate. Repli-Kate is fully adult, but knows absolutely nothing. Max and his roommate Henry thus set out to educate her, but with a male perspective. They want to turn her into the perfect woman: the beer-drinking, sport-loving, sexually aggressive girl of their dreams. However, when Max contemplates the resulting woman, he realizes that the girl of his dream was Kate all along, and not Repli-Kate. Meanwhile, Dr. Jonas learns of the existence of Repli-Kate, and captures both her and the original Kate. He then decides to present the results of the human cloning in front of scientists from all over the world, with the aim of advertising "his" cloning machine. Fortunately, Max and Henry get wind of the plan, and set up a rescue mission. Using a newly created Repli-Jonas, the pair are able to create enough confusion to save Kate and Repli-Kate. In the end, Jonas and Repli-Jonas are sent to a cloning research lab, as test subjects. Max inherits the university\'s cloning lab, and his cloning chamber brings him great fame and money. Max and Kate fall in love, as do Henry and Repli-Kate. Ultimately, Repli-Jonas manages to escape, and when Felix asks Max about what to do, he replies that Repli-Jonas is too dumb to go anywhere. The last image is Repli-Jonas, who is the new president. His discourse is just the word \'penis\'.'] ['Long-time best friends Victor and Matthew  are co-workers employed by a major corporation in São Paulo, Brazil. Both are having problems in their marriages: Victor\'s wife wants to divorce him, while Matthew has no idea what is wrong and is baffled and irritated by the decision of his wife Karen  to take her vacation separately from her husband and daughter. The men decide to vacation in Rio de Janeiro, with their teenage daughters in tow – Matthew\'s daughter Nikki  and Victor\'s daughter Jennifer . They rent a beautiful vacation home with a somewhat taciturn and disapproving housekeeper. During a walk on the beach, Victor and Matthew spot their daughters – topless. Jennifer is told by her father to cover her bare breasts but she refuses, dragging her father with Nikki\'s help into the water to play. Matthew does not join them, feeling uncomfortable with the partial nudity displayed by Jennifer, Nikki, and the other women on the beach. After dropping the girls off at a Brazilian wedding, the men visit a local pub in search of dates. After Victor pairs off with a local cigar-smoking divorcée, Matthew winds up at the Brazilian wedding, where he runs into the amorous Jennifer. While watching the festivities together, Matthew and Jennifer start to feel some chemistry develop between them, and they eventually share a passionate kiss – much to the chagrin of Nikki, who inadvertently sees what\'s going on between her father and her best friend. Matthew and Jennifer then make love at a secluded spot on the beach, which begins a secret sexual relationship between them. Jennifer later tearfully confesses to Victor that she had an affair with an "older man", but does not reveal who he is. Naturally, Victor becomes furious and sets out to hunt down the mystery man, expecting Matthew to help – unaware, of course, that Matthew was the culprit the whole time. Matthew is reluctant to help Victor in his quest but goes through with it anyway, for the benefit of their friendship. In the meantime, Matthew tries to talk Jennifer into ending their fantasy relationship, but she is determined to never give him up. Eventually, Matthew discloses to his friend that he was the one whom Jennifer had the affair with, but only after Victor caused a couple of brawls targeting innocent men. However, Victor is not as angry as Matthew expects, because it is soon discovered that Victor had been having an affair--with Matthew\'s wife Karen. As the truth comes more into light, Jennifer tries to commit suicide with an overdose of birth control pills, but survives. The incident brings all closer together, although the men constantly bicker with each other over each other\'s sexual misconduct. Karen and Matthew decide to work on their marital problems, Jennifer begins dating a young male nurse whom she met while recuperating in the hospital, and Victor remarries his estranged wife. As the closing credits begin to roll, Matthew, in voice-over narration, states in the final line of summation, "You only live once, but it does help if you get to be young twice."'] ["Like many British sex comedies of the 1970s the narrative involves a male protagonist who gets into compromising situations with a succession of women. The optimistic and inept Timothy Lea is freshly employed by his brother-in-law Sid as a window cleaner. With Sid an impending father to be, he looks to Timmy to fully 'satisfy' his customers, little realising that Timmy's accident prone ways often stretch to his sex life with his clients. Timmy bed hops from unsatisfied housewives to even a lesbian love tryst, all the while with his main eye on successful police woman, Elizabeth Radlett, who will have none of Timmy's sexual advances. He proposes as a result, much to his family's upset, unaware that Timmy's usual run of luck will affect the outcome!"] ['The two protagonists, Max and Albert, played by Jerzy Stuhr and Olgierd Łukaszewicz, respectively, submit themselves in 1991 to the first human hibernation experiment. Instead of being awakened a few years later as planned, they wake up in the year 2044, in a post-nuclear world. By then, humans have retreated to underground living facilities, and, as a result of subjection to a specific kind of radiation, all males have died out. Women reproduce through parthenogenesis, living in an oppressive feminist society, where the apparatchiks teach that women suffered under males until males were removed from the world. The cold-shoulder treatment Max and Albert receive from the women, their character differences and specific realities of future life serve as background of many humorous encounters. The plot thickens when it turns out that the females have no interest in the rebirth of men, and that for the good of society, the two males are to be killed or "naturalised," i.e. undergo a sex-change. While trying to break away, Max and Albert find out the impact of their masculinity on women. With one of the scientists on their side, the men choose freedom and prefer to escape and die outside. In doing so, they discover the truth: radiation was just a feminist lie to keep women underground and the surving male population were "naturalised" into women by the feminists when they took power in the post-war period. As a result of discovering the truth, both Max and Albert begin thinking of bringing the world back to "normal." {{Expand section}}'] ["One Valentine's evening a group of single, dateless friends get together to play Trivial Pursuit. Brett , a friend of the host from Melbourne, has just landed a job as presenter of a TV gossip show. He is brash and self-confident. Tash  is a science journalist for a national newspaper, studious, intense and self-conscious. They have nothing in common, so naturally they get it together. A year later and Brett's career is going well, there is the possibility of a job in New York and popularity has gone to his head. Tash is still trying to write serious scientific articles for a paper more interested in gossip and sex and struggling to prevent her articles being buried on page 12. Their relationship is on the rocks. That night during a Valentine's boat trip on Sydney Harbour, an argument ensues and Brett decides he has had enough. Tash tells him: 'I wish you could be me, so you could see how I feel for once. I wish I could be you, so I could show you what an idiot you've become!'. That night is a full moon and fate decides to lend a hand. They wake to find that each is in the other's body. A month of each pretending to be the other ensues and they have to learn what it's really like to be in the other person's shoes. Tash has to try to keep Brett's high-profile career on track. Brett is so bored by Tash's job he ends up trying to make science sexy. Each learns to appreciate the other as only together can they make this enforced predicament work out."] ['The film starts by showing the adventures of the boy in school and his first sexual experience at a brothel. When the boy is found to have a heart murmur after a bout of scarlet fever, he goes with his mother to a sanatorium, where a series of circumstances lead to a sexual encounter with his mother. Jazz music by Charlie Parker and Dizzy Gillespie, along with books by Bataille, Proust and Camus, feature prominently in the film.'] ['One narrative follows Miss Monde 1984/Miss Canada , who wins a contest of the "most virgin"; her prize is the marriage to a milk industry tycoon . However, following his degrading puritanical introduction to intercourse, she vents her intention to leave to her mother-in-law who, at that point, nearly has her killed. The family bodyguard  takes her away, further humiliates her, and finally packs her in a trunk bound for Paris. She finds herself on the Eiffel Tower, where she absently meets and has intercourse with a Latin singer, El Macho . The sexual act is interrupted by touring nuns who frighten the lovers into penis captivus. In her post-coital shocked state, she is adopted into an artist community led by Otto Muehl, where she finds affectionate care. The commune practices some liberating sessions, where a member, with the assistance of the others, goes through a birth experience, cries, urinates and defecates like a baby, while the others are cleaning and pampering him. Later she is seen acting for an obscene advertisement, in which she is naked, covered in liquid chocolate. The second narrative involves a woman, Anna Planeta  piloting a candy-filled boat down a river, with a large papier-mache head of Karl Marx on the prow. She picks up the hitchhiking sailor Potemkin , though she warns him that if he falls in love, she will kill him. He ignores her many suggestions for him to leave and their relationship evolves. Eventually, in the state of love making, she stabs him to death in their nidus of sugar. She also seduces children into her world of sweets and revolution. She is eventually apprehended and arrested by the police who lay down plastic sacks containing the children\'s bodies on the riverside, implying they too have been killed by Planeta. The film ends with the children, unseen by the others, being reborn from their plastic cocoons.'] ["Two horny college guys get summer jobs at a cheerleader camp for the summer. Friendly and naive Michael is mistaken as a homosexual even though he isn't. World class jerk Andy has an addiction to masturbation and also tries to hook up with a different girl every night. Michael and Andy help out head cheerleader Sophie form her own cheerleading team. A group of strippers end up becoming cheerleaders after Michael and Andy have a run-in with them at a local gentlemen's club. A college scholarship is offered to the group of cheerleaders that wins the climatic team competition."] ['The story, narrated by a criminologist, tells the tale of newly-engaged couple Brad Majors and Janet Weiss, who find themselves lost and with a flat tire on a cold and rainy late November evening. Seeking a phone with which to call for help, Brad and Janet walk to a nearby castle, where they discover a group of strange and outlandish people who are holding an Annual Transylvanian Convention. Brad and Janet watch as the Transylvanians, servants and a tap-dancing groupie dance the film\'s signature song, "Time Warp". They are soon swept into the world of Dr. Frank-N-Furter, a self-proclaimed "Sweet Transvestite" from Transsexual, Transylvania. The ensemble of convention attendees also includes servants Riff Raff , his sister Magenta, and a groupie named Columbia. Frank claims to have discovered the "secret to life itself". His creation, Rocky Horror, is brought to life. The ensuing celebration is soon interrupted by Eddie , an ex-delivery boy, partial brain donor to Rocky, and Columbia\'s lover, who rides out of a deep freeze on a motorcycle. In a jealous rage, Frank corners him and kills him with an ice axe. He then departs with Rocky to a bridal suite off of the laboratory. Brad and Janet are shown to separate bedrooms where each is visited and seduced by Frank, who poses as Brad  and then as Janet . Janet, upset and emotional, wanders off to look for Brad, who she discovers, via a television monitor, is having a post-coital chat with Frank. She then discovers Rocky, cowering in his birth tank, hiding from Riff Raff, who has been tormenting him. While tending to his wounds, Janet becomes intimate with Rocky, as Magenta and Columbia watch from their bedroom monitor. After discovering that his creation is missing, Frank, Brad and Riff Raff return to the lab, where Frank learns that an intruder has entered the building. Dr. Everett Scott, Brad and Janet\'s old high school science teacher, has come looking for his nephew, Eddie, but Frank suspects that Dr. Scott investigates UFOs for the government. Upon learning of Brad and Janet\'s connection to Scott, Frank suspects them of working for him. Frank, Dr. Scott, Brad, and Riff Raff then discover Janet and Rocky together under the sheets in Rocky\'s birth tank, upsetting Frank and Brad. Rocky and the guests are served dinner, which they soon realise has been prepared from Eddie\'s mutilated body. Janet runs screaming into Rocky\'s arms and is slapped and chased through the halls of the castle by a jealous Frank. Janet, Brad, Dr. Scott, Rocky and Columbia all meet in Frank\'s lab, where Frank captures them with the Medusa Transducer, transforming them into statues. They are then forced to perform a live cabaret floor show and have a semi-orgy in the pool , with Frank as the leader. The performance is interrupted by Riff Raff and Magenta, who stage a coup and announce their plan to return to their home planet. In the process, they kill Columbia, Rocky and Frank. They release Brad, Janet and Dr. Scott, and then depart by lifting off in the Castle itself. The narrator then finishes the film by concluding that the human race is equivalent to insects crawling on the planet\'s surface.'] ['When porn star Roxy Doujor is denied entrance into the afterlife, she is given one last chance to help some poor soul on Earth. She finds Rudy Gerner,  working at a summer river resort. Roxy is given the task of helping Rudy lose his virginity in order to be allowed into the afterlife.'] ['Van Wilder  is an outgoing, friendly, and extremely popular student who has been at Coolidge College for seven years. For the past six semesters, he has made no effort to graduate, instead spending his time organizing parties and fundraisers, doing charity work, helping other students, and posing for figure drawing classes. But after seven years, with no return on his investment, Van\'s father  decides it is time to cut his losses and stops paying Van\'s tuition. Meanwhile, Gwen Pearson , a star reporter for the student newspaper, is asked to do an article on Van. It proves to be so popular that she is asked to write a follow-up article for the front page of the graduation issue. Although that would be a big win, she is rather put off when Van interprets her attempts to schedule interviews as romantic advances&mdash;when she already has a boyfriend, Richard Bagg , who happens to be the president of the student union and the leader of a fraternity. He takes personal offense at Van\'s attempts to steal his girlfriend, and becomes very stressed out at having to deal with this burden on top of preparing for medical school and leading the Delta Iota Kappa  fraternity. Subsequently, a rivalry develops between the two men. The rivalry grows as they perform increasingly disgusting pranks on each other. For instance, one scene involves Richard inviting Van over to a dinner with him and Gwen\'s family to prove a point about Van\'s lackadaisical attitude towards life  In one infamous scene, Van and his friends replace the cream inside some pastries with dog semen and send them to Richard\'s fraternity, where the frat brothers begin eating and do not realize what it really is until it is too late. At one point, Richard has intercourse with another woman from a sister sorority, which would be the final straw for Gwen later on. Richard also sets up Van at one of his own parties in which there are some  underage drinkers and reports it to the police, which leads to Van almost being expelled. However, Van proposes an alternative punishment: that the school force him to complete a semester\'s worth of work in the six days remaining, and then graduate. The committee agrees to this by a three-to-two decision. Gwen is impressed that Van is taking the initiative to get his life together. She then learns of Richard\'s setting up of Van, as well as his infidelity, and decides to take retribution. On the morning of Richard\'s MCAT and interview with Northwestern Medical School, Gwen laces his ritualistic protein shake with a powerful laxative. Since there are no bathroom breaks allowed during the test, Richard rushes through the 2-hour exam in 20 minutes, "dialing down the middle" towards the end and disgusting the other test-takers with frequent farting. Afterwards, just as he reaches the bathroom, he unexpectedly runs into the medical school interview committee. They pull him aside into an office to begin the interview and Richard ends up defecating explosively into a trash can right in front of them. He is briefly seen again in the film, reading Gwen\'s article in the school paper in the bathroom . Meanwhile, Van does well on his finals and celebrates his graduation with Gwen. A subplot depicts the saga of Taj Mahal Badalandabad , an Indian foreign exchange student who is accepted  to be Van\'s personal assistant. The main reason for his application for this position, Taj explains, is he wants to have sex with an American girl before he goes home. He meets a girl named Naomi , and Van pushes Taj to go for her  but Taj accidentally sets himself on fire with massage oil. At the end of the film, Taj meets another Indian girl, and it seems like they are going to hit it off.'] ['A group of Florida high school students plan on losing their virginity. They go to Porky\'s nightclub believing that they can hire a prostitute to satisfy their sexual desires. Porky takes their money but humiliates the kids by dumping them in the swamp. When the group demand their money back, the sheriff, who turns out to be Porky\'s brother, arrives to drive them away, but not before his minions extort the rest of their money and cause them more embarrassment. After Mickey  is beaten so badly he has to be hospitalized, the gang becomes hellbent on exacting revenge on Porky and his brother, eventually succeeding in sinking his establishment in the swamp. Porky and his men, joined by the sheriff, chase after the group, but they make it across the county line , where they are met by a group of the local police officers, one of whom is Mickey\'s older brother Ted, and the high school band. After Ted repeatedly damages Porky\'s car, he says that all charges against Porky for driving an unsafe vehicle will be dropped if the night\'s events are forgiven. Because the boys were too young to be legally allowed in Porky\'s in the first place, Porky and his brother have no choice but to agree. The film ends with the group getting their revenge and Pee Wee finally losing his virginity. In a subplot, the boys also peep on female students in their locker room shower. After  several unsuccessful attempts, Tommy, Billy and Pee Wee finally see several girls showering, but Pee Wee gives them away when he shouts at a particularly fat girl  to move so he can see. While a few girls run out, most stay, finding the situation funny. To test their attitude, Tommy sticks his tongue out through his peephole, but gets it smeared with soap. Infuriated, he drops his pants and sticks his penis through the opening just before female coach Beulah Balbricker  walks into the shower area. Spotting the protruding member, she sneaks up on Tommy, grabs his protruding part and pulls with all her might. Tommy manages to pull free and escape, but Beulah is now determined to prove that the offending member  belongs to Tommy, going so far as to request that Principal Carter hold a police-type line-up of the boys in the nude so she can identify it. However, Carter balks at such a request, and while the other basketball coaches laugh almost uncontrollably, Coach Brackett suggests getting the police involved. When this gets even Carter laughing, Balbricker leaves in a huff. The film ends with Ms. Balbricker sneaking out of the bushes to ambush Tommy and actually dragging his pants down, but she is pulled off of him by police and dragged away screaming that she saw "it" and that she can identify him.'] ['This female flip on "lose your virginity" comedies follows an 18-year-old girl as she tries to become a woman the night before throwing her cap in the air for graduation. However, she finds that this is easier said than done.Yahoo! Movies - 18 Year Old Virgin'] ['The film follows the lives of several students at the fictional Ridgemont High School over the course of one academic year. Brad Hamilton  is a senior who appears to have it made. He is looking forward to his last year of school and almost has his car  paid off. He is popular, in large part because of his part-time job at a burger joint where his girlfriend, Lisa , also works. Brad is pondering how to end his relationship with Lisa so he can play the field during his senior year. However, Brad is fired from his job at the burger joint for blowing his cool and threatening an obnoxious customer; and when he tries to tell Lisa how much he needs her at a school rally before a big football game, Lisa tells Brad that she is dumping him to see other guys. Brad quits his next job because of the humiliation of having to wear a pirate costume when delivering food. He gets a third job at a convenience store, where he successfully thwarts an attempted robbery and is promoted to store manager. Brad\'s sister, Stacy Hamilton , is a 15-year-old freshman. She is worried that she\'s not attractive or experienced enough to meet, let alone have relationships with, any guys. While working at the mall she meets a 26-year-old stereo salesman who asks her out . She sneaks out to meet him and they have sex at a secluded make-out spot, referred to as "The Point". She reveals the loss of her virginity to her friend, popular senior Linda  who assures her that it will hurt less as she does it more. Mike Damone , who earns money scalping tickets, and as a bookmaker, fancies himself a suave ladies\' man. He lets his younger best friend Mark "Rat" Ratner  in on his secrets for picking up girls. When he sees that Rat has a big crush on Stacy, Mike coaxes Rat into asking Stacy out on a date . Stacy invites Rat into her bedroom after the date, but Rat quickly shies away and leaves when Stacy tries to initiate sex with him. Later, Damone walks Stacy home after school and asks to come into her house. Stacy then invites Damone for a swim in the backyard pool; but when this leads to sex in the pool house with Stacy, Damone has a premature ejaculation and flees in embarrassment. When Stacy later informs Damone that she is pregnant as a result, he first agrees to pay half the fee for an abortion and to drive her to the abortion clinic, but reneges when he is unable to come up with the money. Desperate, Stacy convinces Brad to drive her to a bowling alley, but after he drops her off, he observes her through his rearview mirror going to an abortion clinic across the street. Brad waits for Stacy to come out and she makes him promise not to tell their parents. When Stacy tells Linda about Damone blowing her off, Linda flies into a rage and spray paints obscenities on Damone\'s car and school locker. Word quickly gets around school about Damone\'s impromptu sexual relationship with Stacy, which leads to a confrontation between Damone and Rat in the boys\' locker room. At the end of the film, the viewer is informed that Stacy and Rat are having a passionate love affair, but have still not "gone all the way". Jeff Spicoli  is a surfer and habitual marijuana user who is in Stacy\'s American history class. The strict teacher, Mr. Hand , has no patience with Spicoli\'s carefree attitude and especially not with Spicoli\'s wasting of class time. Finally, on the evening of the graduation dance, Mr. Hand shows up at Spicoli\'s house and informs him that since he has wasted eight hours of class time over the past year, Mr. Hand intends to make up for that time now. They proceed to have a one-on-one tutoring session that lasts until Mr. Hand is satisfied that Spicoli has understood the lesson. Outside of class, Spicoli wrecks a car  belonging to Ridgemont\'s star football player Charles Jefferson . To avoid being beaten up, Spicoli puts the car in Ridgemont\'s front lawn and paints the car with slurs supposedly written by Ridgemont\'s rival high school, Lincoln High school, an actual high school in San Diego, California. When Ridgemont plays Lincoln in an upcoming game, Jefferson is so full of rage that Ridgemont wins. An epilogue reveals that Spicoli saves Brooke Shields from drowning and then blows the reward money hiring Van Halen to play at his birthday party. Linda got accepted to UC Riverside and moved in with her abnormal psychology professor. Mr. Hand is left to believe everyone is on dope; and Mr. Vargas switched back to coffee.'] ['Timothy Bartlett  leaves his wife and kids to go on a business trip and has an affair with a young woman played by Sally Geeson.'] ["The film starts with the four friends of Rick, Cameron, Donnie and Ted arriving at their college reunion party and re-introducing themselves. Cam, Donnie and Ted are all married, but Rick's girlfriend, Susanne, says that she won't marry Rick because she says he can't commit. Cam is married to his high-school sweetheart, Lori, who slept around a lot in college. Ted was previously divorced, but got married a second time to a young woman in her mid twenties, while Ted was in his early forties. The next morning, the four friends meet on the golf course, and decide to play in two teams of two for money, low score winning the hole. Cam pairs up with Ted, and Rick with Donnie, who has never golfed in his life. Rick hits a 300 yard drive, while Cam and Ted struggle and Donnie takes many tries to hit the ball, but finally hits it into a tree. Rick then says he is an avid golfer and a hustler. Rick and Donnie win the first five nine holes, with Ted and Cam getting frustrated. Near the end of the round, Cam tells Ted how he can't afford the $2500 they bet on the game, so ted tells Rick they want to press, so they would play another 18 holes for $5000. They would play with the same teams, starting even. That night at the bar, Donnie sees Rick and a drunk Cam's wife, Lori go into the janitors closet, and Lori leave tucking her panties into her purse, suspecting they had sex. While the other wives compare themselves to Ted's young wife, and reminisce about how they used to look like that. The night ends with Donnie suspecting Rick and Lori are having an affair. During the second round, Rick and Donnie continue to lead, but Donnie continues to struggle. In the middle of the round, Rick tells Donnie to hit into the group ahead, but he hits into the trees. Rick hits soon after, nearly hitting one of them, then all four of them run into the trees. Later into the round, Donnie calls on Rick for cheating with Lori, and Cam storms off, but Rick proves they weren't in there nearly long enough to have sex, so the allegations are dropped. The three other golfers go back to the clubhouse to find Cam, and tell him that Lori isn't cheating on him. Rick then convinces Susanne to marry him after he proves he can commit to a relationship, soon after, they go back out to finish their game. On the last hole, in the dark, Ted hits his second shot close to the pin. Cam then says he was fired from his T.V. exec job 2 weeks earlier and can't afford to lose this game. With Rick also on the green close to the pin, starting to feel for his friend, and his loss and desperation. On the green, Cam narrowly misses his birdie putt leaving it on the lip, leaving Rick with a putt to win. Rick feels bad for Cam and shifts his putter head slightly, hits his ball into cam's ball and knocks Cam's ball into the hole, giving Cam and Ted the win. It is at that moment that Cam says he wasn't fired, he hustled the hustler, Rick. After that, the four of them sing the Bryan Adams song 18 'Til I Die, a song familiar to them from college. The film ends and the credits roll with the four jumping in mid-air on the 18th green."] ["Two college girls, Ducky and Ginger, meet their naive friend, Sarah, at a Southern California beach house. The house belongs to Sarah's uncle and to their luck has allowed them to use his house for the summer while he is gone. Soon after Ducky and Ginger arrive, the two plan the first of many wild parties, but not without some resistance from Sarah. The two continue the plans for more partying including inviting assorted misfits, delivery persons, and people just passing by. Eventually, Sarah's resistance fades and joins in on the wild parties."] ['The plot closely follows the original Israeli film Eskimo Limon, and revolves around protagonist Gary , a typical high school student, and his friends Rick , the slick ladies\' man, and David , the "Belushi-esque" comic relief. Most of the plot involves their numerous attempts to have sex, which are usually successful for Rick and David, but never for Gary. Early in the film the three boys pick up three girls with the promise of cocaine . They go over to Gary\'s house where he gets stuck with the homely and overweight Millie, a friend of the other two more attractive girls. But their party is intrupted when Gary\'s parents return home and pandemonium ensues. Later in the film, a love triangle develops between Gary, Rick and Karen  a young transfer student to their school and who is a virgin that Rick becomes determined to deflower. One day Gary delivers pizza to Carmela , a sexy Latina woman whose sailor boyfriend is never home, and she tells him she wants more than just pizza. Being too afraid to follow up on it, he goes away and convinces his friends to go along with him. They drop by her home using the pretext they were nearby on a pizza delivery and decided to bring her over some extra pizzas. She lets them in, puts on music and performs a sexy dance routine, to the delight of the boys. She promptly fornicates with Rick and David, but her boyfriend Paco returns home just as Gary is about to have his turn, prompting them to flee. Eventually, Rick gets Karen pregnant after they have sex only once, and he leaves her. Gary decides to help Karen pay for her abortion by selling most of his possessions and borrowing money from his boss. After the abortion, Gary and Karen spend the remainder of the weekend alone together in Gary\'s grandmother\'s house. Whilst nursing her back to health, Gary tells Karen that he sincerely loves her. Karen appears to be reciprocal and they both share a tender kiss. Later, Karen invites Gary to her 18th birthday party the following week. Gary scrapes up a few more dollars and buys Karen a gold locket for her birthday. However, when Gary arrives at the party, his dreams of a lasting romance with Karen are shattered when he sees Karen making out with Rick. Despite what Rick had put Karen through, she apparently decided to take him back. Gary angrily leaves the party without saying a word to either of them, taking Karen\'s gift with him. The film ends with the end credits rolling over a close-up of tears streaming down Gary\'s face as he drives home alone, emotionally broken and defeated.'] ['Tim and Sally Willows ([[John Hubbard  are a spoiled well-off couple who constantly bicker and cannot agree on anything. When they both wish they could live what they believe is the easy life of the other, they have their identities switched by an ancient Indian idol.'] ['Hunky writer Markus  returns home to find his boyfriend of four years naked with another man. Newly single, he begins waiting tables at a swinging Chelsea hotspot where the indelible supporting cast of co-workers offers conflicting directions on the off-road map to love and lust in New York City. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0411883/plotsummary'] ['When Jonathan Ogner  first shows up to prep school, he is laughed at for wearing his school uniform. He then goes up to his dorm and meets his new roommate , who introduces himself as Franklin Burroughs IV but tells Jonathan to call him "Skip." Skip then takes off his trench coat and is shown to be wearing a red bra and girls\' underwear. He explains to the shocked Jonathan that it isn\'t what it looks like and that it\'s a tradition for the seniors to parade around campus wearing only girls\' underwear. When Jonathan doesn\'t have any, Skip gives him a set that he had in his dresser. Skip and Jonathan travel out of the dorm together until they get to the final door where Skip stays behind and locks the door. The other students begin to laugh and mock Jonathan for wearing girls\' underwear. Mortified, Jonathan attempts to flee the scene. After discovering that Skip has locked all the doors, Jonathan climbs a trellis that leads into his dorm where he finds Skip lying on the floor laughing hysterically. Skip tries to tell Jonathan that it was all just a practical joke and to just laugh it off, but Jonathan is too embarrassed to see the humor. Later, during lunch time in the cafetaria, the other students again begin to taunt Jonathan as he tries to eat his meal. When Skip invites Jonathan over to his table to sit with him and his friends, Jonathan turns to reveal that he is crying from shame. Skip is now deeply remorseful for having played such a prank on Jonathan as he sees Jonathan flee the cafeteria. When Skip returns to their room to apologize to Jonathan he finds Jonathan hanging with a rope around his neck in an apparent suicide. Skip goes to get help, but when he returns to the room where Jonathan hanged himself, Skip and the gathering crowd find not Jonathan but a mannequin with a picture of the Dean\'s face attached to its head. The crowd begins to laugh hysterically at Skip as the Dean says he wants to see both Skip and Jonathan in his office. As the crowd disperses, Skip hears laughter coming from the closet. Upon opening the closet door Skip finds Jonathan very much alive and laughing at Skip telling Skip that it was just a joke. Skip grudgingly accepts the prank reversal and the two become fast friends. After becoming friends the two share secrets and Jonathan admits to Skip that he cheated on the SAT exam. After several failed attempts to find Jonathan a date, Skip decides that it is his sworn duty to help his friend have a successful sexual encounter fast for all their sakes. Skip decides to send Jonathan to Chicago to meet a girl and gain sexual experience before both of their reputations are ruined. Jonathan is picked up by Ellen, a beautiful older woman, and has an affair with her. Jonathan begins to fall in love with Ellen even though the older woman knows it to be just a fling between them. Jonathan lies and claims to be a Ph.D. student. When Jonathan proclaims his love to Ellen during one of their sessions, Ellen begins to have second thoughts about continuing the relationship. Her decision is finalized when she discovers that Jonathan is not only much younger than he had originally claimed to be, but he also attends the same school that her own son attends. Over Christmas break, Skip invites Jonathan to spend Christmas with him and his family at the Burroughs\'s estate. It is here that Jonathan discovers that Ellen is Skip\'s mother and is married. Jonathan tries to end the affair, but Skip\'s mother contacts Jonathan several times. Eventually Jonathan agrees to meet Ellen to talk. He lies to Skip, claiming to need time alone. When Jonathan and Ellen meet, they end up in bed again. In an attempt to cheer up his friend, Skip and friends go to Jonathan\'s hotel room. There they discover Jonathan in bed with Skip\'s mother. Skip is very upset by this and is very cold toward Jonathan. However, he does not turn John in during an investigation into cheating on the SAT. At the end of the movie, Skip and Jonathan have a violent fist fight, but make up in the last scene.'] ['Elliot Slater  is a young, attractive, Australian professional photographer living in Southern California. Having always been uncomfortable with his sexual proclivities, which tend toward the BDSM realm, he signs up for a dominatrix-themed vacation on a private tropical island known as "Eden" in the hopes of working through his discomfort. Unbeknownst to him, prior to embarking on his journey of sexual discovery, he has unwittingly photographed an international jewel thief of whom no other photos exist. The jewel thief Omar ([[Stuart Wilson  and his criminal partner Nina ([[Iman  are intent on recovering the film in order to retain Omar\'s anonymity. They follow the photographer to the island resort run by the dominatrix Mistress Lisa , posing as vacationers. Following a tip that Omar is on the island, undercover police officers Fred  and Sheila  also arrive, Sheila in the guise of a vacationer and Fred as a handyman. Comedic antics ensue amid the activities of scantily clad guests and employees, acting out their dominant and submissive fantasies. In the course of Elliot\'s experiences as Mistress Lisa\'s personal submissive, including a scene where she ties him up and plays with his bare buttocks, the two begin to fall in love. The action comes to a climax on a quick trip to New Orleans, where Lisa reluctantly admits her feelings for Elliot, all the while tailed by Omar, who attempts to kill them. Fortunately, Fred and Sheila save the day, sending Omar and Nina to jail, and receive commendations for solving the case.'] ["In the film, a group of young women decide to help out a local carwash by wearing bikinis while they wash customers' cars. This succeeds in attracting more customers, more money, and more attention from the police, who are not amused by the scantily-dressed employees."] ['A dysfunctional and sometimes violent romance between Mathieu , a middle-aged, wealthy Frenchman, and a young, impoverished and beautiful flamenco dancer from Seville, Conchita, played by Carole Bouquet and Angela Molina. The two actresses each appear unpredictably in separate scenes, and differ not only physically, but temperamentally as well. Most of the film is a "flashback," told by Mathieu; the framing, non-flashback story elements appear only at the start and end of the film. The movie opens with Mathieu travelling by train from Seville to Paris. He\'s trying to distance himself from his young girlfriend Conchita. As Mathieu\'s train is ready to depart he finds that a bruised and bandaged Conchita is pursuing him. From the train he pours a bucket of water over her head. He believes this deters her, but she sneaks aboard. Mathieu\'s fellow compartment passengers witness his rude act. These include a mother and her young daughter, a judge who is coincidentally a friend of Mathieu\'s cousin, and a psychologist who coincidentally is a dwarf. They inquire about his motivation for such an act and he then explains the history of his tumultuous relationship with Conchita. The story is set against a backdrop of terrorist bombings and shootings. Conchita, who claims to be 18 but looks older, vows to remain a virgin until marriage. She tantalizes Mathieu with sexual promises but never allows him to satisfy his sexual desire. At one point she goes to bed with him wearing what appear to be a pair of tightly laced canvas shorts, making it impossible to have sexual intercourse. Conchita\'s antics cause the couple to break up and reunite repeatedly, each time frustrating and confusing Mathieu. Eventually, Mathieu finds Conchita dancing nude for tourists in a Seville nightclub. At first he becomes enraged. Later, however, he forgives her and buys her a house. In a climactic scene, soon after moving into the house, Conchita refuses to let Mathieu in at the gate, tells him that she hates him, and that kissing and touching him make her sick. Then, to prove her independence, appears to have sex with a young man in plain view of Mathieu. After this, Conchita attempts to reconcile with Mathieu, insisting that the sex was fake and that her "lover" is in reality a homosexual friend. However, during her explanation, Mathieu beats her , causing her bandaged and bruised state seen earlier in the film. Just as the fellow train passengers seem satisfied with this story, Conchita reappears from hiding and dumps a bucket of water on Mathieu. However, the couple apparently reconciles yet again when the train reaches its destination. After leaving the train, they walk arm in arm, enjoying the streets of Madrid. Later in a mall in Paris, loudspeakers announce that a strange alliance of extremist groups intends to sow chaos and confusion in society through terrorist attacks. The announcement adds that several right-wing groups plan to counterattack. As the couple continues their walk, they pass a seamstress in a shop window mending a bloody veil. They begin arguing just as a bomb explodes, apparently claiming their lives.'] ['Irma la Douce ["Irma the Sweet"] tells the story of Nestor Patou , an honest cop, who after being transferred from the park Bois de Boulogne to a more urban neighborhood in Paris, finds a street full of prostitutes working the at Hotel Casanova and proceeds to raid the place. The police inspector, who is Nestor\'s superior, and the other policemen, have been aware of the prostitutes but are tolerating them in exchange for bribes. The inspector, a client of the prostitutes himself, fires Nestor, who is accidentally framed for bribery. Kicked off the force and humiliated, Nestor finds himself drawn to the very neighborhood that ended his career with the Paris police - returning to Chez Moustache, a popular hangout for prostitutes and their pimps. Down on his luck, Nestor becomes close friends with Irma La Douce , a popular prostitute. He also reluctantly accepts, as a confidant, the proprietor of Chez Moustache, a man known only as "Moustache". (In a running joke, Moustache  After Irma dumps her pimp boyfriend, Nestor moves in with her, and he soon finds himself as Irma\'s new pimp. Jealous of the thought of Irma with other men, Nestor comes up with a plan to stop Irma\'s prostitution. But he soon finds out that it\'s not all that it\'s cracked up to be. He invents an alter-ego, "Lord X", a British peer who "becomes" Irma\'s sole client. Nestor\'s plans to keep Irma off the streets soon backfire and she becomes suspicious, since Nestor must work long and hard to earn the cash "Lord X" pays Irma. When Irma decides to leave Paris with the fictitious Lord X, Nestor decides to end the charade. Unaware that he\'s being tailed by Irma\'s former pimp, he finds a secluded stretch along the river Seine and tosses his disguise into it. The pimp, not having seen Nestor change his clothes, sees "Lord X"\'s clothes floating in the water, and concludes that Nestor murdered him. Arrested by the police, Nestor is advised by Moustache against revealing that Lord X was a fabrication. "The jails are full of innocent people because they told the truth," the barkeep claims. Following Moustache\'s advice, Nestor admits to having killed Lord X, but only because of his love for Irma. Hauled off to jail, but with Irma in love with him, Nestor is sentenced to 15 years\' hard labor. Learning that Irma is pregnant Nestor escapes from prison, with Moustache\'s help, and returns to Irma. He narrowly avoids being recaptured when the police search for him in Irma\'s apartment, but donning his old uniform Nestor simply blends in with the other police. With the help of Irma\'s ex-pimp, Nestor arranges for the police to search for him along the Seine from which, dressed as Lord X, he emerges. Knowing he can\'t be rearrested for a murder that the police now know didn\'t occur, Nestor rushes to church, where he plans to marry Irma. They barely make it through the ceremony before Irma delivers their baby. While Nestor and everyone else is occupied with Irma, Moustache notices one of the guests sitting alone in the front row. Rising from his seat and walking past Moustache, the guest is none other than Lord X! A clearly baffled Moustache looks at Lord X, and then at the audience. "But that\'s another story", he says.'] ['Sid Boggle  and his friend Bernie Lugg  are partners in a plumbing business. They take their girlfriends, the prudish Joan Fussey  and meek Anthea Meeks , to the cinema to see the film Paradise about a nudist camp. Sid has the idea of the foursome holidaying there, reasoning that in the environment their heretofore chaste girlfriends will relax their strict moral standards. Sid easily gains Bernie\'s co-operation in the scheme, which they bravely attempt to keep secret from the girls. They travel to the campsite named Paradise. After paying the fees to the owner, money-grabbing farmer Josh Fiddler , Sid realises it is not the camp of the film but a standard family campsite. Furthermore, it not a paradise but a damp field with the only facilities being a basic ablutions block. They reluctantly agree to stay after Fiddler refuses a refund and the girls approve of the place. There is further disappointment when the girls won\'t share a tent with the boys. Sid and Bernie soon set their sights on a bunch of young ladies on holiday from the Chayste Place finishing school. The ringleader of the girls is blonde and bouncy Babs . In charge of the girls is Dr Soaper , who is fervently pursued by his lovelorn colleague, the school\'s matron, Miss Haggard . During an outdoor aerobics session led by Dr Soaper, Babs\' bikini top flies off and is caught by Soaper.  Other campers are Peter Potter , who hates camping but must endure a jolly yet domineering wife Harriet , who has a hideous braying cackle. Naive first-time camper Charlie Muggins ([[Charles Hawtrey , completes the mismatched trio. Chaos ensues when a group of hippies arrive in the next field for a noisy all-night rave - a live concert by band "The Flowerbuds". The campers club together and successfully drive the ravers away, but all the girls leave with them. However, there is a happy ending for Bernie and Sid when their girlfriends finally agree to sleep with them. Their joy is short-lived when Joan\'s mother turns up but Anthea lets a goat loose which chases Joan\'s mother away.'] ['Nineteen year old Charles  is a highly sexed and precociously intelligent teenager about to attend Oxford University. Before he does he intends to use all his charm and intelligence to seduce a beautiful American girl, Rachel . Charles becomes completely besotted by Rachel, and after numerous rebuffs he eventually forges a friendship with her. Things become complicated, however, and his strategy becomes threatened. Rachel already has a boyfriend, DeForest ; however, he is a control freak who does not treat her particularly well. With help from his sister Jenny, his lunatic brother-in-law Norman  and best friend and big brother mentor Geoff , Charles eventually manages to lure Rachel away from DeForest, and his father Gordon  is impressed with Charles\' new quarry; however, as the unlikely relationship develops, Charles discovers that his seemingly "perfect" woman has numerous dislikeable habits and personality traits, just like all of the other "lesser" girls he has previously seduced. Irritated by some of Rachel\'s habits, Charles grows bored and is seduced by, and later sleeps with, his old flame Gloria , ending his relationship with Rachel, who subsequently moves to New York. Charles still ends up going to Oxford University, but he does not enjoy his life there, feeling that his life is missing something following the end of his relationship with Rachel. She and Charles accidentally meet up again in a museum there and spend the whole day together, but at the end, Rachel kisses him only on the cheek, and leaves. We hear Charles in voiceover saying that he tried to remember William Blake\'s quotation about love being eternal, so that he could say it to Rachel, but was unable to. Charles then finally realises, all too late, that he had in fact fallen genuinely in love with Rachel while he was with her and regrets his actions, but is forced to face the reality that he has now probably lost her forever.'] ['Dorm Daze 2 unfolds during a Semester-at-Sea-type cruise in the Caribbean. The class from Billingsly University are trying to put on a play to win a contest. Sexy and scheming Gerri  and stoner Pete  are competing for a scholarship. Newmar  is trying to have sex with his Christian girlfriend . Rusty  is just trying to have sex with anything he can. The creepy Dante  runs around planning all sorts of nefarious schemes. Meanwhile a priceless stolen jewel is loose on the boat and everyone is after it.'] ["Jack Lemmon stars as the playboy landlord Mr. Hogan, a swinging bachelor. Women are mere playthings to him, plus he's a master con man. His bachelor pad is a holy temple of seduction: blood-red walls, African sculptures, a well-stocked cocktail bar, and a switch-operated fireplace. He walks around wearing a scarlet blazer  and a devilish smirk. As the landlord of a Californian apartment block, he only rents rooms to gorgeous single women at just $75 a month. The film begins as Irene Wilson , a recently divorced tenant, has just concluded her relationship with Hogan. She's moving out of her apartment, which is immediately snapped up by her naïve niece, Robin Austin . Hogan is thrilled at the prospect of yet another beautiful tenant to seduce, but is initially unaware that Robin's short-tempered, eternally-frustrated, bumbling boyfriend David  will also be moving in. The temptation is naturally there, but Hogan does his best to prevent David and Robin from consummating their relationship. Irene, who has only lately come to realise the extent of Hogan's promiscuity, is determined to prevent him from getting his hands on her niece. Irene confronts him at his barber, and Hogan is self-defensive and self-deluded to comic effect. Murphy  and Dorkus  are two servants who work for Hogan. They are also married; much to Murphy's unhappiness."] ['Chris  is not getting along with boyfriend Sandor  and has an affair with parole officer Dennis . Dennis invites the couple to dinner with his ex-girlfriend Jan . At a picnic on the beach, Jan meets lifeguard Phil , who later sleeps with Chris and moves in with the other five. Phil brings in a with person, lawyer Elaine . The "group marriage" of the six of them attracts media attention.\'Group Marriage\' review at DVD Drive-In'] ['Javier Bardem, is Benito González, a flamboyant construction worker in Melilla. His dream was to build the tallest building ever in the region. His ambitions, extravagance and personal conflicts pummeled his dreams to the ground. Determined to satisfy his ambitions, Benito, waltzed through a life of excess, fetishes and deceptions that would ultimately send his life spiraling down. The film makes direct and symbolic references to the work of Spanish Surrealist painter Salvador Dalí.'] ['Christine "Chris" Ramsey  lies in bed narrating a trashy romance novel to her roommate at the Cherryvale Academy for Girls, Betsy . Meanwhile, three students of the nearby Freemount Academy for Men, including Jim Green  and his overweight, slobbish friend Bubba , sneak into Cherryvale to peek on the girls. Jordan Leigh-Jenson , showering at the time, sees that the boys are peering at her and enlists Chris and Betsy\'s help to drive them away; the three boys fall off the side of the building. In response to being disturbed, the roommates light a bag of feces on fire and put it in front of Jordan\'s door. About a week later, at a co-ed dance, Chris reveals that Jim is her boyfriend; as the couple are dancing, Chris tells Jim that she\'s decided she wants to surrender her virginity to him. After a speech by headmistress Miss Dutchbok , the band plays a slow song while Jordan dances alone and conspires against Chris. Bubba, sporting an erection from Miss Dutchbok\'s speech, sneaks off to the headmistress\' office with Betsy to drink and have sex; however, the two are caught in the act by the headmistress and her friends. The following day, after morning aerobics, Chris books a hotel for herself and Jim. After another period of time, students of the two schools are horseriding together. Jordan trots past where Chris and Jim are talking and flashes her breasts at Jim. In revenge, Betsy steals Jordan\'s shirt, forcing the latter to horseride nude in front of the headmistress et alumni. That weekend, Jim goes to buy condoms but is distracted by the pharmacist  and ends up buying dental hygiene products; when Chris goes to buy the protection herself, she is distracted and eventually seen by Miss Dutchbok. After a time in the arcade where Jim is forced to speak romantically over the phone to Chris by his friends, Jordan swears greater revenge. The following day, Jim, Bubba, and another friend dress as women in order to sneak into the girls shower room. Jim is caught by Jordan, who arouses him with a cold bottle and forces him to give her a massage. Meanwhile, Bubba meets up with Betsy for a tryst but leaves when she demands more from him. As Bubba is exiting the building through the ledge, he witnesses Jim massaging Jordan. When he is startled by Betsy, he falls off the ledge; meanwhile, Betsy catches Jim and tells Chris, leading to the two breaking up. After several weeks of unsuccessfully trying to get Chris back, during parent visitation day Jim asks for the help of her father. After he and Betsy tell Chris to take Jim back, she does; Chris and Jim then leave for the hotel. After failing to have sex during the night because Chris finds the hotel too kitschy, they have sex on the beach in the morning. Meanwhile, Jordan\'s father  has sex with her new stepmother while the chauffeur Chauncey  listens in. Not long afterwards, Miss Dutchbok, who has mistaken Chauncey for Mr. Leigh-Jenson, have sex in the back of Leigh-Jenson\'s car; Bubba and Betsy, looking to have another tryst, climb into the front seat and turn on the loudspeakers, ensuring that the sounds of both couples at coitus are carried far and wide. Upon realizing what Bubba has done, Miss Dutchbok lunges at him, eventually resulting in the car going into the pool. Afterwards, Bubba begins hitting on Jordan, eventually leading to Jordan paying him a midnight visit; when Betsy catches them together, she is apoplectic. The film ends with graduation day, where the graduating girls moon the camera.'] ['Four high school friends decide to take all easy classes their last year of high school. One of their classes is a program for housing foreign exchange students. The four students are having troubles with grades, aspirations and love and are helped out by the foreign exchange students that they were supposed to be helping out.'] ['{{Plot}} Casey Meadows is a free-spirited young woman working as a dishwasher in an upscale restaurant when one day she receives a hand-delivered job offer as a driver for Brentwood Limousine Service. The company manager, McBride is appalled at Casey\'s young, brash presence... and the fact that she\'s a woman in an all-male establishment. McBride soon learns that Mr. Witherspoon, the company owner, personally handpicked her and offered the letter of employment. McBride reluctantly agrees to hire her, but warns her that she will be fired if she steps out of line. Casey experiences sexism and chauvinism from her fellow,  limo drivers. While frustrated at her lack of acceptance and tolerance amongst her new co-workers, she does manage to find some kindness and support in Jeremy O\'Brien, an older Irish driver. Jeremy convinces her to tough it out and give the change-hating men time to adjust to her presence. She agrees to stay. Casey is routinely given bad assignments that are engineered to get her fired. Her first job is driving a high, oversexed and hung-over British punk rock singer named "Cat Fight"  to his concert. Casey finds Cat Fight in a motel bed with three nude women in a drug-induced stupor. Realizing she\'ll be fired if she doesn\'t deliver him to the concert, she takes a cooler full of ice water and dumps it on Cat Fight\'s bed. Casey manages to get Cat Fight and the three women  into the car. Despite many shenannigans, including Cat Fight stealing the panties from a senior citizen, Casey manages to bring him into the arena just in time for the concert. Then he barely makes it onto the stage with the girls in time. The following day, McBride learns of the incident involving the senior citizen and prepares to fire her. However, Cat Fight\'s manager comes in and personally thanks both McBride and Casey for delivering Cat to the concert on-time... a first for him. The act manages to temporarily prevent her firing. Casey is assigned to transport Battle Witherspoon, an arrogant, heartless, workaholic executive who is stalking his ex-girlfriend. The angry ex tells him she can no longer stand to be with him and says she is pregnant with another man\'s child. Casey, sympathetic, offers visibily devastated Battle some liquor from the onboard bar. After consuming an excessive amount, Battle runs out of the car and strips his clothes off, running through a park, making a huge nuisance of himself. He finally returns to the limo and passes out. Not knowing where Battle\'s residence is, Casey takes him to her home so he can recover from the day\'s events. The following morning, he awakens and is back to his old hateful self, hurtfully insulting Casey before leaving. Unbeknownst to Casey, Battle Witherspoon is actually the son of the Mr. Witherspoon, the owner of the limo company. Mr. Witherspoon orders Battle to check out another of his companies upstate in Sonoma. Casey is assigned to drive Battle up north, much to their mutual displeasure. Halfway through the trip, the car overheats and breaks down in a remote location on the highway. Battle and Casey walk off in search of a phone. After walking and bickering for several hours, night falls and they get caught in a rainstorm. Casey sprains her ankle and is unable to walk. Battle continues his walk while carrying Casey in his arms. They finally find a rustic cabin occupied by a hillbilly couple, who invite them to spend the night. Both are put in a bedroom with a single bed and after another one of their arguments, Battle kisses her. Both finally acknowledge their mutual passionate attaction and make love. The following morning, Battle proposes marriage but Casey refuses, fearing he will return to his emotionally-distant ways. Much later, Casey is next assigned to transport a Middle Eastern sheik to a meeting. The shiek  is approached by a con artist [Penn Jillette] out for a wild night on the town complete with an orgy with prostitutes. After Casey returns, she is fired by McBride after learning that police and government agents have been searching for the missing sheik the whole time he was out on the town and learning of the details of the orgy. Realizing that he\'s fallen for Casey, Battle starts making some positive changes in his life and continues his efforts to court Casey. He slowly wins Casey over and takes her home to meet his father. When she arrives at the estate, she experiences Deja Vu, recalling the times she played in the Witherspoon mansion as a child. It turns out that Casey\'s mother was formerly employed by Witherspoon. But shockingly, Witherspoon reveals that he is Casey\'s biological father, making Battle and Casey siblings. Just then, Jeremy comes into the room with Giles, another limo driver, ordering Giles to confess what he knows about Casey\'s paternity. He reveals Witherspoon is not Casey\'s biological father, Giles is. Giles was in a relationship with Casey\'s mother before she and Witherspoon spent their "little weekend together". Giles  reveals that he denied paternity in order that Casey would receive stable financial support as an heiress to the Witherspoon fortune. Casey makes amends with Giles The movie ends with Battle and Casey\'s wedding. As they climb into the back of a Brentwood Limousine. The driver is McBride, who has finally received his comeuppance for his mysogynic treatment of Casey.'] ["Two nerds, Nelson and Adam book a room at an inexpensive hotel in Ft. Lauderdale for a great time on Spring break, where they meet Stu and O.T. from Brooklyn, New York, also there to have fun. The hotel has overbooked the room so Nelson, Adam, Stu and O.T. agree to share the room due to the shortage of hotel rooms. The Wet T-shirt contests, beer drinking and other illicit activities associated with Spring Break are all on display here. Nelson's step-dad shows up and causes trouble for the group; he is paired with a building inspector who threatens to shut down the hotel ."] ["Charlie Y. Reader  is a 35-year-old theatrical agent in New York, living a seemingly idyllic life as a bachelor. Numerous women (among them Poppy , Helen , and Jessica  come and go, cleaning and cooking for him. Charlie's best friend since kindergarten, Joe McCall , who has a wife named Ethel and children in Indianapolis, comes to New York for a stay at Charlie's apartment, claiming that the excitement is gone from his 11-year marriage and that he wants to leave his wife. Joe envies and is amazed by Charlie's parade of girlfriends, while Charlie professes admiration for Joe's married life and family. At an audition, Charlie meets singer-actress Julie Gillis . She has her life planned to a tight schedule, determined to marry and retire from performing to a life of child-rearing by 22. Although at first she wards off Charlie's advances, she comes to see him as the ideal man for her plans. Julie demands that Charlie stop seeing other women. Charlie balks, but he begins to fall in love with her. Joe starts keeping company with Sylvia Crewes , a sophisticated classical musician and a typically neglected lover of Charlie's. Sylvia is approaching 33 and desires marriage as much as the younger Julie does. One day, annoyed by Julie and possibly jealous of Joe's attentions, Charlie blurts out a proposal of marriage to Sylvia. She is thrilled, only to discover the morning after their engagement party that he has proposed to Julie as well. Joe confesses his love to Sylvia and asks her to marry him. She turns him down, knowing that he loves his wife and children. Sylvia reminds Joe that girls turn into wives when they marry and she wants the same things Ethel does. On her way out, Sylvia runs into a charming stranger near the elevator who clearly wants to get to know her much better. Joe packs up and returns to Indiana to his wife. Charlie, his other girlfriends also having moved on with their lives, leaves for Europe for a year. Charlie returns just in time to see Sylvia marrying the new man in her life. She flips him the bridal bouquet. Julie is also at the wedding. Charlie tosses the flowers to her, then asks her to marry him. She agrees and they kiss."] ["The plot is basically the same as that of the stage production, with one significant difference. In the original, Ed Earl and Miss Mona had a one-night stand fifteen years earlier, but in the film they maintain an ongoing affair. The relationship in the film brings about not only the accusatory scene, when the sheriff&mdash;disappointed that Mona has broken her promise to close the Chicken Ranch down long enough for things to cool off&mdash;calls her a whore, but also the happy ending, when he proposes marriage to Mona, even though that might endanger his chances to be elected as a state legislator.  The house used in the film is located at Universal Studios in Hollywood and can be viewed as part of the backlot tram tour.  The inspiration for the set came from a real ranchhouse located outside Austin, Texas, which is featured in scenes from the movie.{{cite web}} The role of Melvin P. Thorpe  is based on Marvin Zindler, an eccentric consumer reporter for Houston's KTRK-TV."] ["Set in the seedy parts of New York City, Killer Condom follows gay Detective Luigi Mackeroni , who has been hired to investigate a series of bizarre attacks at the Hotel Quickie in which male guests have all had their penises mysteriously bitten off. While at the crime scene, he enlists the services of a gigolo named Billy and invites him up to the crime room. Before the two men engage in sex, a carnivorous living condom interrupts them and bites off Mackeroni's right testicle. Now on a personal vendetta, Mackeroni begins his lone quest to not only bring a stop to the rash of condom attacks, but also face his true feelings toward Billy the gigolo."] ['John Beckwith  and Jeremy Grey  are divorce mediators in Washington D.C. The two friends frequently "crash" wedding parties to meet women, working from a set of rules taught to them by a past crasher, Chazz Reinhold. The duo always has cover stories for inquisitive guests and inevitably become the hit of every reception. Their goals are to enjoy the free food and drinks and ultimately to charm their way into bed with women from the wedding for a one-night stand. After a sequence of successful crashes, Jeremy takes John to a wedding for the daughter of the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury, William Cleary . Once inside, the pair set their sights on Cleary\'s other daughters, Gloria  and Claire . Jeremy ends up having sex with Gloria on a nearby beach while the reception is taking place. Gloria is possessive and quickly becomes obsessed with Jeremy. She claims to have been a virgin until the encounter, which shocks Jeremy, and he tries to get John to bail on the reception with him. Meanwhile, John is attempting to court Claire, the maid of honor, but he is interrupted by her hotheaded boyfriend, Sack Lodge , who later turns out to want to date Claire only because of William\'s political power and is shown to openly mock and cheat on her behind her back. Later, John convinces Jeremy to accept the family\'s invitation to an extended weekend party at their family compound. Once there, Jeremy, John, and other members of the family play a game of touch football, which ends with Jeremy being badly hurt by an over-aggressive Sack. Gloria tends to him, while trying to engage him in sexual intercourse at the same time. At dinner later that evening, Gloria gives Jeremy a hand job under the dinner table, while John spikes Sack\'s wine with eye-drops. Sack becomes sick, which lets John further connect with Claire, and they agree to go for a walk together following dinner. John goes to his room to change his shoes, but William\'s wife, Kathleen ([[Jane Seymour , makes John fondle her surgically enhanced breasts, then rebuffs his actions, much to John\'s confusion. Later that night, Gloria ties up Jeremy and proceeds to rape him, thinking she is being "adventurous" and is fulfilling fantasies. That same night, Gloria\'s gay brother, Todd , paints a provocative image of Jeremy and tries to seduce him, but is interrupted by his father. The next morning, Jeremy asks John if they can go home, but John convinces him to stay, which helps Jeremy realize that John is falling for Claire. That afternoon, the family  go sailing, where John and Claire continue to bond. Following the sailing trip, the family  go on a hunting trip, where Sack intentionally shoots Jeremy in the buttocks . After the hunting trip, John and Claire go on a bike ride through the country, and they end up at a secluded beach. Claire finally admits she isn\'t sure how she feels about Sack, and ends up kissing John passionately. Meanwhile, Gloria is tending to Jeremy\'s wounds, and reveals to Jeremy that she was not a virgin when they met, and that she only said that because that\'s what she thought he would like to hear. Jeremy realizes that he may be in love with Gloria. Later that day while eating lunch, Sack announces his engagement to Claire, leaving Claire at a loss for words, as she had not actually been proposed to. Outside, John is about to convince Claire to be with him, when they are interrupted by Jeremy being chased out of the house. Sack emerges and forces John and Jeremy to tell the truth about who they really are, as he had them privately investigated. John reluctantly reveals their true identities, and William kicks them out. While leaving, Todd wants his portrait back, but Jeremy tells him that he\'s keeping it as a gift; this gives Todd some relief knowing that someone took him seriously as an artist. Jeremy and Gloria briefly confess their love to each other. John and Jeremy return to their normal lives. During that time, Jeremy is trying to keep his relationship with Gloria a secret when John comes in to talk to him. He\'s found a new way to try and reconcile with Claire by trying to be a waiter at her engagement party. Jeremy tries to convince him that his attempts to reconcile with her were unsuccessful and he needs to let it go by coming to term that Claire doesn\'t want anything to do with him. While pretending to be a waiter, he is caught and brutally beaten by Sack . Once he recovers, he goes to search for Jeremy , but instead finds him still at his house and having sex with Gloria. When John learns the truth, he\'s very upset by it and it causes a rift between him and Jeremy. John crashes several more weddings alone, but behaves erratically due to his state of depression, and soon becomes nihilistic and suicidal. Meanwhile, Jeremy continues his relationship with Gloria, culminating in an accepted marriage proposal, and Claire begins to doubt her relationship with Sack. Jeremy attempts to reconcile with John, asking him to be his best man, but John refuses. John then goes to meet their mentor, Chazz Reinhold , to reaffirm Jeremy\'s apparent stupidity in getting engaged. During the visit, Chaz talks him into crashing a funeral instead of going to Jeremy\'s wedding, as Chaz believes that grief is the best aphrodisiac. While there, John takes notice of a woman who is truly grieving for her husband because she loved him. He reconsiders his stance on love and marriage and rushes to Jeremy\'s wedding. John joins the wedding mid-ceremony to Jeremy\'s delight, but soon disrupts it by attempting to speak to Claire. Claire, in tears, leaves the altar, but John quickly professes his love to her and his feelings of regret of his past behavior towards women. Sack interrupts, asking Claire to return to the altar so the wedding can be finished. Claire finally tells Sack that she can\'t marry him. He turns to William for help, but instead William states his full support of his daughter\'s decision to reject Sack, after he admits he put up with him because he thought Claire was happy. Clearly angry, Sack begins aggressively demanding Claire to return to the altar. John states that everyone is getting a good preview of what it would be like to be married to Sack . Sack loses control of himself completely and rushes at John, but Jeremy intervenes and knocks him out. The film ends with Jeremy getting married to Gloria, John uniting with Claire, and the two couples driving away talking about crashing another wedding together.'] ["Alan  comes to believe that he is the last person on Earth after some sort of apocalypse destroyed the human race. But soon he meets the beautiful Sarah , and falls in love with her. She doesn't feel too much for Alan, who is not physically attractive to her, but is very afraid he shouldn't leave her alone. Then they meet Raphael , a much better looking and more charismatic man, who soon starts a relationship with Sarah. Alan plots to expel Raphael, and succeeds. When he comes back, it is revealed that Sarah send out balloons with notes for him to come back, and they in turn expel Alan."] ["The film focuses on six women in Los Angeles as their lives become intertwined in the course of 24 hours. Porn star Elektra Luxx  discovers she is pregnant. Leaving her doctor's office, she gets stuck in an elevator with Doris , sister to Addy . Addy has recently started taking her daughter, Charlotte, to see her therapist, Maxine  . Upon finding out about her husband's secret during a therapy session with Charlotte, Maxine rushes out and gets into her car. While backing out, she hits Holly Rocket , adult film star. Holly and Bambi  were running to safety after a session with one of Bambi's clients is interrupted. Meanwhile, flight attendant Cora  finds herself the object of rock star Nick Chapel's  affection on a flight to his band's upcoming show."] ['{{Anchor}} Nick Brady and Shawn Colfax  are two popular football players at the fictional Gerald R. Ford High School who manage to get out of football camp and con their way into the cheerleading squad after overhearing a conversation about the camp\'s abundant female population of 300 cheerleaders. Their objective is to infiltrate the cheerleading camp in order to meet girls. While at cheer camp, Nick and Shawn realize that they actually enjoy cheering and they start to care about their squad as well as the cheer competition. Shawn develops feelings for the head cheerleader, Carly Davidson  and Nick chases after Diora , their camp coach\'s wife. Carly and the rest of the squad find out about the boys\' true motives for attending cheer camp. Carly\'s boyfriend, Dr. Rick ([[David Walton , also reveals that Nick and Shawn initially planned to leave cheer camp before the cheer competition. Nick and Shawn leave camp after being ejected from the squad. While attending a party at their friend\'s house, Nick and Shawn finds out that they are genuinely fond of cheer camp and want their squad to succeed. Nick and Shawn decide to return to cheer camp and help the squad in the cheer competition. While Nick and Shawn are doing their routine, Carly notices Rick is cheating on her with their rivals\' head cheerleader. Shawn and Carly later focus all of their attention to the routine. The squad\'s routine results in their best finish yet, despite a botched attempt to execute the "Fountain of Troy" maneuver. When the squad go for executing the forbidden maneuver, Shawn accidentally goes for a triple backflip instead of a double like Carly and backflips into the water in front of them. The crowd gasps at the impact and the squad rushes to help, but Shawn manages to emerge and yells "Tigers!" before losing consciousness. Although the squad did not win the contest, they place ten spots better than they did last year. The film ends when Nick and Shawn ends up with their girls with Shawn and Carly sharing their kiss.'] ['Molly de Mora  invites her divorced parents  to her wedding reception, where they see each other for the first time in 14 years. A shouting match between the two ensues. Following this, their spark is rekindled during the wedding reception. Over the next few days they fall in love again and run off together, thereby upsetting the newlyweds\' honeymoon and their respective  spouses. If the scandal was made public it would be more controversial than usual, since the bride\'s husband hopes to stand for election to Congress. After searching for her parents and getting to know Joey Donna , her mother\'s number one paparazzi nicknamed "The Cockroach", whom she hires to help her find them, Molly decides that her parents deserve a chance to be together and gives them her honeymoon to Hawaii. When Keith objects to her decision, it is revealed that he slept with her stepmother. Knowing now that her marriage was a mistake, Molly runs off with Joey as her parents run off to Hawaii.'] ["NATO Officer Andrea Rossi-Colombotti  is a ladies man with an unusual libido: he can only seduce women in situations where his life is in danger. The film begins with him breaking into a Corsican girlfriends house; the girl, armed and voluptuous, believes Andrea a criminal and nearly shoots him before being seduced, but she later ends their relationship in the light of such an incident. Later, while spending an afternoon with an Asian air stewardess, he tries to achieve arousal by making up a situation about a dying relative, but the stewardess learns the sham and the liaison ends disastrously. Having had enough of his condition and the continuing problems it brings him, Andrea goes to a psychiatrist and pours out everything. He developed his problem in adulthood, but all his life he has flirted with woman and suffered from the consequences. The psychiatrist, while slightly unhinged due to long association with the deranged, sensibly recommends that Andrea try to seek out spiritual qualities in women rather than their physical attributes, and to attempt to connect with them emotionally. Andrea heads off to Switzerland, where he meets an Alpine girl. Following the doctors advice, he doesn't seduce her but charms her and takes her out on romantic dates. Things go well between them and Andrea, attracted by the girls sweetness, proposes marriage. Unfortunately, the night before their wedding, the couple visit a circus, where a beautiful lion tamer challenges anyone to kiss her in the middle of a group of lions. Andrea can't refuse such an offer, and gives the lion tamer the kiss of her life, bringing an effective close to his Swiss romance. Andrea next entangles with an American woman, the wife of a major who happens to be his superior. This potentially dangerous and passionate affair is blown quickly, and Andrea gets posted to Sicily, where he encounters a Sicilian girl from a fierce-tempered honorable family. The girls family accuses her of not being pure, and Andrea poses as a doctor in order to check on her, but in fact takes advantage of the dangerous opportunity to seduce her. The family catches him in the act and chase after him, and with much difficulty he escapes. Andrea now takes the only alternative he knows: he returns to his Italian hometown and to Gigliola, his first ever sweetheart, who still resides there. He had left Gigliola when he joined the army, and as a result she was heartbroken and lovelorn; however, she still loves him, and he hopes that her love will aid him in overcoming his problem. When she hears about Andreas condition and his attempts to cure it, she pledges to give herself to him if it will make him stop with other women. Andrea, however, cannot bear to seduce a woman he truly loves and instead spends the night with a pedicure who is reputed to bring ill fortune to her men. Andrea's next woman is a countess, whose husband is much older than she is and moreover suffers from deafness. She lures him into a plot to murder her husband: they will seat him under a heavy and delicately balanced stone ball atop a wall. At the slightest shock, the ball will fall on top of him. Aroused by such a dangerous venture, he consents . The count's deafness, however, is a sham, and having heard the plan, he tries to turn it upon Andrea: he adjusts the ball to become even more unsteady, and convinces Andrea to take his seat. But the seat itself breaks under Andrea's weight and while the count sets up a new one, Andrea accidentally slams a door and causes the ball to fall on the count. Andrea is put on trial for his supposed crime, which attracts wide publicity and interest. Practically every woman he has encountered in the course of the film turns up at the court to speak about Andrea; however, Gigliola is the only woman who believes in his innocence and attempts to defend him. The psychiatrist Andrea consulted is called upon, but while giving testimony he completely loses his mind. All Andrea himself can offer the court is an apology from the heart for his condition and the trouble its caused for all concerned. But at the eleventh hour, an autopsy reveals that the count had sound hearing, and since the count, if he could hear, should have taken better care, the crime is considered an accident and Andrea is acquitted. The film ends with Andrea and Gigliola happily married and settled down in a high-rise apartment in Milan. However, Andrea is still living with his condition, and to Gigliola's shock he attempts to break into their eighth-floor bedroom..."] ['Nick Twisp , a shy, socially inept teenager, lives with his mom, Estelle , and her boyfriend, Jerry , in Oakland, California. When Jerry owes money to a group of sailors, he takes Estelle and Nick to a trailer park in Clearlake. Nick meets Sheeni Saunders  and despite Sheeni\'s boyfriend, Trent Preston , they become romantically involved. Nick purchases a dog for Sheeni named Albert , but the dog rips up the family bible and Sheeni\'s parents  ban it from the house. Jerry needs to return to Oakland and takes Estelle and Nick with him. Sheeni promises to arrange a job in Ukiah for Nick\'s father, George, while Nick will get his mother to kick him out so he can return to Sheeni. Back at home, Nick creates an alter-ego named François Dillinger, a suave, rebellious troublemaker. Immediately after Nick makes the decision, Jerry dies of a heart attack. Under François\' influence, Nick mouths off to his mom and her new boyfriend, police officer Lance Wescott . Nick takes Jerry\'s Lincoln, crashes into a restaurant, which starts a fire. Lance agrees to lie and report the car stolen. In return, Nick must live with his father . In Ukiah, Nick phones Sheeni and tells her he had to blow up "half of Berkeley" to return. Sheeni\'s parents overhear and send her to a French boarding school in Santa Cruz, forbidding Nick ever to see her again. In his new high school, Nick befriends Vijay Joshi , and they take Vijay\'s grandmother\'s car to visit Sheeni. After being allowed into Sheeni\'s room, Nick goes to the restroom and meets Bernice Lynch , Sheeni\'s neighbor. Nick claims Trent said terrible things about her. Bernice brings the matron to Sheeni\'s room and the boys flee. On the way home, the car dies and Nick calls Mr. Ferguson , his dad\'s idealist neighbor, to come pick them up; he tells Ferguson that Vijay is an illegal immigrant whom Nick is trying to "free from persecution". When he returns home, Nick meets Sheeni\'s older brother, Paul , who tells him that she will be returning home on Thanksgiving and invites him for dinner. Nick begins to send Bernice letters asking her to slip sedatives into Sheeni\'s drinks to make her fall asleep in class, thereby getting Sheeni expelled. Nick finds Lacey , George\'s 25-year-old girlfriend, Paul, and Ferguson, lounging in the living room of his house, high on mushrooms, which Nick also ingests. George finds them and punches Ferguson, which results in Paul punching George. Lacey leaves the house to live with Paul. On Thanksgiving Day, Nick receives a call from his mother explaining Lance left and will not cover for Nick anymore. Nick goes to Thanksgiving at Sheeni\'s. Trent unexpectedly arrives and explains Nick\'s letters to Bernice; Sheeni is horrified and Nick leaves. Nick steals his father\'s car to escape the police. He then removes his clothes and drives the car into a shallow lake in front of the police station. He buys a wig and a dress and impersonates one of Sheeni\'s "friends". He fools Mr. and Mrs. Saunders and goes up to Sheeni\'s room. He tells Sheeni he is aware of what her life in Ukiah is like as he has been alone his whole life, and he did everything so the two wouldn\'t have to be alone anymore. They make love, finally achieving Nick\'s dream of losing his virginity. Trent barges in, telling Nick he\'s brought the police with him. Nick beats Trent up and asks Sheeni to wait for him; Sheeni reassures him that he will only be in juvenile detention for three months. The animated closing credits show Nick in jail with François helping him. When Nick is released, Sheeni shows up in a car and they drive away into the sky towards the Paris skyline, as various characters appear to make amends with the two and give them their blessing.'] ["Barney is a student/science lab nerd who obtains telekinetic powers after a lab accident. Along with his best friend Peyton Nichols , a wealthy playboy with a dirty mind, Barney uses his new powers to take revenge upon bullies, cheat at sports, and expose attractive female flesh, particularly the beautiful but snobby Jane . After typical hijinks, including an episode at the prom strangely similar to the ending of Stephen King's Carrie, Barney comes to realize that the best girl for him is actually Bernadette ."] ['Chris Hughes , an adopted and geeky Ohio high school senior discovers that his recently deceased birth parents are the proprietors of a vast pornography empire and he is the inherited heir. Dropped into a bitter power struggle, his new flock of beautiful co-workers come to his aid.'] ['Seth  and Evan  are two high school seniors who lament their virginity and poor social standing. Best friends since childhood, the two are about to go off to different colleges, as Seth did not get accepted into Dartmouth. After Seth is paired with Jules  during Home-Ec class, she invites him to a party at her house later that night. Later, Fogell  comes up to the two and reveals his plans to obtain a fake ID during lunch. Seth uses this to his advantage and promises to bring alcohol to Jules\' party. Fogell\'s fake ID is met with disgust by Seth and Evan, as it states that Fogell\'s name is simply "McLovin". After contemplating the options, Seth decides they have no choice but to have Fogell buy the alcohol with his fake ID. Fogell goes in and successfully buys the alcohol, but is interrupted when a robber enters the store, punches him in the face, and takes money from the cash register. When police officers Slater  and Michaels  arrive to investigate the robbery, Seth and Evan  believe that Fogell has been busted for the fake ID. Inside the store, Slater and Michaels are apparently fooled by Fogell\'s ID and give him a ride to the party. While arguing over what to do, Seth is hit by a car being driven by Francis , who promises to take them to a party he is attending in exchange for them not telling the police. During Fogell\'s time with the police, they exhibit very irresponsible behavior such as drinking, shooting their firearms at a stop sign, and improper use of their sirens to run red lights. All the while, the three develop a strong friendship. When Seth and Evan arrive at the party, they quickly discover that Francis is not welcome there. Francis is brutally beaten by Mark , the party host, while Seth fills detergent bottles from the basement with alcohol he finds in the fridge. After running away from the party, which soon devolves into a fistfight, Evan angrily asserts that Seth has been holding him back from all these years and preventing him from becoming socially active. In the midst of this argument, Seth is hit by the police cruiser when Michaels distracts Slater while he is driving. Afraid of losing their jobs, the cops decide to frame the accident on Seth and Evan and begin to arrest them. While being arrested, Seth and Evan see Fogell coming out of the car and decide to run for it, Fogell and the alcohol in tow. Arriving at the party, Seth successfully delivers the alcohol while Evan meets up with his crush Becca . Becca is already drunk and initiates sex with Evan, but ultimately ends up throwing up on Jules\' bed before anything can happen. Fogell impresses Nicola ([[Aviva  with his fake ID and goes upstairs to have sex with her. Seth tries to get with Jules, but learns that she does not want to do anything with him while he is drunk. In the midst of the conversation, Seth passes out, headbutting Jules in the eye. Slater and Michaels arrive to break up the party, prompting Seth to carry Evan out of the party to save him. Slater goes upstairs to find Fogell having sex with Nicola, scaring away the latter. The two officers sit down with Fogell and reveal that they knew his ID was fake and merely wanted to show him that cops can have a good time. As repayment, the officers pretend to arrest Fogell to boost his popularity. Removing the last piece of evidence of their wildly irresponsible night, the three torch the police cruiser with molotov cocktails while Fogell signs an affidavit saying that the car was stolen by a drug addict. Seth and Evan go to Evan\'s house, where the two reconcile and declare their brotherly love for one another. Going to the mall the next day, they meet Jules and Becca, who are shopping for cover-up and new comforters respectively. After an awkward exchange, Seth goes to help Jules while Evan helps Becca and the two best friends part ways.'] ['The story takes place in Manhattan during the height of the AIDS epidemic and revolves around the title character ([[Steven Weber , a gay man who has sworn off sex because of it. Almost immediately thereafter he meets Steve , a hunky, charming HIV+ man. He then experiences an emotional conflict as he must face his fear in order to accept love, often breaking the fourth wall to do so.'] ["In the midst of central London, a successful Indian restaurant called 'Gaylord' is run by a Londoner of Indian origin called Pinu  . A simple soul at heart, Pinu has many complexes - a special one being that he is a virgin and has experienced no intimacy with a woman. To top that, his biggest fear is to be laughed at by people... an ever-repeating phenomenon with him. Pinu is quite an introvert and has no real friends...the closest he has ever gotten to a friendship is with his foster brother Rajat , who is quite a contrast to his own personality. A casual air about him, he is the lead singer of a rock band. Rajat is very fond of Pinu, though is often a source of annoyance to him as he finds Pinu really funny. One day, a young Indian fellow called Kamlesh comes to his restaurant and asks for a job as a stand-up comedian. Quite thrown off, Pinu initially refuses but finally lets him join as a cook, who also does a stand-up act in the evenings. On the same day, he hires a new cashier - Renu , a young art student from India, who has a passion for caricatures. Life changes dramatically for Pinu as Gaylord begins to transform... Renu works on the look of the place makes cheerful caricatures for customers while Kamles is a fabulous cook with a great talent for making people laugh in his acts and soon the restaurant is more happening and the business is much better. But the greatest difference they bring to his life is friendship. There is a visible difference in pinu's personality now as he lets himself hang out a bit with them. One fine day, Pinu is thrown in to a daze as he walks away from the restaurant ...he has discovered a totally new fear that he might be gay On a mission now, Pinu goes on a rampage seeking available women for a sexual rendezvous. However, it leads to him suffering another string of tragicomic situations, ending up feeling humiliated."] ['A Greek chorus narrates and comments -- and Oedipus, Jocasta, Tiresias, and Cassandra sometimes directly intervene -- in this modern fable. Sportswriter Lenny Weinrib  is married to career-driven wife Amanda . She wants a baby and, because she cannot afford to get pregnant due to her job, she says they will adopt. Lenny is opposed to this, but as always Amanda has her way. They adopt a baby boy, whom they name Max. As the child grows up, it becomes clear he is highly intelligent. Lenny becomes obsessed with learning the identity of Max\'s biological parents. After great difficulty, Lenny finally locates Max\'s mother: prostitute and part-time porn star Linda Ash . Lenny makes an "appointment" with her. At first, Linda appears to be a dumb blonde with a crude sense of humor, along with delusions of becoming an actress. Lenny does not sleep with her and urges her to stop being a prostitute. Linda becomes furious and throws him out. It takes a while for Lenny to befriend Linda, but then he begins her lifestyle makeover. Lenny also tricks her into telling him about the child she gave up for adoption. He persuades Linda to quit her profession and even bribes her violent pimp with basketball tickets to let Linda go. Lenny then sets Linda up with a boxer-turned-onion farmer Kevin . It appears to be a perfect match, until Kevin discovers Linda\'s background and leaves her. Meanwhile, Amanda has been having an affair with her colleague Jerry . Lenny finds out about it. Lenny and Linda console one another and sleep together. Lenny then reconciles with a guilt-ridden Amanda, realizing they are still in love. Linda makes one last attempt to win back farm boy Kevin. But as she drives back to the city, a helicopter drops out of the sky. Linda gives the pilot Don a lift and, before you know it, they end up getting married. The twist is that Linda is pregnant with Lenny\'s child. A year later, Lenny and Linda, with their individual children, meet in a toy store. They have each other\'s child, but they don\'t know it.'] ["Palin plays Francis Ashby, a senior Oxford professor on holiday in the Swiss Alps in 1861. There he meets the American Caroline Hartley  and her 18-year old ward Elinor . Ashby is drawn to them both, particularly Elinor, but is rather surprised when they arrive in Oxford and rent a house. Women are not allowed in the College, nor are Fellows allowed to marry, which puts him in an embarrassing situation. Ashby's rival for the post of College President, Oliver Syme , takes full advantage of this to try to discredit Ashby."] ['Amy is a single 29 year old Jewish woman. She wrote a successful self-help book about how women can\'t truly be in love and experience "mental orgasm". Her parents and acquaintances always try to give her advice. Eventually, she breaks her celibacy and starts dating radio shock jock Matthew Starr, who is known for hitting on his bimbo guests. Of all men, will she find in him the true love she never believed in?'] ['Narcissistic gigolo Nikki  lives in Los Angeles, drifting from one relationship to another without a steady job or even a place to live. He preys on women who can provide for him. After meeting Samantha  at a club he moves in with her, using his looks and sexual prowess to keep her happy. Before long, however, Nikki starts cheating on Sam, first with his friend Emily , then with Christina , whom he met at another party. Emily disapproves of Nikki\'s free-wheeling lifestyle and has expressed a desire for a relationship, but Nikki has no real interest in her except for sex. Samantha catches Nikki with Christina, but they come to an uneasy arrangement where she will ignore his infidelity. While Sam is out of town, Nikki meets a waitress named Heather . He enlists his friend Harry  to help him get Heather interested, but she doesn\'t fall for his charms. Although he eventually gets a date with her, she abandons him afterwards. Soon after, Heather unexpectedly shows up in Nikki\'s pool and they end up having sex. However, the next morning Nikki is moving Heather\'s car and realizes it doesn\'t belong to her but to her "boyfriend," after she told him she was single; Nikki throws her out in anger. However, he can\'t stop thinking about her, and his obsession frustrates Samantha to the point that she gets fed up and throws him out. Nikki searches for a place to stay, but he has fallen out with Harry and cannot get into the parties he once did. He runs into Heather at a swanky hotel, and she admits that she was only interested in him for his house, believing him to be rich. It transpires that she is the same as Nikki, scamming rich men for money in the same way he does with women. She lets him move in with her and her stoner room-mate Eva  and they begin dating, though Heather continues to scam and hustle, with some reluctant assistance from Nikki. One day, an upset Heather reveals to Nikki that she just broke up with her fiancé because she\'s in love with him . She further tells him her fiancé\'s family owns the New York Rangers and that he\'s the one who\'s been paying her bills and living expenses. Nikki, who has also fallen in love with Heather, is nonetheless angry that she kept her engagement from him, and leaves the house in a huff. When he returns he only finds a note that says she has left for New York City. At Eva\'s urging and with Harry paying for the airfare, Nikki follows her. He finds her at a plush penthouse and begs her to come back to LA with him. She refuses, telling him she can\'t afford to let him chase his fantasies around while she runs down the funds they would need to live. He then proposes to her, but she tells him that she is already married, breaking his heart. Her husband  returns home and Heather passes Nikki off as a grocery boy. Nikki returns to LA, getting an honest job delivering groceries and living with Harry. He delivers groceries to Samantha\'s house, where they\'re picked up by the kept man who has replaced Nikki. The ending credits show Nikki feeding a mouse to Harry\'s African Bullfrog.'] ['Booty Call is about a tender-hearted, upwardly-mobile African American named Rushon  who has been dating his girlfriend Nikki  for seven weeks. They really like each other, but their relationship has not yet been consummated; Nikki is not so sure if their relationship is ready for the next stage. Rushon asks Nikki out to dinner, but Nikki wants it to be a double date. She brings her opinionated friend Lysterine , and Rushon comes with his "bad boy" buddy Bunz . Lysti and Bunz hit it off very quickly, and to Rushon\'s surprise, Nikki decides it is time for their relationship to move to the next level. However, they have one small problem: this is the 90s, and everyone wants to practice "safe sex." Therefore, Rushon and Bunz must go on wild adventures trying to find "protection" before the evening\'s mood evaporates.'] ["Elvira , an attractive but insecure twenty something, joins her sisters Jimena  and Sol  at their mother's house. As they prepare to celebrate their mother Sofía's birthday, their mother —a divorced concert pianist—announces that she's fallen in love, but is interrupted by the doorbell as she describes her new partner. While she goes to get the door, the three sisters gleefully speculate about her new boyfriend. Their joy suddenly gives way to shock though when their mother returns with Eliska , and they realize that their mother is a lesbian. The girls handle the shock in different ways. Elvira confides in her shrink Mazo while Sol composes a song about her mother and her lesbian relationship for her band. While Jimena herself doesn't act out in the same way, her husband is concerned about how his mother-in-law's sexuality affects his image at work. When the girls find out that their mother has given the much younger Eliska a significant amount of money, they become suspicious of Eliska and plot to find a way to get their mother to break up with her."] 