['The film is a collision of three separate stories—the journey of a Ju/\'hoansi Bushman to the end of the earth to get rid of a Coca-Cola bottle, the romance between a bumbling scientist and a schoolteacher, and a band of guerrillas on the run. Xi and his tribe of San/Bushmen relatives are living well off the land in the Kalahari Desert. They are happy because the gods have provided plenty of everything, and no one in the tribe has unfulfilled wants. One day, a glass Coca-Cola bottle is thrown out of an aeroplane and falls to earth unbroken. Initially, this strange artifact seems to be another boon from the gods—-Xi\'s people find many uses for it. But unlike anything that they have had before, there is only one bottle to go around. This exposes the tribe to a hitherto unknown phenomenon, property, and they soon find themselves experiencing things they never had before: jealousy, envy, anger, hatred, even violence. Since it has caused the tribe unhappiness on two occasions, Xi decides that the bottle is an evil thing and must be thrown off of the edge of the world. He sets out alone on his quest and encounters Western civilization for the first time. The film presents an interpretation of civilization as viewed through Xi\'s perceptions. There are also plot lines about shy biologist Andrew Steyn who is studying the local animals ; the newly hired village school teacher, a former newspaper reporter named Kate Thompson; and some guerrillas led by Sam Boga, who are being pursued by government troops after an unsuccessful attempt to massacre the Cabinet of "Barani" and the president. Also taking a share of the limelight is Steyn\'s Land Rover, dubbed the Antichrist  by his assistant and mechanic, M\'pudi  . Also part of the chaos is an impudent safari tour guide named Jack Hind, who has designs on Thompson and often steals Steyn\'s thunder. Xi happens upon a farm and, being hungry as well as oblivious to the concept of ownership, shoots a goat with a tranquilizer arrow. For this he is arrested and jailed for stealing livestock. M\'pudi, who lived with the Bushmen for a long time and speaks Xi\'s language, realizes that Xi will die in the alien environment of a prison cell, and he and Steyn manage to hire Xi as a tracker for the 11 remaining weeks of his prison sentence. Meanwhile, the guerrillas invade the school where Kate teaches and use her and her pupils as human shields for their escape by foot to the neighboring country and threaten to kill the children if they see one soldier. Steyn, M\'pudi and Xi, who are unwittingly observing the local wildlife within the terrorists\' chosen path, manage to immobilize the guerrillas as they are passing by and save Kate and the children. Steyn allows Xi to leave to continue his quest to the edge of the world, and subsequently he and Kate become romantically involved. Xi eventually finds himself at the top of a cliff with a solid layer of low-lying clouds obscuring the landscape below. This convinces Xi that he has reached the edge of the world, and he throws the bottle off the cliff (this scene was filmed at God\'s Window in Eastern Transvaal, South Africa . Xi then returns to his band and a warm welcome from his family.'] ["Matko Destanov, a small-time Roma smuggler and profiteer, is living with his teenage son Zare in a ramshackle house by the Danube River in eastern Serbia near the Bulgarian border. He has plans to acquire a whole train of smuggled fuel, which he finds at cut-price. To obtain a loan that would subsidize the heist, he visits Grga Pitić, a wheelchair-using old gangster, who's an old friend of Zarije Destanov, Matko's father and Zare's grandfather. Matko then plots the details of the job with an ally named Dadan, a rich, fun-living, drug-snorting gangster who has a harem, juggles grenades, and cheats at gambling. However, Dadan double-crosses him and glitches up the deal by giving Matko a drink that is drugged, and carrying out the job while Matko is unconscious, which means that Matko owes Dadan a great deal of cash. Matko cannot afford to pay, so Dadan makes a deal whereby he would forgive the debt, thereby wiping the slate clean, if Zare and Afrodita, Dadan's midget sister whom he desperately wants to marry off, get married. However, Zare is in love with Ida, a barmaid who works in an establishment run by her Roma grandmother Sujka, and Afrodita is waiting for the man of her dreams. Dadan coerces Afrodita into marrying by dunking her in a well, while Zare first learns of the scheme to marry him off from Ida, who has overheard Dadan and Matko plotting it in the restaurant where she works. Meanwhile, Zare retrieves Zarije from the hospital where he is being kept, with the aid of a gypsy band. Grga Pitić is having problems of his own, as he wants his grandsons, including six-foot plus giant Grga Veliki, to get married. The two reluctantly endure the wedding ceremony held at Matko's house, which Dadan refuses to postpone after the sudden apparent death of Zarije. They were not supposed to have a wedding while in mourning, but Dadan decides to delay the death announcement, so Matko and Zare hide Zarije's body in the attic, packed in ice. Zare is dismayed, since he wants to leave the place, and had hoped that the required mourning period for his beloved grandfather would give him the opportunity to get away, and thus avoid being married off against his will. Ida and Sujka provide the catering for the wedding, and Ida is upset at seeing her beloved married off to someone else. By contrast, Dadan is really enjoying himself, whether dancing to gypsy band music, bouncing on the bed with his harem, and juggling grenades. However, the bride runs away mid-ceremony, pursued by Dadan, Matko and Dadan's criminal cronies. Meanwhile, Grga Veliki is driving his father and brother to Matko's house so that they may visit Zarije's grave . The fleeing bride then stumbles across Grga Veliki, and he stops the truck when he sees her crossing the road; he is willing to protect her from her villainous brother, and the couple fall instantly in love. Grga Pitić arrives on the scene, after his wheelchair had fallen out the back of the truck and rolled downhill, and he is delighted that Grga Veliki has found his mate. The old gangster forces Dadan, who had once worked for him, to accept the match. The groom meanwhile conspires with Sujka and Ida to bring Dadan down a peg, and rigs the outhouse so that the seat will come apart. While the preparations for the wedding ceremony of Afrodita and Grga Veliki are being conducted, Matko and Dadan pass the time by playing dice, with Dadan cheating. Sujka comes in during the game, and serves the unsuspecting Dadan a drink spiked with something that would give him diarrhea. Furthermore, Grga Pitić apparently dies, and Dadan and Matko hide his body in the attic, where Zarije's body is also hidden. However, the two corpses soon both come back to life; they were not dead after all. They are surprised to find themselves together, as they had not seen each other for 25 years and each had thought the other was dead. During the ceremony, Dadan starts to feel uncomfortable and rushes into the outhouse ... and falls into the manure. His harem and cronies desert him, and as he tries to clean himself off on a goose, only Matko remains loyal, and he provides Dadan with a shower from the garden hose. Zare meanwhile grabs the wedding official at gunpoint and orders him to solemnize his marriage with his sweetheart, Ida, and the two sail off together on a riverboat set for Bulgaria with a fistful of cash stashed in his grandfather's accordion, the blessing of their respective grandparents and, as witnesses, a black cat and a white cat."] ['Charlie Tuttle  is a partner in a successful law firm, Whitfield and Morris. His boss &mdash; and future father-in-law &mdash; sends him to Paradise Bluff, Nevada, to request a continuance in a mail-fraud case involving a distant relative who is believed to be guilty, and is very likely to be adjudged guilty. But the timing of the trip conflicts with Charlie\'s bachelor party. After Charlie drives from California to Paradise Bluff, he is unexpectedly greeted by his best man, actor Richard Rjetti,  who is determined to show his friend a great time prior to his wedding. During the celebration, Charlie is knocked out in a barfight, and is later prescribed painkillers for the resulting pain. The next day &mdash; the day of the court appearance &mdash; Richard checks on his friend and finds Charlie has taken all of the pills in the bottle. Charlie winds up in no shape to appear in court that day, as legal counsel for con-artist Benny Gibbs , so Richard impersonates Charlie. When the case unexpectedly goes to trial, Richard and Charlie must continue the charade, or they both will go to prison for perpetrating and conspiring to perpetrate a fraud upon the court. Charlie coaches Richard as to the use of the rules of evidence, masquerading as Richard\'s "assistant", surreptitiously using flash cards to tell Richard which basis for objection to use. Charlie eventually loses it and screams at the judge,  trying to overrule Charlie, when Richard disobeys Charlie and takes the "defense" in a broader direction, and Charlie is banned from reentering the courthouse. Later, Richard and Charlie devise a communication system involving a baby monitor and morse-code sounding of Charlie\'s vehicle\'s horn, heard through an open window, to instruct Richard as to which type of objection to use. Meanwhile, Charlie meets and falls in love with an attractive waitress  who causes Charlie to rethink his impending wedding to his shrill, self-absorbed fiancée . Richard becomes involved with the prosecutor,  against whom he ultimately finds due process for "his" client.'] ['The Stooges are choreographers at B. O. Pictures who are assigned to teach island natives how to dance. The studio\'s president, Mr. Baines  has purchased the island of Rarabonga for his next musical extravaganza, but learns that the locals have never heard of dancing. When the Stooges arrive at Rarabonga, they soon learn that the natives are head hunters under the control of powerful Witch Doctor Varanu ([[Kenneth MacDonald . Shemp makes it clear he does not want the "hair cuts down to my neck!" and the Stooges try to flee with the help of the Tribe King\'s daughter Luana . She wants them to rescue her boyfriend from the witch doctor, who plans to behead him in the morning—along with the Stooges. In one of the huts, the Three Stooges try to get their hands on a box of surplus World War II hand grenades guarded by a living Kali type four-armed totem idol . After getting the daylights beat out of them by the fierce idol, the boys grab the box of grenades, and fool the Witch Doctor into proving his expertise with his sword by slicing the box of grenads with his huge sword, and the grenades promptly explode, blowing him out of the atmosphere. With Witch Doctor Varanu gone, the Stooges commence with their choreography lessons and teach the natives to dance.'] ['Inspector Clouseau  is called to the country home of a Paris plutocrat, Benjamin Ballon , to investigate the murder of his Spanish chauffeur, Miguel. The chauffeur was having an affair with the maid, Maria Gambrelli , who claims that he often beat her. Although all the evidence points to Gambrelli as the killer, Clouseau stubbornly refuses to admit that she is guilty, having fallen madly in love with her. For the real culprits to keep the truth hidden from Clouseau\'s boss, Commissioner Charles Dreyfus , they must commit more murders. With the murders of Georges ([[David Lodge  the gardener, Dudu  the maid, and Henri LaFarge  the head butler, Maria is arrested, and each time Clouseau sets her free. Clouseau is always at the wrong place at the right time and manages to get himself arrested by uniformed police four times in quick succession . As Clouseau continues to bungle the case, Commissioner Dreyfus becomes increasingly agitated, resulting in his accidentally cutting off his thumb and stabbing himself with a letter-opener. An anonymous figure begins stalking Clouseau, trying to kill him, but accidentally kills a doorman instead, as well as two café customers and a Cossack dancer. Clouseau gathers all the suspects together, and it comes out that Ballon, his wife Dominique, Madame LaFarge, Pierre the driver, and Simone the maid are guilty of murder: each of them having killed one of the earlier murder victims, with Maurice the manservant as a blackmailer, and Maria, who is innocent of any crime. The guilty attempt to escape in Clouseau\'s car, which is blown up, and the anonymous bomber is revealed to be Commissioner Dreyfus, who has been driven mad by Clouseau\'s blunders, and, in trying to kill him, has accidentally killed the actual murderers. The film ends when out of nowhere, Kato  pushes Clouseau and Maria into the fountain and Maria and Clouseau fight Kato as the title "The End" appears on the screen.'] ['{{plot}} Ernest  works as a janitor at Chickasaw Falls High School, which is facing closure due to the School Board\'s decision to merge other schools in the area. There is also a new rule: All employees are required to have graduated. Ernest never did. Ernest has two choices as a result: Redo grade twelve at the school with regular courses and potentially graduate, or lose his job. Ernest reluctantly decides to redo school and enters the student body, attending regular classes and performing usual student activities, but all not with a little catastrophe or predicament or distraction. Soon the principal tells him he\'s failing and that he may as well forget about the experiment. As Ernest is off sulking about it, two science teachers show up in his locker to reveal their biggest experiment to him - a potential brain accelerator. They make Ernest their "Joe Kraig" and see what happens. Right after it happens Joe starts eating food that Marie made. In fact, he makes sure everyone knows that food is good but its not as good as MAURIE\'S cooking. It\'s successful and Ernest becomes Joe Kraig. He is extremely proficient at virtually everything from mathematics to drama to music, to knowing the do\'s and don\'ts of police work, along with driving like a maniac. The only downside is that his personality turns to knowing absolutely everything and superior, alienating him from his friends. He impresses his teachers and it seems he\'s well on the way to graduating with top marks. He also tells Willie how to fix cars, and what to about putting a new engine in a car. While showing Willie how to put an engine in, he goes and buys a coke and then buys another coke and buys another coke after that because he always has to have a coke. While Ernest/Joe is doing well, Ms. Flugal, who is Ernest\'s love interest in the film, makes him band conductor and puts him in charge the young women and directing the marching band in preparation for the half-time show during the football game. Ernest/Joe diligently does so and instructs the whole band to watch him if anything wrong happens. This rule is very instrumental in the ending result. He also goes around and talks to people who are going through divorces and strongly urges them not to go through with it, despite his own divorce. In fact, one scene is of him going to Bruce\'s house and telling him to no get a divorce, that they should work it out. Before he leaves Bruce\'s house he gets a coke and starts drinking it and swishing it around in his mouth, and lets Candice\'s dad know he can\'t come to the wedding. He says \'A year from now they will be getting married, BUT YOU CAN"T COME!" He then gets in his car and see\'s how many people he can cut off and how far over the speed limit he can go. Eventually two bullies find out about Ernest\'s secret by watching him descend into his locker to recharge his intelligence. They in turn destroy the accelerator right before the night of the football game. The whole procession is ultimately ruined when Ernest realizes he can\'t recharge and has to direct the band with his usual mind and intelligence. He spends the whole disastrous affair with his head inserted in a tuba which resulted after he descended toward the band from the podium in his clumsiness. He in turn disappoints the band, the audience who had to run from the resulting fire, the principal, and most of all Ms. Flugal. Depressed, with the knowledge that he can\'t recharge his head any more, Ernest starts packing his things until he finds three of his friends mocking him. They force Ernest haplessly through days of study for the final exam, but Ernest proves hopeless. On the day of the big exam he\'s about to go in but before he does the scientists tell him excitedly that the Brain Accelerator has been repaired. Feeling for his friends who laboured with him all that time, he refuses and enters the exam. During final part of the movie the football game finals take place. During the game the board inspector, who personally wants the merger to happen, bribes the football coach into purposely losing the game against the rival team. With a board trustee in attendance, , making the school lose and inevitably close would make the merger possible. The coach accepts, resulting in the football team losing every play. Meanwhile, Ernest is still in charge in the marching band. Using his own ideas he comes up with small routines during the half-time show. On the other hand, other members of the band are informed of the fix on the game and sneak off. With the help of the two science teachers, they infiltrate the locker room with sleeping gas, effectively replacing the football team to win the game themselves. During the game between the rival team and the replacements, the two scientists reveal to Ernest their new brain accelerator. He immediately charges up and becomes the coach for the team. With his new intelligent strategies the tide turns and they start winning. However, in the last play of the game Ernest forgets to recharge and loses his intelligence while in play. He ends up rolling down field on a drum after the ball that was thrown and flies into the end zone, catching it. The team wins just as the football players arrive from the locker room in bewilderment and the board trustee is informed of the instructor\'s actions and intentions and the coach\'s involvement. In the end the school stays open  and both the coach and the inspector lose their jobs respectively. It\'s revealed that Ernest passed the exam and so graduates, keeping his job.'] ['Will Stockdale is a backward, backwoods rube from outside Callville, Georgia who may or may not be smarter than he looks. Accused by Mr. McKinney the head of the draft board of being a draft dodger, it turns out that Stockdale\'s draft notices have been hidden from him by his father, who doesn\'t want the boy to leave home and be ridiculed. His father tells Will to be careful going to big cities like Macon and Atlanta. Pa Stockdale says he has been to those cities many years before and he was ridiculed. Wrongfully shackled by McKinney, Stockdale joins a group of new United States Air Force draftees being transported to basic training. They include the obnoxious bully Irving S. Blanchard, who having undergone ROTC training, volunteers to be in charge.  They report to boot camp, where Stockdale and his equally dim, but smarter friend, Ben Whitledge, begin the struggle to join the infantry. Stockdale is incredibly strong and can drink any man under the table. He proceeds to make life miserable for the man in charge, Master Sergeant Orville C. King, who likes his barracks to be quiet and calm. King wears Air Crewmember Wings and states, "he is 45 years old, has eighteen years in the military service and sixteen years as a sergeant." In exasperation, the sergeant places the country bumpkin on full-time latrine duty. Stockdale believes his new position of "P.L.O."  to be a promotion. The happy-go-lucky Stockdale feels that King must be "the best dang sergeant in whole dang US Air Force." The totally unhappy Whitledge wants no part of it, lamenting that an "Airman" is "like something from a funny book." Ben wants to be assigned to the infantry instead. A letter from his mother states, "that Ben\'s six brothers have all served in the Infantry." Ben tells Will, "his grandfather was a Confederate Infantryman, under General Stonewall Jackson at the Battle of Chancellorsville." Ben Whitledge says, "In the War Between the States, it was the infantry that did the fighting," which is understandable, airplanes not having been invented yet. King tells Will the Captain desires to see the barracks and latrine spotless. A company inspection takes a surprising turn when Stockdale\'s immaculately clean latrine is what impresses King\'s company commander most. King gets into hot water, however, when Stockdale opens his big mouth and reveals that the sergeant kept him on bathroom duty on a permanent basis while also neglecting to have the recruit complete all the required military exams and paper work. The company commander orders King to have Stockdale through his training in one week, or else he will not only be demoted, but be made "Permanent Latrine Orderly" himself. Rushing him through testing, King bribes Stockdale by promising to give him his wristwatch, if he can pass. Stockdale flummoxes and frustrates the various officer and men, he takes a manual dexterity test conducted by Corporal John C. Brown , a psychiatric test by Maj. Royal B. Demming , and an eye exam, amazingly managing to get by after driving them all crazy. Stockdale gets the wristwatch as a reward. Ben comes to attention when a WAF Captain speaks, Will is speechless. Later, she is escorted into the Enlisted Men\'s Mess Hall by the Colonel. After being informed of military etiquette as to female officers by Ben, when Blanchard and King ask Will what he sees he says, "a Captain." Private Blanchard tells M/Sgt. King to get three passes to go to a local bar, "The Purple Grotto" where King and Blanchard try to get Stockdale drunk in order to make him look bad and King look good. He admits he has never drunk...store bought liquor. King and Blanchard are inebriated, but Will is still sober. Stockdale says the only alcohol he previously had was what his father made with corn, grain and kerosene. Blanchard buys Lighter Fluid from a cigarette girl. Mixing gin and bourbon with kerosene ... Will drinks it and says "it\'s familiar." Then a drunken Army infantryman walks by and a barroom brawl begins. Stockdale leaves behind a fighting Blanchard and King; as he walks past the Air Police, he tells them that upstairs is the bar. The colonel and captain later inspect the latrine and barracks. Will has mechanically rigged all the toilet seats to open simultaneously in a "salute". While Blanchard is arrested and detained by the Air Police, M/Sgt. King is found filthy in a torn uniform, later in the latrine, and is summarily reduced to private rank, while Whitledge was blamed for King\'s appearance and is also placed in disgraced status. As King goes back to his office dejected, he admits to Stockdale that he and Blanchard had been trying to trick Stockdale to get him out of the way so that King would not look bad, but their effort backfired. Will gives the watch back to King. King also admits he had grown to like Stockdale and became his reluctant and inadvertent mentor to success in the Air Force. Will, Ben and Pvt. King are sent to Gunnery School. Will is at the bottom of the class and Ben is next to the bottom. King graduates as the top man of the class. He is assigned to General Eugene Bush\'s staff and is given back his M/Sgt. rank. The story ends with Stockdale and Whitledge  flying to Denver in an obsolete B-25 medium bomber. Stockdale\'s assignment is tail gunner on the bomber. After putting the plane on Autopilot, the lazy pilots fall asleep, and the airplane soon becomes lost at night over what the navigator thinks is the Gulf of Mexico. They really are flying over the Atomic Bomb Test Site at Yucca Flats, Nevada, during an A-bomb test called "Operation Prometheus". The radio operator of the plane was left behind at the base, so Stockdale and Whitledge must radio to obtain their real position; however, the radio is inoperatable. Stockdale remembers that back home in Georgia, his father would spit into the radio and smack it to make it work. Stockdale repeats the method, and the radio works. Military radiomen on the ground, confused by Stockdale\'s folksy, clownish speech, have the commander of the test Maj. Gen. Vernon Pollard, U.S. Army Infantry frantically rouse Maj. Gen. Eugene Bush, U.S. Air Force from his sleep to confirm that Stockdale is not a prankster, and to give Stockdale emergency flying instructions. Bush reassures Stockdale that he is real and not a foreign agent as King tells Bush to remind Stockdale of the watch. Meanwhile, a fire breaks out in the aft of the plane. The Air Force and Army are put on full alert. Stockdale and Whitledge bail out of the plane just before it crashes, and are declared dead by the Staff Aide M/Sgt. King. During an Air Medal ceremony honoring them as fallen heroes, they reappear, and the Air Force has to cover up that the pair are alive to avoid an international public humiliation. Stockdale suggests both he and Ben  be transferred to become infantrymen. Will and Ben are taken at night to a secluded area. An agreement is reached by two former West Point classmates, General Pollard, USA and General Bush, USAF, who also heartily approve of Stockdale\'s last request—to have M/Sgt. King transferred with them to the infantry. General Pollard has to cut an Air Medal from his uniform. He sits as General Bush pins the Air Medal on Ben Whitledge. As a radio station signs off, to The Star-Spangled Banner, all the men snap to attention, including a reluctant General Pollard.'] ['Laurel and Hardy are in the fish business. They drive around town seeing if they can sell any. Stan suggests they catch their own fish and keep all the profits. Ollie likes the idea of cutting out the "middleman" so they buy a boat at a junk yard. After testing it for leaks by filling it with water and some setbacks such as dropping an anchor through the hull and sawing through the mast, they succeed in fixing it up. When the boat is finally ready, the whole operation goes south when they decide to hoist the sail.'] ['After the death of tycoon and philanthropist Oscar Winterhaven Oglethorpe, a ballet company is founded in his name by his widow, Lillian . The formation of the ballet company leads to ambulance-chasing attorney Roland T. Flakfizer  vying against Oglethorpe\'s former attorney Edmund Lazlo  to be director of the company. Lazlo is chosen to be director of the company after signing the greatest ballet dancer in the world, "The Great Volare"  to dance for the company. Flakfizer, however — with assistance from his two associates Rocco  and Jacques ([[Bob Nelson  — earns a spot as co-director by wooing the wealthy widow and by signing the company\'s leading ballerina  and her dancer boyfriend Alan Grant . The ensuing struggle between Flakfizer and Lazlo leads to comic hijinks, including a badger game involving a chorus girl , and an opening-night performance ludicrously sabotaged by Flakfizer and his cohorts.'] ["In not-so-merry-old-England during the 13th Century, the neurotic Prince John  sits on the throne, supported by his evil henchman, Sir Guy of Gisbourne  and constantly ridiculed by his mother, Eleanor of Aquitaine . While celebrating his birthday, the Prince becomes unhappy when he discovers his older brother, Richard, is not dead as everyone thought but rather being held for ransom in Austria. As Richard is the rightful King of England, this creates a problem for Prince John. However, Gisbourne openly suggests that they tax the Saxon peasants to raise the ransom, while secretly confiding in the Prince that the King will most likely die of pneumonia before the year is out and that they will keep the money. The birthday revels are interrupted by Robin Hood , disguised in drag and reciting an offensive poem. Not seeing through the disguise, Gisbourne demands she take them to Robin Hood's hideout in Sherwood Forest. That night, Eleanor convinces Maid Marian  to play up to Gisbourne's advances and use him to help Robin Hood. When Prince John and Guy travel to Sherwood, they are ambushed by Robin Hood's Merry Men. They are stripped of their garments, their possessions and money stolen, then driven out of the forest. Will Scarlet  frequently tries to make a song out of these events, but thankfully Robin stops him every time. Eleanor and Marian sneak into the bandits' camp at night, disguised as two nuns, and hoping to enlist Robin's help in freeing King Richard. They are caught by Robin, who recognises them immediately, and the trio eat together and discuss plans. Robin and Marian realise they love each other. Robin and his band begin travelling across the country to raise the ransom money but nothing goes right. They try robbing a bank only to find that they have won a prize as the hundredth customer and get distracted. When they finally rob the bank, they find it only has three coins and a pfennig. Times are hard for everyone, it seems. Eventually, Robin has to report back to Eleanor that England is broke. She advises him to get the money from Isaac of York , a Jewish moneylender. In York, Robin stands out like a sore thumb amongst all the orthodox Jews. Isaac agrees to lend Robin the ransom money provided that in return the King gives the Jews their own country. Isaac suggests Palestine, although Miami would be his second choice. They settle on naming the new country after Isaac's father, Israel. Robin sneaks into the Prince's castle to tell Eleanor, who now insists he must raise an army. Robin then tries to seduce Marian, promising her they'll be wed once King Richard returns, but with little success."] ['The film begins in a large garage structure, where Cpt. Proctor  and Commandant Mauser  meet up with former Police Academy cadets,  Chad Copeland ([[Scott Thomson  and Kyle Blankes . It seems one of the two Police Academy schools is getting the axe due to the state government\'s unwillingness to finance two academies, and Mauser wants Copeland and Blankes to make sure Lassard screws up. The men agree to the plan, knowing this may be their only chance at revenge. After the governor\'s speech in which he will appoint a committee to evaluate which of the two schools should remain open, Mauser starts getting an edge by kissing up to the governor , Commandant Lassard  gets an idea on how to win: along with now Sgt. Jones  and Lt. Callahan , he calls back Sgt. Mahoney , Sgt. Hightower , and Sgt. Tackleberry  to help train the new recruits. Among the new recruits are Sgt. Fackler\'s wife , Sweetchuck , Zed , Karen Adams , and Tackleberry\'s brother-in-law Bud Kirkland . Tomoko Nogata  is a recruit of Mauser\'s academy, but decides to put him in with Lassard\'s academy instead. After a few weeks of recruiting, Nogata is lovestruck over Callahan, and Sweetchuck contemplates quitting after his roommate Zed drives him crazy . Copeland and Blankes make the recruits do stuff that would make the committee think they were hopeless. Mauser wants them out on the field soon, knowing the committee will be there. The recruits fail, and are teased by Mauser and Proctor. However, Mahoney gets back at them by taping Mauser\'s eyes closed while doing a taste test. Proctor succeeds in removing the tape, but the tape pulls off Mauser\'s eyebrows. Both Lassard and Mahoney give a pep talk to each of the cadets before training resumes. At the policeperson\'s ball, Mahoney meets up with his hooker friend from the first film and has her do a favor on Proctor after the latter insults Mahoney and Adams. The hooker tricks Proctor into removing all his clothes and then locking him out of the hotel room . He goes out and steals a car and drives to the academy. The car is out of gas, however, and Proctor enters a building, which to his horror turns out to be the Blue Oyster Bar. Meanwhile, Mauser insults Lassard in front of the recruits by telling him that he is winning , so Mahoney gets him back by giving a speech at the ball and then putting the microphone in a pitcher of water. When Mauser grabs it, it electrocutes him. On the final day of the cadet training/evaluation competition, one person from each school attends the governor\'s ball.  Copeland and Blankes play with the computer system as cars are sent to wrong locations, but are caught by Hooks, who punches them out cold. At the governor\'s party, a gang of thieves dressed as busboys kidnap Hedges and take the governor hostage. The final choice of the most effective academy is proven when two of Mauser\'s cadets assigned to attend the party promptly faint upon being threatened by the thieves. Mauser and Proctor prove to be too overconfident and ineffective to react to the emergency, but Lassard\'s squad arrives in time to save the day and rescue the governor. As a result of the governor\'s final judgement, Lassard\'s school stays open, and the epilogue shows Lassard making a speech on how the academy is grateful for the "many, many" recruits. The graduating class salutes to the camera before the film ends.'] ["Roger Willoughby is a well-known fishing expert who works for Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Abigail Page is a brash and flighty public relations woman. Page is determined to secure Willoughby's participation in a prestigious fishing tournament, only to discover that Willoughby is a phony&mdash;he's never fished in his life. By threatening to reveal his secret, Abigail forces Roger to fake his way through the tournament. Willoughby proves himself to be supremely inept: he cannot fish, cannot set up a tent, cannot run or even board a motorboat. He cannot even swim, as he demonstrates by toppling or plunging straight to the lakebed each time he ventures to go fishing. In the vein of the screwball genre, the dialog is fast and overlapping, the humor broad and slapstick, multiple levels of deception abound, and a decidedly adversarial relationship constantly teeters on the edge of romance."] ["When Tommy Collins , an unemployed stripper living at his parents' home, finds out that his parents are going on a private getaway for a few months and taking the mobile home with them, he decides that he needs to find a place for him and his chihuahua Peanut to stay. By a stroke of luck he is called up for jury duty and he must be sequestered for the duration of the trial. Collins prolongs the trial with meaningless debate in an effort to stay in the lap of luxury. In the process he irritates his fellow jurors and inadvertently makes a break in the case. The movie features a host of courtroom antics performed by Shore and his cohorts. This movie was based on the teleplay, Twelve Angry Men, which itself was adapted into film in 1957 starring Henry Fonda."] ["J. Effingham Bellwether  is a guest in a hotel, where he meets the House Detective's Wife  who likes to flirt with other men. After brief encounters with a little girl  and the House Detective , Bellwether offers to teach the Detective's Wife how to play golf. The two of them and their Caddy  go out to the golf course, but Bellwether never gets to hit the ball; his lessons are being constantly interrupted by such distractions as the Caddy's squeaking shoes, pieces of paper being blown by the wind into his path, accidentally stepping into a pie that the Caddy had brought, et cetera. At the end, the police and the House Detective come out to the course to arrest con artist Bellwether for a list of absurd crimes ; the police put handcuffs on him just as he's showing the Detective's Wife the importance of keeping the wrists close together while gripping the club."] ['As a child, Princess Dala receives a gift from her father, the Shah of Lugash: the Pink Panther, the largest diamond in the world. This huge pink gem has an unusual flaw: looking deeply into the stone, one perceives a tiny discoloration resembling a leaping panther.  When Dala is a young woman, rebels seize power in Lugash and then demand possession of the jewel, but the exiled princess refuses to hand it over. Several years later, Dala  relaxes on holiday at an exclusive skiing resort in Cortina d\'Ampezzo. Also staying is a noted British playboy, Sir Charles Lytton , who leads a secret life as a jewel thief called "The Phantom" and has his eyes on the Pink Panther. His unwitting American playboy nephew, George , follows his uncle to the resort, also hoping to steal the jewel and blame it on the Phantom. On the Phantom\'s trail is French police inspector Jacques Clouseau  of the Sûreté, who doesn\'t know his wife Simone  is the paramour of Charles and helper in the Phantom\'s crimes. Clouseau is so clueless and clumsy that while several theft attempts are made at a fancy-dress party, he looks everywhere but the right place. Meanwhile, Simone dodges her husband while trying to avoid George, who has grown enamored of her, and aid Charles, who has grown enamored of Dala and is ambivalent about carrying out the theft. During a costume party, Sir Charles and his nephew attempt to steal the diamond, only to find the jewel already missing from the safe. In spite of himself, the buffoonish inspector discovers the two in the act, resulting in a car chase throughout the town streets. Despite all odds, Sir Charles and his accomplice George are captured when all the vehicles collide with one another. Later, Simone informs Dala that Charles wished to call off the theft, and asks her to help in his defense. Dala then reveals that it was she herself who stole the diamond to avoid deportation back to Lugash. At the trial, Charles\' and George\'s convictions seem inevitable when the defense calls as their lone witness a surprised Clouseau. The barrister asks a series of questions that suggest Clouseau himself could be the Phantom; an unnerved Clouseau pulls out his handkerchief, from which drops the jewel, promptly rendering him unconscious from shock. As Clouseau is driven away to prison, he is mobbed by a throng of enamored women. Watching from a distance, a regretful Simone expresses fears he will rot in prison; Sir Charles reassures her that when the Phantom strikes again, Clouseau will be exonerated. Sir Charles, Simone, and George drive away to continue their life of crime as Dala leaves to return to her country. Meanwhile, in the police car, the officers express their envy that Clouseau is now the object of affection of young women everywhere. As they ask him with obvious admiration how he committed so many robberies, Clouseau\'s mood gradually changes: "Well, you know . . . it wasn\'t easy."'] ["A pow wow opening features a medicine man tossing a knife and tomahawk at a young brave warrior to test his faith in the Great One and true courage. He also shoots an arrow at him to test his purity of heart. Jim Varney reprises his role of Ernest P. Worrell, working as a maintenance man at Kamp Kikakee and hoping to become a counselor. With his typical enthusiasm, he pours himself into the role and quickly becomes a valuable addition to the staff, in particular for his passion at learning the specialized sign language used by Kikakee's owner, Chief St. Cloud , who does not speak English. Ernest gets his chance at counseling when he is assigned a small group of juvenile delinquents from Midstate Boys Detention Center that the regular counselors are hesitant to take on—primarily because the group hospitalized their first counselor, Ross Stennis , by pushing his lifeguard chair into the lake while he was sitting in it. Ernest quickly takes the side of the boys, due to his compassion and for having suffered his own abuse at the hands of the militant Counselor Stennis. However, the boys start to show a little respect during a campfire session when Nurse St. Cloud  translates her grandfather's description of the warrior initiation ritual for his tribe. The initiate must hold still while a knife, a stone hatchet, and an arrow are thrown or shot at the target. It is implied that the courage of the young warrior actually alters the course of all three to prevent his death. Meanwhile, an evil mining corporation run by the ruthless Sherman Krader  has its sights on Kikakee, a site rich with the fictional mineral petrocite. However, Chief St. Cloud refuses to sell. Krader manipulates Ernest, one of the few people who speaks the chief's language, into convincing St. Cloud to sign away the land, believing it to be a conservation petition. Using Ernest as an interpreter, St. Cloud signs the deed away. Nurse St. Cloud, tries to talk Ernest out of doing anything rash until she can get a lawyer. She firmly believes that they can win the case if they can get to court, but Ernest objects, knowing that by the time they can get to a hearing, Krader will already be tearing down the camp for a strip mine. Ernest decides to fix the situation by storming into the construction site and picking a fight with the foreman , though he mainly chooses to do this out of a sense of guilt for his mistake and the risk of disappointing the kids. After Ernest is savagely beaten by the man, he leaves the camp for a while to be alone. When Nurse St. Cloud overhears the kids verbally demeaning Ernest's effort, she chastises them and reveals that Ernest is the only person who has defended them, both to the authorities and to the camp staff mostly because he was the only one who really cared about them. When they learn about the sacrifices that Ernest has made on their behalf, they resolve to find him and apologize. In doing so, Ernest and the campers quickly mend their relationship through their newfound respect for him. Even so, Krader is poised to demolish Kikakee, and when the regular staff and campers are sent home, the group decides to risk openly attacking the construction site to stall for time. Recruiting the Second Chancers, the two regular campers who usually picked on them and the chefs Jake and Eddie, Ernest plans a full-scale assault as the construction company begins to demolish Kikakee. The group works feverishly to create a series of improvised, weapons, shooting flaming arrows into piles of explosives and flammable barrels that the company had stacked up by their camp. They also catapult in a group of snapping turtles who have had parachutes attached. Prior to the attack, Chief St. Cloud arrives to pass along a native blessing, though Nurse St. Cloud begs them not to go through with it. The assault quickly cripples the construction site's equipment. The campers take small revenge against the foreman by filling the back of Ernest's motorized maintenance cart with explosives  and rolling it into the bulldozer. Ernest then knocks out the foreman. Krader then arrives at Kikakee and pulls out his high-powered hunting rifle, targeting Ernest. Echoing Kikakee's ancient testimonial pow wow, Ernest faces down Krader and apparently passes the age old test as Krader takes three shots at him, missing every time. Ernest then plugs Krader's hunting rifle with his finger and laughs in his face, signaling his defeat. The boys and Ernest succeed in protecting the land and Kamp Kikakee remains for young campers to enjoy—particularly when Nurse St. Cloud returns with a restraining order. Ernest remains a counselor, although he also still remains his clumsy, inept  self."] ["Set in Southern California, the movie opens with Ronald graduating high school as the school’s “most brilliant scholar”. At his graduation, Ronald speaks on “the Curse of the Athlete”, arguing that books are more important than athletics. Ronald decides to follow Mary, who rejected him because she loves athletes more than book worms, to Clayton which the dean describes as an “athlete-infested college”. Hoping to impress Mary, Ronald tries out for the baseball and track and field teams but proves to be totally inept at them. At the same time, he attempts to work jobs as a soda jerk and as a waiter in blackface while trying to keep these jobs a secret from Mary. Eventually the dean asks Ronald why his grades are suffering. After Ronald explains the situation, the dean empathizes with him and orders the rowing coach to make Ronald the coxswain in the upcoming competition. The coach tries to sabotage Ronald by slipping him a sleeping potion so he cannot compete, but the potion is accidentally consumed by the team's other coxswain instead. Despite Ronald capsizing the boat, pulling the rudder off the boat mid-race, and causing collisions with other boats, the Clayton team wins the race. Meanwhile, Mary starts to appreciate Ronald’s futile efforts to impress her. However, on the day of the competition Jeff, Mary’s jock boyfriend, gets kicked out of college and takes her hostage in her room in an effort to get her kicked out also to get her to marry him. In the end, she manages to contact Ronald by telephone, who in a sudden show of athleticism sprints to her dormatory, pole vaults into her window, and fights off Jeff by throwing household objects at him. Mary agrees to marry Ronald and they live the rest of their lives together."] ['Best friends for life, gym teacher Mike O\'Hara and plumber Jimmy Flaherty are united by their love of Boston and its sports teams, especially the Boston Celtics, who are playing their last season in the old Boston Garden. So when the Celtics drop Game 6 of the NBA Finals to the Utah Jazz, setting up a deciding Game 7 in Boston, Mike and Jimmy find themselves depressed and hopeless. On top of all this, Mike has moved back in with Jimmy after his wife Carol, fed up with his unhealthy obsession with the Celtics, left him and took their son Tommy with her. Despondent after the Celtic loss in Game 6, a loss engineered by the Jazz\'s selfish, one-man-show shooting guard Lewis Scott, Jimmy and Mike stumble upon Scott at a Boston nightclub. Hoping at first to get him drunk enough so he\'ll be hungover for Game 7, Mike and Jimmy pose as Utah fans. However, the pair get more than they bargained for when first they meet their idol Larry Bird who scolds them for being "fair weather fans" and later end up kidnapping Scott after he wakes up at Jimmy\'s apartment the next morning. Mike and Jimmy decide to hold Scott until after the game, reasoning that if they are going to prison, they might as well help the Celtics win in the meantime. Scott\'s streetwise, arrogant ways contrast with Jimmy and Mike\'s bumbling blue-collar lifestyle. He derides them for being washed-up losers, and insinuates Mike is only after him because he is jealous of Scott\'s fame and ability. Mike, on the other hand, berates Scott for his behavior on and off the court, including starring in a campy Oscar Mayer hot dog commercial and skipping practices. Scott attempts to turn Jimmy against Mike, and, when this fails, escapes, only to be foiled by an antagonistic cabbie and a local cop, Kevin , both fellow Celtics fans. Ultimately, Mike challenges Scott to a game of one-on-one and the pair is incapacitated well before the final game is set to begin. Before he runs off, Scott presents the pair with a dilemma, they must root for him and hope the Jazz win, otherwise he will turn them both in to the police. Mike reconciles with his wife and son, knowing he might be going to prison, and Jimmy says goodbye to his grandmother. At the game, the two convince the other Celtics fans they are only pretending to root for the Jazz, and the first half ends with the Celtics leading 52-38. Mike, who knows the Jazz are losing because Scott refuses to pass the ball, gives him a pep talk from the stands, and Utah closes the gap to one point with a little over 7 seconds remaining. With one play left and the Jazz with the ball, Mike and Jimmy choose life over the Celtics, rooting for Utah and rushing the court after they win. Approached by Kevin who earlier ignored his cries for help, Lewis denies Mike and Jimmy committed the kidnapping, saving them from prison. A few months later, Mike has promised his wife he would never interfere with an NBA Finals game again. But now it\'s football season. He and Jimmy sneak into the hotel room of Deion Sanders at 3:00 a.m.'] ['When lounge singer Dean Martin  and burlesque comic Jerry Lewis ([[Sean Hayes  clicked during an impromptu pairing in 1946, neither anticipated their unparalleled success as a team. Lewis was going nowhere fast with an act built around miming to records, while Martin was making a decent living as a crooner. Lewis had beseeched his agent to reteam him with the reluctant Martin; Lewis instigated their act and adopted the jaded pro as his unofficial big brother. Ever aloof, Martin is content to cash in on the bonanza and continue his sideline in womanizing. But as Lewis assumes more control, Martin’s mistress, Jeanne , nags him to take more credit. From bistros to radio to television, the seductive singer and the wacky stooge click with audiences. As the act takes Hollywood by storm in 1949, Lewis becomes paranoid about Martin’s popularity; psychosomatic stomach pains become his way of grabbing attention. Handsome and effortlessly charming, Martin successfully launches a solo acting career, in part to escape Lewis’s directorial aspirations and oppressive neediness. When Martin is called on the carpet by his wife, Betty , he walks out on his family; his frustration and resentment at being part of a two-headed showbiz monster only increases. Engineered by managers and agents, the last lap of the Martin-Lewis partnership is a cheerless financial arrangement, and though each triumphs after the official split in 1956, neither ever recaptures the elation of their early chemistry.'] ['The Boys tell their wives they have a business engagement, then sneak off to a poker game. En route, they stop to help two young ladies with a flat tire, and wind up splattered with mud. The girls invite them up to their apartment while their clothes dry, and all proceed to get roaring drunk. A boyfriend appears, sending the duo scrambling out the back window, in full view of their wives.'] ["National Lampoon's TV: The Movie is a channel-surfing adventure through television programs and commercials. The film features parodies of many television shows, such as Fear Factor, Cops, MTV Cribs, The Six Million Dollar Man and Miami Vice. A series of over fifty sketches makes up the movie: cartoons, reality shows, fake movie trailers, fake TV show trailers, and computer animation."] ["A Belgian criminal, wanted all over Europe for his crimes, is in the custody of the Police Department of Marseille to be watched for a few hours before transfer to a prison in Congo. Unfortunately Émilien  is tricked by the villain and convinced to let the prisoner go. After these events he's fired but luckily for him his friend Daniel  helps him one more time telling him the location where the criminal is located, having been the taxi driver who drove him after he left the police station, not knowing he was a criminal. {{cite web}}"] ['Monty Python and the Holy Grail loosely follows the legend of King Arthur. Arthur  along with his squire, Patsy , recruits his Knights of the Round Table, including Sir Bedevere the Wise , Sir Lancelot the Brave , Sir Robin the Not-Quite-So-Brave-As-Sir-Lancelot  and Sir Galahad the Pure . On the way Arthur battles the Black Knight  who, despite having had all his limbs chopped off, insists he can still fight. They reach Camelot, but Arthur decides not to enter, as "it is a silly place". They are instructed by God  to seek out the Holy Grail. Their first stop is a French-controlled castle where they believe the Grail is being held. After being insulted in mangled Franglais, they try to sneak into the castle in a Trojan Rabbit, but this plan goes terribly wrong when they forget to hide inside it first, and the rabbit is subsequently catapulted back at them. Arthur then decides the group should separate to seek the Grail. Concurrently, in a manner of "breaking the fourth wall", a modern-day historian is describing the Arthurian legend for a television program. He is suddenly killed by a knight on horseback, triggering a police investigation. Each of the Knights encounters various perils on their quest. Arthur and Bedevere attempt to satisfy the strange requests of the dreaded Knights who say Ni. Sir Robin narrowly avoids a fight with the Three-Headed Giant by running away while the heads are arguing, causing embarrassment as the bard following him sings "Brave Sir Robin ran away". Sir Lancelot accidentally assaults a wedding party at Swamp Castle, mistakenly believing them to be holding a lady against her will, only to discover an effeminate boy. Galahad is led by a Grail-shaped beacon to Castle Anthrax, populated only by women who wish to perform sexual favours for him, but is "rescued", somewhat against his will, by Lancelot. The Knights regroup and travel to see Tim the Enchanter , who points them to caves where the location of the Grail is written on the walls. To enter the caves, the group is forced to defeat the Rabbit of Caerbannog using the Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch. They enter the cave and are attacked by the Legendary Black Beast of Aaaaarrrrrrggghhh, which devours Brother Maynard. Arthur and his Knights flee and barely escape by virtue of the beast\'s animator suffering a fatal heart attack. With their final destination known, the group travels to its last peril, the Bridge of Death, where each Knight is forced to answer three questions by the bridge-keeper  before they can cross the Gorge of Eternal Peril; Sirs Robin and Galahad fail and are thrown into a chasm below. Arthur, at his turn, accidentally tricks the bridge-keeper, who is thrown into the chasm himself. Lancelot becomes separated from Arthur and Bedevere, and is later shown being arrested by police for the murder of the historian. Arthur and Bedevere travel to the Grail castle, which turns out to be occupied by the same French forces who insulted and drove them off earlier. The Knights amass a large army and prepare to storm the castle, but just as they begin to charge, the modern police arrive on the scene. Arthur and Bedevere are arrested, and one of the officers knocks the film out of the camera, putting an abrupt end to the movie. There are no end credits, only several minutes of organ music.'] ['Kevin Lenahan  is a con man who is framed in a jewel robbery. In order to escape custody, he fakes insanity, then poses as surgeon Dr. Slattery at a local hospital when he switches places with the administrator Arthur Chambers . During a flood and a power outage that follows, Kevin takes charge of the hospital and tries to maintain some order in his unorthodox way.'] ["The Stooges are key witnesses at a murder trial. Their friend and colleague, Gail Tempest , is a dancer at the Black Bottom cafe where the Stooges are musicians. She is accused of killing Kirk Robin . When Curly  is called to the witness stand, he is nowhere to be found. The defense attorney  goes out into the hall and finds the Stooges playing jacks AND tic-tac-toe on the floor. After considerable mutual frustration, the court finally swears in Curly, who begins to describe the events that took place on the night of the murder. He offers to show the court exactly what happened, and the Stooges break into their musical routine, with Larry  playing the violin, Moe  playing the harmonica, and Curly playing the spoons. Gail Tempest shrugs off her coat and reveals her dancer costume, to the great surprise of the jury. The act ends when Larry mistakes a toupée for a tarantula; Moe subsequently takes the guard's gun and starts shooting the toupée, causing pandemonium in the court. After everything is brought under control, Moe and Curly re-enact the actual murder . Moe then looks at the parrot, who was at the murder scene, and sees a note tied to the parrot's foot. He opens the parrot cage, and the parrot flies out. The Stooges eventually capture the bird by shooting water at it through a fire hose. Moe then reads the letter out loud and reveals that it is a confession from the real murderer, Buck Wing, which proves Gail's innocence."] ["Jack Watson  is a millionaire playboy who is about to turn 81 just as his grandson David  is about to turn 18. Jack laments his old age and wishes to get back to his teens once more. When an accident switches their souls, Jack gets to live his grandson's life and all that it entails: school, sports and romance. Unfortunately, David gets the raw end of the deal: as not only is he trapped in his grandfather's 81-year-old body, but he is also in a coma. Jack gets to approach his family from a fresh point of view and doesn't always like what he sees: he's been a distant parent for his son Arnie ([[Tony Roberts  and has repeatedly disregarded his ideas for improving the family company. The college fraternity that he coerced David into joining  is bullying him on a regular basis and forcing him to write their test finals for them. He also finds out that his trophy wife Madeline  is unfaithful when she tries to seduce him, whom she thinks is her young step-grandson. Jack's family decides to disconnect his 81-year-old body from life support. Knowing that this will kill David, Jack has to rush back to save him and set things right."] ['The protagonist and narrator is Dexter King , an American actor working in London and living platonically in Camden Town with his "educated, charming...nymphomaniac" landlady . He\'s just finished his sixth year playing "The Tall Guy", a straight man in a two-man, long-running comedy revue starring  Ron Anderson . called Elephant! which features a song called “He’s Packing His Trunk” and a finale which ends with the lyric "Somewhere up in heaven there\'s an angel with big ears!" During rehearsal, Dexter succumbs to the advances of a married co-star . On the new musical\'s opening night, Kate puts together evidence of the affair from a few subtle clues, and leaves Dexter without further ado. After seeing a scene in a televised award show that suggests Ron is now dating Kate, Dexter impulsively gives up his role in Elephant! just before the curtain rises, with plans to make an impassioned plea to Kate to take him back. With Ron\'s involuntary help , Dexter presents his case to Kate in a busy hospital ward. Kate agrees to give him another chance.'] ['The Stooges are inept, but honest, street cleaners. When they come across an envelope filled with oil bonds in the trash, they return them to their owner, B.O. Davis ([[John Tyrrell . The grateful Davis offers them a 5,000-dollar reward if they can find an honest man with executive abilities. An honest dog ultimately leads them to a weeping girl  who explains that her sweetheart has been unfairly jailed. The best way to talk to him, the Stooges figure, is to get arrested themselves. They land in the clink and track down their man, Percy Pomeroy . With some black paint, they make their prison outfits look like guard uniforms and make their escape. Just as they are leaving, Davis is coming in — handcuffed to a detective and revealed as "Lone Wolf Louie, the biggest bond swindler in America." The Stooges wind up back in jail, breaking rocks over Curly\'s head.'] ['Wheezer attempts to find his puppies after they run off and travel across the city. At the same time, the rest of the gang crash a high-society dog conformation show where Farina is working as a page. The kids bring all manner of wild animal pets  into the show, and cause commotion and fear among the ritzy attendees. Because of the commotion the kids cause, Farina is fired. Meanwhile, Wheezer continues searching for his pups, who run toward a bell — any bell — they hear; he says, "they think they\'re gonna get dinner." They hear a goat\'s bell, a fire engine bell, and a huge church bell, which Wheezer himself rings in a desperate attempt to find the pups. He sits on the curb dejected until the pups, who did hear it, scamper up to him for a happy reunion. Tying the two sub-plots together is a running gag in which first-time Our Ganger Dorothy DeBorba keeps jumping into a mud puddle, amusing the other children and irritating her mother, who keeps bathing her and changing her clothes. The last time this happens, she thinks it was Farina who pushed the little girl in — and falls in the mud herself.'] ["The Stooges are working as singing waiters at a restaurant and meet two doctors (Vernon Dent, [[John Tyrrell  who ask them to cheer up Betty Williams, a little girl who is sick from grief because her father , a bank cashier, has been kidnapped while delivering bonds. After the Stooges, as little girls with blonde sausage curls, fail to cheer her up, they volunteer to find the girl's father. The doctors give them a brief description of the father . He and Betty like to yodel to each other, something Curly seems rather adept at. The Stooges waste no time in stopping every suspect in sight and giving them the Stooge third degree. Frustrated, Curly starts yodeling, and after a few maladies that befall him , the boys hear a response...from a radio that one of the kidnappers, Butch , has on. Butch is guarding Betty's father who is gagged and tied to a bed. Mistaking the yodeling cowboy on the radio for the cashier, the Stooges follow the sounds and intercede, knock out Butch, and free Betty's father. Just then, three other members of the gang return. The Stooges and the father barricade the room door and use the dumbwaiter to escape to the basement. The four men follow them downstairs where a fight ensues, plunging everything into darkness, leaving only Curly fully conscious afterward to light a candle. The cashier is reunited with Betty, who recovers from her lethargy, and the pair, along with the two doctors, are serenaded at the restaurant by the Stooges."] ['Two sidewalk photographers, Tubby McCoy  and Flash Fulton , aspire to work for the local newspaper. Their childhood friend, Dr. Bill Burns , invites them to come along on a call to a building fire. While attempting to photograph the inferno, Tubby is injured and brought to Burns\' hospital. While they are there, Silky Fellowsby, a gangster who is admitted as a patient to establish an alibi for a robbery he is planning, mistake Tubby and Flash for two Detroit hitmen. He expects them to guard the bank\'s entrance while they rob it, while they mistakenly believe that they are hired to take photographs of the gang as they leave the bank. When the bank is robbed, Tubby and Flash are considered the prime suspects. Fellowsby heads to a ski resort to "recuperate", hiring Burns and his nurse  to care for him. Wanting to clear their names, Tubby and Flash go to the resort, where they are hired as waiters. They attempt to retrieve the stolen cash by blackmailing the gangsters with the bank photographs, which turn out to be worthless as the robbers\' faces are not shown. A fight ensues and after a climactic chase down the mountain, the gangsters are caught.'] ['Lou Francis  and Bud Alexander  have just graduated from a private detective school. Tommy Nelson , a middleweight boxer, comes to them with their first case. Tommy recently escaped from jail, after being accused of murdering his manager, and asks the duo to accompany him on a visit to his fiancée, Helen Gray . He wants her uncle, Dr. Philip Gray , to inject him with a special serum he has developed which will render Tommy invisible, and hopes to use the newfound invisibility to investigate his manager\'s murder and proved his innocence. Dr. Gray adamantly refuses, arguing that the serum is still unstable, but as the police arrive Tommy injects himself with it and successfully becomes invisible. Detective Roberts  questions Dr. Gray and Helen while Bud and Lou search for Tommy. Helen and Tommy convince Bud and Lou to help them seek the real killer, after Tommy explains that the motive for the murder occurred after he refused to "throw" a fight, knocking his opponent, Rocky Hanlon , out cold. Morgan , the promoter who fixed the fight, ordered Tommy\'s manager beaten to death while framing Tommy for the crime. In order to investigate undercover, Lou poses as a boxer, with Bud as his manager. They go to Stillwell\'s gym where Lou gets in the ring with Rocky Hanlon. Tommy, still invisible, gets into the ring with them and again knocks out Hanlon with the illusion that Lou did it, and an official match is arranged. Morgan urges Lou to throw the fight, but when the match occurs , poor Hanlon is knocked out yet again. Morgan plans Bud\'s murder which is thwarted by Tommy, who unfortunately is wounded in the battle and begins to bleed badly. The protagonists rush to the hospital where a blood transfusion is arranged between Lou and Tommy. During the transfusion, Tommy becomes visible again. Unfortunately, some of Tommy\'s blood has apparently entered Lou,who briefly turns invisible, only to reappear with his legs inexplicably on backwards.'] ['In the prologue, Gangster Angelo “Snaps” Provolone promises his dying father  that he will give up a life of crime, and instead "go straight". A Month later, Snaps awakes at his mansion and begins his important morning. He has a meeting with several prominent bankers, as he hopes to donate a large sum of cash and join the bank’s board of trustees, thereby having an honest job and keeping his word to his father. Anthony Rossano, Snaps\'s young, good-natured accountant, arrives at the mansion and sets all events in motion. Anthony tells his boss that he’s in love, asks for a 250% raise, then tells Snaps the true love he speaks of is actually "Snaps\'s daughter." After Anthony professes his love for the daughter, Snaps does not want his daughter marrying Anthony and goes to talk to his daughter. Lisa Provolone is the only child of Snaps and Sofia. Lisa is a spoiled daughter whose dreams of seeing the world’s great sights run into a roadblock because of her overly protective father. Wishing to move out of the house, she lies to her parents  and claims to be pregnant. Snaps, believing the father to be Anthony , is shocked when Lisa says the father is Oscar, the former chauffeur who is now out of the country. Things get even more complicated when Anthony learns that Theresa, the woman he fell in love with, is not actually Snaps\' daughter, but was merely pretending to be. Before Anthony can catch on, Snaps tricks him into agreeing to marry his actual daughter, Lisa, who is supposedly pregnant but without a husband. Both Lisa and Anthony are unhappy at the hasty arrangement, and the pair luck out when Lisa falls in love with someone else – Dr. Thornton Poole, Snaps\' dialectician. Meanwhile, local police lieutenant Toomey is keeping an eye on the mansion, believing that Snaps is meeting with Chicago mobsters soon. Also watching Snaps is mob rival Vendetti, who, too, believes that Snaps is meeting Chicago mobsters. Vendetti plans a hit on Snaps in the early afternoon while Toomey plans a raid at the same time to catch Snaps red-handed. While Anthony seeks out Theresa, Snaps meets his mansion\'s new maid, Roxie. As it turns out, Roxie is an old flame of Snaps, and the pair talk memories and the life that never was. Theresa comes to the mansion and is revealed to be Roxie\'s daughter - who was actually fathered by Snaps long ago - making Snaps her dad after all. The impromptu celebration of both his daughters\' engagements is cut short by the arrival of the bankers. During the meeting, Snaps senses the bankers are giving him a raw deal. The meeting is interrupted by police officers and Toomey, who is embarrassed to find no money or gangsters present on site. He leaves the mansion just in time for Vendetti\'s car full of armed men to crash right outside. Toomey smiles for reporters and arrests the men. With no hope to actually become a banker, Snaps decides to abandon his short-lived honest ways and return to a life of crime. The final scene of the movie shows a double wedding for both his daughters. Oscar himself finally appears and objects to Lisa\'s marriage, but he is carried off by Snaps\' men and the weddings end happily.'] ['Jed Clampett , a hillsman of humble station, accidentally discovers oil on his land while shooting at a rabbit. Ozark Mountain Oil, interested in purchasing his land, offers him $1 billion for the property. Unsure of what to do, Jed consults his sister, Pearl Bodine , during a family dinner. Pearl suggests a change of scenery for Jed\'s daughter, Elly May , would be a good thing. Having made up his mind and accepted the money, Jed, his daughter, his mother-in-law Granny , and his nephew, Jethro , Pearl\'s son, load up Jethro\'s old, dilapidated truck with their possessions and move to Beverly Hills. Milburn Drysdale , the CEO of the Commerce Bank of Beverly Hills , sends out his secretary/assistant, Miss Jane Hathaway  to meet the Clampetts at their new estate. Miss Jane calls the Beverly Hills Police after the Clampetts arrive, mistaking them for burglars. Upon learning of Miss Jane\'s mistake at the police station, Mr. Drysdale briefly fires her. But seeing that Jed insists that he still wants her to watch over his affairs, Mr. Drysdale rehires her. The Clampetts settle into their new surroundings. Mr. Drysdale pushes his reluctant son, Morgan Drysdale ([[Kevin Connolly , into befriending Elly May, to whom he eventually develops an attraction. Miss Jane is also smitten by Jethro, who seems ignorant of her affections. Jed requests Miss Jane\'s assistance in helping him search for someone who will help change Elly May into a woman. Woodrow Tyler , an employee in Drysdale\'s bank, catches wind of this and contrives a scheme with his con artist girlfriend, Laura Jackson , to steal Jed\'s money by having her marry Jed. She poses as a French etiquette teacher, Laurette Voleur, and asks for work. "Laurette" feigns romantic interest in Jed, which eventually causes him to propose marriage to her. Shortly before the wedding, Granny hears Laura and Tyler talking about the scam. Granny reveals herself to the pair and threatens to expose their scam to Jed. Before she can escape, they capture her, restrain her, and have her institutionalized at the Los Viejos Nursing Home so she cannot contact Jed. At the wedding, Tyler prepares to transfer all of Clampett\'s money in Drysdale\'s bank to a Swiss account on his laptop computer when the couple says "I do". Miss Jane, realizing Granny is missing, goes to the office of Barnaby Jones , and, after learning where Granny is, poses as a nurse and breaks her out. Granny and Miss Jane arrive at the wedding and foil Laura and Tyler\'s plan when Miss Jane grabs a shotgun and blows the laptop to bits. The police arrest Laura and Tyler while Jed decides that, since the wedding was off, they would have "one hellacious shindig."'] ['During World War I, soldiers Tommy  and Gilbert  go AWOL in Paris, more interested in picking up girls, than in military duty. Along the way, Tommy falls for young, Annette ([[Dorothy Lee , unaware at first that she\'s the daughter of Colonel Marshall, George MacFarlane,http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0532212/ their commanding officer; Gilbert, meanwhile, falls for Mademoiselle Olga, Leni Stengel, the Colonel\'s lady friend.http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0826572/  Hoping to turn the two soldiers into heroes, so they will not be court-martialed, Annette and Olga persuade the boys to deliver a set of sealed orders , to the front lines. After a dramatic scene at the front, the two are apprehended by the MPs, and brought to Colonel Marshall, for justice. He readies the firing squad, but opts for the worst sentence he can think off, ordering them to marry Olga and Annette. After, the two point out that the "secret papers" they were carrying to the commanding General, was an actually a love letter from Olga to the very married Colonel. The Armistice has been declared, but as Wheeler & Woolsey say at the end, has it!'] ["The film costars Tim Conway and Don Knotts as a pair of bumbling holdup men who try to steal gold, but are later offered it by a group of children. Conway and Knotts play the leads in the sequel , in which Bixby and the rest of the original cast &ndash; with the exception of Harry Morgan as the sheriff &ndash; do not appear. It also features Susan Clark as the stagecoach driver who is persuaded to marry the gambler in an attempt for both of them to keep custody of the children; Harry Morgan as the sheriff who doubles as the barber, Justice of the Peace, and the judge; and Slim Pickens as Knotts' and Conway's former boss who tries to kidnap the children and steal the gold."] ["Chester Wooley  and Duke Egan  are traveling salesmen who make a stopover in Wagon Gap, Montana while enroute to California. During the stopover, a notorious criminal, Fred Hawkins, is murdered, and the two are charged with the crime. They are quickly tried, convicted, and sentenced to die by hanging. The head of the local citizen's committee, Jim Simpson , recalls a law whereby the survivor of a gun duel must take responsibility for the deceased's debts and family. The law spares the two from execution, but Chester is now responsible for the widow Hawkins  and her seven children. They go to her farm, where Chester is worked by Mrs. Hawkins from dawn to dusk. To make matters worse, Chester must work at the saloon at night to repay Hawkin's debt to its owner, Jake Frame ([[Gordon Jones . Her plan is to wear Chester down until he agrees to marry her. Chester quickly learns that no one will harm him, for fear that they will have to support Mrs. Hawkins and her family. Simpson makes Chester the sheriff in hopes that the fear of him will help clean up the lawless town. For protection, Chester carries around a photograph of Mrs. Hawkins and her kids. The approach works for a while, and Chester is heralded as a hero. Meanwhile, Duke still plans to go to California and tries to get Judge Benbow  to marry Mrs. Hawkins, in order to free him and Chester from their obligations. He starts a rumor that Mrs. Hawkins is about to become rich once the railroad buys her land to lay tracks. The rumor takes on a life of its own, with everyone trying to kill Chester in hopes of marrying Mrs. Hawkins . Frame eventually confesses to Hawkins' murder; Duke and Chester are cleared and allowed to leave town, but not before they admit that the railroad rumor was fabricated by them. Benbow still wants to marry Mrs. Hawkins, and she agrees. She then announces that the railroad actually did offer her substantial money, and she is now wealthy."] ['Following the events of Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle, Harold Lee and Kumar Patel set off on a flight to Amsterdam so that Harold can pursue a budding romance with his neighbor, Maria. Before they board their plane, they run into a friend from college, Colton, and Kumar\'s ex-girlfriend, Vanessa, who are getting married in Texas; Kumar questions whether he still loves her. During the flight a woman suspects Kumar of being a terrorist after mistaking his bong for a bomb. Sky marshals detain the duo and the plane diverts to Washington D.C. where Ron Fox, an obsessive and racist Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security, sends them to Guantanamo Bay detention camp in Cuba, thinking they are agents of a joint Al-Qaeda and North Korean conspiracy, against the advice of NSA Vice-Chairman Beecher. With the inadvertent assistance of two other prisoners, Harold and Kumar escape and board a Cuban refugee boat to Miami, Florida. They meet up with their college friend, Raza, who loans them a car so they can travel to Texas to get help from Colton, whose family has political connections. During the car ride, Kumar remembers first meeting Vanessa at the library and experiencing smoking a joint. Fox interrogates Harold and Kumar\'s parents utilizing an incompetent interpreter, despite their English fluency. Harold and Kumar end up lost in Birmingham, Alabama. They mistake a group of African Americans for gang members, and after crashing their car, they flee on foot from the approaching group, who were actually planning to repair the car. They meet a friendly hunter and stay with him and his wife at their well-kept trailer home, even sharing some weed. When someone knocks at the door, Harold and Kumar hide in the basement and discover the couple\'s inbred cycloptic son. At night, while Kumar dreams of a threesome with Vanessa and a large bag of weed, Harold is shocked to find the son in his bed, and they promptly leave. In the woods, Harold and Kumar encounter a Ku Klux Klan rally. They hide until some members approach with a beer keg. After knocking out the two members and putting on their robes, they mingle until the other two return, declaring them to be "Mexicans". The Klansmen chase Harold and Kumar until their leader accidentally sets himself on fire. The two run into Neil Patrick Harris, who offers them a ride. Fox continues demonstrating his racial ignorance as he interrogates Harold and Kumar\'s friends, Rosenberg and Goldstein. Harris, under the influence of psychedelic mushrooms, smuggles them past Fox\'s security checkpoint. They stop at a brothel, but while Harris leaves with a big breasted prostitute, Harold and Kumar separate and talk about their friendship issues with their girls. Harris causes a situation by branding his woman. As they flee, Harris is shot in the back. While grieving, Harold and Kumar look through Harris\' possessions, finding Chris Fehn\'s mask, a jar of human hair, and a dozen mace cans. Harold and Kumar arrive in Texas, where Colton promises to help them out of their situation, but when he sees Kumar reconnecting with Vanessa, he turns them over to Fox. Harold blames Kumar for the problems they have encountered. On the flight back to Guantanamo Bay, Kumar apologizes and they forgive each other. Harold uses Harris\' mace to incapacitate two guards, but Fox catches them. As he prepares to shoot them, an infuriated Beecher knocks down Fox and calls him out on his incompetence, saying that it is people like him who make Americans look stupid. He tries to tie Fox up but slips and knocks the plane door open, sucking out everyone inside. Kumar hangs on to Harold, who has deployed a parachute, and they crash through the roof of President George W. Bush\'s Texas house. Bush brings them to his recreation room, and they bond by smoking weed. Bush promises to pardon Harold and Kumar and to help them with whatever they need. Escorted by the Secret Service, Harold and Kumar interrupt Colton and Vanessa\'s wedding. Colton confronts Kumar, but Harold punches him, and Kumar reconnects with Vanessa by reciting the poem he was writing when they first met. The three head to Amsterdam where Harold reunites with Maria, and they tour Amsterdam. A post-credits scene reveals that Neil Patrick Harris is still alive.'] ['{{plot}} Stanley Stupid ([[Tom Arnold  is convinced that someone is stealing his trash. He discovers and follows a garbage truck. His children, Buster  and Petunia  think he was kidnapped and leave a note for their mother Joan. The note said: "police kidnapped your kids" While at the dump, Stanley overheard a meeting of corrupt army officials promising several foreign representatives large amounts of contraband. Stanley poses as one of the foreigners, and talks with Colonel Neidermeyer . Neidermeyer is convinced that Stanley is a secret agent. Shortly afterward, he tells Lieutenant Neal , one of his subordinate assassins, to kill him. Meanwhile, the children are brought home by the police only to discover that their mother is gone too. After the two find an advertisement for a Chinese restaurant, they go to the restaurant. There, Buster receives a fortune cookie that says "Time flies when you\'re having fun." Believing this is the Daily Times newspaper, the children go to the newspapers offices. The computer prompts them for a headline, and after telling Buster  and Joan that computer language is alien, Petunia inputs "alien picks nose". The computer then requests a picture, at which they try to slide a photograph of Stanley into the floppy drive. The family reunites at their house and Stanley explains a conspiracy he discovered at the dumpster. Years ago, while working for as a "courier for the government" , he noticed an inordinate amount of letters marked "return to sender". Thinking "sender" was a person\'s name, he reported this to his superior, who promptly fired him. He believes Mr. Sender  accumulates letters, has bribed the police into stealing people\'s children. The Stupid\'s children suggest looking for "Sender" in the telephone directory, and find a Charles Sender  who works at the Museum of Natural History. At the museum, they split up and sneak in. Buster and Joan find a display of several dates and events, ending at an elevator which had buttons for floors A-D and 1-9. Believing it to be a time machine, Buster presses several random numbers and the letters B and C. The elevator takes them to a display about dinosaurs, and Buster writes his name on the wall, believing it will be the first thing humans will read. Petunia and Stanley, meanwhile, enter Sender\'s office and find his daily planner. On their way out, they enter a planetarium. Suddenly, the planetarium show begins. They are discovered by a janitor named Lloyd , who they take as "The Lord". The family reunites again outside the museum. Stanley and Petunia tell Joan and Buster that Sender was going to a television studio. The studio kicks them out. Neidermeyer realizes Stanley hasn\'t been assassinated when he sees him on TV singing "I\'m My Own Grandpa". He kidnaps Stanley and brings him to the army base, and his family follow but are not allowed in. Stanley is tied to a chair and interrogated, but refuses to give away anything. Just when he is about to be beaten, one of his guards spits a wad of chewing gum on the floor. Remembering the museum janitor\'s words, he finds the strength to escape and rejoin his family. Stanley tells of the nefarious plot he heard that will take "... place  Warehouse 21". Arriving in the middle of the night, they sneak in to discover huge stores of weapons. They order the corrupt officials to surrender, and soon find themselves under attack. After a series of humorous struggles, they manage to get the police\'s attention. All the corrupt officers are arrested except for Neidermeyer. Stanley approaches Sender and tells him he needs to turn his life away from evil. Thinking these are road directions, Sender thanks him. When the Stupids return home, they find Neidermeyer waiting to kill them. Before he can pull the trigger, Neidermeyer tells them that no guardian angel can save them, at which point the takeout-delivery man Joan called earlier barges in, knocking him out with the door. The family believes that delivery man to be working for "The Lloyd", when in fact the man\'s boss\' name is Floyd. Meanwhile, a nose-picking alien in a space ship passes an edition of the newspaper Joan and the children were in earlier. Upon seeing "Alien picks nose" with Stanley\'s photo on the front cover, they set off to Earth to kill him. The film ends as Stanley is grilling hamburgers outside. Buster says he wants to try, at which point the aliens appear in the yard. Oblivious to the aliens, Stanley tries to explain to Buster that he is too little to do it. In the process, he inadvertently sets the aliens on fire, and they teleport away.'] ["The film begins in an Abyssinian castle in 50 BC, where a princess uses a pair of enchanted earrings to escape an arranged marriage by swapping bodies with a slave girl. When each woman wears one of the earrings, their bodies magically trade places while their minds remain where they were. The rest of the film is set in the modern-day suburban hometown of Jessica Spencer , a popular high-school girl, and her friends April , Keecia , and Lulu . April is Jessica's best friend, and all four girls are cheerleaders. At school one day, Jessica makes fun of an overweight girl named Hildenburg  and a Wiccan girl named Eden . After that, Jessica and her friends visit the local mall, where Jessica gets her rival Bianca  into trouble and finds the earrings in an African-themed store. The earrings are not for sale, so Jessica steals them. Shortly afterward, a small-time criminal named Clive  robs a nearby gas station. When Jessica and her friends stop there and mistake him for an employee, he services their car to avoid raising suspicion. Jessica accidentally drops one of the earrings on the ground, and Clive picks it up after the girls drive away. That evening, in their respective homes, Jessica and Clive put on their earrings. When they wake up the next morning, each of them is trapped in the other's body. This is especially difficult for Jessica, who has a cheering competition and the school prom coming up soon. After Jessica convinces her friends of who she is, they help her investigate the body swap. Hildenburg, Eden, and Bianca are all innocent, Hildenburg and Eden join Jessica after she apologizes to them, and Eden finds a picture of the earrings on the internet. When the girls return to the African store, the shopkeeper explains how the earrings work and tells the girls they must find the other earring soon or the change will become permanent. Meanwhile, Jessica is hired for two jobs while secretly living with April. At her own home, where she works as a gardener, her parents tell her about their marital problems and she helps them rekindle their sex life. At school, while cleaning the boys' locker room as a janitor, she spies on her boyfriend Billy , who truly loves her, and April's boyfriend Jake , who has another girlfriend. Faced with Jake's infidelity, April begins to fall in love with Jessica, who agrees to take her to the prom. At the cheering competition, Jessica signals romantically to Billy while disguised as the school mascot, but when the head of her suit falls off, he becomes confused and leaves with Bianca. During this time, Clive has been using Jessica's body to make money from men, including Billy, who gives him his money and car, believing he is Jessica. However, on the evening of the prom, Hildenburg sees a video of Clive robbing a man on the television news and goes to the scene of the crime. After finding a business card for the club where Clive works as a pole dancer, she informs Jessica at the prom, and the girls go to the club. When they find Clive, Jessica steals his earring and puts it on herself along with the other one. With the two earrings now on the same person, Jessica's and Clive's bodies return to their original owners. After Jessica makes up with Billy, the film ends with the school's graduation ceremony, followed by a scene in which Clive, running from the law and still dressed in lingerie, is abducted by a bartender  who believes he is a homosexual."] ['Professor Philip Brainard , a professor at Medfield College, is developing a new energy source in an attempt to raise enough money to save the college from closure. His preoccupancy with his research distracts him from his fiancée and the president of Medfield College Doctor Sara Jean Reynolds ; he has missed two weddings in the past as a result of this, much to the anger of Sara. On the day of the third attempted wedding, Philip is approached by his former partner Wilson Croft , who has profited from ideas he has stolen from Brainard and now desires to steal Sara from Philip and make her his wife, which he declares directly to Philip. Before he can make it to the wedding, his latest experiment shows fast development, forcing him to miss another wedding. The resulting substance created from the experiment is a green slime that proves to be difficult to control and wreaks havoc on the neighborhood before Brainard finally manages to capture him. Weebo , Philip\'s robot assistant, classifies the substance as "flying rubber", leading Philip to christen him as "Flubber". Philip discovers that as he bounces, Flubber increases in speed rather than decreasing. After he relays this information to Weebo, she informs him that he has missed the third wedding. Philip goes to Sara\'s office and attempts to explain the situation to her, but she thinks he made this up. Meanwhile, Medfield College sponsor Chester Hoenicker  is unhappy that Philip flunked his son Bennett  in chemistry class. That night, Chester sends his two security guards Smith  and Wesson  to Philip\'s house in an attempt to persuade Philip into giving Bennett a better grade. When they get there, they spy on Philip testing the Flubber and are suddenly knocked out unconscious by a Flubber-coated golf ball and bowling ball. He uses Flubber to give his car the ability of flight. During a test run, he discovers Wilson making the moves on Sara. Afterwards, Weebo attempts to confess her love of Philip, only to be shrugged off as a computer. In response, she secretly creates a holographic human version of herself in hopes of winning him over. Before Weebo can make out with Philip in this form as he sleeps, Philip awakens with another idea for Flubber. He enters an empty basketball court and tests the effects of Flubber on a basketball. Later, he gives Flubber-padded shoes to the unskilled Medfield basketball team to increase their abilities. Back in Philip\'s home, a spiteful Weebo unleashes Flubber from his case, allowing him to dance around the house and cause general mayhem. After the close but successful basketball game, Philip\'s attempt to win Sara back into his favor fails. Philip dumps all of his emotional baggage onto Weebo, saying his absent-mindedness is due to his love of Sara. Weebo records Philip\'s ramblings and shows the footage to Sara, who then reconciles with Philip. Philip demonstrates Flubber\'s abilities to Sara and they discuss how it can be used for profit. However, Chester discovers Flubber\'s existence and sends Smith and Wesson to break into Philip\'s house and steal Flubber. Weebo attempts to fend off the goons, only to be struck down with a baseball bat. Philip and Sara return home and find that Flubber is gone and Weebo is destroyed. Philip discovers that Weebo created back-up data of herself onto Philip\'s computer in the event of her demise. Philip and Sara confront Chester and try to retrieve Flubber, only to find that Wilson was behind the whole scheme. After a battle, Philip and Sara defeat Wilson, Chester and his goons, get Flubber back, raise enough money to save the college and finally have a successful marriage, along with Flubber and the daughter of Weebo, called Weebette.'] ["The Stooges want to fly for the Royal Air Force, but end up as mechanics working in a motor-pool garage. When given the assignment of getting a 'squeak' out of the Colonel's car from his assistant Kelly , they get sidetracked after Moe's head gets stuck in a pipe. After several painful attempts, they finally unscrew Moe from the tight quarters, and he eventually chases Larry and Curly around the vehicle, breaking the windshield in the process. The Stooges disassemble the entire engine, and are still puzzled, as they are not exactly certain what a squeak looks like. Kelly comes to retrieve the Colonel's car, with the Stooges still hoping to be airmen.  The trio promptly evacuate the garage after Kelly realizes what they have done, only to end up hiding out in a bomb mistaken for a sewer pipe. The bomb is then dropped behind enemy lines (reflecting the recent British bombing of Cologne, Germany in June 1942Solomon, Jon. . Moe and Curly quickly disguise themselves as German officers and Larry disguises himself as a woman . Marshalls Bommel  and Boring  then enter, and go about flirting with Moronica. The Stooges eventually steal enemy secrets from under the nose of the Nazi officers, knock them cold, and escape."] ['Brendan Byers III  is a rich playboy who enlists to fight in the war against the Axis powers, but is classified 4-F. He really wants to fight, so he enlists other 4-Fs and some loyal volunteers from his own service staff and forms his own army. He finances their training and equipment. Once completed, they travel to the front in Italy, with Byers impersonating a Nazi general named "Smiling Albert" Kesselring. The plan is to pull back the German lines, since the front has remained static for too long, enabling the Allies to push forward again. The mission does not go smoothly and they must overcome several obstacles, including the fiery wife of the local mayor who is the real Kesselring\'s lover, and the real Kesselring\'s involvement in an assassination attempt on Hitler. Afterwards, they face their next mission: infiltrating the Imperial Japanese command to influence the outcome of the Battle of Kwajalein.'] ["On a snowy winter's night, Laurel and Hardy try to keep their pet dog 'Laughing Gravy' hidden from their landlord, mostly without success. The landlord eventually orders them to leave, but fate takes a hand."] ["The Romans have invaded Britain. An army led by Mark Antony , slogging through wet and miserable weather, attacks a village  and capture some people as slaves. They include a maker of square wheels Hengist Pod  and the fearless warrior Horsa , among others. They are taken to Rome, bought by the trader Spencius  and auctioned off. No-one wants Hengist and he's marked down as lion-fodder. When an attempt is made to kill Julius Caesar  at a Roman temple, Horsa fights and kills Caesar's enemies, but Hengist gets all the credit, and is made Caesar's bodyguard. Meanwhile, Mark Antony, Caesar's best friend, is sent to Egypt to negotiate an alliance, but becomes besotted with the Egyptian Queen Cleopatra . The only way to achieve his heart's desire is to kill Caesar . The plan to kill Caesar and Hengist ends up being unsuccessful. Hengist, Horsa and all of their fellow British countrymen escape, capture a galley and make it back to Britain."] ["Ollie and his wife are enjoying a quiet Sunday at home until Stan shows up, eager to play some golf. After Stan breaks the Hardys' Victrola and nearly sets fire to their house, Mrs. Hardy chases the boys out. At the golf course, they are partnered with a pair of comely young lasses to complete a foursome. The girls want to be treated to sodas, but the boys are short of money. Stan leaves his watch to settle the thirty-cent bill. On the course, they tangle with rude golfer Edgar Kennedy, and wind up in a mud-throwing battle with several other linksters."] ['The circus strongman , and the midget  are accomplices of the bad guy Carter ([[James Burke  who is trying to take over the circus. In the animal car, they knock Wilson  out and steal his $10,000 http://data.bls.gov/cgi-bin/cpicalc.pl?cost11939&year2=2011. Groucho, as lawyer J. Cheever Loophole, arrives to handle the situation. He caves in when he sees Pendleton and makes an absolute fool of himself with Little Professor Atom.  In order to help Wilson, he first tries to get the money from Carter\'s moll, Peerless Pauline , but fails miserably. Then he calls on Mrs. Dukesbury , and cons her into paying $10,000 for the Wilson Circus to entertain the Newport 400, instead of a performance by an orchestra conducted by a Frenchman named Jardinet . The "400 of Newport" are delighted with the circus; when Jardinet arrives, Groucho, who also delayed Jardinet by implicating him in a "dope ring," disposes of the Frenchman and his orchestra by having them play on a floating bandstand down at the water\'s edge. Chico and Harpo cut the mooring rope and the musicians play the Prelude to Act Three of Lohengrin by Wagner, serenading the waves. Meanwile, Carter and his cronies try to burn down the circus, but are thwarted by the brothers, along with the only witness to the robbery - the gorilla , who also retrieves Wilson\'s ten thousand dollars.'] ['Fielding Mellish  is the main character, but he does not appear until after the opening credits. The cold open, which featured the assassination of the president of the fictional "banana republic" of San Marcos that completed a coup d\'état bringing Gen. Emilio Molina Vargas  to power, sets up the situation that Mellish would enter later in the movie. The scene was in the form of a championship boxing telecast on Wide World of Sports, with Don Dunphy as the host and Howard Cosell as the commentator.Warren, James. "Press Goes \'Bananas,\'" Chicago Tribune, Sunday, October 30, 1994. Mellish is a neurotic blue collar man who tries to impress social activist Nancy  by trying to get in touch with the revolution in San Marcos. He visits the republic and attempts to show his concern for the native people. However, nearly killed by the local caudillo, only to be saved by the revolutionaries, he is then indebted to help them. Mellish clumsily learns how to be a revolutionary. When the revolution is successful, the Castro-style leader goes mad, forcing the rebels to place Mellish as their President. When traveling back to the U.S. to obtain financial aid, he reunites with his activist ex-girlfriend and is exposed. In a classic courtroom scene, Mellish tries to defend himself from a series of incriminating witnesses, including a reigning Miss America and a middle-aged African-American woman who facetiously claims to be J. Edgar Hoover and is taken seriously by the whole court. One of the witnesses did provide testimony favorable to Mellish, but the court clerk twisted it to make him appear thoroughly dishonest. Mellish is eventually sentenced to prison, but his sentence is suspended on the condition that he does not move into the judge\'s neighborhood. Nancy then agrees to marry him. The film ends with the between-the-covers consummation of their marriage, an event that was over much more quickly than Nancy had anticipated. Like the opening scene, it was accompanied by Cosell providing commentary.'] ['{{Plot}} Larry Wilson  and Richard Parker  are two low-level employees at an insurance corporation in New York City who uncover a $2 million fraud involving multiple life insurance policies that were issued after the death of the insured. They take their findings to their boss Bernie Lomax , who commends them for discovering insurance fraud and invites them to his Hampton Island beach house for the following Labor Day weekend. Unbeknownst to Larry and Richard, Bernie is behind the fraud and nervously arranges with his mob partners to have them both killed that weekend and arrange it as a murder-suicide. However, the gangsters double cross Bernie and decide to have him killed instead, citing his reckless greed and his affair with the mob boss Vito\'s girlfriend as the motivation. Bernie arrives at the island before Larry and Richard and speaks to the appointed hitman Paulie  on the phone, to plan out the murders and establish an alibi, unaware that the entire conversation is being recorded on Bernie\'s answering machine. Bernie then writes a confession and plants cash implicating Larry and Richard in the insurance fraud. Paulie arrives, kills Bernie with heroin and plants it on him to make it appear as a drug overdose. When Larry and Richard arrive at the beach house, they find their boss unresponsive and are shocked to discover that he is dead. Before they can call the police, however, guests start arriving for a "floating" party that passes through Bernie\'s house every weekend. To Larry and Richard\'s amazement, the vast majority of people are too engrossed in their own partying to notice that their host is deceased, with Bernie\'s dark sunglasses and dopey grin from the fatal injection betraying his lifeless state. Fearing they will be implicated in their boss\'s death, Larry proposes that he and Richard maintain the facade, a notion that Richard finds absurd. Only the arrival of Richard\'s office crush, summer intern Gwen Saunders, convinces him to postpone notifying the police. After the party, Richard manages to take Gwen out on a romantic walk on the beach, but Bernie\'s body ends up being carried out by the tide and washes up next to them, prompting Richard to take the oblivious Gwen back to the house and conscript Larry into retrieving the corpse. Vito\'s girlfriend Tina suddenly arrives at the beach house, inebriated, infuriated, and convinced that Bernie has been cheating on her. She threatens Larry and Richard with a knife and they direct her to the upstairs bedroom, but remarkably, she also fails to realize that he is dead. At that same moment, another man from Vito\'s gang is seen spying on the house and witnesses the two of them supposedly making love. Fooled into thinking that Bernie\'s assassination failed, he immediately notifies Vito, who orders Paulie back to the house to finish the job. The next morning, Richard is appalled to discover that Larry is maintaining the illusion that Bernie is alive by manipulating his corpse. The two continually bicker about alerting the police until Richard, realizing that Larry is unwilling to do so, attempts to call the police himself but instead accidentally activates the phone message detailing the plot against them. Upon discovering the money and the note, they realize that alerting the police will implicate them. Unaware of the circumstances of Bernie\'s death, they mistakenly believing that they are still the targets of a mob hit, they decide to use Bernie\'s corpse as a prop for protection. Paulie, in the meantime, has returned to the island and strangles Bernie\'s corpse. The two make various attempts to leave the island, but Bernie\'s body becomes repeatedly misplaced and recovered in the process. They attempt to board the mainland ferry with Bernie in tow, but are too late to board; Paulie, unfortunately, sees them and assumes that Bernie has somehow survived. They attempt to leave using Bernie\'s speedboat, but the vessel runs out of fuel halfway through the trip and they are forced to swim back using Bernie\'s body as a floatation device. Gwen sees them return and angrily decides to confront Richard for his bizarre behavior. Paulie, becoming increasingly agitated and unhinged at the inexplicable "immortality" of Bernie, immediately charters a return to the island. At the house, Gwen confronts Larry and Richard, who break down and reveal that they had found Bernie dead right from the start, which horrifies her when she sees his corpse. At that moment, Paulie returns and empties a pistol into Bernie\'s chest immediately after entering the house. Once he realizes that the three are witnesses, he chases them through the house, firing wildly until he is forced to reload. Larry takes advantage and clumsily subdues him with a phone cord and a punch. The police eventually arrive to place Paulie under arrest for first degree murder, carting him off in a strait-jacket as he continues to insist Bernie is still alive. The film ends with Bernie being loaded into an ambulance. However, his gurney rolls away and topples off the boardwalk, dumping him onto the beach where a young boy comes along and starts to play by scooping buckets of sand over his body.'] ['Garfield is a fat cat who lives with his owner, Jon Arbuckle in a middle class American cul-de-sac. Garfield passes his time by harassing Jon and mocking a neighbor Doberman Pinscher, Luca. Aside from Jon, Garfield maintains an unlikely friendship with a mouse, Louis. He also interacts with and occasionally manipulates his fellow neighborhood cats, including the dimwitted Nermal and Garfield\'s romantic interest, Arlene . Meanwhile a local television host, Happy Chapman, known for his cat "Persnikitty" is introduced as supposedly a happy man, but in reality he is jealous of his brother Walter J. Chapman a news reporter, and wants to outwit him in success wise by performing on TV show Good Day New York. Jon has made a habit of bringing Garfield to the veterinarian, hoping to woo vet Dr. Liz Wilson. Jon tries to ask her out, but due to a misunderstanding, he is given custody of a stray dog, Odie. Regardless, Jon and Liz begin dating. Garfield is displeased at having to share the house with a dog, of whom Jon grows fond. Odie is brought to a canine talent show, where Liz is a judge. Garfield gets involved in a ruckus there with other animals, which moves Odie to the center of the ring, where he begins dancing to "Hey Mama" by The Black Eyed Peas. His impromptu performance is a hit. Happy Chapman, who also is a judge of the dog show is impressed with Odie, and offers Jon a television deal for Odie, but Jon declines leaving Happy to apparently be envious of Odie. After Garfield causes a mess inside Jon\'s house, Jon puts him outside, where Odie comes to comfort him. Garfield reacts by running inside and locking Odie out. Odie runs away, and is picked up by an elderly woman named Mrs. Baker. A distraught Jon works with Liz to search for him, while the neighborhood animals ridicule Garfield for what he did to Odie. Meanwhile, Chapman and his assistant find a "lost dog" found poster Mrs. Baker created, of Odie and recognizing the lucrative possibilities, claim Odie as Happy\'s own. When Garfield sees Odie on television and hears Chapman announce he and Odie are going to New York City by train for a big performance on Good Day New York, Garfield, realizing his selfishness, vows to intervene. Garfield leaves his house on a rescue mission for Odie. At Chapman\'s studio at Telegraph Tower, Garfield finds Odie captive in a room; Chapman enters and secures a shock collar to Odie, which, when activated, releases an electric discharge that forces him to perform tricks. Chapman heads for the train station, with Garfield in pursuit. However, an animal control officer snags Garfield as a runaway before he can reach Odie. Meanwhile, Jon contacts Mrs. Baker through her poster, and is told Odie\'s real owner had already retrieved him. Garfield is sprung from the pound by Chapman\'s abandoned feline star, Persnikitty who turns out to be actually named as Sir Roland. At the train station, while the P.A. saying that the Texas Eagle is going to Dallas and San Antonio, Texas, Chapman boards the train, with Odie in the luggage car. Garfield arrives only to see the train depart. As the train speeds away from the station, and seeing a child with a toy train engine  makes Garfield remembers that his train set at home is similar, so he sneaks into the control room and attempts to stop Odie\'s train. The tracks get rearranged, leading to an impending train wreck. Garfield hits an emergency control and causes Chapman\'s train to return. Garfield frees Odie and they exit the train. However Chapman notices them walk out and gives chase. Chapman corners the two, and threatens Odie with the shock collar, but is greeted by the pound animals, led by Sir Roland. They swarm and attack Chapman, allowing for Odie to escape. Chapman gets up to find the shock collar has been placed on his own neck, from which he receives two powerful jolts. Jon and Liz arrive to reclaim the animals and find Chapman off-balance. Jon punches Chapman for stealing Odie, and leaves with Liz and the two animals. Chapman is arrested for his supposed involvement with the trains, as well as for abducting Odie. Garfield regains the trust of his animal friends. Back at home, Liz kisses Jon, while Garfield seems to have learned about friendship, love and not to envy others. He then shoves Odie off his chair repeatedly. The film closes with Garfield singing and dancing to James Brown\'s "I Got You". He does a split and can\'t get it back up without help.'] ['The film begins with a parody of The Da Vinci Code. Lucy , finds that her adopted father , a museum curator, has been attacked by Silas ([[Kevin Hart . Before dying, he gives clues which lead her to a "Golden Ticket" in a vending machine candy bar. Edward  lives at a Mexican monastery. Ignacio  becomes enraged at Edward\'s displeasure at the living conditions and has him thrown out the window. On the way Edward grabs a Monk\'s "Golden Ticket." Next, the film introduces Susan . She is going to Namibia to meet her new adoptive parents. While she orders water, snakes come out and hijack the plane. Samuel L. Jackson  pops up and starts repeatedly saying "I have had it with these God damn snakes on this God damn plane!" and then throws Susan out of the plane so that she would be safe. Susan falls on Paris Hilton and finds her "Golden Ticket" in Paris\' purse. Then the film introduces Peter ([[Adam Campbell , a mutant. He asks Mystique  to come with him to the homecoming dance. Peter is bullied by Mystique\'s boyfriend, Wolverine  and the Headmaster, Magneto . As Magneto wills a locker door to open and knock Peter to the ground, another student\'s "Golden Ticket" falls onto Peter\'s chest. All four meet up at Willy\'s Chocolate Factory. Willy  reveals he plans to use them all as the \'special ingredient\' in the treats . In an effort to hide from the maniacal Willy, Lucy soon finds a wardrobe. On the other side, in the middle of a wintry forest, she finds Mr. Tumnus . He welcomes Lucy to Gnarnia. Feeling a burst of compassion, he manages to warn Lucy of the danger she is in. Edward follows Lucy to Gnarnia and meets the White Bitch . She convinces him to trap the other orphans and he can be the king of Gnarnia in her White Castle. All four main characters makes his or her way to Mr. Tumnus\' house, where the orphans discover that they are all related to one another, and that the White Bitch killed their parents. They ally themselves with Harry Beaver , Tumnus\' life partner. While this is occurring, Peter dreams that he is Superman, but in the dream he gets shot in the eye and falls off a building. Edward sneaks off to the White Bitch\'s castle. Despite realizing she intends evil, the White Bitch flashes Edward her breasts, hypnotizing him into giving up the information on the orphans; he is then imprisoned. The White Bitch sends Silas after the trio; Tumnus sacrifices himself to ensure their safety. They end up meeting a graying Harry Potter , along with a balding Ron Weasley , and a pregnant Hermione Granger  in Hogwarts. They all help Lucy, Susan, and Peter train for the war against the White Bitch. It\'s soon revealed she plans to create a new continent for her followers via a magic crystal; she acknowledges this is the same plot as Superman Returns. Edward escapes with the assistance of Captain Jack Swallows, only to find out later that it was a ruse as the Captain tricks needed intelligence out of Edward. Jack is then stabbed by the White Bitch as the crystal is lost in the ocean, putting the witch\'s plan in motion. Upon finishing their training, Lucy, Susan, and Peter, head to the camp of Aslo . Aslo agrees to help Edward in exchange for a foursome and a Dutch oven. Managing to kill Silas while breaking Edward out, Aslo is slain by the White Bitch. Despite this, they have a pre-battle party, during which Peter and Mystique  make love. Susan gets drunk and vomits everywhere; this so disgusts their new army that nobody shows up to help the orphans the next day. Despite the presence of a revenge-craving Jack on a giant wooden wheel, the four siblings are easily dispatched. Peter is about to be slain when he finds the remote from the movie Click, using the device\'s reality altering powers to save his siblings; they kill the army and erase the White Bitch\'s plot. Though the others attempt to kill her while frozen, Peter declares the White Bitch will receive a fair and just trial in the new Gnarnia. Moments later, Jack\'s wheel crushes her. The four are crowned the new rulers of the land: Peter the Heroic, Susan the Just, Edward the Loyal, and Lucy the Dumbshit. Tumnus then shows up; he is still recovering from his battle with Silas. Decades later, the four now elderly rulers find the way home and stumble through. They appear moments after they had left, now young again. Borat congratulates them on a happy ending; the four are then smashed to death by Jack\'s wheel, with Borat following with "NOT!" before smacking his rump at the audience.  The unrated, longer version  of the film features some scenes not shown in the theatrical version. For example, Willy Wonka comes in and says "I told you it was going to be an epic adventure". Willy Wonka then goes in the wardrobe and puts out a "do not disturb" sign that refers to the girl in the wardrobe. The Oompa-Loompas come in and start singing the Willy Wonka theme song. The four are then crushed by the wheel. Also, during the scene where Lucy is crushed under the junk that falls out of the "Narnia" closet, the girl who runs out is nude, as opposed to wearing a bikini. In the Snakes on a Plane scene, when the Samuel L. Jackson lookalike yells, he replaces "God damn" with "motherfuckin\'."'] ['The plot involves the team as a travelling two-man band selling "gas pills" in gas-short, wartime America.'] ['After Lars ([[Lee Evans  and Ernie’s  string manufacturer father Rudolf ([[William Hickey  dies, they go over his will in his now-outdated factory, where they find out that he left them a handful of personal items, one of them being a deed to a debt-ridden mansion. Representatives from a company called Zeppco International offer to buy the factory from Lars after being turned down several times by Rudolf, but he refuses their offer after remembering his father giving him and Ernie his lucky piece of string and made a promise to him to never sell the factory. He is later kicked out of his house by his self-centered, money-hungry wife April  after she discovers this. Meanwhile, Ernie serves Mayor McKrinkle  at his restaurant Chez Ernie, but the mayor soon suffers a heart attack after accidentally consuming a cockroach found in his dish. As a result, Ernie loses his restaurant and home. He then reconciles with Lars at a diner and they both decide to investigate the mansion, since they do not have anywhere else to live. While sleeping there, they find blueprints of the mansion, which show that is built in 1876 by the famous architect Charles Lyle LaRue. As it was the last house built by him and until now considered a mere rumour, the mansion is dubbed “The Missing LaRue”. Alexander Falko , a LaRue item collector, attempts to make a $10 million offer on the house; Ernie, however, convinces Lars that they will make a lot of money if they restore and auction the mansion. However, they soon discover that they only have two days left to pay the house\'s $1,200 mortgage before the bank forecloses on it. As the brothers begin renovating the mansion, they realize that the house already has an occupant, an intelligent mouse. Fearing an incident similar to the cockroach incident, Ernie and Lars decide to get rid of the mouse. They begin a series of increasingly aggressive and comical attempts to kill the mouse, all of which fail when the mouse sabotages their efforts, also causing comic harm to the brothers after each failure. In one attempt, Ernie and Lars go to an animal shelter where they adopt a mentally-ill cat named Catzilla. However, Catzilla is subdued by the mouse after it corners him in a dumbwaiter and gnaws the rope, causing Catzilla to fall and end up trapped at the very bottom of the shaft, where he presumably eventually dies of his injuries. The brothers then hire an eccentric exterminator, Mr. Caesar  to kill the mouse. This attempt also fails, when Caesar ultimately falls victim to a master-trap set by the mouse and is driven insane with rage at his first ever failure. Lars reconciles with April when she hears about the upcoming auction from the brothers\' lawyer. Ernie, meanwhile, discovers the Zeppco documents in the factory\'s office and contacts the same representatives who Lars turned down to meet with them in the town square and discuss selling the factory, but he flirts with two Belgian hair models, Ingrid and Hilde, and loses his hat. He ends up struck by a bus while retrieving it, ironically just as the representatives arrive, but his injuries are minor and he is allowed to leave when Lars picks him up. The brothers return home as Caesar is taken away by paramedics, and another battle with the mouse begins, which results in Ernie being blasted out of the chimney and into a frozen lake in a ball of fire. Completely berserk, Ernie grabs a shotgun and fires at the mouse, missing each time and causing the floor to collapse by accidentally shooting a bug bomb previously dropped by Caesar. Zeppco, by answering machine, declines their offer to buy the company, and the brothers argue about betrayal - Ernie is angry that Lars turned down Zeppco\'s first offer without consulting him first, while Lars is angered that Ernie was willing to sell the factory without telling him. The argument eventually shifts towards the subject of their father, who always favoured Lars over Ernie because Lars was the elder brother, and Ernie\'s bitterness about never winning their father\'s approval before his death. At the height of their arguments, Lars throws an orange at Ernie, who dodges, and it hits the mouse, knocking it unconscious. The brothers attempt to finish it off with a shovel, but cannot bring themselves to harm the defenseless creature. Instead, they put the mouse in a box and mail the box to Fidel Castro in Cuba. Elated at being rid of the mouse, the brothers quickly reconcile and work together to repair the house and prepare it for the auction after April pays the mortgage. Unfortunately, during the auction, Lars discovers the mouse’s parcel, which was returned due to insufficient postage, with a hole chewed through it. As the auction begins, Lars and Ernie once more try to kill the mouse. In one, final, desperate attempt, they feed a hose into a hole in a wall to try and flush the mouse out. This backfires horribly when the water fills the spaces between the walls of the house just as the auctioner bids $25 million. Those present for the auction are washed outside when the walls around them collapse, and despite Ernie\'s attempts to convince them to stay, they leave as the house collapses, including April, who leaves Lars and goes off with a particularly rich bidder from the auction. The brothers\' only consolation is the fact that the mouse is most likely finally dead. The brothers return to the factory and sleep there. However, the seemingly indestructible mouse has followed them and manages to make a ball of string cheese by dropping a slab of cheese into the wax receptacle. Ernie and Lars end their war with the mouse, taking its suggestion for the future of the factory. The dying factory becomes a success as it is now manufacturing string cheese, with Ernie and the mouse working together to create new blends, and apparently forming romantic relationships with Ingrid and Hilde. The closing scene shows the portrait of Rudolf Smuntz beaming, his lucky piece of string framed and hung beside the portrait, with the quotation "A world without string is chaos."'] ['A man who claims to be Santa Claus  arrives at the Orlando International Airport in Florida. Ernest P. Worrell  is working as a taxi driver. He takes a passenger to the airport, but speeds and the passenger falls out of the taxi. Ernest later picks up Santa Claus, who tells Ernest that he is on his way to inform a local celebrity named Joe Carruthers  that he has been chosen to be the new Santa Claus. Carruthers hosts a children\'s program named Uncle Joey\'s Treehouse in the Orlando area similar to Mister Rogers\' Neighborhood with emphasis on manners and integrity with the catchphrase "They never get old. They always stay new. Those three little words, Please and Thank You.". While they are driving, a runaway teenage girl  who says she is named Harmony Starr joins Ernest and Santa in the cab. When they get to their destination, Santa possesses no legal currency , so in his giving Christmas spirit, Ernest lets him ride for free. The decision gets Ernest fired from his job. Back at the taxi garage, Ernest discovers that Santa left his magic sack behind in the cab, and Ernest begins a quest to find the old man and return it to him. Santa arrives at the Orlando Children\'s Museum to talk to Joe, but is interrupted and rebuffed by Joe\'s agent Marty Brock. Marty misunderstands Santa\'s name, thinking he said "Mr. Santos," and continues to call him by that name, even when Santa tells him his real name. Santa begins to worry as he then discovers he lost his sack, and becomes more discouraged as he realizes he is becoming forgetful in his old age . Joe does not believe Santa\'s story and Marty has Santa arrested. Meanwhile, Ernest goes over to his friend Vern\'s house to put up a Christmas tree, much to Vern\'s distress . Ernest poses as Astor Clement, an employee of the governor and Harmony as the governor\'s niece Mindy, and the two help Santa escape from jail by convincing the police chief that Santa believing that he is Santa Claus is "infectious insanity" and he must be taken to solitary confinement. Ernest disguises himself as an Apopka snake rancher  who sneaks Santa into a movie studio and speaks to a security guard about delivering the snakes to people who direct horror films. Meanwhile, Marty presses Joe to quit his children\'s job, shave his beard, and instead land a part in a horror film titled Christmas Slay a movie about an alien which terrorizes a bunch of children on Christmas Eve which offends Santa so deeply he punches the director in the eye. Santa tracks down Joe at his home, but Joe finally tells Santa, "Thanks...no thanks." Later on, however, Joe is overcome by conscience when the director of the movie wants him to use foul language, which he refuses to say in front of the kids on the set. Ernest and Harmony  discover the magic power of Santa\'s sack, and immediately Pamela starts to abuse it. She steals the sack, and attempts to run away yet again. On Christmas Eve, however, her conscience prevails, and she rushes back to find Ernest and Santa and return the sack. Eventually, Joe finds Santa on Christmas Eve at the Children\'s Museum and accepts the job. For the first year, however, Ernest gets to drive the sleigh. The film ends with, "Merry Christmas To All And To All A Good Night," followed by a sleigh dash that spells, KnowWhatIMean?, one of Ernest\'s catchphrases.'] ["Henpecked Stan and Ollie have been secretly saving for a night on the town away from the wives. When Stan's wife discovers the scheme, she replaces Stan's hidden loot with cigar coupons. The boys are unable to settle a huge restaurant bill, and their evening ends in a pie-throwing brawl in the restaurant's kitchen."] ["After serving in Europe during World War II, Herbie Brown  and Slicker Smith  return to the United States aboard a troop ship. Also onboard is their old sergeant, Collins . As the ship nears New York, Collins and his superiors search the men's belongings for contraband. A six-year old French orphan, Evey , whom Herbie and Slicker befriended, is found in Herbie's duffle bag. She is handed over to Lieutenant Sylvia Hunter  who delivers her to immigration officials in New York. However, during a shift change at the office, Evey is mistaken for a neighborhood kid and set free. Meanwhile, Herbie and Slicker are back to their pre-war occupation of peddling ties in Times Square. Collins is back at his old job as well, as a police officer assigned to the same beat. He is about to arrest the boys when Evey shows up and helps them escape. Herbie and Slicker attempt to adopt Evey, but are told that one of them must be married and have a steady income. Evey suggests that Herbie marry Sylvia. They show up at her apartment, but learn that Sylvia already has a boyfriend, Bill Gregory ([[Tom Brown . Bill is a midget car racer. He is sure he will win the $20,000 prize at the Gold Cup Stakes, but his car is being held at a local garage until past due bills are paid. Herbie and Slicker use their separation pay and loans from their old service pals to get the car out of hock. Collins, however, has other plans. He stakes out the garage in hopes of catching them and returning Evey to the immigration authorities to get himself back in good favor with his boss. He eventually chases them to the track, where Herbie gets in Bill's race car and leads everyone on a wild chase through the streets of New York. Herbie is eventually caught, but not before the head of an automobile company is impressed enough to order twenty cars and 200 engines. With his financial future secure, Bill can now marry Sylvia and adopt Evey. Slicker and Herbie will be allowed to visit Evey if they get jobs. Collins' captain suggests that they join the police force, which they do...with Collins as their instructor!"] ['{{Plot}} The movie begins with Gilligan and the Skipper in their hut. It then shows a satellite belonging to an unidentified country  experiencing technical problems. The scientists controlling the satellite attempt to destroy the disc by launching it into space. This disc holds some very important, top secret information. Seconds later, the satellite blows up. The metal disc from the satellite is not destroyed, instead making it through the Earth\'s atmosphere and landing right at the edge of the lagoon eventually being found by Gilligan himself. After Gilligan shows him the disc, the Professor realizes that the unique alloy can be used to make a barometer. While using the new barometer, the Professor makes an educated guess that they are going to be hit by a tsunami of such magnitude, it will destroy the island . The Professor has the castaways maneuver three huts together and secure them to one another  hoping they might stand a chance at surviving the killer wave. When the castaways awaken the next morning, they realize that the Professor\'s prediction had come true- they had been swept off the island and their lashed together huts had become a makeshift raft. They use clothes donated by the Howells to make a sail, and try to make their way to land. In an attempt to broil a snapper he had caught, Gilligan makes a fire on the deck, and as Gilligan normally does, he walked away and left the fire unattended while he told the gang the good news about the cooking fish. Unfortunately for Gilligan, the fire begins to spread out of control. At first, angry at Gilligan for doing another one of his stupid stunts, the castaways are then grateful when the United States Coast Guard spots the smoke and rescues them. After being towed to Hawaii, the castaways names are announced to the anxious crowds. Most of the cast\'s full names are recited, but a bullhorn obscures part of the first mate\'s name, and all that is heard is "Gilligan". The crew, at first, are confused by modern life. They are informed that the President is now Jimmy Carter, and that they had missed the presidencies of Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford. After a ton of hoopla and media hype, including not only the key to the city but also a ticker tape parade in their honor, the group hug it out and move on to begin their new lives apart agreeing though to meet again at Christmas aboard the S.S. Minnow II. During the interview on TV after the ticker tape parade, the powers that be of the unknown country are made aware that Gilligan is in possession of the recording disc from their satellite. Determined to recover it, they send two spies to try to get it from Gilligan, by any means necessary. The Skipper and Gilligan are next seen hard at work, refurbishing the S. S. Minnow II. However, the insurance company informs them that they will not be able to get a settlement unless their former passengers sign a statement testifying that the Skipper was not responsible for the shipwreck. First they find Ginger. She is making a movie, and is upset at the changes in Hollywood in the last 15 years. She is told that sex and swearing are what makes a movie successful, and that nothing else matters. The director overhears Gilligan talking about some of the recent movies that had neither sex nor swearing, and quickly decides that acting is what really matters. Ginger signs the insurance statement, and the Skipper and Gilligan go off to find The Professor. The Professor is trying to get back into research and is busying himself in his lab conducting experiments. First, four cheerleaders enter the lab and inform him that he has been selected as the Home Coming King and they belt out a cheer they have created for this special occasion. He attempts to rebuff them but they insist that he must accept as all the women on campus are "into him" and he is so "macho", words that are clearly alien to him. He finally agrees just to get them to leave his lab and allow him to get back to his experiments. Second, a Miss Ainsworth from the Anthropology department enters and asks him if he had been witness to any tribal courtship rituals as her department had a vested interest in them. He assures her he has witnessed some and one in particular had the natives sharing a straw while drinking coconut milk. She then gives into her obvious attraction for the Professor and bends him over and begins kissing him passionately. She only really stops when Gilligan and the Skipper knock and enter his lab, whereby she drops the Professor to the ground and hastily makes her exit. And then finally, after Gilligan has been misdirected by the Professor and knocks over a fake experiment, the Professor introduces them to his latest inventions- the frisbee and the skateboard. As Gilligan is amusing himself on the skateboard, the Dean of the college enters the lab and is immediately run into by Gilligan. After the Skipper and Gilligan leave, the Dean tries to get the Professor to stop his research and teaching to concentrate on fund-raising. Later, the former castaways agree that things were much simpler on the island, and the Professor signs the insurance statement. Next they go to meet the Howells. They are having dinner with old friends, and are trying to find their way back into their old financial and social circles. The Howells are delighted when the Skipper and Gilligan arrive unannounced to get the insurance statement signed. The Howells introduce them to their upper class social friends before going into the library to discuss matters. However, over the intercom they overhear their rich "friends" making insults toward Gilligan and the Skipper. The Howells angrily throw their supposed friends out of their house and off their property. It is apparent that the Howells have grown substantially during their time on the island and they too sign the insurance statement willingly. The Skipper and Gilligan go see Mary Ann. After 15 years, she is set to marry her fiancé, Herbert. However, she is sad for some reason, and her best friend Cindy tries to console her. Mary Ann explains that she and Herbert have both changed over the course of 15 years and she no longer loves him. Cindy says she should call off the wedding but Mary Ann insists she must do the right thing and marry Herbert as he has waited so many years for her. Again unannounced, the Skipper and Gilligan show up looking for a signature for the insurance statement. Mary Ann is thrilled to see them but they notice she is quite unhappy. She brushes it off and asks them to stay for the wedding. . For whatever reason, Mary Ann\'s best friend Cindy, confides her true feelings regarding Herbert, and his for her, to Gilligan and the Skipper. They decide that they must "save" Mary Ann from making a huge mistake so they grab a tractor pulling an old wooden wheeled wagon laden with watermelon and proceed to "scoop" Mary Ann out of the arms of Herbert. Subsequently the two spies  and all the male guests begin running after what is clearly the slowest tractor ever and almost catch the threesome until Gilligan ingeniously hurls a single watermelon into the group and they tumble over like a perfect strike! Then the Skipper joins in and the men continue to slip and slide and trip over themselves in their attempt to go after them. Meanwhile, as Mary Ann contemplates how to break the news to Herbert without breaking his heart, in the background you can hear the traditional wedding music that is played as the married couple have their first kiss and we see Herbert and Cindy are that kissing couple. Suffice it to say, Mary Ann is out of her predicament and the Skipper gets his insurance statement signed. Eventually the insurance company pays for the S. S. Minnow, and the castaways and crew are ready for a cruise on the S. S. Minnow II. The spies make one last attempt to get the disc, but are thwarted at the last minute by the FBI. Finally, the cruise gets under way. However, just like 15 years before, the S. S. Minnow II is caught in a storm, , because while cleaning the compass, dear old Gilligan had rendered it useless by removing the dirty old piece of metal , thereby causing the Skipper to sail for hours in the wrong direction, putting them way out to sea. Consequently they were so off course after the storm they had no idea where they were. When the storm had finally subsided, the group are seen pulling themselves from the water onto a beach, thankful that they are alive. After getting some not-so-happy looks by the rest of the gang, Gilligan high tails it into the jungle. As the others talk of how they have no idea where they are, Gilligan returns to say he does and shows them a piece of wood from the S.S. Minow. The group react in shock to realize they landed right back on the same island and when Glligan says "we\'re home," the Skipper chases him into the lagoon.'] ['Sewage workers Gordie Boggs  and Sean Dawkins  watch their favorite wrestler, WCW World Heavyweight Champion Jimmy King  cheated out of the title by Diamond Dallas Page , a corrupt WCW promoter named Titus Sinclair , and DDP\'s partners. After the match, the two wrestling fans humorously express their rage in their septic truck, resulting in a car crash. After this event, Gordie believes that the car crash was fate and that they should make Jimmy King once again World Champion. Sean agrees to help Gordie, and the dimwitted duo go on a quest to put their King back on his throne. The next day, Gordie asks a friend to find out where the washed-up wrestler lives. Their friend succeeds, and they go to an unexpected-looking neighborhood. They find King\'s estranged wife  and later his parents . The parents tell them that King borrowed their mobile home, and never returned it. The duo find King and become over-excited. They have a conversation, and when King says that he gives up on wrestling, Gordie and Sean anger him to the point where he suddenly attacks the two boys. The boys encourage King to beat them up, which influenced him to return to wrestling. Then Gordie and Sean are knocked out when Jimmy King does his finishing move. The two boys wake up the next day when Jimmy King drips beer on their faces. Later that day, the trio go on a road trip. Gordie sends letters to his father, who wanted Gordie to follow in his footsteps to be a policeman, but Gordie says that he will not join him in a policeman test, making him frustrated. Gordie, King, and Sean go to the WCW arena where they hide King in a porter potty and they meet one of the Nitro Girls, Sasha . When DDP mocks Jimmy King on camera, King comes out of the porter potty and beats him up. Sinclair, therefore, declares a Triple Cage match for the WCW World Heavyweight Championship plus a $1,000,000 cash prize. However, if King loses, he will never wrestle again. They take King to his wife\'s home. Sasha is impressed by Gordie, and they go to her apartment. Jimmy King is in deep need of a trainer. They go to a local training center, where King meets his former partner, Bill Goldberg. They also find Sal Bandini , who beats up King. He is then hired as their trainer, but he becomes hospitalized when Sid Vicious and Perry Saturn attack him that night. Gordie finds out that Sasha has been spying on them for Titus and breaks up with her. When they try to get a new partner for King, Gordie\'s father comes along, gets Gordie and convinces him that his dream of working with Jimmy King was stupid. When Gordie was at home, Sean and King tried to bust him out, but Gordie refused . But the next day, Gordie comes at an entourage audition and is thanked by King for everything Gordie did for him. No one, however, was able to make the cut, and so King has to face DDP alone. Initially King is alone, but after he gets a horrible beatdown by DDP and his goons starting with King\'s own son, Goldberg, Booker T, Billy Kidman, Disco Inferno come to his aid but aren\'t able to get into the cage until Gordie shows up and crashes a motorcycle through the cage door. Gordie and the others deal with DDP\'s posse and defeat them while King and DDP climb the cage to get the belt. Sasha tries to get back together with Gordie as the fans love him, but is knocked out by a ladder being swung around during the match after not listening to Sean\'s warning. DDP manages to throw King back to the mat, but is knocked back there himself by Sting. The two climb to the top again and fight it out and King manages to defeat DDP, throwing him through the cages to the mat, knocking him out. King retrieves the belt and is once again champion. After this, Sinclair is booed by the fans then beaten up by Sean and Gordie who toss him to the fans who beat him up some more. Goldberg later asks King to re-team with him, but the new champ announces his new partner will be Gordie and their manager will be Sean. Gordie\'s father watches the match on TV and after seeing how good Gordie is, accepts Gordie\'s choice and even cheers for him. The epilogue shows Sean telling kids "dreams can come true" back at the convenience store, where Gordie and Goldberg teach the clerk a lesson by hurling him out on the street for being mean to kids. All ends happily as the heroes ride off in a stretch Hummer , together with Sal, now fully recovered in a hot tub with beautiful women and ends it by saying "God bless America".'] ['The Great Wooley  is a magician who is entertaining GIs in Japan. Upon their arrival, he causes a series of unfortunate mishaps for the headliner, actress Lola Livingston , including tearing her dress, knocking her down a flight of stairs, and rolling her up in the red carpet. An orphan, Mitsuo Watanabe  witnesses the spectacle and laughs for the first time since his parents died. When his aunt Kimi Sikita  brings the boy to Wooley to thank him, he and the boy become close, which irritates the aunt\'s boyfriend, a Japanese baseball player, as well as a USO liaison  who has fallen for Wooley. Wooley doesn\'t want to disappoint the boy by letting him find out that he has been a total flop, so he tries to sneak away when it is time for him to return to America. The boy follows him, and Wooley must pretend that he no longer cares for the boy, which makes him cry. However, he still follows him to America by stowing away on the plane. Once in America, they are reunited and Wooley is accused of kidnapping "Mitzi" who is then returned to Japan. Wooley follows in the same way that "Mitzi" did but is "smarter" by hiding in a specially marked trunk but must be rescued after it falls off the baggage train after which Mr. Wooley decides to stay and become a successful performer of magic in Japan.'] ["Tom Stansfield  is a researcher at a publishing company who works under the tyrannical Jack Taylor . Tom has a crush on his boss' daughter, Lisa Taylor , who is completely controlled by her overprotective father. She reveals to Tom that her father is making her house-sit on the same night as a party she wants to attend, but Tom convinces her to stand up to her father and attend the party anyway. Lisa asks him to come to their house that night, leading Tom to think that she has invited him to the party; in reality, she just wants him to fill in for her - he reluctantly agrees. A comedy of errors ensues, including the return of Lisa's older brother, Red, on the run from drug dealers. Red dumps drugs into the toilet, and instead returns a bag of flour to the drug dealer. One of Tom's tasks is to guard their owl, O-J, which lives in an open cage . When the bird drinks from the toilet polluted with drugs, it flies away. Jack Taylor's ex-secretary Audrey goes to the house to try to earn her job back. After fighting with her boyfriend, she stays over at the house. Lisa returns home after finding out that her boyfriend Hans is cheating on her. Tom hides from her everything that happened and she spends some time with him thinking he is homosexual. He clarifies to her that he's a heterosexual and she starts to like him. Audrey's friend thinks she has breast cancer and asks Tom to feel her breasts. Lisa walks in on them and is disgusted by the situation. T.J., the drug dealer, finds out about the fake drugs and threatens to kill Tom if he doesn't return him his money. T.J. tries to open a safe and steal the money. However, Tom gives him sleeping pills mixed with alcohol which sends him into a coma. Because they think T.J. is dead, Audrey and her friends bury him. Later, T.J. escapes from the grave and threatens to kill Lisa. With Red's help, Tom rescues Lisa and she falls in love with him. He then goes to get her father, but on the way back the owl gets into the car making Tom lose control of the car and crash into the house. They find police officers in the house looking for T.J., who ends up getting arrested. Jack Taylor is enraged by the damages done to the house and throws Tom out. The next day, Jack Taylor hears his son explaining to Lisa how she should stand up to their father and goes back to Tom. Jack realizes his mistakes and gives Tom a promotion."] ['{{plot}} The film opens with Larry Talbot  making an urgent call from London to a Florida railway station where Chick Young  and Wilbur Grey  work as baggage-clerks. Talbot tries to impart to Wilbur the danger of a shipment to the "McDougal House Of Horrors"  which purportedly contain the actual bodies of Count Dracula  and the Frankenstein Monster . However, before he is able, a full moon rises and Talbot becomes The Wolf Man and the call disconnects. Wilbur, thinking the call is just a crank, continues on with his work day. Immediately thereafter, the actual Mr. McDougal  shows up to claim the shipments and, fearing them damaged whenever Wilbur and Chick mishandle them, demands that the crates be delivered in person so his insurance agent can inspect them. When Chick and Wilbur get to McDougal\'s "House Of Horrors", they open the first crate and find a coffin with "Dracula" inscribed on the front. When Chick leaves to retrieve the second crate, Wilbur witnesses Dracula awaken and tries to get Chick\'s attention. But when Chick returns with the second crate, Dracula hides just in time to go unnoticed. After Chick leaves again to greet McDougal and the insurance agent, Dracula hypnotizes Wilbur and re-animates Frankenstein\'s Monster. McDougal and the insurance agent  arrive again too late to witness anything. Finding the storage crates empty, McDougal accuses the boys of theft and has them arrested. That night, Dr. Sandra Mornay  receives Dracula and the Monster at her island castle. Sandra, a gifted surgeon who has studied Dr. Frankenstein\'s notebooks, has been posing as Wilbur\'s girlfriend as part of Dracula\'s scheme to replace the Monster\'s brutish brain with a more pliable one — Wilbur\'s. Wilbur and Chick are bailed out of jail and mistakenly believe Sandra to be their benefactor. It is actually Joan Raymond , who is secretly working for the insurance company that is processing McDougal\'s claim, and hopes Wilbur will lead her to the missing "exhibits". Meanwhile, Larry Talbot has taken the apartment across the hall from Wilbur and Chick. He has tracked Dracula and the Monster from Europe and knows them to be alive. Talbot asks Chick and Wilbur to help him find and destroy Dracula and the Monster. The next day, Joan Raymond comes to Chick and Wilbur\'s apartment and feigns love for Wilbur. Wilbur, not expecting the favor but embracing it, invites Joan to the masquerade ball that evening. That night, Wilbur, Chick and Joan go to Sandra\'s castle to pick her up for the ball. While the ladies powder their noses, Wilbur answers a telephone call from someone wanting to speak to a \'Dr Leighos\'. It is Talbot, who informs them that they are in fact in the "House of Dracula". Wilbur reluctantly agrees to search the castle with Chick, and soon stumbles upon an underground passageway, complete with boat and dock. Chick insists they search for Dracula and the Monster in an attempt to prove to Wilbur that they do not really exist. Wilbur experiences a few close calls when he is confronted by the monsters and every time he tries to show them to Chuck they have disappeared. Meanwhile, Joan has discovered Dr. Frankenstein\'s notebook in Sandra\'s bureau and Sandra has discovered Joan\'s insurance company employee I.D. in her purse. After the women re-join the men, a suavely dressed Dr. Leighos,  descends the castle stairs and introduces himself to Joan and the boys. Also working at the castle is the naive Prof. Stevens , who questions some of the specialized equipment that has arrived. After Wilbur admits that he was in the basement, Sandra feigns a headache and tells Wilbur and the others that they will have to go to the ball without her. In private, Sandra admits that Stevens\' questions, Joan\'s credentials, and Wilbur\'s curiosity in the basement have made her nervous enough to put the experiment on hold. Impatient, Dracula asserts his will by hypnotizing her, biting her in the throat, and making her his vampire slave. At the ball, the boys encounter Talbot and McDougal just as Dracula and Sandra rejoin the group. Dracula, when confronted by Talbot, easily deflects accusations that he is "the real thing" by insisting that it\'s only his costume and he is not actually Dracula. While Dracula takes Joan for a dance, Sandra lures Wilbur to a quiet spot in the woods. Before she can move in and bite him, Chick and Larry approach and she flees. As they search for Joan, Talbot transforms into the Wolf Man and stalks Wilbur. Wilbur escapes, but the Wolf Man finds and injures McDougal. Noting that Chick has brought a wolf mask as his costume to the ball, McDougal concludes that it was Chick who actually attacked him out of revenge. Chick manages to slip away, only to witness Dracula hypnotizing Wilbur. Chick is then also hypnotized and rendered helpless while Dracula and Sandra bring Wilbur and Joan back to the castle. The next morning, Chick and Talbot meet and Talbot tells Chick that he is the Wolf Man. After Chick explains to him that Dracula has taken Wilbur and Joan to the island they agree to work together to rescue them. While Wilbur is being held in a pillory, Sandra finally explains to him the plan to transplant his brain into the Monster. She and Dracula leave him to prepare the Monster for the operation. Chick and Talbot arrive to rescue Wilbur, but in an attempt to escape Dracula hypnotizes Wilbur into coming back. Wilbur who is now strapped to a slab witnesses Dracula giving the Monster electrical boosts in the lab. Just as Sandra prepares to open Wilbur\'s skull, Talbot and Chick storm in. Talbot struggles with Sandra and casts her aside. Chick knocks out Sandra and runs out of the lab to make Dracula leave so Talbot can save Wilbur. Just as Talbot is about to untie Wilbur, he once again transforms into the Wolf Man. Dracula returns to the lab to find the Wolf Man there and flees, with the Wolf Man giving chase. Chick arrives to untie Wilbur just as the Monster, now at full power, breaks his own restraints and rises from his stretcher. Sandra attempts to order him back, but the Monster defiantly throws her out the lab window to her death. Chick and Wilbur try to escape with the Monster hot on their trail. After trying to fight off the Wolf Man with little success, Dracula attempts to escape and transforms into a bat, but the Wolf Man snares him then grab him and fall down to the sea below .Joan abruptly wakes from her trance, while the boys escape the castle and head to the pier with the Monster in pursuit. Wilbur succeeds in untying the boat, while Stevens and Joan arrive and set the pier ablaze. The Monster turns around and marches into the flames, succumbing as the pier collapses into the water. Just as Chick and Wilbur relax, Wilbur scolds Chick for not believing him. After Chick tells him he will believe him from now on, they hear a disembodied voice  and see a cigarette floating in the air. The voice says: "Allow me to introduce myself, I\'m the Invisible Man!" The boys jump off the boat and swim away while the Invisible Man lights his cigarette and laughs as the final scene comes to a close.'] ["Laurel and Hardy are seated at a dockside where Stan is fishing. Ollie sees a notice in a newspaper which says one Ebeneezer Laurel has died and left a large estate. Parties interested in the estate should go to the Laurel mansion for the reading of the will. Stan can't remember if Ebeneezer is a relative or not but they decide to go to the mansion anyway. They arrive during a thunderstorm and discover that Ebeneezer had been murdered and that the police had placed the notice in the newspaper to draw all of the relatives together to find out who committed the crime. Stan and Ollie are shown to a bedroom to sleep overnight, which is the room in which Ebeneezer was murdered. They hear a strange noise and in the darkness see a pair of eyes which turns out to be a cat. They then hear a scream and decide to investigate. Meanwhile the butler is calling all of the relatives to a study telling them they have a phone call. After lifting the handset of the phone a trapdoor opens into which each relative disappears. Stan and Ollie return to their bedroom and get into the bed but a bat has flown into their room and is under their covers, which causes them to panic and run downstairs. All of the other relatives have now disappeared and the butler calls Stan and Ollie to take a telephone call in the study. Oliver takes the call and falls through the trapdoor and the murderer (a man dressed in [[drag  appears through a secret door with a knife. A fight ensues but then Stan and Ollie both wake up from a dream, fighting over Stan's fishing line at the dockside."] ["Master Sergeant Ernest G. Bilko is in charge of the motor pool at Fort Baxter, a small US Army base. Exploiting this position, he directs a number of scams ranging from gambling to renting out military vehicles. His commanding officer, Colonel John Hall, overlooks Bilko's money-making schemes, as he is more concerned with his own affairs. Bad news begins when Major Colin Thorn, an officer from the US Army Inspector-General's Office, arrives at the camp and begins to cast scrutiny on Bilko's record. Officially, Thorn is at Fort Baxter to conduct a general inspection of the base and determine if it should remain open in light of recent defense cutbacks. However, he is in fact determined to get revenge on Bilko to settle an old score the two have from Fort Dix, in which Thorn was nearly court-martialled in the midst of a fixed boxing match and resulted in Thorn shipped off to Greenland. Major Thorn, bitter and unprincipled, is not above breaking the law to ruin Bilko. Thorn also attempts to steal Bilko's long-time fiancee Rita, whom he has stood up on the altar more than a dozen times. Rita, despite being fond of Bilko, is tired of waiting for him to finally marry her and gives him 30 days to win her back or lose her for good. Bilko, with the help of newly-assigned PFC Wally Holbrook, devises a means of avoiding Major Thorn's attempt to transfer him to Greenland. He rigs a demonstration of the base's malfunctioning hovertank, put on before a four-star general and numerous dignitaries. Since Thorn had deliberately tried to sabotage the tank the previous night, he confronts Bilko, Hall, and the general, loudly insulting Bilko and Hall and in the midst of his ranting confesses to sabotaging the hovertank. Major Thorn is sent off again to Greenland and Sergeant Bilko is safe as chief of the motorpool once more. However, by this time the last day of Rita's ultimatum has come. Just as Rita sadly begins to write Bilko off forever, she hears men outside her house, singing one of her and Bilko's favorite songs. Looking outside, she sees Bilko and his platoon on the lawn. Bilko asks Rita to marry him, and despite deliberately showing up late as Bilko did so many times, Rita does so."] ['Russian mafia boss Konstantine Konali  is laundering money under the guise of a legitimate business. The business is a highly addictive video game that allows him to bring down almost any security system controlled by a computer on which the game has been played, with a string of major robberies as the result. Desperate to apprehend Konali, Russian Commandant Alexandrei Nikolaivich Rakov  sends for help from America. Rakov decides to bring in someone he met at a police convention—Commandant Eric Lassard . Lassard briefs his team about the mission in Russia, then they head to Moscow. Along with Lassard in Moscow are Sergeant Larvell Jones , Sergeant Eugene Tackleberry , Captain Debbie Callahan , Cadet Kyle Connors , and Captain Thaddeus Harris . As they plan to capture Konali, he has devised a new scheme—create an even more addictive form of the Game, a version that can bring down absolutely any computer security system in the world, including the systems that protect the databases that belong to world powers.'] ['Sid Carter  is the cunning head of a criminal gang that includes the longhaired drip Ernie Bragg , the cheeky Freddy  and Sid\'s son, Cyril . Cyril disguises himself as a new nurse in order to case a maternity hospital and the booty - the hospital\'s stock of contraceptive pills. The "Head Chopper" at the hospital, Sir Bernard Cutting , is convinced he\'s undergoing a sex change while the nutty Dr F.A. Goode ([[Charles Hawtrey  dishes out psychiatric mumbo jumbo. The hard working Matron  has more than enough to contend with on the wards, with the troublesome Mrs Tidey  who seems more interested in eating than producing a baby and her loyal, British Rail worker husband  who continually hangs around the waiting room. Waiting. Cyril is picked out by notorious "bird-watcher" Dr Prodd  and goes back to his place in order to get a map of the hospital. The poor doc gets a shock when the lovely "nurse" turns out to be a crook in a frock. However, "she" makes headline news when film star Jane Darling  hails "her" a heroine for helping her through her pregnancy. The Sister  desperately tries to keep the ward in order, while Cutting\'s secretary, Miss Banks  keeps her employer in check but nothing can cool his pent-up desire to prove himself as a man ... and it\'s Matron who\'s in his sights! The criminal gang don disguises - Sid dresses as the foreign Dr Zhivago and Ernie as a heavily expectant mum - but the crime is thwarted by the mothers-to-be. The medical hierarchy\'s threat to call the police is halted when Sid reveals the heroine of the day is a man. Cyril weds his shapely nurse, Susan Ball  and Matron finally gets her doctor.'] ["Emmannuelle Prevert  relieves the boredom of a flight on Concorde by seducing timid Theodore Valentine . She returns home to London to surprise her husband, the French Ambassador, Emile Prevert  but first surprises the butler, Lyons ([[Jack Douglas . He removes her coat only to find she has left her dress on the 'plane! The chauffeur, Leyland , housekeeper, Mrs Dangle  and aged boot-boy, Richmond  sense saucy times ahead ... and they are right! Emile is dedicated to his bodybuilding, leaving a sexually frustrated Emmannuelle to find pleasure with everyone from the Lord Chief Justice  to chat show host, Harold Hump . Theodore is spurned by Emmannuelle, who has genuinely forgotten their airborne encounter and despite reassurances from his mother , Theodore exacts revenge by revealing Emmannuelle's antics to the Press. However, after a visit to her doctor , she discovers she is pregnant and decides to settle down to a faithful marriage with Emile ... and dozens of children."] ['Cheech Marin and Tommy Chong play versions of themselves being invited to Amsterdam for a film festival devoted to Burt Reynolds and Dolly Parton. When Reynolds and Parton do not show up to the festival, the promoter goes to Cheech and Chong for help and the duo volunteers to give a live performance . For much of the film, they do versions of many of their recorded characters  and several new skits. The second half of the movie features their live performance, climaxing with a version of their infamous "Ralph And Herbie" routine.'] ["Against the advice of his best friend Ted , Anderson  proposes to his girlfriend, Vanessa , publicly whilst dressed in a cupid costume. The shock of the proposal leads to her instantaneous death. Utterly devastated and distraught, Anderson quits his job and goes into mourning. Anderson is still obsessed with his perfect  former girlfriend and to help him move on, Ted persuades him to give romance one more try. To placate his friend, Anderson agrees. Right after, waitress Katie  comes over. On a whim, Anderson asks Katie to marry him, and to his utter astonishment, she accepts his proposal. Anderson and Katie now decide to take things slow, the same day she moves into Anderson's apartment. Meanwhile Anderson is feeling guilty as when unconscious he spoke to his former girlfriend, the late Vanessa. However he goes ahead with plans to meet her parents, and to bring Katie to meet his parents. The pair soon begin to get on well with each other and, although not the smoothest of meetings, the parents have no real objection to the marriage. Katie's father, Smitty, breaks out of jail to walk her down the aisle. He arrives at his ex-wife 's house and through their long lost passion for one another, their love sparks again, much to Stuart's  discomfort. After a falling out over Anderson's late girlfriend, Anderson and Katie's relationship looks to be over. This pivotal moment in the film leads to the pair finally declaring their fondness of one another. In line with the film's spontaneous feel, the couple suddenly run off to Atlantic City, with help from Ted. Now Anderson, Katie, Ted and the rest of the party are driving to Atlantic City, in a car from the car dealership where Ted works . Katie's ex-boyfriend, William, tries to persuade Katie that they should be together. He proceeds to assault Anderson on the way to their wedding. Ted's boss reports the car stolen, and in an unfortunate event, they crash into a police car, resulting in their arrest. Meanwhile, Katie's parents know where they're headed and make their way there, stopping to rob the Tuxedo Depot in preparation for the wedding. Katie's parents are also arrested for robbing the store. They all end up in the same police station, and Anderson's parents also turn up after he calls them. In a lucky turn of events the group is able to escape from the station after stealing an officer's gun and locking them in a cell. At this point Anderson and Katie establish for the final time that they want to get married and for the first time, the whole group is in favor. Now in a police van, which the policemen let them use, they drive to Atlantic City and Anderson and Katie finally get married. However, as soon as they step outside they are all arrested. Anderson and Katie spend their honeymoon in jail and bribe a judge with a blender they received as a wedding present."] ['Norbit Albert Rice  opens the film by narrating that he is an orphan as he is thrown out of a car by his parents, in front of the Golden Wonton orphanage and cuisine. Mr. Wong  finds him the next morning and takes him in, claiming that nobody will want "ugly black one". Norbit and his buddy partner, Kate Thomas  were the best of friends and even got \'married\' as children in the orphanage but one day, they got separated when Kate got adopted. As there was an odd number at the orphanage, Norbit was alone for a while. A while after, whilst being bullied by twins in elementary school, Norbit is saved by Rasputia Latimore , a fat, self-centered, overbearing, vain girl who takes an instant liking to Norbit and makes him her boyfriend. She protects him from other kids and makes him feel like he as a real family. As they both grow up, Rasputia becomes meaner, fatter and rougher, dominating every aspect of Norbit\'s life. They eventually got married, in part due to the pressure from Rasputia\'s three coarse, muscular brothers Big Black Jack , Blue , and Earl , who the whole town live in fear of . Rasputia and her brothers run the local construction company where Norbit works as a book keeper. They also run a \'security\' business which is popular with the local vendors. Throughout their life together, Rasputia mistreats, insults, and dominates Norbit to make sure that she keeps him all to herself, eventually starting to resent and cheat on him by having sex with her power tap dance instructor Buster Perkin , who only goes along with it so her brothers can fund his workout tape. Norbit is performing a puppet show for the kids at the orphanage which he lets all is anger out to Rasputia through the puppets, but then he sees Kate for the first time in years. Stunned by her, his affection for her returns. But then Norbit is disappointed to find out that Kate\'s now engaged to Deion Hughes , a sneaky, slick-talking businessman. Eventually, with help from Norbit\'s two ex-pimp friends Pope Sweet Jesus  and Lord Have Mercy  and the other townspeople, Kate falls in love with Norbit. Rasputia finds out about this while driving by the church and saw Kate and Norbit rehearsing the wedding. When Norbit tells her what he would say if he was saying vows to Kate, she kisses him, eventually running away since she is confused with her feelings. Later, Norbit discovers that the Latimore brothers have orchestrated a plot to purchase Kate and Norbit\'s former orphanage to open up a strip club; since Deion is to be married to Kate, he\'ll have possession of the property, and he gets a share of the money once the strip club opens. When Kate finds out about the deal, Deion convinces her that Norbit only used her to help the Latimores. When she confronts him after he\'s locked in the basement by a vengeful Rasputia, Norbit acts mean to Kate to save her from Rasputia  and says that last night, he was only trying to "score" with her. In a fit of rage, Kate leaves Norbit to go marry Deion instead. When the Latimores had left to go to the wedding, Norbit escapes from the basement, and races to the church on his bike  where Deion and Kate are to be married, chased by the Latimores and falls into a pond. He continues to the church, beating the Latimores. Norbit reveals that Deion has gotten rich off of divorce settlements and only marries women for their money. He proves this by presenting Deion\'s ex-wives and children in person. Deion flees and the Latimores, angered that their plans are now ruined forever, attack Norbit. Just as the brothers prepare to kill Norbit, they\'re stopped by the townspeople who have taken up arms to defend Norbit and get their revenge on the Latimores. In the ensuing battle, Rasputia fights her way through the crowd , but just when she\'s about to kill Norbit with the spade, Mr. Wong comes out and harpoons her in the butt. Rasputia and her brothers are then chased out of town by the mob, never to be seen or heard from again. Norbit and Kate buy the orphanage and get married under the tree where they got married as kids. Rasputia and her brothers escape to Mexico and open up the El Nipplopolis club, where Rasputia becomes their most popular and lucrative stripper.'] ['Phileas Fogg III , great-grandson of the original Phileas Fogg, accepts a bet to duplicate his great-grandfather\'s famous trip around the world in response to a challenge made by Randolph Stuart III, the descendant of the original Fogg\'s nemesis. Unbeknownst to anyone, however, "Stuart" is the infamous con man Vicker Cavendish ([[Peter Forster  who made the bet in order to cover up his robbing the bank of England by framing Fogg for the crime. With him in this plot is his weaselly Cockney co-conspirator Filch . This makes for a dangerous journey for Fogg and his servants  and Amelia Carter , whom they rescue from thugs during a train ride. On the way, they also: try to steal a cream pie from the galley of a Turkey-bound British cargo ship ; watch an elaborate Indian dance at a maharajah\'s palace, where blind-as-a-bat Curly Joe also regales the maharajah and the viceroy with knife throwing—until his disguise falls off; get captured in China by the Chinese Army, and survive Communist brainwashing in Shanghai with their interrogators turning into Chinese Stooge clones . The disgusted Chinese set them adrift in a small boat; use Curly Joe\'s music-provoked strength to cadge food, clothes, and a trip to San Francisco from the manager of the monstrous sumo Itchy Kitchy  after a demonstration in a park in Tokyo; stow away in a moving van, supposedly headed for New York. Of course, they are caught, and arrested in Canada by the British inspector . Back in London, they cross paths again with the two conspirators, again disguised as police—and armed. Of course, the Stooges win out, and, as with the original Phileas Fogg, his descendant miscalculated by one day and still has a chance. Curly Joe gets behind the wheel of the Bobby paddy wagon and speeds across London, and young Fogg wins the bet—crashing into the Reformer\'s Club with two seconds to spare.'] ['Throughout his entire life, Rod Kimble  believed his father, now deceased, was a successful and respectable stuntman working for Evel Knievel. He aspires to follow in his father\'s footsteps and become a famous stuntman himself. Meanwhile, his stepfather Frank  fails to respect Rod as a man, often going out of his way to beat him in sparring sessions and mocking his stuntman dream. Rod makes many attempts at landing jumps with his Hyundai moped, most of them ending unsuccessfully. After an ill-fated jump attempt at the public pool, he returns home to find out that Frank is in urgent need of a heart transplant. Angry at the thought of his stepfather dying without getting a chance to "smash his face in" and gain his respect, Rod goes to a forest to be mad and starts dancing out of rage (a sequence loosely based on the movie [[Footloose , ending up with Rod rolling down an enormous hill after tripping. At the bottom of the hill, he sees a sign that gives him an idea to save Frank. He tells his friends Rico , Dave  and his half brother Kevin  about his plan to do a jump over the length of fifteen school buses, and give the proceeds to his stepfather\'s surgery. He also adds Denise , his college-graduate neighbor on whom he has a crush, to his crew. To promote his stunt and also raise funds, Rod works parties, corporate get togethers, other events, and chug a bottle of absolute vodka in 15 seconds. Kevin releases a movie using his footage of Rod\'s stunts and sells over 200 tickets, but everyone at the movie laughs at Rod\'s expense because the film depicts his failed training attempts. Rod gets angry and throws the theater\'s projector out of a window, smashing a car below. Rod ends up giving up all the money he has raised so far to cover the respective damages. Upset, he returns home, where his mother reveals to him that his father was not the stuntman he thought he was. Humiliated, Rod quits the crew and ends his dream to beat up his stepfather, despite his friends\' interventions. However, he takes up the jump again when Dave asks Rod to take him to the hospital due to an injury while "trippin\' balls" under the influence of acid given to him by his friend Derek . When he does, Dave gives him advice that inspires Rod to apologize to Kevin. As Kevin accepts his apology, he also reveals that Rod\'s stunt footage has gotten popular through the Internet, and a local AM radio station hosted by Barry Pasternak  offers to cover the expenses of the jump. Rod gets the crew back together and they start setting up for the jump. On the day of the jump, his friends give him a new suit, a rock , and a motorbike. He also receives a kiss from Denise, who broke up with Jonathan , her insensitive and callous boyfriend. As Rod jumps off the ramp, the speed of his new motorbike enables him to jump over the buses, but as he gives his friends a thumbs up, they realize that he had let go of his bike in the process. The bike smashes through a stage and Rod\'s body slams against ground, sliding and skidding before he finally stops. As his friends nurse him from his unconscious state, he has a \'freaky, out of body experience\' in which he witnesses an anthropomorphic taco beating up a grilled cheese sandwich—a topic he and Denise had a debate over earlier in the movie. Rod, with the help of Kevin and Denise, triumphantly gets up to the applause of the crowd, and sees that the donations have accumulated over $50,000, the cost of Frank\'s \'conveniently priced\' surgery. The film ends as Rod  again spars with Frank. Over the course of the fight, Rod gains the upper hand and succeeds in making his stepfather respect him .'] ['{{plot}} The movie opens with Joe Tyler , a process server, a week late, serving a Mafia kingpin known as Fat Charlie  with a summons to appear as a witness in court, and his abrasive boss Ray  ridiculing him for such while complimenting his rival server Tony  for serving multiple targets in record time. Willing to give him one last shot, Ray gives Joe the assignment to serve British socialite Sara Moore  with divorce papers from her husband, Gordon , who is at his ranch in Texas with a mistress, Kate , while Sara vacations in upstate New York. While attempting to serve her, Sara is tipped off by Tony, thus revealing that the reason Joe has been failing is because Tony has been sabotaging his efforts. Eventually Joe does serve her, but is mugged by Fat Charlie\'s goons , leading to them taking his car. The two are forced to take the same bus, they enter a conversation where Joe tells her that, because her husband had the papers filled out due to Texas law, she stands to gain nothing from the divorce. After finding out that the typical "half of everything" law would apply if the papers had been served under New York law, Sara offers Joe a million dollars to serve her husband and rip up her papers. Although he\'ll lose his job, Joe agrees and the two set off to serve Gordon. When Ray hears of this, he tells Gordon and sends Tony off to re-serve Sara. Gordon in turn hires a bodyguard  to protect himself, and Joe, expecting Tony to tail him, leaves a set of bogus clues that lead him to Miami, Florida; Bangor, Maine; and then Amarillo, Texas; where he\'s shot in the back as he attempts to get on the grounds of the wrong ranch to try to serve the papers. Sara and Joe trail Gordon to his ranch, but Gordon evades them. Eventually they stay at a hotel where Gordon\'s mistress makes a new deal to Joe for one million dollars of the divorce settlement in return for Gordon\'s location. Joe agrees, but the entire deal is a set-up to get Tony into their apartment to serve Sara. Furious, Sara kicks Joe out. While Joe contemplates his lost fortune and budding love for Sara, he sees Tony\'s watch in the picture he took of him serving Sara, and calls Ray to inform him that Tony forgot to set his watch to the correct time zone, and thus the papers do not take effect until 7:04. With mere minutes until they both lose a fortune, Joe and Sara trail Gordon to a rodeo, where they evade Gordon\'s bodyguard and Tony in a motorbike competition. With seconds to spare before 7:04, Gordon is knocked out by a pack of beer dropped on his head by Sara, and Joe serves him under New York law which Gordon, finally accepting the loss, takes the serve as he\'s being photographed. Tony and Gordon\'s bodyguard are seen being carried out of the stadium, who Joe refers to as, "Guy who got ran over,"  and "Guy who RAN you over," . The film ends with Joe and Sara at Joe\'s dream vineyard, where they taste-test Joe\'s first bottle before going inside to have sex.'] [' The film opens with Mr. Bean  attending a raffle in June. As the grand prize raffle number called to be 919, Mr. Bean is upset and throws his raffle ticket which ends up in a toy train cart. The ticket being 616 is read upside down and becomes 919. Mr. Bean grabs the ticket before the final call and claims his prize. The prize is a holiday involving a train journey to Cannes, a Sony video camera, and €200. Bean proceeds to film the entirety of his travels on the video camera. Following a misunderstanding involving a taxi at the Gare du Nord railway station in Paris, Bean is forced to make his way on foot towards the Gare de Lyon to board his next train towards Cannes. Upon discovering the train won\'t leave for another hour, he has time to sample French seafood at Le Train Bleu restaurant. Unable to communicate in French, he accidentally orders oysters and langoustine, which he cannot bring himself to eat. He pours the oysters into a nearby lady\'s handbag, causing the lady to shriek when she was about to answer her mobile phone inside the bag, then Mr. Bean eats the whole langoustine without removing the shell. Back on the platform, Bean asks a man, who happens to be a Cannes Film Festival jury member and Russian movie critic Emil Dachevsky , to use his camcorder to film his walking onto the train. By the time they are done, the TGV is about to leave. Although Bean manages to get onto the train, the doors close before Dachevsky can get on. Dachevsky\'s son, Stepan  is left on board by himself. Bean attempts to befriend Stepan, who gets off at the next stop to meet his father. While confronting a threatening stranger who approaches Stepan, Bean accidentally misses the train\'s departure, leaving his bag aboard. The train that Stepan\'s father has boarded does not stop at the station, and he holds up a mobile number, but the last two digits are obscured. When their efforts at calling the number prove fruitless, they board the next train, accidentally leaving Bean\'s ticket and passport with $2 behind which results in the duo being forced off the train. Attempts at busking by miming to Puccini\'s O mio babbino caro  and other music prove successful in a shopping area. Bean buys a bus ticket to Cannes but loses his ticket when it gets caught in the breeze and then snagged in the talon of a chicken, which is subsequently loaded into a farm pick-up. Bean steals a nearby bicycle and follows the pick-up, only to reach a large chicken pen with no hope of finding the ticket. While he is on the farm, the bicycle is run over by a passing tank. After attempting to steal a moped and almost getting killed by a lorry, Bean falls to sleep in a village but wakes up to realise that he stumbled onto a set for a TV advertisement, which he accidentally blows up, injuring the director Carson Clay . Hitchhiking, Bean is picked up by actress Sabine , whom Bean encountered at the commercial filming, driving the same car as Bean. She is on her way to the 59th Cannes Film Festival where Carson Clay\'s film in which she makes her debut is going to be presented. When they stop at a service station, Bean finds Stepan in a café with musicians whom he met when he never got on the bus. He joins them. When Sabine falls deeply asleep on the way due to Bean accidentally activating a lullaby on her cellphone, he then drives the car himself happily, finally reaching Cannes. When Sabine goes into a petrol station to change for the premiere, news depicting Bean as Stepan\'s kidnapper and Sabine as an accomplice spreads. Not wanting to miss the premiere, they plan to get into Cannes without being identified. Stepan dresses up as Sabine\'s daughter, while Mr. Bean dresses up as Sabine\'s mother. They manage to get through the search and Sabine arrives at the premiere on time. After sneaking into the premiere, the trio begin to watch Clay\'s picture "Playback Time," a shameless vanity production written by, produced by, directed by, and starring Clay himself. From the first few moments, the audience is horribly bored. Sabine tells Bean that her big scene is coming up, but is disappointed to see that her role has been cut from the film. Bean, hoping to cheer up Sabine, goes to the screening room and plugs his video camera into the projector. The ensuing scenes, heavily featuring Sabine, fit director Clay\'s narration so well that the director, Sabine, and Bean all receive standing ovations. Clay\'s initial anger fades and he embraces Bean and takes credit for the film\'s success, while Stepan is finally reunited with his father. After the screening, Bean leaves the building and goes to the beach, encountering many of the other characters including Sabine and Stepan. The film ends with Bean and all the other characters of the film miming a large French musical finale, lip-syncing the famous song by Charles Trenet, "La Mer" ([[Beyond the Sea . In a post-credits scene, Mr. Bean writes "FIN" on the wet sand using his toe. He films it until the camera says "low battery" then the sea washes the words away then the camera turns off.'] ['Lieutenant Commander Thomas Dodge , a capable yet unorthodox US Navy officer, is about to be denied command of his own submarine for a third time because of his unconventional ways. Failure to secure a command will result in him being dropped from the command program and an assignment to a desk job, and he is particularly opposed by Rear Admiral Yancy Graham . Vice Admiral Dean Winslow  finds the perfect use for Dodge, however, when Winslow launches a war-game to test the Navy\'s defenses against possible attack by old diesel submarines in the hands of terrorists or other enemies of the US. Among those defenses being tested is the Navy\'s newest sub, the Los Angeles-class USS Orlando, which will be commanded by Commander Carl Knox, Dodge\'s former CO . For this purpose, Dodge gains command of the rusty World War II era Balao-class diesel sub, the USS Stingray, SS-161. Adm. Winslow gives Dodge the order to "don\'t go by the book" and to "think like a pirate" and advises that if he can win the war-game, including sinking a mock target in Norfolk harbor, Winslow will consider Dodge for command of a nuclear submarine. Adm. Graham, motivated by his dislike for Dodge and his own ambition, arranges circumstances to make Dodge\'s mission even more difficult. Graham handpicks a motley crew for the Stingray consisting of rejects and misfits: hot-tempered and uptight Lieutenant Martin Pascal  as Executive Officer, rebellious Engineman 1st Class Brad Stapanek, sharp-eared Sonar Technician 2nd Class E.T. "Sonar" Lovacelli, compulsive gambler Seaman Stanley "Spots" Sylvesterson , former U.S. Naval Academy basketball player Jefferson "R.J." Jackson , who has dreams of playing in the NBA, shock-prone  electrician Seaman Nitro, and the not-so-culinary cook Seaman Buckman . To further frustrate Dodge, Graham also uses the Stingray to institute a pilot program by the Navy for evaluating the feasibility of women serving on submarines, knowing that the diesel boat is unsuitable for mixed-gender living; Lieutenant Emily Lake  joins the crew as Diving Officer. Using unorthodox tactics to offset their technological disadvantage, Dodge and the Stingray crew win their first objective by getting into and setting off flares in Charleston Harbor. Desperate to defeat Dodge, Graham cuts the containment area for the war-game in half without authorization. Running into trouble on their first attempt at Norfolk harbor, Dodge leaves the exercise area. Irate at this lapse in protocol, the zealous by-the-book Pascal attempts to gain command of the Stingray, but no one supports him. Without support, his attempt is considered mutiny and, thinking like a pirate, Dodge makes him walk the plank into a fishing trawler. During the Stingray{{\'}}s second attempt at Norfolk, Graham assumes personal command of the Orlando. After some risky maneuvers by the Stingray, the Orlando is able to chase her down and obtain a shooting solution, but not before Dodge launches two torpedoes into a target hulk, which gains him the victory. Upon the Stingrays return to port, Adm. Winslow congratulates Dodge on a job well done and confides that crewman Stapanek is his own son. The admiral informs Dodge that he will not get a Los Angeles-class submarine as the two had previously discussed, but instead a Seawolf-class submarine, which is a newer and much larger craft, plus a "proper crew" along with it. Dodge turns down the latter notion, requesting to transfer the entire crew of the Stingray. He then launches a romantic mission with Lt. Lake. Closing credits include a music video of the Village People and the film\'s cast performing "In the Navy".'] ['Larry is a big city health inspector with questionable practices and his own way of doing things. Larry\'s boss, Bart Tatlock , in an attempt to acquire information on his activities in order to get him fired, assigns Larry a new partner, Amy Butlin , a by-the-book professional who takes the job seriously. She tries to learn the ropes of health inspection while putting up with Larry and his personality as well as getting the information Tatlock needs to get Larry fired. As Larry and Amy do their job as city health inspection team, a serial criminal is poisoning four-star restaurants. Trying to avert a panic, and keep the matter of the poisonings under control, Tatlock puts his best people on the job, and not Larry. Larry and Amy are called in on one of the poisonings, but Tatlock forbids them from working on such an important case. Larry and Amy continue to inspect lower-profile restaurants, but the Mayor Maurice T. Gunn  is tricked into assigning Larry and Amy to the more important poison case, much to Larry and Amy\'s enthusiasm. Larry and Amy go undercover at one of the restaurants, and obtain a tape recording of a conversation between the Mayor Gunn and Chef Leon, in which the chef clarifies the Gunn\'s request that the food being prepared by Chef Leon be poisoned. Larry and Amy interrupt the mayor during an interview with their evidence, but the mayor explains that Chef Leon was reacting to the mayor\'s instruction to put French\'s mustard on the Gunn\'s chicken piccata, an act that the insulted Chef Leon viewed as a metaphorical act of "poisoning" to his life\'s work. When Larry speaks to Chef Leon over the phone, Chef Leon corroborates this interpretation. As a result, Tatlock fires Larry. Despondent, Larry visits his old friend Big Shug, but ends up alienating him as well. Heading over to his romantic interest, Jane\'s  house, Larry sees she and her mother  are enjoying a friendly social visit by the mayor. Feeling as if his life has hit rock bottom, Larry resolves to solve the poisoning crimes. He confronts Mayor Gunn, who reveals that Lilly Michelli , the owner of Micelli\'s restaurant, had him make sure that Larry was assigned to the poisonings case. Larry and Amy realize that Michelli did this so to ensure that case was investigated incompetently, as she is the one behind the poisonings. At a taping of the television cook-off show, Top Chef, Larry and Amy expose Michelli\'s culpability and arrest her, and are vindicated.'] ['Billy Madison , a 27-year-old heir to a wealthy father, has spent his entire life reaping the benefits of his family\'s hotel chain, Madison Hotels, a Fortune 500 company. He spends his days drinking with best friends, Jack  and Frank , and creating disasters across his father\'s estate. One day, Billy ruins a dinner meeting between his father, Brian , and his associates by behaving obnoxiously after being provoked by Eric Gordon , Brian\'s executive vice president who openly expresses his hatred towards Billy and secretly harbors hatred towards Brian as well and impatiently waits to become Brian\'s succsessor as head of Madison Hotels. This prompts Brian to lose any remaining faith in Billy, as he chooses the conniving Eric to become the next CEO of the company. When Billy, who also despises Eric, protests that he can be responsible, Brian reveals that he secretly bribed all of Billy\'s school teachers in order for him to pass. Billy begs his father to reconsider his decision. The two finally come to a compromise: Billy must pass elementary, middle, and high school  on his own within the course of twenty-four weeks , in order to prove his competence. Shortly after enrolling into school, Billy becomes attracted to a third grade teacher named Veronica Vaughn , who initially is disgusted with Billy and finds his enrollment to be a distraction for the other students. He eventually finds himself as one of Veronica\'s students and earns her respect by defending Ernie , his friend and classmate. Billy becomes popular among the third graders and begins to miss them as he advances through school. When Billy reaches ninth grade, he finds that rather than being the cool guy that everyone looks up to, he is now considered a loser; realizing how it feels to be on the receiving end of bullying, he calls up an old classmate, Danny McGrath , and apologizes for the way he treated him in high school. Danny accepts his apology, and crosses his name off a list of people to kill. Billy\'s progress frustrates and alarms Eric, leading him to take the offensive while Billy struggles in high school. He visits Billy\'s grade school principal, Max Anderson , and threatens to reveal his past as a professional wrestler that is filled with controversial incidents, especially a particular one back in 1983, when Max accidentally caused the death of another man while performing a stunt. Coerced, Max publicly states he took bribes from Billy in return for passing him. The announcement angers Brian who chooses to give the hotel chain to Eric. Billy becomes distraught and reverts to his original care-free lifestyle. Veronica and others come to Billy\'s aid, convincing him to keep fighting Eric. His grade school friends helps Billy\'s plight by visiting Max at his home and convincing him to retract his previous statements. With Billy\'s name cleared, Brian and Carl Alphonse , a loyal, long-time employee of Madison Hotels, argue to Eric that Billy deserves another chance, but Eric disagrees and finally shows his true colors by disrespecting Brian in front of the group and threatens to file a lawsuit. Billy challenges Eric to an academic decathlon that will determine his father\'s successor. Although both men excel in different activities, Billy manages to take a single-point lead before the contest\'s final event, a Jeopardy!-style academic test. Eric chooses "reflections of society in literature" as Billy\'s topic. Billy uses a book that was read to him in the first grade to answer the question, but the judge calls his answer "insanely idiotic" and gives Billy no points for his answer. With scores still the same, Eric is given the chance to answer and potentially win. However, Billy chooses a question for Eric about "business ethics", which ironically Eric knows nothing about and breaks down because he can\'t give an answer. Refusing to admit defeat, he brandishes a gun at Billy. Max, clad in his wrestling outfit, subdues Eric. The attack fails to keep Eric down and laughing maniacally, he makes a final attempt to get revenge on Billy by turning his gun on Veronica. Suddenly, Danny McGrath appears with a high-powered rifle and defeats Eric by firing a single shot into his buttocks. Danny and Billy share a quick wave, before he departs. At Billy\'s graduation, he announces that he is passing the hotel business down to Carl and will instead attend college with hopes of becoming a teacher. He and Veronica share a kiss and the film ends.'] ['Jackass Number Two is a compilation of various stunts, pranks and skits, and essentially has no plot. The film opens with an introduction of the nine cast members while they\'re being chased by bulls in a neighborhood. As the stampede chases them, Ryan Dunn jumps into a station wagon before a bull rips off the open door. Preston Lacy is pushed through a fence by a bull while trying to get over it. Dave England takes cover in a garbage can, which is knocked aside by a bull. Jason "Wee-Man" Acuña is knocked to the ground by a calf, and Chris Pontius is thrown into a kiddie pool by a bull\'s horns. Ehren McGhehey and Steve-O jump and break through a garden fence to avoid being hit. Johnny Knoxville and Bam Margera are left, and get chased into a house. Bam jumps through a window, and Johnny stops in his tracks to deliver his signature line, "Hi, I’m Johnny Knoxville, welcome to Jackass!", before being blasted through a window by several bulls, followed by the film\'s title appearing onscreen. The movie finishes with Johnny Knoxville in what appears to be a hotel room with a bear trap. The set then falls down to reveal a Busby Berkeley-style movie musical production number set to the La Cage aux Folles song "The Best of Times", where the cast sing and dance while getting battered by violent stunts. As in the first film, Rip Taylor is seen at the end of the sequence claiming that he is feeling not so good because of a drink called "The Piledriver".'] ['Maurice Pogue  has Anterograde Amnesia, a form of amnesia that prevents him from remembering anything that happened to him the day before. He realizes from a recording he made for himself the previous night  &ndash; to keep himself in the know &ndash; that he\'s a private investigator in Los Angeles, and acquired the condition after being injured during a case. Pogue tells himself not to reveal his condition to anyone, as he\'s the key witness in the case against the man responsible for his amnesia. Appearing on the recording is a strange woman, Sarah Novak , who informs him she has been living under the alias Beth Holly in San Francisco, and she has come to L.A. because she is being blackmailed. The police then come to Pogue\'s office, and take him to what turns out to be his birthday party. He tells his friend Dolby  that he\'s seen Sarah, and learns from Dolby that Sarah is dead. While at the party, Pogue also meets Anthony Doover ([[Michael Murphy , his doctor &ndash; the only person who knows of Pogue\'s condition. Two henchmen take him from the party to meet Philip Cornell , the man Pogue is to testify against. Cornell offers Pogue a large sum of money to deny witnessing Cornell\'s involvement in the crime. On re-examining his files at the office, Pogue learns that Sarah was once Cornell\'s lover, who decided to testify against Cornell lest he killed her because of her knowledge of his illegal activities. Sarah hired Pogue to protect her but was killed by a car bomb, the same bomb that caused his amnesia. That night, Pogue meets Sarah at a fashion show she\'s modeling in. She tells him the girl that was killed in the explosion was a double, and that someone\'s threatening to tell Cornell she\'s still alive. Sarah also tells Pogue about a valuable coin Cornell stole from the L.A. County Museum, which she in turn stole from him. Sarah tells Pogue that she gave him the coin the morning before the explosion; Pogue cannot remember. The only clue the two have about the coin\'s location is one word Pogue said when Sarah gave it to him, "Baby." The next morning, Pogue has forgotten everything again. Cornell shows up to his office to get Pogue\'s sworn statement but Pogue, mistaking Cornell for his landlord, gives him a check for rent. Pogue tries throughout the day to figure out where the coin is but doesn\'t find any answers. Later on he meets with Sarah; she stays at his place for the night and they make love. Pogue wakes up the following day remembering everything from the day before. Through learning his dog is Baby, he recalls that he hid the coin in its collar. He takes Sarah to a payphone to call the people who are blackmailing her, Pogue notices that her handwriting is not the same as on the note the coin was wrapped in. Thus realizing she cannot really be Sarah Novak, he switches the coin without her knowledge. He then follows her and finds that Doover and her set up the scam to get the coin. When Doover says they\'ll have to start all over again after they failed to get the coin, the woman posing as Sarah refused to go through with it again. That night, while sitting in Pogue\'s car outside his office, the woman reveals into one of Pogue\'s recorders that she\'s really Beth Holly, whom Doover had hired because of her resemblance to Novak. Cornell\'s men then kidnap Beth when they see her in the car. Thursday morning, Cornell, who\'s figured out that Pogue has the coin, abducts Pogue and takes him to his home, where he attempts to torture him to give up the coin. Pogue and Holly escape, and rush to Cornell\'s trial. During the trial, Pogue falls back in his chair and hits his head, then suddenly regains his memory. He tells Beth that he put the coin in a parking meter and she speeds off to get it. Pogue then gives his testimony against Cornell, which prompts Cornell to change his plea in the case. Pogue finds Sarah back at his apartment and the story ends when the two kiss and go inside.'] ['Popular crooner Russ Raymond  abandons his career at its peak and joins the Navy using an alias, Tommy Halstead. However, Dorothy Roberts , a reporter, discovers his identity and follows him in the hopes of photographing him and revealing his identity to the world. Aboard the battleship Alabama, Tommy meets up with Smoky  and Pomeroy , who help hide him from Dorothy, who hatches numerous schemes in an attempt to photograph Tommy/Russ being a sailor. Pomeroy is in love with Patty, one of The Andrews Sisters, sends her numerous fan letters, and tries to impress her with false tales of his physique and his naval rank. Eventually, Patty discovers that Pomeroy is only a baker, and Pomeroy spends much of the movie attempting to win her affection.'] ["The Stooges have lost their jobs. Adding insult to injury, they received a letter from Dad with the news that he requires surgery. To help pay for the operation, the father suggests the boys search for uranium on his mining property. The boys locate the uranium, but run afoul of a load of dynamite. Then, when they are trying to fix the water pump, it starts gushing oil. Joe tries to cork it by sitting on it, but he is sent flying into the air. When he wishes it would stop, it does, much to Moe and Larry's dismay. Joe manages to get the oil started again, and boys are in the dough."] ['Five years after the events of the previous film Dennis Mitchell ([[Justin Cooper  is finally back, and worse than ever. At the beginning of the movie, he goes over to Mr. Wilson\'s  house to offer him one of several gifts for his birthday. These include lizards, snakes, bugs, and other creatures. This ordeal ends with Mr. Wilson unintentionally riding down a flight of stairs in Dennis\' red wagon and accidentally getting his birthday cake thrown in his face by Martha . Soon after this incident, Mr. Johnson, Dennis\' grandfather , shows up and announces that he is moving in with the Mitchells. Dennis starts spending more time with him than his annoyed neighbor. Mr. Wilson, upset that he\'s getting older, gets tricked by two con men  who try to talk him into buying a "rare" root used to make tea to make people younger. Mr. Wilson is about to pay $10,000 when Dennis comes by. Dennis then reveals that he owns a root of the same kind, which he says he found on a place where those abound. Soon afterwards, the two impostors return and sell Mr. Wilson a machine that allegedly makes people younger. Suddenly, the attitudes of him and Mr. Johnson reverse as the latter feels George\'s pain of living in the same neighborhood as Dennis, while he starts to feel youthful and happy. While Dennis is trying to clean up a pile of garbage that he accidentally threw on Grandpa\'s car while he was taking out the trash, he accidentally destroys Mr. Wilson\'s machine. As a result of this, the Wilsons plan on moving away to be away from him for good, whereupon Mr. Johnson decides to move into their house, although no one seems to really want to carry out this plan. The film closes with Dennis helping the police  catching the con men, who were pretending to be several different workmen at the Wilson house when they were planning to move, attempting yet again to drain his bank account by stockpiling a hoard of his as yet unendorsed checks by claiming that the house needed several repairs before it could be sold. Dennis, who was a "menace" throughout the whole movie, ends up being a hero. The police return the uncashed checks, and Mr. Wilson decides not to move. Mr. Johnson, however, is now planning to move out of the Mitchell house because of everything Dennis has put him through.'] ["Tina  is the drudge of the Red Mill Tavern in Holland. She works hard and long hours, with her only company being a mouse, named Ignatz. Willem  is the mean Tavern proprietor who catches her feeding the mouse. He is outraged and scares away the mouse and takes it out on Tina. Dennis Wheat  is a foreigner who came to the Netherlands for the damsels. He was accompanied by his valet Caesar Rinkle . One day, Tina notices and immediately falls in love with him. She sneaks out of the tavern to be closer to him and hears him saying he will judge an ice skating race. The winner of the race will be kissed by him. Tina decides to enter and wins. When Dennis is about to kiss her, Willem storms out and takes Tina with him. She later finds out Dennis is leaving town and becomes sad. Tina goes back to her hard working days and fantasizes about Dennis returning. Dennis returns in the spring and takes an interest in the Burgomaster's daughter Gretchen , who is about to marry the Governor  but actually is in love with Captain Jacop Van Goop . Jacop sends Gretchen a letter, begging her to elope with him at night. Gretchen has to cross her overprotecting father if she wants to leave the house and does not think there is any chance she will be able to leave the house. Tina, however, helps her escape successfully by dressing up like her and Gretchen dressing up like Tina. After Gretchen has left, Dennis sneaks into the house to meet the woman he noticed. He kisses Tina, thinking it is Gretchen. Gretchen goes back home when she is scared after Tina's mouse ran into her shoe. Meanwhile, Caesar overhears someone saying Gretchen will inherit her grandfather's estate the day she marries and immediately informs Dennis. Jacop climbs on a ladder leading to Gretchen's room to reunite with her. Dennis sees this and thinks Jacop is kissing the same girl he kissed. He is mad and throws a stone to him, making him fall off his ladder through the window of the tavern. Tina comes up, still dressed up as Gretchen, and tells Dennis Jacop was a relative and it was only a formal kiss. She promises to elope with him in the morning. The next day, Gretchen is forced to marry the governor. She begs Tina to save her, before she leaves with her father. Tina eventually scares everyone away with her mouse and sneaks off with Gretchen. Gretchen is reunited with Jacop, but Tina is being chased by the wedding guests and the burgomaster. Willem finds her hiding in the tavern and locks her up in a mill, which is rumored to be haunted by ghosts. Tina is scared, but Dennis comes after her and protects himself with a gun. An accident causes him to shoot Tina in the back. They kiss and are happy, but find out Willem is after them with a shotgun. Dennis and Tina escape through a window and can now finally love each other carefree."] ['The film begins with Navin R. Johnson , a homeless bum, directly addressing the camera and telling his story. He is the adopted white son of African American sharecroppers, who grows to adulthood naïvely unaware of his obvious adoption. He stands out in his family not just because of his skin color, but also because of his utter lack of rhythm when his adopted family plays spirited blues music. One night, he hears the staid and starchy Roger Wolfe Kahn Orchestra song called "Crazy Rhythm" on the radio and his feet spontaneously begin to move with the urge to dance; he sees this as a calling and decides to hitchhike to St. Louis, from where the song was broadcast. On the way, he stops at a motel, where a dog wakes him up by barking at his door. Navin thinks the dog is trying to warn of a fire and decides to name the dog "Lifesaver." He wakes up the other hotel guests to rescue them, but when everyone realizes it was a false alarm, one Asian man angrily suggests he call the dog "Shithead," which Navin takes literally. Navin gets a job  at a gas station owned by Mr. Harry Hartounian . He\'s thrilled to find that he\'s listed in the local phone book, as his name is "in print" for the first time. Not long after, a gun-wielding lunatic  randomly flips through the phone book and picks "Johnson, Navin R." as his next victim. As the madman watches through his rifle scope, waiting for a clear shot, Navin fixes the slippery glasses of a customer, Stan Fox , by adding a handle and a nose brake. Fox offers to split the profits 50/50 with Navin if he can market the invention, then departs. Seizing his chance, the crazed sniper tries to kill Navin, but fails, hitting the oil cans in the station window and a soft-drink machine. The lunatic chases Navin to a traveling carnival, where Navin hides out, eventually getting a job with SJM Fiesta Shows as a weight guesser. While employed there, Navin meets an intimidating daredevil biker named Patty Bernstein  and has a sexual relationship with her, finally realizing what his "special purpose"  is for. He then meets a woman named Marie  and arranges a date with her. Patty confronts them, but Marie knocks her out. While courting, Navin and Marie walk along the beach and sing "Tonight You Belong to Me", with Navin playing the ukulele and Marie on the cornet. Navin and Marie fall in love, but Marie reluctantly decides to leave him because of his lack of financial security. She writes a note and slips out while Navin is in the bath. At an emotional and financial low, Navin is soon contacted by Stan Fox with exciting news: His glasses invention, now called the Opti-Grab, is selling big and he\'s entitled to half of the profits. Now extremely rich, he finds and marries Marie, and they buy an extravagant mansion. Their life becomes one of splendor and non-stop partying. However, motion-picture director Carl Reiner  files a class action lawsuit against Navin. Reiner claims that the Opti-Grab caused his eyes to be crossed and his resulting poor vision caused the death of a stunt driver in the film he was directing. Nearly ten million other people have the same vision complaint , and are awarded $10 million in damages. Bankrupt, depressed, and now homeless, he is abandoned by Marie and is soon living on the streets. His story now told, he resigns himself to a life of misery and memories of Marie, but to his amazed joy, she suddenly appears, along with Navin\'s family, and some more good news: Having carefully invested the small sums of money he sent home throughout the film, they\'ve become wealthy themselves. They pick him up off the street, and he and Marie move back home into the Johnsons\' new house&nbsp;— a much larger but identical version of their old, small shack. The story ends with the entire family dancing on the porch and singing "Pick a Bale of Cotton", with Navin dancing along, now having gained perfect rhythm.'] ["After meeting in the Navy recruiting line, Al Crowthers  and Melvin Jones  become friends. Al has tried to enlist before, 11 times, but was always rejected because of a bad knee. However, he keeps trying so that he can impress women, including Betty Hutton in a cameo role as 'Hetty Button'. Melvin, meanwhile, is allergic to women's cosmetics and his doctor prescribed ocean travel, so he decided to join the Navy as this was the only way he could afford to follow doctor's orders. Unbeknown to Al, the naval requirements have been lowered and this time he has been accepted, as has Melvin. They are assigned to Lardoski ([[Robert Strauss , a bully they met in line and referred to as 'fathead'. While in San Diego, Melvin falls in love with a woman Hilda Jones ([[Marion Marshall , who does not wear makeup. However, Melvin seems to attract women to him, and Lardoski wagers with Al that Melvin has to kiss any girl he names. Al agrees and Lardoski picks Corinne Calvet, who is playing at a nightclub in Honolulu. The crew then get sent out on the next submarine to Hawaii, in which Melvin is caught on deck when the ship is submerging. Upon his rescue he is tied to a torpedo for the rest of the voyage to avoid any more incidents. Once in Hawaii, Al romances Corinne while Melvin also vies for her affection in order to gain a kiss to win the bet which his shipmates have informed him about, and is unsuccessful in comforting Hilda who becomes jealous. Lardoski tries to prevent the kiss by getting the shore patrol to arrest Melvin, but he disguises himself as a hula dancer and gains the kiss. Al wins the bet , and Melvin works things out with Hilda."] ['After Luther Krank  and Nora Krank  see their daughter, Blair  depart for a Peace Corps assignment in Peru on the Sunday following Thanksgiving, empty nest syndrome sets in. Luther calculates the couple spent $6,132 during the previous year\'s holiday season and, not looking forward to celebrating Christmas without their daughter, he suggests they invest the money usually spent on decorations, gifts, and entertainment and treat themselves to a ten-day Caribbean cruise instead. Skeptical at first, Nora finally agrees under the condition that they still give a donation to the church and Children\'s Hospital. Luther tries to refuse but finally agrees and they begin planning the trip. The Kranks are amazed to discover they are considered pariahs as a result of their decision. Luther\'s co-workers think he has become Ebenezer Scrooge when he gives all his employees letters that state about his Christmas boycott, local stationer Aubie is distressed to lose the couple\'s order for their engraved greeting cards and Christmas Eve party invitations, the Boy Scout troop is upset and angered when the Kranks refuse to purchase one of their Christmas trees to help the scouts make enough money for a camporee, and the police are stunned to discover they won\'t be buying this year\'s calendar from them. Most vocal in their objections are neighbors Vic Frohmeyer  and Walt Scheel . Vic, who\'s the unelected leader of the street, organizes a campaign to force the Kranks to decorate their home so Hemlock Street won\'t lose the coveted award for best decorations. Walt doesn\'t seem to like Luther, so his efforts are primarily personal. However, it is revealed that Walt\'s wife Bev is suffering from cancer, perhaps dampening his holiday spirits. Children picket, led by Vic\'s son Spike , neighbors constantly call, and Christmas carolers try to revive the Kranks\' holiday spirit by singing on their lawn which Luther stops them by freezing his front lawn. Even the newspaper gets into the act by publishing a front page story complete with a photograph of the unlit Krank house and states that the Kranks\' street has lost the prize and won sixth place because of how Luther and Nora refused to decorate their house. Still, Luther and Nora continue to stand their ground. The two are in the process of packing on Christmas Eve morning when they receive a call from Blair, who announces she\'s at Miami International Airport, en route home with her Peruvian fiancé as a surprise for her parents. She\'s anxious to introduce Enrique to her family\'s holiday traditions, and when she asks if they\'re having their usual party that night, a panicked Nora says yes, much to Luther\'s dismay. Comic chaos ensues as the couple finds themselves trying to decorate the house and coordinate a party with only twelve hours to spare before their daughter and future son-in-law arrive. While Nora scrambles to find food, especially Blair\'s favorite ham, Luther buys a tree from the Boy Scouts but they only have one left; a dead, ugly, non-green tree. Luther buys it anyway but rejects it by throwing it in his backyard. While Spike leads a picket at the Kranks\', Luther arranges to borrow the tree of neighbor Wes Trogdon who is going away for a couple of days. Luther and Spike try to transport it across the street on Spike\'s Radio Flyer wagon, only for the neighbors to confuse this to be Luther stealing the family\'s Christmas tree, and to be stopped by the police, who assume they have stopped a robbery in progress. Spike comes to Luther\'s rescue. Nora comes home enraged at Luther for making the borrowed Christmas tree a "Disaster" and how she had to buy "Smoked Trout" to replace the honey ham . Once it is established why Luther is trying frantically to decorate his home, the neighbors, led by Vic, come out full force to help him and Nora ready it for Blair. Blair calls to say she landed from Miami. After giving everybody including Blair and Enrique, an unthankful and non-friendly toast, Luther tries to convince Nora to accept the cruise when she confronts him for the toast, but she refuses, disgusted that he isn\'t happy that Blair\'s home. Luther sadly slips out of the house and goes across the street to the Scheel home. Bev\'s cancer, once in remission, has returned and, knowing this may be their last holiday together, Luther insists they take the cruise in place of him and Nora, going so far as to offer to take care of their hated cat, Muffles, who\'s always under Luther\'s foot. At first they decline, but ultimately they accept his generosity, and Luther, whose holiday spirit has been renewed, realizes that skipping Christmas wasn\'t as good an idea as he had originally thought.'] ['In lavatory factory W.C. Boggs & Son, the traditionalist owner W.C. Boggs  is having no end of trouble. Bolshie union representative Vic Spanner  continually stirs up trouble in the works, to the irritation of his co-workers and management. He calls a strike for almost any minor incident – or because he wants time off to attend a local football match. Sid Plummer  is the factory foreman bridging the gap between workers and management, shrewdly keeping the place going amid the unrest. Prissy lavatory designer Charles Coote ([[Charles Hawtrey  has included a bidet in his latest range of designs, but W.C. objects to the manufacture of such "distasteful" items. W.C. won\'t change his stance even after his son, Lewis  Boggs , secures a large order from abroad for the bidets. It is a deal that could save the struggling firm, which W.C. has to admit is in debt to the banks. Vic\'s dim stooge Bernie Hulke  provides bumbling assistance in both his union machinations and his attempts to woo Sid\'s daughter, factory canteen worker Myrtle . She is torn between Vic and Lew Boggs, who is something of a playboy but insists he loves her. Sid\'s wife is Beattie , a lazy housewife who does little but fuss over her pet budgie, Joey, which refuses to talk despite her concerted efforts. Their neighbour is brassy and lascivious factory worker Chloe Moore . Chloe contends with the endless strikes and with her crude, travelling salesman husband Fred , who neglects her and leaves her dissatisfied. Chloe and Sid enjoy a flirtatious relationship and are sorely tempted to stray. Unusually for Sid James, his character is a faithful husband, albeit a cheeky and sorely tempted one. Sid and Beattie find that Joey can correctly predict winners of horseraces – he tweets when the horse\'s name is read out. Sid bets on Joey\'s tips and makes several large wins – including a vital £1,000 loaned to W.C. when the banks refuse a bridging loan – before Sid is barred by his bookie. The strikers finally return to work, but it is only to attend the annual works outing, a coach trip to Brighton. A good time is had by all with barriers coming down between workers and management, thanks largely to that great social lubricant, alcohol. W.C. becomes intoxicated and spends the day – and it seems the night – with his faithful, adoring secretary, Miss Hortense Withering . Lew Boggs manages to win Myrtle from Vic Spanner, giving his rival a beating, and the couple elope. After arriving home late after the outing and with Fred away, Chloe invites Sid in for a cup of tea. They fight their desires and ultimately decide not to have the tea fearing that neighbours might see Sid enter Chloe\'s home and get the wrong idea. At the picket lines the next day, Vic gets his comeuppance – partly at the hands of his mother  – and the workers and management all pull together to produce the big order to save the firm.'] ['Norman , a lowly stock clerk at Burridge\'s department store, is in love with another employee, Sally Wilson , though he has been unable to muster the courage to let her know how he feels. After he antagonizes the new head of the store, Augustus Freeman , he is promptly fired. On his way out, Norman helps Miss Bacon  carry her bulging suitcases, unaware that she is an audacious shoplifter. Freeman sees Norman assisting a "customer" and rehires him. Meanwhile, Peggy Drew , the store\'s personnel manager, flirts with Mr. Freeman, while plotting with her boyfriend Gerald  to rob the place. Norman is fired and rehired again and again, as his escapades somehow manage to benefit the store. He also finally becomes acquainted with Sally, chasing her down through the city streets to return her purse. His antics make her laugh. After his latest firing, Norman is alarmed to find the handsome, suave Gerald trying to get to know Sally better. When he goes to the man\'s apartment to warn him to stay away from her, Norman inadvertently uncovers the robbery plot, scheduled to coincide with a big sale the next day. But, he is unable to get Sally or anyone else to take him seriously. Sally eventually decides to bring Norman\'s story to the attention of the management, but tells the wrong person, Miss Drew, and is tied up for her efforts. Norman finds her and together, they foil the thieves. Freeman takes Norman back into his employ...but not for long.'] ["In A Night At the Opera, the Marx brothers help two young lovers to succeed in love as well as in the opera world. Otis B. Driftwood  is hired by widowed socialite hopeful Mrs. Claypool  to help her break into high society, but he instead alternately woos and insults her. At the last opera performance of the season in Italy, of Pagliacci, Otis meets Fiorello , who is the best friend and manager of Riccardo ([[Allan Jones , an opera singer who longs for his big break and who is in love with fellow opera singer Rosa . However, Riccardo's dreams are thwarted by the star of the opera, Lassparri , an egotistical man who wants fame&mdash;and Rosa&mdash;for himself. Otis signs Riccardo to a contract, thinking he is signing Lassparri ; Lassparri, meanwhile, is signed for the New York opera by the manager of the opera company, Herman Gottlieb . Although Riccardo and Fiorello are not allowed to accompany the troupe on their trip to New York, they manage to stow away on the ship, hiding in Otis's trunk, along with another of Fiorello's friends, Tomasso , a dresser who got fired by Lassparri . In New York, to protect their identities, the three stowaways pretend to be three famous aviators. They are forced to make a speech, however, since Harpo is mute, he fails to do so, causing people to get suspicious. Tommaso's identity is quickly revealed when his fake beard falls off. They hide in Otis's apartment after escaping. Otis finds out from a newspaper that the stowaways are being pursued by the police for entering the country illegally. Otis ends up losing his position with the opera to Gottlieb. When they find out that Rosa has been fired for siding with Riccardo, the boys spring into action, sabotaging the opening night performance of Il Trovatore by throwing it into total chaos. With the police and Gottlieb after him, Tommaso turns off the lights. While the lights are off, Lassparri and Otis end up in a box. Tommaso pulls the box up before the lights turn on. Finding that Lassparri has disappeared, Gottlieb desperately asks Riccarrdo and Rosa to sing. As they finish singing, the box Otis and Lassparri are in drops to the ground. Lassparri tries to perform, only to be booed by the audience. Riccardo and Rosa once again sing. The film ends with Otis and Fiorello telling Gottlieb that because they signed the contract, they get ten percent each from the profit Ricarrdo and Rosa make from singing."] ["While his cousin Rusty Williams  is away at Agricultural College, prospector Shorty  fills in at Rusty's struggling Reno, Nevada spread as the ranch foreman. He spends his time looking for an angle at the Wagon Wheel Cafe Casino, and hooks up with two vagrants  after they accidentally win big at roulette. Along with two stranded New York singers  and their money, the Stooges and the girls head for the ranch with prospecting plans. Rusty returns home with hope that investor Sam Clemens  will save the ranch's cattle and mining operations, and finds Shorty and the gang's plans interfering. Complicating matters further, inept ranch hands  mistake Clemens for a cattle rustler, and Shorty, Curly and Larry cook up a scheme to get the girls an audition with a vacationing Broadway producer ."] ['Ronnie Dobbs —a redneck petty criminal whose hijinks are caught on tape by a Cops-like television show called Fuzz—is noticed by failing infomercial personality/inventor Terry Twillstein , who notices Dobbs\'s popularity with lowbrow viewers. He promotes the idea for a Ronnie Dobbs show to television executives entitled "Ronnie Dobbs Gets Arrested" in which Ronnie is arrested in a different city each week. The show becomes a phenomenal success leading to a level of fame & fortune that dramatically changes Dobbs life.'] ['{{Plot}} Nice guy John Plummer ([[Jason Lee  is engaged to ditsy Elaine , and intends to use his life savings of $30,000 to put a down payment on a house because he does not want to accept money from her wealthy father, Mr. Warner , who is also John\'s employer and who already considers John unworthy of his daughter. Warner also has a mean dog named Rex who hates John and always agrees with his master. Simultaneously, his niece Noreen , daughter of John\'s "trailer-trash" sister, Patty , is accepted to Harvard University, but needs an additional $30,000 on top of her grants and scholarships in order to attend. Noreen shows her uncle John a videotape made many years ago, at which time he promised to pay for Noreen\'s college education when the time came if she were to work hard and be accepted to a university. John now has a moral and financial dilemma—disappoint his fiancee and prove her father right by showing that he cannot provide for Elaine, or disappoint his niece, sister, and her friends, who all look up to him, and take away his niece\'s only chance to escape from a life of lower class poverty. John\'s best friend from high school days, who was picked on severely and cried nearly all the time, was an eccentric loser landscaper Walter \'Duff\' Duffy  tells John that one of his rich landscaping clients keeps large amounts of cash in an unlocked safe, and that no one is ever in the home on Sunday nights. Duff convinces John, who is bitterly opposed to the idea, that stealing from the homeowner would be alright, because no one will be hurt and the man\'s insurance company will reimburse the homeowner, justifying it by saying that insurance companies deserve to be ripped off, because they rip off the public. John reluctantly agrees, and he and Duff set out to steal the cash, but Duff runs off when lights come on in the home, leaving John staring down the barrel of the homeowner, Honorable Emmett Cook \'s gun. Rather than being shot or turned over to the police, John instead finds himself forced at gunpoint to cross-dress and role-play the part of Cook\'s late wife as the two men lie in bed and "spoon." Eventually, after taking an incriminating photograph of John, one of many identical photos Cook keeps in an album while explaining to John that he is "not gay, I just miss my wife," Cook releases him. As he is leaving, Mr. Warner and his dog are riding by, and takes note of John\'s panicked behavior, believing that he has caught John in an affair which will be evidence he can use to persuade his daughter to call off the wedding. Further capers ensue as John and Duff attempt to rob a liquor store and later attempt to con a drug lord out of $30,000 by concocting a phony story about running an ecstasy ring. Meanwhile, a police detective  is on to John and Duff, but never has enough evidence to actually pin any of the crimes on them. Meanwhile, Mr. Warner breaks into the gun-toting Emmett Cook\'s residence in order to get evidence against John, and once Cook catches him, he is forced to "spoon". Cook explains to Warner that he is not gay he just misses his wife. Warner tells Cook that he lost his wife also but he does not try to keep her alive by doing things such as this. Before leaving, Warner finds the incriminating photo of John from the album in hand. Eventually, John is forced to confess everything to his fiancée, after her father confronts her with a photograph of John in drag with Cook. Not only is the fiancée not upset with John, but she now respects and admires him far more for the lengths he was willing to go to in order to provide for her, spare her feelings and send his niece to Harvard. The fiancée Elaine then confides in John that her wealthy father keeps a great deal of money at his business, and that it would be easy for them to steal it. John, Elaine, and Duff set out to rob the business in the night. Unfortunately, Mr. Warner had hid his dog Rex inside the vault. Rex attempts to attack Duff by biting him in the crotch but Rex is instead aroused and does not let go. Duff manages to get the lovestruck dog into a room, so he can try to break a window it make it look like a break in. Duff frantically tries to break a window . The window will not break and Rex, yearning for Duff, finally escapes the room and jumps on top of Duff. Just as John and Elaine find the money, Mr. Warner finds them and tries to attack them but he is caught by the Detective who mistakes him for a burglar. John and Elaine escape to Duff\'s van but Duff is still being chased by Rex and has to jump inside the van but Rex follows them and finally has his way with Duff since there is nowhere else to run. The police arrive and the gang unsuccessfully tries to get away. They are all taken into custody by the detective and facing a series of charges such as: Breaking and enterering, animal cruelty, attempted vehicular manslaughter, , John feels like his goose is cooked, until the judge in charge of his arraignment turns out to be the gun-toting, Emmett Cook. Upon their mutual recognition, John writes, in his lawyer\'s notebook, a message to Cook and flashes it across the court, threatening to expose the judge\'s fetish—upon reading the makeshift sign, Cook quickly dismisses all charges against John. Finally, Duff comes through as best he can and gives John his life savings, $1000, which John bets on a longshot horse which wins and which paid 30 to 1. John and Elaine are married with Mr. Warner, Patty, Emmett Cook and Duff among their wedding guests, Noreen goes off to college, and, in the final scene, John is left to ponder how loser Duff could possibly accumulate $1000—the last scene shows Duff offering to "spoon" with Cook for $1000.'] ["Ted Healy is a salesman for the Schmidt Costume Shop who likes to hang out at the fire station where Moe , Larry and Shemp  work. Old man Schmidt spends more time building crazy inventions  than tending to his business; as a consequence he is bankrupt and his business is taken over by his creditors, who send a young man named Carlson to manage the business. Carlson immediately falls for Mr. Schmidt's niece, Louise, but she resists him. Meanwhile, a certain General Avocado wants to organize a revolution and comes to the costume shop to order uniforms. Ted also swings a deal with the Fire Department to supply costumes for the fireman's ball. Carlson wants to take Louise, so Ted hatches a plan to take Louise, and have himself and Carlson dressed alike, then switch places at the ball. When Louise learns of the switch, she runs back to the shop and locks herself in her room. Carlson chases her home, and unknowingly starts a fire while trying to persuade her to come out. The firemen  arrive to extinguish the blaze — with the unexpected help of one of Old Man Schmidt's inventions — and at last Louise and Carlson are a couple."] ['Awkward and shy 16-year-old high-schooler Ted Stroehmann  lands a prom date with his dream girl Mary Jensen , only to have it cut short by a painful and embarrassing zipper accident. After the ordeal garners the attention of numerous members of the household and community, Ted is finally carted off to the hospital. He subsequently loses touch with Mary. Thirteen years later, Ted is still in love — maybe even obsessed — with Mary. On the advice of his best friend Dom, he hires sleazy private detective Pat Healy to track her down. Healy finds that she is an orthopedic surgeon living in Miami with her friend, Magda, but Healy falls in love with the irresistible Mary as well. Healy resorts to lying, cheating, stalking, and drugging Magda\'s dog to win Mary but is exposed by Mary\'s architect friend, Tucker, who is heavily reliant on crutches, and speaks with a posh English accent. Tucker, however, turns out to be a fraud himself, an able-bodied and entirely American pizza boy who is also in love with Mary. Tucker drives potential rivals away by slander, among them Brett Favre . Ted, aided by Dom, drives down to Florida and seems to have won Mary\'s love, until an anonymous letter exposes his being less than honest about his link to Healy. While Ted confronts Healy and Tucker, Mary is confronted by Dom, who turns out to be her former boyfriend Woogie, who "got weird on her" back in high school, setting up the original prom scenario. Having found out that Tucker also lied about Mary\'s former love interest, football player Brett Favre, Ted decides that Mary should be with Brett, as Brett was the only one who did not resort to deceit to win Mary. After reuniting Brett and Mary, Ted leaves tearfully but Mary chases after him, preferring him over Brett because she is a 49ers fan. The film concludes with the two engaging in a kiss while a guitarist  who narrates/sings along all the story is accidentally shot by Magda\'s boyfriend who was trying to shoot Ted so he could win over Mary.'] ["Lloyd Christmas  and Harry Dunne  are two good natured, though incredibly inept best friends and roommates who share an apartment in Providence. One day while Lloyd is working as a limo driver, he picks up Mary Swanson  who is on her way to the airport. When inquired where she is going, she mentions she is flying to Aspen and Lloyd immediately develops a crush on her. After dropping her off, he notices her leaving a briefcase in the airport terminal and rushes to return it only to fail and to lose his job in the process. Meanwhile, Harry, who is a dog groomer loses his job when he feeds a caravan of animals junk food on their way to a Dog Show. Later that night, after he is robbed of their food and remaining money by a little old lady, Lloyd suggests they leave Providence and start a new life in Aspen, while hesitant to the idea, Harry sees how deeply interested Lloyd is in doing this and agrees. Unbeknownst to the pair, however, Mary Swanson's husband had been kidnapped the suitcase Lloyd has contains ransom money, the kidnappers receive word that Lloyd and Harry have the money and kill Harry's bird Petey in retaliation. As they are leaving, Lloyd scores a little extra cash by selling some of their things including Petey to a blind kid who is convinced that the dead bird is very quiet, much to Harry's horror and amusement. Enroute to Aspen, Harry and Lloyd pick up one of the kidnappers, Mental, posing as a hitchhiker as well as a family of hispanic travelers who drive him crazy singing Mockingbird non-stop until they arrive at a gas station. Learning Mental has a penchant for avoiding spicy foods, Harry and Lloyd spike his food with hot peppers until he collapses from his sensitivity, inadvertently giving him Rat Poison pills intended for them instead of his heart medication and killing him. Later, Lloyd manages to trick a bullying trucker into paying for their meals at a rest stop, and innocently allow a police officer to drink urine from an open container of beer that Lloyd had to pee in when Harry refused to stop . Lloyd accidentally gets turned on the incorrect route while Harry is asleep, which infuriates him when they arrive in Nebraska instead of Colorado. But Lloyd redeems himself by trading in Harry's van for a minibike which takes them all the way to Aspen. Lloyd recognizes Mary in a newspaper promoting a fundraiser dinner, and the two find the suitcase has a lot of money in it, and immediately spend it lavishly. Renting a massive suite at the hotel, buying expensive cars and clothes including a pair of candy-colored outfits to wear to the formal. Lloyd is too nervous however to approach Mary and asks Harry to introduce them, but he unintentionally charms Mary who mistakes Harry's stupidity for intentional humor and they arrange a date to go skiing without Lloyd's knowledge. When Lloyd discovers that he's been stood up and his best friend is dating Mary he sabotages Harry's dinner date with her and goes in her place. When Nicholas, a family friend of the Swansons and secret mastermind behind Bobby's kidnapping discovers Harry and Lloyd spent all of his ransom money, he holds Lloyd and Mary hostage. Harry arrives and is apparently shot dead by him, but as he is about to kill Lloyd, Harry regains consciousness and helps send Nicholas into the hands of the authorities as part of a sting operation. Mary and Bobby are reunited and they give Lloyd and Harry special thanks for helping them. However, their lavish lifestyle is taken away from them, as Harry and Lloyd had spent the FBI's money and they leave Aspen on foot. Eventually coming across a bus load of Hawaiian Tropic bikini models looking for two towel boys to hire. Oblivious to the possibilities, Harry and Lloyd direct them to the nearest town, exclaiming how lucky two guys are going to be to have that opportunity as they continue on toward the horizon."] ['Retired school teacher and divorcee John Gustafson  and former TV repairman and widower Max Goldman , are former childhood friends and longtime next-door neighbors in Wabasha, Minnesota. Their rivalry began decades earlier when John had "stolen" Max\'s high school sweetheart, May, with whom John went on to marry and have two children with, daughter Melanie  and son Brian . Max went on to marry a woman named Amy, with whom he had his son Jacob . Despite their differences, both men lead similar boring and lonely single lives, and share a mutual love of the Minnesota winter pastime of ice fishing, as well as competing, arguing, insulting, and pulling cruel practical jokes on each other whenever possible. A subplot of the film involves John\'s ongoing issues with the Internal Revenue Service , owing thousands in back taxes, and his desperate attempts to avoid field agent Elliot Snyder . The vacant house across the street is being moved into, but neither Max or John know who the new neighbor is until both are awakened at 1:30 AM by the sound of a snowmobile racing up and down the street. They see their beautiful new neighbor is college professor Ariel Truax , who quickly becomes the talk of the town with her exuberant lifestyle and bizarre tactics to get to know her new neighbors. Their mutual lifelong friend Chuck , who owns the lakeside bait shop, advises that they take advantage of the opportunity, as does John\'s 94-year old father, John Sr. . But both men publicly act indifferent over the prospect. At Thanksgiving with their families, John and Max peer longingly out their windows at Ariel\'s house, when they see Chuck arrive at her place with roses and chocolates. Intrigued, both men speed to the bait shop the next morning to find out the details. Chuck says there was no sex, and describes being with Ariel was like being young again. This encourages John and Max to ask Ariel on a date later that evening. Max beats John over to Ariel\'s house, and they go ice fishing the next day. John goes to the bait shop, finding it closed and padlocked, and learns that Chuck has died in his sleep. When Max arrives home, gloating over his "victory" with Ariel, John informs him of Chuck\'s death, and after nearly coming to blows, both men go inside to deal with their grief. John then angrily answers a knock at his door and finds Elliot Snyder, the IRS Agent who he had been avoiding. After arriving back home later that evening, he finds Ariel in his kitchen cooking a meal for them. It seems Ariel has more of a connection to John, due in part to their careers in education. They continue to enjoy fun and intimate moments with each other, until one evening Ariel decides to spend the night. That next morning, after learning what happened, an enraged Max pushes the feud to the next level by using his truck to push John\'s ice shanty towards thin ice with John still in it. John angrily confronts Max, who accuses John of stealing Ariel like he did years earlier with May. After the skirmish is broken up by John Sr., Max painfully reminds John of his tax problems, and that he cannot wait around for another Amy. John decides to let Max "win" and breaks up with Ariel, who does not take the news well. John enters a depression that only worsens when Max and Ariel begin spending time together, culminating on Christmas Eve when his daughter Melanie comes over with her estranged husband Mike , whom John is not fond of. After arguing with Mike, John abruptly leaves and heads to a local tavern. Jacob shows up at the Gustafsons to wish "Merry Christmas" to Melanie, when she asks if he can help get their fathers to make peace for Christmas. Jacob demands Max to end the feud, and go make peace. Max has no idea that John is depressed over Ariel, and when Max\'s half-hearted peacemaking efforts prove futile, John questions Max\'s love for Ariel and leaves. Finally realizing that John loves Ariel, Max leaves moments later to finish the conversation, but finds John in a snowdrift suffering a massive heart attack. With John clinging to life in a hospital, Max decides to call off the feud, and tell Ariel everything. She then goes to the hospital and reconciles with him. While John is recovering, an unsympathetic Mr. Snyder discloses to Max that John owes $57,000 due to penalties and interest, and plans to get the money by selling his house. Max then barricades John\'s front door, and gets Jacob, now mayor of Wabasha, to get an injunction against the IRS from seizing John\'s property. John and Ariel marry several months later, as Max helps pay John\'s taxes, thanks to Jacob\'s getting the penalties and interest waived and Max putting up the $13,000 he owes as a loan. That night, Max goes to a VFW event in hopes of meeting a woman. His son, Jacob, takes that opportunity to go to John\'s house to visit Melanie. As the credits are rolling, many outtakes of the film play including several alternate versions of the scene involving Jack Lemmon and Burgess Meredith at the window as they watch Chuck woo Ariel. Later, at the end of the credits, Walter Matthau is taking a bath, saying directly to the audience, "If I knew there was a nude scene in this picture, I would have asked for another million!"'] ["Laurel and Hardy play the roles of a footman  and doorman  at an upper class hotel. Jean Harlow also makes a brief appearance in this film, as a blonde bombshell who gets partially stripped by Laurel & Hardy. One of the funnier scenes is one with an automatic elevator. A haughty prince tries to get on the elevator from the first floor. Simultaneously Oliver summons the elevator. For some reason the outer doors don't close and when the prince  tries to step in, he falls into the elevator well. Oliver rides down in the elevator and disappears. The prince is pulled out of the well, all disheveled and dirty. He tries it again. This time Stan summons the elevator and the whole thing repeats."] ['The film revolves around college football and a game between the fictional Darwin and Huxley Colleges.  Many of the jokes about the amateur status of collegiate football players and how eligibility rules are stretched by collegiate athletic departments remain remarkably current.Horse Feathers at Filmsite.org. Groucho plays Quincy Adams Wagstaff, the new president of Huxley College, and Zeppo is his son Frank, who convinces his father to recruit professional football players to help Huxley\'s team. There are also many references to Prohibition. Baravelli  is an "iceman", who delivers ice and bootleg liquor from a local speakeasy. Pinky  is also an "iceman", and a part-time dogcatcher. Through a series of misunderstandings, Baravelli and Pinky are recruited to play on Huxley\'s football team; this requires them to enroll as students at Huxley, which creates chaos throughout the school. The climax of the movie, often referenced as one of the greatest football-related scenes in movie history,[http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/page2/story?pagehttp://www.time.com/time/magazine/0,9263,7601320815,00.html |title2007-04-02 |last |authorlink |date |month |publisher |language |archivedate }}'] ["The story involves Arbuckle as a farm boy marrying his sweetheart, Normand. They have their honeymoon with Fatty's dog Luke, at a cottage on the seashore. At high tide that night, Al St. John  and his confederates set the cottage adrift. Fatty and Mabel awaken the next morning to find themselves surrounded by water in their bedroom, and the house afloat."] ['Malcolm Turner  has been assigned a desk job in public relations as an FBI agent, since he wants to live with his new wife, Sherry Pierce , during her delivery for the couple\'s new baby boy. Meanwhile, an incident occurs in Orange County, California, where Malcolm\'s old friend, Doug Hudson , has been killed while he was going undercover. FBI agent Kevin Keneally  is doing surveillance on a former U.S. Army military intelligence specialist named Tom Fuller , who has since retired and is working for a private corporation called National Agenda Software. The FBI has reasons to believe that Tom is developing a computer worm which will create backdoors into data stored on U.S. intelligence agency databases. Malcolm, affected by his friend\'s death, asks FBI chief, Crawford  to put him on the case, but Crawford refused Malcolm and tells him to stay away for safety reasons. By eavesdropping via the webcam, Malcolm finds out that the FBI is sending one of the agents to infiltrate Fuller\'s house as a nanny. Giving Sherry the pretext of attending a safety conference in Phoenix, Arizona, Malcolm leaves for Orange County, taking with him the "Big Momma" costume. Malcolm reprises his disguise as Big Momma from the original film and showing up at Fuller\'s house as Mrs. Fuller  is interviewing several other candidates. Big Momma eliminates the three other applicants for the nanny position by pointing out the sexually attractive qualities of the first, the drug use of the second, and the concealed firearm of the third. Big Momma meets the three Fuller children: Molly , Carrie , and Andrew. After failing to perform the housekeeping tasks assigned to her, Big Momma is fired, and works all night cleaning up and makes a large breakfast. Upon seeing it the next day, Mrs. Fuller changes her mind when the family awakes to find this. Big Momma is soon accepted within the household and becomes a daily part of their lives. His tasks include accompanying Mrs. Fuller to the spa, taking the family to the beach, watching out for trouble, and simply playing a game of bingo as part of her routine. After Big Momma finds out the password from Tom, Molly calls him who tells her that she needs her at a nightclub. Big Momma goes at once, only to find that Molly was lured by Fuller\'s bosses, who kidnaps her and Big Momma. Big Momma and Molly are tied up and placed in the back of the van. Big Momma has a switchblade, which Molly reaches for and uses to free them. He sees that they are at the waterfront and witnesses Tom giving a disc to a man who puts it in his laptop and is granted full access to FBI data. Big Momma gets on a jet ski and jumps it onto the dock, sending it into two men, and landing on one himself. Big Momma helps Tom and they attempt to escape, but one of the men shot him. The FBI shows up, and Keneally gave Malcolm the handcuffs to put on Tom, but Malcolm tells the agent in charge that Tom\'s family was threatened, and that no charges should be filed. Malcolm and Keneally agree, and the case is closed. Sometimes later, Big Momma goes to the girls\' state cheerleading championships. Their stuntwoman broke her leg, and Big Momma helps them out by doing the routine and winning the competition. He later leaves and gives the family a farewell letter saying he must go on, but to look out, because one day he might be back.'] ['A parody of Westerns, it is set in the fictitious town of Stodge City . An outlaw known as The Rumpo Kid  arrives in town and quickly turns the quiet town into a base for his network of cattle rustlers and thieves, despite the limited protests of the inept Judge Burke , who is also the town\'s teetotaling mayor. When the inept sheriff, Albert Earp , is brought in, he is quickly dispatched by Rumpo. In Washington DC, Englishman Marshal P. Knutt , a "sanitation engineer first class", arrives in America in the hope of revolutionising the American sewage system. He accidentally walks into the office of the Commissioner, thinking it to be the Public Works Department, and is mistaken for the new US Peace Marshal for Stodge City. The Rumpo Kid hears of the new Marshal, and tries all he can to kill the Marshal without being caught, including sending out a pack of Indians, led by their Chief Big Heap ([[Charles Hawtrey  and hanging the Marshal after framing him for cattle rustling. Knutt is saved by the prowess of Annie Oakley , who has taken a liking to Knutt. Eventually, Knutt runs the Kid out of town, but once Rumpo discovers that Knutt really is a sanitary engineer and not the Peace Marshal he once thought, the Kid swears revenge, returning to Stodge City for a showdown, in an explicit parody of High Noon. By hiding beneath the manholes in the main street , Knutt kills off Rumpo\'s gang, but fails to capture Rumpo, who escapes with the aide of Belle , the local madam.'] ['Professor Julius Kelp , is a nerdy, unkempt, buck-toothed, introverted, accident prone, socially inept university professor whose experiments in the classroom laboratory are less than successful...and hilariously destructive. When a football-playing bully humiliates and assaults him, Kelp decides to "beef up" by joining a local gym. Kelp\'s failure to succeed in the gym prompts him to invent a serum that turns him into the handsome, extremely smooth, cool, and obnoxious girl-chasing hipster, Buddy Love. This new found persona gives him the confidence to pursue one of his students, Stella Purdy . Although she despises Love, she finds herself strangely attracted to him. Buddy wows the crowd with his jazzy, breezy musical delivery and cool demeanor at the Purple Pit, a nightclub where the students hang out. The formula wears off at inopportune times, often to Kelp\'s embarrassment. Although Kelp knows that his alternate persona is an arrogant person, he cannot prevent himself from continually taking the formula as he enjoys the attention that Love receives. As Buddy performs at the annual student dance the formula starts to wear off. His real identity now revealed, Kelp gives an impassioned speech, admitting his mistakes and seeking forgiveness. Kelp says that the one thing he learned from being someone else is that if you don\'t like yourself, you can\'t expect others to like you. Purdy meets Kelp backstage, and confesses that she prefers Kelp over Buddy Love. Eventually, Kelp\'s formerly henpecked father chooses to market the formula , endorsed by the strait-laced Dean of the college who proclaims, "It\'s a gasser!" Kelp\'s father makes a pitch to the chemistry class, and the students all rush forward to buy the new tonic. In the confusion Kelp and Purdy slip out of the class. Armed with a marriage license and two bottles of the formula, they elope.'] ['Stable grooms Laurel and Hardy overhear news of a $5,000 reward for the return of the stolen painting Blue Boy, but think the reward is for the horse at their barn named Blue Boy. When they bring the horse to the painting\'s owner, he speaks to them from an upstairs window where he can\'t see the steed; he tells them to bring Blue Boy in the house and put "him" on the piano. This triggers a running gag where Ollie explains patiently to Stan that , the rich are different from you and me. He punctuates his lesson with a twisting gesture of his hand to demonstrate the 180-degree difference between the classes. The three come clumping through the front door while the millionaire upstairs takes a bath — "and it ain\'t even Saturday," a title card informs us. Ollie has an altercation with a nude statue, which snaps into three pieces after the two tumble to the floor; Hardy, ever the gentleman, safeguards the statue\'s modesty by wrapping its bare torso in his coat while he reassembles it. When the statue\'s back upright and Ollie removes the coat, the torso segment is backwards, so its backside protrudes out from where its midriff should be. Wrong again! Meanwhile, the suddenly obstreperous Blue Boy has taken to chasing Stanley around the house, while a cross-cut reveals that the police have recovered the Blue Boy painting and are making plans to return it. Working together, The Boys manage to lead the horse over to the grand piano, and up he leaps to his high perch. Shots of the millionaire upstairs in his tub reveal that he\'s at least hearing the commotion below. Things seem fine — Blue Boy is placidly up on the piano as his owner has asked — when suddenly a piano leg gives way and Ollie is left literally holding things up, about a ton of piano and horse. Stan rises to his usual degree of helpfulness as the horse, in a bravura performance, keeps nudging his derby off his head and Stan opts to keep retrieving the hat rather than help with the crisis at hand. They finally get the piano leg wedged back under the instrument, but not before Ollie\'s head gets squished between the two. The three agents of The Boys\' undoing all then converge in a perfect storm of bad luck: the millionaire\'s mother returns home , the police arrive with the real Blue Boy, the recovered painting, and the refreshed millionaire descends from his bath to reveal the misunderstanding. Ollie twiddles his tie, apologies for the "faux pas" and he and Stan and Blue Boy make a hasty exit, followed by the irate millionaire with a shotgun. In the process, the priceless painting gets knocked to the floor on top of one of the detectives, whose face pops through the canvas in the exact right spot, replacing Blue Boy\'s face. The short ends with a favorite Roach finale — a gag at the expense of a cop. This one has the officer as the literal butt of the joke: his rump is still smoking from the pellets delivered by the millionaire\'s shotgun.'] ["Jinx Roberts  is a stunt pilot and his assistants are Blackie  and Heathcliffe . All three are fired from the carnival and air show that they work for after a disagreement. Jinx decides that he should join the Army Air Force, so they go to a nightclub to party one last time. While there Jinx falls for the club's singer, Linda Joyce . Coincidentally, she becomes a USO hostess at the same Academy that Jinx and her brother, Jimmy  are enrolled at. It turns out that Jinx's instructor, Craig Morrison , was his co-pilot on a commercial airplane years earlier, and the two still hold animosity for each other. Meanwhile, Blackie and Heathcliffe join the air corps as ground crewman and fall in love with twin USO hostesses . Jinx attempts to help Jimmy solo, nearly getting him killed. For his efforts, Jinx is hated by Linda for nearly killing her brother and is dishonorably discharged from the corps, along with his assistants Blackie and Heathcliffe . As they are leaving, Craig gets his parachute caught on the tail end of the plane that he just jumped out of. Jinx confiscates a plane and comes to his rescue. For his heroic actions, he is allowed back into the corps and got back Linda.<ref name | titleJim Mulholland | publisher80–86 | year}}"] ["The film centers around Stan and Ollie being hired as waiters at an upper class dinner party and subsequently not making a very good job of it. The film starts with Stan and Ollie arriving at the host's house, with Ollie taking charge before even entering the property . The maid shows them inside, where Stan puts their personal card on table with a collection of others. Visible on their card is the slogan, “All we ask is a chance”. A small fight breaks out between Ollie and Stan as a result of Ollie trying to keep Stan from putting his hat on inside the house. After the wife of the household inspects them she gets shown a notice apologizing that the only available waiters were the duo, where it is revealed on the paper that their previous experience in waiting was at railroad eating houses. Ollie comments to the wife's husband that she is “some wiggler!”  and naturally, the husband isn't impressed. The pair get ready to start work in the kitchen where Stan tells the chef  not to wear his hat. Stan takes it off him several times but the chef proceeds to keep putting it back on. Stan soon loses his cool and throws the chefs hat away. The chef retaliates by grabbing the nearest plate and smashing it over Stan's head. Stan does the same back to the chef and they carry on using plates as weapons until Ollie calms things down by stopping Stan from destroying a large, expensive looking plate. However, as Ollie walks off, he trips on the kitchen floor and smashes the plate, causing him to be embarrassed by the onlooking maid. Meanwhile the party goes on, oblivious to the impending disaster awaiting them. The wife of the household isn't having an easy time either, as she struggles to eat her fruit cocktail with the cutlery provided. Her predicament carries on throughout the film. Stan and Ollie come into the room as they are about to start serving food. Stan manages to pour, what looks like soup, onto Ollie's foot while he counts the guests. Ollie begins carrying a very large cake to the table but slips on a banana skin left by the family dog and lands head first into the cake. Ollie manages to do this more than once in the film, much to the bemusement of the guests, and of Stan, who accuses him of falling over on purpose at one point. The pair spend most of the film falling down while trying to serve the food, much to the anger of the husband of the household. This is one of the first films to show Stan getting cross for once, as he loses his temper with Ollie's incompetence and with the guests. The wife then asks Ollie to serve the salad “undressed”. Ollie tells Stan to do this who, confused, heads to the kitchen to tell the maid what he has to do. The maid says, “I always serve it that way...”. Stan can't believe this but goes ahead and dresses down to his underwear to serve the salad. The film ends with the husband and wife discovering Stan undressed, and after a futile attempt by Ollie to put a jacket on Stan and ask, “How's that - perfect?”, Ollie gets hit by the wife and falls into yet another cake."] ["A fishery is seeking court action against a local chemical factory for polluting the water. The mysterious chemical company hires lawyer Jackie Lung  to find information that will discredit the fishery. He employs his arms dealer friend, Wong  to woo the fishery owner, Miss Yip , to try to convince her to settle out of court. Lung also brings in crackpot inventor and professional criminal, Tung , to bug her apartment. Unfortunately, Wong and Tung are unaware of each others' roles and soon come into confrontation, whilst Lung tries to maintain the peace. Wong falls for Miss Yip, whilst Lung woos her cousin, Miss Wen , an environmental scientist who is going to testify on Miss Yip's behalf. The three men inadvertently discover that the chemical company is just a facade for a narcotics empire, ran by Hua Hsien-Wu . They soon come up against Hua's thugs, and ultimately infiltrate the factory for a showdown with Hua himself and his henchman - martial arts master ."] ['This film takes place in the city of Rome sometime during the reign of Emperor Nero. Pseudolus  is "the lyingest, cheatingest, sloppiest slave in all of Rome", whose only wish is to buy his freedom from his master\'s parents, the henpecked Senex  and his dominating wife Domina . When he finds out that his master, Senex\'s handsome but dim son Hero , has fallen in love with Philia , a beautiful virgin courtesan from the house of Marcus Lycus , buyer and seller of beautiful women. Next door, Pseudolus makes a deal: he will get the girl for Hero in return for his freedom. Unfortunately, the virgin has been sold to the great Roman soldier, Captain Miles Gloriosus , who even now is on his way from conquering Crete to claim her as his bride. Pseudolus blackmails his overseer, Hysterium  into masquerading as the corpse of Philia to fool the captain, but things go wrong at every turn. In the end, the boy gets the girl; Senex\'s next-door neighbor Erronius  finds that Philia and Miles Gloriosus are in fact his long-lost children; and Pseudolus gets his freedom, a beautiful concubine to be his wife, and a dowry of 10,000 minae, compliments of Marcus Lycus.'] ['The film’s plot is another family misadventure, full of over-the-top slapstick. Chase and D’Angelo again portray the married couple Clark and Ellen Griswold, living in suburban Chicago with two children, Rusty and Audrey. The family competes in a game show called Pig in a Poke and wins an all-expenses-paid trip to Europe. In a whirlwind tour of western Europe, chaos of all sorts ensues. They stay in a fleabag London hotel with a sloppy, tattooed Cockney desk clerk . While in their English rental car, an orange Austin Maxi, Clark drives his family endlessly around the busy Lambeth Bridge roundabout for hours, unable to maneuver his way out of traffic due to the opposite direction of American driving. His wrong-way driving habits cause him to repeatedly crash into cars and knock over a frightened bicyclist  who reappears in different scenes as if by coincidence. At Stonehenge, Clark backs their Citroën into a priceless, ancient stone monolith, knocking all the stones down like dominoes, which they do not even notice as they happily leave the scene. While the family are at Stonehenge, Clark shouts for Rusty, who is standing right behind him. Rusty then replies, "Yeah Dad?" This conversation is a callback to a similar one which took place in National Lampoon\'s Vacation after Clark crashed the car in the middle of the desert. In Paris, Clark throws Rusty\'s beret cap off the Eiffel Tower observation deck, causing a lady\'s dachshund to jump off after it; later, young Rusty meets a hooker at a bawdy Paris can-can dance show. While in Paris, the family\'s video camera is stolen by a passerby  whom Clark had asked to take a picture of the family. Also, Clark, with his terrible French, manages to insult every native Frenchman. The Griswolds burst in on a bewildered, elderly German village couple , who they mistakenly think are relatives but who serve them dinner anyhow, not knowing each other\'s languages. Clark manages to turn a lively thigh-slapping Bavarian folk dance stage performance, into an all-out street brawl, after which he, fleeing hastily, gets their Citroën DS stuck in a too-narrow medieval archway after knocking down several street vendors\' stands. In Rome, the Griswolds rent a car at a travel office. However, they don\'t know that the real manager is restrained by two thieves. The leader thief gives them a car with the real manager in the trunk. He claims that he lost the keys to the trunk. Later the Griswolds go shopping. The next day Ellen is shocked to discover that private, sexy videos of her from the family\'s previously stolen video camera have been used in a billboard advertising a pornographic movie, leaving her completely humiliated. After screaming her anger at Clark , Ellen storms off to the hotel they are staying at and encounters the thief who sold them the car. She confesses her recent troubles. She is still unaware that he is a thief. The man then tries to get the car keys, which are in her purse. However he fails and then the police arrive at the hotel and Ellen tries to escape. She is kidnapped by him, prompting Clark to rescue her. At the end while flying back to the U.S.A., Clark causes the plane to "knock" the Statue of Liberty\'s torch upside down. Cameo appearances are made by John Astin , Moon Unit Zappa, Robbie Coltrane, Maureen Lipman, Leslie Phillips, Ballard Berkeley, Eric Idle and a musical appearance by The Power Station .'] ['A film production company decides to make a new science fiction film in an army barracks, using the soldiers as extras. This does not go down well with the commanding officer, who attempts to make life as difficult as possible for the film crew.'] ['Folks! tells the story of Jon Aldrich , a successful stockbroker who is living the good life with a wife and kids until his aging father with dementia accidentally burns down his own house. Jon tries to get his sister, Arlene Aldrich  who has two sons of her own but is an irresponsible gold digger, but she won\'t even open the door. As a result his father Harry Aldrich/Pop  and his mother Mildred Alrdich  have to move in with him and his family. That is the moment that his good life starts going down hill. The company he works for was apparently doing illegal things which Jon knew nothing of, but no one believes him therefore he loses his job. The problems for Jon continue to mount up as the family becomes broke, his wife Audrey  thinks moves out with the kids, and they lose all their furniture and belongs except their apartment. Harry continues to unintentionally injure Jon, causing him hearing lost, a broken hand, a car runs over his foot, and he manages to lose a testicle. Jon slowly starts to lose his own sanity, but in a brief moment of his own sanity Harry tells Jon that he never wanted to be a burden on him but he soon slips back into his state of dementia, where he is just happy all the time and often yells out "McDonalds". Jon talks with his mother who also says that she and his father never wanted to be a burden on him. She then tells him that she and his father have discussed it, and they want Jon to help them die so he can collect the insurance money. Jon is totally against this at first but after a while he changes his tune. Jon helps his parents try to commit suicide many unsuccessful times and half way through the attempts Jon\'s sister Arlene shows up on his doorsteps with both of her corpulent sons in need of a place to live. Jon refuses at first due to the fact that she would not even open the door for them but he eventually caves in and lets them stay. Arlene also joins in on the attempts to help their parents die, hoping for a cut of the insurance money. Though her attempts are also unsuccessful. Things slowly start looking up for Jon as Audrey eventually shows up home to tell John she was wrong for leaving and how much she loves the fact that he was willing to take in both of his parents. Upon her arrival she realizes all all the injuries Jon has suffered since she saw him last, including the missing testicle. As they are reconciling Jon realizes that Arlene and his parents are gone and he knows they are going to try to commit suicide again with the help of his sister, so he tracks them down in an attempt to stop them which he successfully does, but not without facing a bit more injury. Alrdich eventually get their lives on track. Jon and Audrey buy a house and Jon\'s parents live with them. Arlene is now with a man who knows how to handle her bad behaving children. At the end we finally find out that Harry hasn\'t been yelling McDonalds because he was hungry, he was yelling it because he bought stock in McDonnell Douglas years and years ago, meaning he is worth tons of money.'] ['Slow-witted army private Cuthbert Hope  manages to makes life miserable for his gruff Top Sargeant Banner . Banner must also report back to firm Captain Bustle Finlayson.'] ["Oliver Hardy and Stan Laurel are vagabonds being chased by the police. They hide in the cellar of the mansion of a Quatermain-esque adventurer, Col. Buckshot ([[James Finlayson , who departs for a safari in South Africa. The mansion is to be rented out until his return, but the staff sneak off for a holiday, leaving the house empty. The boys are surrounded by police and have to deceive a honeymooning couple wanting to rent the house. Oliver disguises himself as Buckshot and Stan disguises himself as both butler and chambermaid. During a girl-talk scene with Thelma Todd and Stan , Stan's comments get sillier and sillier. The real Colonel returns, but Stan and Ollie escape dressed as a pantomime wildebeest on a stolen tandem bicycle."] ['"Slammin" Cleon Salmon  is a former world heavyweight boxing champion who retired to open a sports-themed restaurant in Miami. His antics lead him to believe that he owes $20,000 to the head of the Japanese Yakuza. Needing to come up with the money in one night, he challenges the wait staff to sell more food than they have ever sold, with the top waiter receiving $10,000 in cash and the lowest waiter getting a "broken ribs sandwich" courtesy of the champ. Zany hijinks ensue as the staff try to one-up each other and win the prize while avoiding a beating. In the end, Cleon realizes that he only owed 20,000 Yen to the Japanese Yakuza  and shares the takings with the wait staff. But before he goes to give the Japanese Yakuza the money, he beats up Guy since he was the lowest selling waiter.'] ['Planet Spaceball, led by President Skroob , has wasted all of its air. Skroob schemes to steal air from the planet Druidia by kidnapping the daughter of King Roland , Princess Vespa , on the day of her pre-arranged wedding to the narcoleptic Prince Valium . Skroob sends Dark Helmet  to complete this task with Spaceball One, an impossibly huge ship helmed by Colonel Sandurz . Before they can arrive, Vespa herself abandons her marriage and flees the planet along with her Droid of Honor, Dot Matrix , in her personal Mercedes spaceship. King Roland contacts the mercenary Captain Lone Starr  and his mawg  sidekick, Barf , offering a lucrative reward to retrieve Vespa before she is captured. Lone Starr readily accepts, as he is in major debt with the space gangster Pizza the Hutt . Lone Starr and Barf, in their Winnebago space ship , reach Vespa before Spaceball One, rescue her and Dot, and escape into hyperspace. Running out of fuel, they crash on the nearby desert "Moon of Vega", and find their way to a cave occupied by the wise old Yogurt . Yogurt introduces Lone Starr to the power of "The Schwartz". Yogurt also introduces the audience to the film\'s merchandising campaign, which becomes prevalent throughout the rest of the film. During their respite on the moon, Lone Starr and Vespa begin to flirt, but Vespa insists she can only be married to a prince. Spaceball One, by breaking the fourth wall, has been able to track down Lone Starr, capture Vespa, and return with her to the planet Spaceball. The Spaceballs threaten to reverse Vespa\'s nose job, forcing Roland to give over the code to the shield that protects Druidia. Dark Helmet takes Spaceball One to Druidia, and transforms the ship into Mega Maid, a giant robotic maid with a vacuum cleaner that begins sucking the air from the planet. Lone Starr, with Yogurt\'s help in repairing his ship and training in the Schwartz, races to the planet Spaceball to rescue Vespa, and then returns to Druidia, using the Schwartz to reverse the robot\'s sucking action and returning the air to the planet. Lone Starr and his allies enter the Mega Maid to attempt to destroy the robot. Lone Starr is forced to fight against Dark Helmet near the ship\'s self-destruct button, and manages to best him, causing Dark Helmet to accidentally strike the button himself. Lone Starr and his friends escape the ship, while Skroob, Dark Helmet, and Colonel Sandurz fail to reach any escape pods in time, and are left stranded aboard the robot\'s head as the robot explodes. They land on a nearby planet, much to the regret of its ape population. His debt to Pizza nullified after Pizza\'s untimely death , Lone Starr returns Vespa to Roland and quietly leaves, taking only enough money to cover his expenses. After a disastrous lunch break at a diner , he finds a final message from Yogurt informing him that he is a prince and thus eligible to marry Vespa. Lone Starr reaches Druidia in time to stop her wedding to Valium, announcing his royal lineage, and marries Vespa himself.'] ['Tommy Fawkes is the son of comedy legend George Fawkes. After his own Las Vegas comedy act flops, Tommy returns to Blackpool, England, where he spent the summers of his childhood. Disguised with a new identity, Tommy intends to seek out unique performers and purchase their acts. During this time, Tommy encounters his father\'s old comedy partners, Bruno and Thomas Parker. Once great performers, they now work as ghouls on a ghost train at Blackpool Pleasure Beach Circus. Bruno\'s son Jack is a brilliant comic, but psychologically troubled. He has also been manipulated by a corrupt policeman known as Sharkey into stealing valuable wax eggs from smugglers. Tommy also meets Jack\'s mother Katie. Even though Tommy is in disguise, she suspects that he is somehow connected to the family. Tommy eventually realises that his father stole his original act from the Parker brothers. He then reveals himself to be Tommy Fawkes and Katie tells him that Jack is his half-brother. Tommy phones his father about the revelation and George gets on the next plane to Blackpool. As part of their reconciliation, George arranges for the Parkers to top the bill at a Blackpool Tower Circus event. However, Jack is still hounded by Sharkey and cannot perform. During an elaborate Egyptian act, Katie gets rid of Sharkey via a sarcophagus, which is then kidnapped by the smugglers. The wax eggs contained a mystical, ancient Chinese rejuvenating powder. Jack had previously placed the powder within a makeup tin, which Bruno and Thomas accidentally use, helping them to perform brilliantly. Toward the end of the show, Jack is seen climbing a giant pole chased by a policeman. Jack smacks the policeman in the face with a glass bottle and the policeman begins to fall. However, Jack is strong enough to hold him in mid air and then the camera reveals that Tommy is the policeman. Jack then says to Tommy, "They\'re beginning to like you." Jack laughs and Tommy, suddenly no longer afraid, gazes at the audience and finds the feeling he was searching for all his life.'] ['At a circus midway, the penniless and hungry Tramp  is mistaken for a pickpocket and chased by both the police and the real crook . Running away, the Tramp stumbles into the middle of a performance and unknowingly becomes the hit of the show. The ringmaster/proprietor of the struggling circus gives him a tryout the next day, but the Tramp fails miserably. However, when the property men quit because they have not been paid, he gets hired on the spot to take their place. Once again, he inadvertently creates comic mayhem during a show. The ringmaster craftily hires him as a poorly paid property man. The Tramp befriends Merna , a horse rider who is treated badly by her ringmaster stepfather. She later informs the Tramp that he is the star of the show, forcing the ringmaster to pay him accordingly. With the circus thriving because of him, the Tramp also is able to secure better treatment for Merna. After overhearing a fortune teller inform Merna that she sees "love and marriage with a dark, handsome man who is near you now", the overjoyed Tramp buys a ring from another clown. Alas for him, she meets Rex , the newly hired tightrope walker. The Tramp eavesdrops as she rushes to tell the fortune teller that she has fallen in love with the new man. With his heart broken, the Tramp is unable to entertain the crowds. After several poor performances, the ringmaster warns him he has only one more chance. When Rex cannot be found for a performance, the ringmaster  sends the Tramp out in his place. Despite a few mishaps, including several mischievous escaped monkeys, he manages to survive the experience. However, when he sees the ringmaster slapping Merna around afterward, he beats the man and is fired. Merna runs away to join him. The Tramp finds and brings Rex back with him to marry Merna. The trio go back to the circus. The ringmaster starts berating his stepdaughter, but stops when Rex informs him that she is his wife. When the traveling circus leaves, the Tramp remains behind. He picks himself up and starts walking jauntily away.'] ['Charlie Baileygates  is an 18-year veteran Rhode Island State Police trooper who has been taken advantage of by people throughout most of his life. Immediately after his marriage, his wife, Layla , cheats on him with a dwarf African-American limousine driver, named Shonté ([[Tony Cox , who, like Layla, is a member of the high IQ group Mensa. Although Charlie\'s friends try informing him of his wife\'s infidelity, he still denies the possibility. One year later, Layla abandons Charlie and runs off with Shonté; leaving Charlie to raise three biracial sons who are the products of Layla\'s adulterous affair with the limo driver. Charlie never sees his wife again. Charlie raises his illegitimate triplet sons using very vulgar language and spoiling them with sweets and unbalanced diets. Charlie\'s three sons become obese and foul-mouthed young adults, but they are also highly intelligent  and they treat Charlie much better than anyone else. His wife\'s affair and abandonment leaves Charlie so emotionally damaged that he lets himself be abused and taken advantage of by others. Despite his friendliness and his being a police officer, the townspeople reject Charlie\'s authority with open scorn. After many years of continuous abuse by the people around him, his anger builds up and Charlie develops a rude and violent split personality named Hank, caused by "advanced delusionary schizophrenia with involuntary narcissistic rage". As Hank, he goes around retaliating against anyone who has accosted him — and even harms those who really haven\'t. A psychiatrist prescribes a medicine to keep Hank suppressed. Believing that Charlie needs a vacation, his commanding officer , orders him to escort a woman named Irene Waters  from Rhode Island to Massena, New York, because she reportedly committed a hit-and-run. Irene insists the hit-and-run accusation was created by Dickie, Irene\'s mob-connected ex-boyfriend, and corrupt police officers in his employ. When some hit men arrive with a contract on Irene\'s life, Charlie agrees to help her escape, while a United States Environmental Protection Agency  agent is killed by the hit men. Charlie leaves his medicine behind, causing his alter ego, Hank, to surface any time he wants. The FBI suspects that Charlie is responsible for assassinating the EPA agent. The FBI joins Charlie\'s commander in pursuing Charlie and Irene. Charlie\'s sons pretend to work with the police to find their father, but throw the police off his trail and even steal a police helicopter to get to Charlie before the police do. Along the way, Irene and Charlie grow close. However, Hank\'s random appearances both disgust and frighten Irene. Hank\'s aggression and resourcefulness aid in their survival, but Irene finds herself attracted to Charlie. Hank tells Irene the truth about Charlie\'s life, and how years of humiliation have destroyed Charlie\'s confidence as a man and a police officer. Hank has plastic surgery performed on Charlie\'s face, and uses hours of careful cunning to trick Irene into sleeping with him by posing as the good-natured Charlie. They meet a mild-mannered but mysterious young man named Whitey . They continue their journey as a trio, until Whitey calmly tells Charlie the story of how he brutally murdered his entire family. Charlie and Irene, frightened by this, sneak away in the night. Meanwhile, Dickie orders corrupt agents to kill both Charlie and Irene. After they fail, Dickie decides to settle the matter himself. During the confrontation with Dickie, Charlie finally manages to eliminate the alternate personality and regain the courage to rescue Irene. Eventually, he manages to stop Dickie, but only after Dickie shoots off one of Charlie\'s thumbs. Charlie is also aided in the fight by Whitey, who reappears to throw a lawn dart into Dickie\'s back; killing him. Charlie thanks Whitey for saving his life, and apologizes for making him kill again, but Whitney then explains that he made up the story in order to seem cool to Charlie, and that his family now lives in Arizona. With Hank gone, and Dickie\'s crew dead or behind bars, Irene is finally free to return to her old life. However, just after she drives away from Charlie\'s house, the Rhode Island State Police fakes an arrest on her and gives Charlie a chance to propose to her.'] ['An organized crime wave strikes across Europe. Suspecting a mole within Scotland Yard, the Prime Minister brings Clouseau in to solve the case. Clouseau foils two assassination attempts but is subsequently kidnapped. The gang uses him to make masks of his face which they later use to commit a series of daring bank robberies across Switzerland. Eventually, Clouseau foils the plot and unmasks the traitor within the Yard.'] ['{{plot}} The year is 1893: solicitor Thomas Renfield  travels all the way from London to "Castle Dracula" in Transylvania to finalise Count Dracula\'s purchase of Carfax Abbey in England. As the sun sets, and the stagecoach driver refuses to take him any further, Renfield continues on foot despite the villagers  pleading with him to turn back. Renfield arrives safely and meets Count Dracula , a charming but rather strange man who is, of course, a vampire. He then casts a hypnotic spell on the suggestible Renfield, making him his slave. Dracula and Renfield soon embark for England. During the voyage, Dracula dines upon the ship\'s crew. When the ship arrives and Renfield  is discovered alone on the ship, he is confined to a lunatic asylum. Meanwhile, Dracula visits an opera house, where he introduces himself to his new neighbors: Doctor Seward , Seward\'s assistant Jonathan Harker ([[Steven Weber , Seward\'s nubile daughter Mina , and Seward\'s ward, the equally nubile Lucy . Dracula flirts with Lucy and, later that night, enters her bedroom and feeds on her blood. The next day, Mina discovers Lucy still in bed late in the morning, looking strangely pale. Seward, puzzled by the odd puncture marks on her throat, calls in an expert on obscure diseases, Dr. Abraham Van Helsing . Van Helsing informs the skeptical Dr. Seward that Lucy has been attacked by a vampire. After some hesitation, Seward and Harker allow garlic to be placed in Lucy\'s bedroom to repel the vampire. Dracula uses mind-control to make Lucy leave her room, and kills her in the garden. Van Helsing meets Dracula and begins to suspect him of being the local vampire. Lucy, now a vampire herself, rises from her crypt, drains the blood from her guard, and tries to attack Harker. Van Helsing rushes in just in time and chases her back to her coffin with a crucifix. Jonathan drives a stake into Lucy\'s heart, allowing her to at last rest in peace. Dracula\'s next victim is Mina, but he has bigger plans for her; he wants her to be his undead bride throughout eternity. He spirits her away to Carfax Abbey, where they dance, and he sucks her blood. The following morning, she is unusually frisky, and tries to seduce the prudish Jonathan. Van Helsing becomes suspicious at this strange behavior. Noticing a scarf around Mina\'s neck, he removes it, revealing two puncture marks. Van Helsing devises a plan to reveal Count Dracula\'s secret identity. He invites the Count to a ball, and places a huge mirror, covered with a curtain, on one of the walls. The curtain over the mirror is dropped, and guests are stunned to see that Dracula has no reflection. Dracula grabs Mina and escapes out a window. Van Helsing deduces that Renfield is Dracula\'s slave, and thus might know where he keeps his coffin. He lets him out of his cell, and the three men secretly follow him to Dracula\'s lair. Once discovered, the Count locks himself in a room to finish making Mina his bride. His pursuers break down the door, and they fight. Van Helsing, noticing sunlight creeping into the room, starts opening the blinds. As his body begins to burn, Dracula transforms himself into a bat to flee, but is inadvertently killed by the inept Renfield opening a panel of the roof. With Dracula finally vanquished, Renfield falls into despair with no master to serve. They says him "You are free, now", and he thinks: "Yes, I\'m free". But when Dr. Seward calls for Renfield to come, the imbecile follows with "Yes Master". Van Helsing dusts himself off, opens Dracula\'s coffin and yells something in moldavian and ensure that he has the final word between him and the count.'] ['Wilbur Hoolick, a barber\'s apprentice, doesn\'t have enough money for train fare. Wilbur pretends to be an eleven-year-old in order to purchase a ticket for half price. Meanwhile, a valuable diamond has been stolen and the thief hides it in Hoolick\'s pocket without his knowledge. On the train, Wilbur gets the impression that the thief is a jealous husband. He hides in the compartment of Nancy Collins, a teacher at a private girl\'s school. Feeling sorry for "young" Wilbur traveling alone, she allows him to stay there for the duration of the train ride. During a stop-over, another teacher, Gretchen Brendan, boards the train and finds out that Nancy is sharing her compartment with "a man." Gretchen hurries to the school to let Nancy\'s fiancee, Bob Miles, in on this news. In order to protect Nancy\'s job and reputation, Wilbur must continue the charade of pretending to be a child. He accompanies "Aunt Nancy" to school. The jewel thief follows them in order to retrieve the stolen diamond. Along the way, Wilbur falls in love with Nancy, although she still thinks of him as a little boy. Eventually the thief retrieves the jewel and a chase ensues. In the end he is captured and Wilbur\'s identity is revealed.'] ['The film focuses on a group of elementary students in Syracuse, New York, led by Natalie Brandston , who get a snow day, and try to keep their school snowed-in and closed by stopping a snow plow driver known as "Snowplow man"  from plowing the streets. Meanwhile, her older brother Hal ([[Mark Webber  tries to win the heart of high school sweetheart Claire Bonner , with the help of his best friend, Lane Leonard . Also, their dad Tom Brandston  is a TV meteorologist who must face off against a rival meteorologist, Chad Symmonz ([[John Schneider , in order to have the right of continuing his weather career. Laura , the workaholic mother, is stuck at home with Randy, her mischievous son. Eventually, Natalie and her friends  take over the plow and "unplow" the streets . After endless love demonstrations,  Hal finds out he, in fact, loves Lane. Tom unmasks Chad on live TV, showing the viewers he is fake, winning his status back. And Laura takes the day off from work to look after Randy.'] ['Amos  and Theodore , the old bank robbers turned good guys, arrive in the "boom town" of Junction City, and cause havoc from the start. The duo &ndash; who had promised to go straight after the events of the first film &ndash; get into trouble when they are framed for robbery at the town bank. The robbers trick them into depositing their money, and then run off with it. The town\'s feared lawman, Marshal Wooly Bill Hitchcock , is determined to capture the gang and punish them for their crime, but when he catches Amos and Theodore at the bank and attempts to arrest them, their guns accidentally go off and hit Wooly Bill in the hands as witnesses look on. The accident not only makes Amos and Theodore the new "quick guns" in the town, but it makes the humiliated lawman even more determined to capture the "Apple Dumpling Gang"  Things get worse when their donkey Clarise  shows up with the stolen money when the real bank robbers in a hurry put most of the money on her saddle. As they attempt to return it by swinging it from the roof of the building across from the building, the bags land on Wooly Bill and cause even more injuries to him. To escape Hitchcock\'s vengeance, the pair enlist in the US Army, but after further bunglings and a run-in with the marshal they accidentally set fire to the fort. As a result of this, the fort commander Major Gaskill  loses his job and the Apple Dumplings are court martialled and sent to a military jail. This "jail" however turns out to be a cover for robber baron "Big Mac"  who recruits Amos and Theodore as hired guns for a train robbery. Still determined to "go straight", the boys try to extricate themselves from the situation by dressing up as bar-room dance girls - a disguise which bizarrely fools even Big Mac himself! In the end, with the help of an army intelligence officer  who is posing as an enlisted soldier, and their former commander\'s daughter Millie , they foil the robbers and are given pardons.'] ['Pilot Steve Collins  agrees to help bandleader Alan Brice  and heiress Joan Winfield  elope. Steve then contacts her father Lucius , offering to prevent the marriage and deliver her to him in return for enough money to get out of debt. Steve tricks Alan into getting off the aircraft, then takes off with Joan. When an irate Joan tries to jump out of the aircraft, Steve sees that she has her parachute on backwards and is forced to crash land near the ghost town of Bonanza. The next morning, they encounter the lone resident, "Pop" Tolliver ([[Harry Davenport . Joan escapes into an abandoned mine. When Steve follows her, they are trapped by a cave-in. Steve finds a way out, but hides it from Joan on the advice of Pop. Believing that they are going to die, Joan re-examines her frivolous life with great regret. Steve admits he loves her, but when he kisses her, she tastes food on his lips and realizes he has found a way out. They exit the mine to find that Alan has tracked them down, accompanied by a Nevada judge. Steve does not object when Alan and Joan get married, hiding the fact that Bonanza is in California and therefore the wedding is invalid. The "newlyweds" board another aircraft, but when Joan figures out that they are not really married, she parachutes out to be reunited with Steve.'] ["The Stooges are used chariot salesmen in Ancient Egypt. They make the mistake of swindling Rhadames, the captain of the royal guard  and he has them promptly arrested. The Stooges are forced to appear before King Rootentootin , who is suffering from a painful toothache. Seeing an opportunity to redeem themselves, Moe informs the King that Shemp is an expert dentist known as Painless Papyrus. Shemp goes about trying to extract the troublesome tooth, resulting in the nearsighted Stooge squashing the King's nose with a pair of pliers. The tooth, however, is removed and the King rewards the Stooges by making them royal chamberlains.  As they assume their new roles, the trio uncover a plot where the King's tax collector Tutamon  is stealing the tax money. Once again, the King is indebted to the Stooges and offers his daughter Fatima's  hand in marriage."] ['Ambrose Wolfinger works as a "memory expert" for a manufacturing company\'s president; he keeps files of details about all the people President Malloy meets with, so that Malloy will never be embarrassed about not remembering things when meeting with them. Ambrose supports himself, his shrewish wife Leona, his loving daughter Hope , his freeloading brother-in-law Claude, and his abusive mother-in-law Cordelia. At the start of the film, two burglars break into Ambrose\'s cellar late at night, get drunk on his homemade applejack, and start singing "On the Banks of the Wabash"; Ambrose is forced to handle the situation, and he winds up being arrested for distilling liquor without a license. The next day, Ambrose  tells Malloy that Cordelia had died from drinking poisoned liquor, and asks for the afternoon off to attend the funeral; in fact, he wants to go to see the big wrestling match. Malloy, touched by Ambrose\'s tale, lets him go for the day, and Ambrose\'s immediate supervisor, Mr. Peabody, tells all the other employees the tragic news so they can pay their respects to the family. Throughout that day, Ambrose has one problem after another: He has encounters with ticket-writing policemen and cars that are parked too close to his; he finds himself chasing a tire along railroad tracks and narrowly avoids getting hit by trains; and while trying to get into the wrestling arena , he gets knocked down by a wrestler who is thrown out of the building by his opponent. Later that day, Ambrose comes home to find that Cordelia and Leona are furious about seeing Cordelia\'s obituary in the newspaper and receiving a huge amount of flowers, sympathy cards, and funeral wreaths. Furthermore, Peabody calls to say that Ambrose is fired because of his deception. Ambrose, who has been meek and mild through the entire film, finally has had enough, and in a rare moment of overt violence for Fields\' characters, punches out Claude and frightens his wife and mother-in-law into hiding. The angry Ambrose wants to beat them up too , but soon he and his daughter leave the house to go live elsewhere. Later, Malloy demands that Peabody rehire Ambrose because no one else can figure out Wolfinger\'s filing system; Hope answers the telephone, and says  that Ambrose has a better offer from another company. After some bargaining, Ambrose is rehired with a huge raise in pay and four weeks\' vacation. Meanwhile, Leona realizes that she still loves Ambrose, scolds Claude for his laziness, and stands up to her disagreeable mother. The film ends with Ambrose taking the family for a ride in his new car. Hope and Leona ride inside the car with him, while Claude and Cordelia ride in the rumble seat ... during a heavy rain.'] ['A young man  has a series of encounters in an amusement area, much like Coney Island, until happening upon a group of men preparing a hot air balloon for launch. The young man assists the group by climbing atop the balloon to afix a pennant, when the balloon mistakenly takes flight with no one aboard but the young man. The young man finally downs the balloon in a wilderness area, where he encounters a young outdoorswoman and proceeds to have a series of misadventures.'] ["Repossession men Laurel and Hardy serve a summons to Mr. Kennedy, who has failed to pay the installments for his radio. They wind up destroying both their car and the radio, as Mrs. Kennedy returns home to announce she's just paid for the radio."] ['{{plot}} Ben Healy  and his son Junior Healy ([[Michael Oliver  move from Cold River, Illinois to Mortville, Oregon, a quiet, peaceful community, apparently as a way to start their lives all over again. Ben is initially sad to be leaving Cold River until Junior reminds him that everyone there has been horrible to him his whole life including his father and friends; they then leave while knocking over the welcome sign. When they arrive at their new house, dozens of women line up in their front yard. Apparently Mortville is also known as "the divorcee capital of the world". Aron Burger  finally glad to have a man friend in the neighborhood, modestly invites them to his house for a barbecue. While there, Junior is introduced to Aron\'s twin daughters Dolly and Madison . They demand him to each give them $10.00. He refuses and wants to go home. Aron then taunts him about how their hospitality is not good enough for him. In retaliation, Junior sets the gas pumps on Aron\'s grill up to high and when he goes over to light it, it ferociously explodes, causing him to land in a kiddie pool in the next yard, charring his eyebrows in the process. The next day, Junior is reluctant to start his first day of school at Mortville Elementary. He is met by Trixie Young , who has known about him since the beginning of the movie . Igor Peabody  is now the school\'s principal and had also moved from Cold River to Mortville to start his life over too. But it is cut short when Junior enters his office, whereupon Peabody screams at the top of his lungs. Mortified by his return, Peabody decides to skip him from the 3rd to 6th grade so he will be gone in one year upon completing elementary school. When he enters his new classroom, he is met by the flustered teacher Mr. Thorn  who is upset since he wonders how many kids he has to teach, since many of them were obviously held back constantly. Murph ([[Eric Edwards , the most held back student  and also the class bully, plans to pulverize Junior after he stole the answer to his math question . Junior outsmarts him by taping him onto the chalkboard, causing all the kids to run out of the school in fear. Meanwhile, Ben is opening an account at the local bank and wishes to be self employed. LaWanda Dumore , the rude, self-centred and wealthiest woman in Mortville who along with her dimwitted assistant Smith  notices Ben inside her bank from her upstairs office. She demands Smith to find out everything about him since he is bound to be her seventh husband. Later that afternoon, he picks up Junior from school, not knowing he was the only one there today, but he gets smashed over the head and knocked unconscious by a decorative satellite dish on the school\'s rooftop by Murph, still covered in pieces of tape residue. After regaining consciousness in the clinic, he notices the pretty school nurse Annie Young . Junior, disgusted, leaves the clinic and plans to draw all over the picture of Annie on the wall with a black marker. Trixie, however, shows up and verbally warns him not to do it, but he does it anyway and she flips him to the floor and draws a mustache on his upper lip. Meanwhile, LaWanda looks over Ben\'s records in her office, but has serious doubts when she sees Junior\'s, and notices news headlines indicating all the trouble he caused. She decides to handle him in her own way so she can move over to Ben. Later that night, Junior is upset when he is forced to be looked after by Rhoda , his lazy, irresponsible witch of a babysitter, while Ben goes on a date with Debbie Claukinski , who he and Junior met the day they moved in. After being mistreated by Rhoda, Junior decides to call up Debbie\'s ex-husband Voytek  an uncouth slob who eats dog food, lives in a messy apartment, and is insanely jealous. Wearing just a robe covering his underclothes, Voytek confronts Ben and Debbie at The St. Pierre Club where they are eating. He then smashes a lead pipe on Ben\'s head, and after a struggle, he thrusts the pipe into Voytek\'s abdomen. Shocked and apparently having had a change of heart with Voytek, Debbie punches Ben in the face and he falls to the floor. At the same time, Rhoda\'s boyfriend shows up at the house, and the two go into Ben\'s bedroom to have sex. Junior notices a box of video equipment and smiles gleefully. As a weary and betrayed Ben drives home, along with Debbie and Voytek in the passenger seat ferociously making out, he notices a line of cars and people sitting outside his house, cheering wildly. He looks and sees Rhoda and her boyfriend having sex via a projection screen embellishing the entire house\'s exterior. Ben\'s father Big Ben Healy  unexpectedly shows up, along with his pet dog Nippy. He says he is on vacation and wants to spend it with Ben, but he finds out that his father\'s so-called vacation is permanent since he has no money and his creditors are after him. He decides to take him in, since he owes him for a good home life and bribing the dean at his college to keep him in school. He ends up staying in Junior\'s room much to his disgust. The next day at school, Junior tails Trixie all over the school, wondering what she is up to. Armed with a slingshot, he turns around and she sprays him with the fire hose. The impact blasts him out the front doors. Shortly after, Ben shows up at the clinic where Junior is, draped with a towel. He nervously asks Annie if she would like to have dinner with him, but she refuses, saying that she cannot go out with anyone. Before he can figure out why, Junior drags him out of the clinic. Later that day, Junior notices Dolly and Madison selling lemonade for $2.00, but he only has a quarter. The girls decide to let him refill the pitcher, as a way for him to receive a free glass. He then goes over to a secluded place near his house and urinates into it. When he brings it back, they find out that he only filled it halfway and do not give him his free glass, not knowing he urinated in it. When Aron comes over to the stand after out working on their car , the girls fill him a glass and he drinks it. He declares it as tangy, but does not seem to mind. That night, Junior tries to impress Ben by making dinner, but he tells him he has a date with Emily  another person they met the day they moved in. Tired of seeing him always having a date, he gets even by rigging their doorbell to electrocute her on their doorstep. Ben notices this, but an electrified and fried Emily stutteringly tells him that she has the flu, and collapses on the ground when he closes the front door. Later, he thinks that he has been too strong with Junior, and decides to spend more time with him, hopefully thinking he will be more well-behaved. The next day at school, Junior chases Trixie into the girl\'s bathroom. When he confronts her in a stall, she gets out an M-80, lights it up, and gives it to Junior who throws it into the toilet and flushes it. As they run out of the restroom, screaming, Mr. Thorn, in a hurry to go to the bathroom, bolts into the teacher\'s bathroom and sits down on a toilet. When the M-80 travels into the one on which he\'s sitting via the sewage line, it explodes. Luckily, he lands back onto the toilet and breathes a sigh of relief, thinking he is fine. Later, Big Ben notices Dolly and Madison selling clothes. He finally notices a suit with a "Vote For Big Ben" election button inside it. Then he notices Nippy inside a cage on the table, and the girls then tell him that Junior sold all of his clothes for $10.00. Furious, Big Ben storms into Junior\'s room and decides to belt him. Junior, however, taunts him with toy nun-chucks. Big Ben charges towards him, but he jumps out of the way and Big Ben falls out the window. Laughing, Junior closes the window, just when Ben comes in and decides to take him out for a day of fun. He asks Junior if he has seen Grandpa  to which Junior replies, "Last time I seen him he was going out". As the car backs out of the driveway, it is seen that Big Ben landed in a tree, he yells to Ben to no avail. As they drive off, LaWanda and her moving crew show up and notice him up in the tree. Smith thinks he is Ben\'s father, LaWanda tells him to get him down, but he eventually falls to the ground. At a carnival, Junior is disappointed that he is not tall enough to ride on the Crazy Dance, sort of a Tilt-A-Whirl kind of ride. After being taunted by Murph and Trixie, who managed to put stilts on her shoes to make her look taller, when going on the ride, Junior plans to make them pay. He goes underneath the ride and sets its speed to dangerously fast, causing everyone on board to vomit, and shortly after, the people who are watching outside. When driving home, Ben decides to make a deal with Junior that he will always be there for him, as long as he is being good. They then shake hands on it to seal the deal. When they arrive home, they find that the house has been wonderfully decorated. They find out that LaWanda was responsible for it. As she begins to leave, she promises Ben she will make dinner tomorrow night. The next day, Junior hypnotizes Nippy so he can scare LaWanda away, but cannot get him out of the trance. When Junior enters his room, he finds that it has been decorated with clowns, the one thing that he despises. Finally having had it, he goes over to his Roach Motel keeper and notices his pet roaches, triggering another plan. At dinner, everyone notices something weird with their salads. Then the bowl of salad tips over and lands all over the table, causing all the cockroaches to land on LaWanda, Ben, and Big Ben. Fed up, an unwitting Ben indignantly reprimands Junior and coldly tells him that he will never trust him ever again and storms out of the room. Next, LaWanda comes in and verbally warns him not to mess with her anymore and tells him she will marry Ben, and then send him to boarding school in Baghdad. He tries to explain it to Ben the next night at his school\'s open house, but he dismisses it by telling him he cannot be trusted anymore. At the puppet show, Trixie secretly kidnaps the real puppeteers, ties them up, and performs the show in a very vulgar fashion. Thinking Junior was responsible, Ben runs up to the stage, yanks the puppets off Trixie\'s hands, and slams them onto the floor. Annie runs up to the stage and tells her why she did this. It turns out that Trixie is her daughter and she has the same problem with her which is similar to the problem Ben has with Junior. Disappointed and humiliated, she scoops her up and runs out of the building. Ben limps after her and telling her they can work it out, but she tells him that Trixie consumes her entire life and that she has no room for anything else, then runs off in the dark. That night, Big Ben notices a still hypnotized Nippy in a shrub in the backyard. Finally relieved after finding him, he goes over, tips him over, and he falls to the ground. He picks him up and confusedly wonders what happened. Ben later takes Junior to a restaurant where they end up having dinner with Annie and Trixie. Mr. Peabody, out on a date with his girlfriend, spots Junior and Trixie and starts mouthing off. The kids, who share a hatred for him, throw meatballs at him. Mr. Peabody yells at Ben for defending the kids\' actions and throws an egg at him. He responds by starting a food fight. Junior and Trixie, who realize their parents like each other, become friends. Junior, who strongly despises LaWanda, gets even by switching her blood sample with that of a rabid dog. While celebrating her engagement to Ben, she gets cake icing on her face, which bears a striking resemblance to foaming at the mouth . As a result, she is handcuffed by animal control officers and sent to the hospital for observation. With her in the hospital, Junior overhears a patient in the room across from her saying he wants to hold the world record for the world\'s longest nose. Overhearing this, Junior sabotages the man\'s plastic surgery by switching the patient files, resulting in LaWanda receiving a gigantic nose - this is Junior attempting to make her so ugly Ben will not marry her. Unfortunately, she uses her funds to get last minute surgery to undo the damage. At the altar, Junior and Trixie\'s work pays off and Ben finally realizes that Annie is the one for him. Big Ben decides to marry  LaWanda while Junior and Trixie use explosives to splatter the two of them with wedding cake. Ex-Triumph guitarist Rik Emmett\'s hit Saved By Love plays over the credits.'] ['Conway is Vernon Praiseworthy, heir to a fortune from his late uncle, who faced poverty and misfortune during the Great Depression but managed to build up his riches despite these hardships. To become eligible for the inheritance, Vernon must suffer as his uncle did by becoming a migrant hobo for a time. Soon after, Vernon and the dog sent to protect him are caught up in a dognapping scheme.'] ["When a traveling vaudeville show becomes stranded in the Middle East, their singer, Hazel Moon , takes a job at a local cafe. Two of the show's prop men, Peter Johnson  and Harvey Garvey , are hired as comedy relief, but their act unfortunately initiates a brawl. The two men, along with Hazel, wind up in jail, where they encounter Prince Ramo , a sheik, who offers to help them escape if they agree to help him regain the throne which his Uncle Nimativ  had usurped with the aid of two hypnotic rings. After escaping jail, Peter and Harvey join Ramo and his desert riders, and hatch a plan to have Hazel seduce Nimativ, as he is quite vulnerable to blondes. Once Nimativ is distracted, Peter and Harvey plan to retrieve the hypnotic rings to facilitate Ramo's reclamation of the throne. Peter and Harvey enter the capital city, posing as Hollywood talent scouts, and meet up with Nimativ. He is quickly enamored with Hazel and manages to hypnotize Peter and Harvey, who then reveal their plans. They are imprisoned, while Hazel is hypnotized into being one of Nimativ's wives. After Ramo helps the boys escape, they enlist the aid of Teema , Nimativ's first wife, by promising her a movie career. Harvey then disguises himself as Teema, while Peter dresses up as Nimativ. They manage to steal the rings during a large celebration and turn the rings against Nimativ, who abdicates the throne. Ramo again becomes ruler, with Hazel as his wife, and the boys return to the United States."] ['While investigating the theft of the Pink Panther diamond during the previous film , Chief Inspector Jacques Clouseau, , hailed as France\'s greatest detective, disappeared at sea during a plane crash. His former superior, Chief Inspector Charles Dreyfus , is pressured to oversee Operation Paragon and utilize Interpol\'s fictitious Huxley Huxley 600 computer, Aldous to find the world\'s greatest detective to solve the crime. What the world at large does not realise is that Clouseau was actually a bungling fool whose cases were solved more through luck than actual detective genius and that his accident-prone incompetence led Dreyfus to a series of nervous breakdowns. Anxious never to see or hear from his nemesis again, Dreyfus sabotages the computer to select the world\'s worst detective. This turns out to be Sergeant Clifton Sleigh ([[Ted Wass , an incompetent officer of the NYPD. Sleigh, who is descended from a long line of cops, sees the case as an opportunity to prove his worth. Dreyfus and his long-suffering assistant Sergeant François Durval  soon find that the sabotage has worked a bit too well: Sleigh is just as clumsy as Clouseau, tripping and falling, causing havoc and driving Dreyfus crazy. When Sleigh meets Dreyfus for the first time in his office, Sleigh trips over his own feet and knocks Dreyfus into his wheeled office chair which rolls out onto the balcony and sends Dreyfus falling three stories into a pond below, breaking his left leg. Later as Dreyfus goes insane again and attempts to murder Sleigh, he keeps injuring himself, leading to him breaking most of his bones and ending up in a body cast. As he sets out on the case, Sergeant Sleigh encounters many people who prefer Clouseau dead. These include the inspector\'s former manservant Cato  ; Dreyfus, who attempts to kill Sleigh like he tried to kill Clouseau; and Bruno Langlois , the mafia boss from Trail of the Pink Panther. Langlois orders several assassination attempts on Sleigh, but the detective\'s bumbling nature allows him to survive. Ultimately, Langlois, along with his henchmen  have a final showdown with Sleigh in a dark alley. Juleta Shayne , an employee of the enigmatic Countess Chandra comes to Sleigh\'s rescue and manages to defeat Langlois and his thugs in street combat. Sleigh also meets Sir Charles Lytton  who is now married to Clouseau\'s former wife Simone  and accompanied by his nephew George  . Sir Charles was the notorious jewel thief known as the Phantom, though only Clouseau was convinced of this. The Phantom would steal items of jewellery and leave behind a monogrammed white glove. Eventually the trail leads Sleigh to a health spa run by Countess Chandra . There he meets famous British film star,  who speaks with a rather odd French accent and falls about all over the place. Seeing a photograph of the Inspector, Countess Chandra tells Sleigh that Clouseau visited her several months ago, but claimed his name was Gino Rossi . She recalls he was looking for a good plastic surgeon and she recommended one. Sleigh concludes, wrongly, that Clouseau stole the Pink Panther diamond, underwent plastic surgery, and changed his name to Gino Rossi. The real jewel thief\'s body was found washed up on shore after he was shot to death. It is believed that Clouseau was killed for the diamond. Anxious to be rid of Sleigh, Dreyfus announces that Sleigh has solved the mystery and officially closes the case, though it is clear that Dreyfus does not believe that this is what happened. In a final irony, as Dreyfus sets fire to Gino Rossi\'s photograph, happy to be rid of Clouseau once and for all, he accidentally sets fire to his office. Sleigh runs in and attempts to put out the fire with a hose, only to accidentally hit Dreyfus with the water, the force of which pushes him onto his balcony and Dreyfus again falls three stories into the pond below. Film star Roger Moore was in fact Clouseau after very extensive plastic surgery. Clouseau has become Countess Chandra\'s lover and partner in crime. When Clouseau and Chandra open her hidden wall safe to admire the Pink Panther, they discover they have been robbed and a white monogrammed glove has been left behind. "Swine Phantom!" mutters Clouseau, knowing only too well who is responsible for the theft. In the final scene, Sir Charles, Simone, and George are sailing away on board their yacht, along with the Pink Panther jewel which Simone has stolen. In a post-credits scene, it shows the Pink Panther, in a cameo, stealing the Pink Panther jewel. Realizing it\'s heavy, he loses his balance and falls out of the scene, and drops the jewel, offscreen, the sound of the jewel being smashed, can be heard in the background, then the credits roll.'] ['The Stooges are stowaways on a boxcar headed for Hollywood, or to be exact, a furniture consignment to Hollywood. Fully expecting for no good reason to become stars, and dressed for the occasion, the Stooges sneak into a movie studio&mdash;where they are mistaken for three new executives who are due to take over the facility. Given the authority, they promptly abuse it and take over the production of a movie set in hopes of shooting a blockbuster movie. Curly gets off on the wrong foot when, unable to light his match for a smoke, spots an actress receiving a pedicure . He then strikes the match on her bare foot, startling her. Angered, she is about to storm off the set until the trio convince her to stay. The trio then act out the love scene as they want it filmed, leading its stars to abandon the set.  Another telegram arrives with the news that three actual executives were delayed by a storm. Angered at the deception, the studio boss goes after the Stooges, who run for their lives into a room which has a couple of lions. At first Moe thinks he heard Larry growl, but when they see the lions they pile into a convenient car. One of the lions hops into the car with them and it speeds out of the studio, weaving wildly down a Hollywood street.'] ["Set in the Old West, the Stooges are scouts for the United States Cavalry. They are sent by General Muster  to catch a gang of cattle rustlers, so they hide as bushes to try to find the gang's leader, Longhorn Pete . The rustlers are befuddled by the moving bushes. The Stooges eventually wind up in Longhorn Pete's saloon, and the Stooges disguise themselves as gamblers and get into a card game with Pete as they wait for the cavalry. Moe attempts to send a message to General Muster for help via carrier pigeon, but the pigeon returns to Pete, who reads the incriminating message aloud. The jig is up, and the Stooges are forced to escape for their lives, jumping on a covered wagon filled with household equipment — and a monkey. The Trio toss pots and pans from the wagon onto the ground, which their horse’s hoofs catch them. The wagon loosens up from the horse team, and goes down in its own power until it stops. Eventually, they end up on a shed.  A gun battle ensues. A bullet knocks off the monkey's hat, and he is forced to use a dipper as a helmet. Amidst the melee, Curly spots a meat grinder and decides to make a hamburger. The whizzing bullets accidentally topple a box of ammunition to the grinder, and the grinder becomes a makeshift machine gun. Discovering the chance, they add more ammunition and even a gun belt serving as an ad hoc ammunition belt. The increase in opposing firepower befuddles the bandits, but eventually General Muster arrives and saves the day. As they are given kudos for a job well done, the monkey goes to the grinder and twists the handle, firing a few shots that caused the Stooges to be hit and flee the area."] ['Danny Noonan  works as a caddy at the upscale Bushwood Country Club to raise enough money to go to college. Danny regularly caddies for Ty Webb , an exceptional golfer and the free-spirited playboy son of one of Bushwood\'s co-founders. Danny decides to gain favor with Judge Elihu Smails , the country club\'s stodgy co-founder and director of the Caddy Scholarship program, by caddying for him. Meanwhile, Bushwood\'s head greenskeeper  is pressured by Smails to deal with a potentially disastrous gopher infestation, and entrusts his dubiously qualified assistant Carl Spackler  with the task. When Smails is antagonized by the obnoxious nouveau riche Al Czervik  during a game, he throws a putter and accidentally injures a member of the club. Danny seizes the opportunity and takes responsibility for the incident, gaining Smails\' trust. Smails encourages him to apply for the Caddy Scholarship. At Bushwood\'s annual Fourth of July banquet, Danny and his girlfriend Maggie  work as servers. Danny becomes attracted to Smails\' sensuous niece, Lacey Underall . Maggie informs Danny of Lacey\'s promiscuous reputation, but this only encourages him. Danny wins the Caddy Day golf tournament and the scholarship. This earns Danny praise from the Judge, and an invitation to attend the Judge\'s boat christening. Lacey and Danny slip away from the ceremony for a tryst at the Judge\'s house, but are discovered by the Judge and his wife. Expecting to be fired or to have the scholarship revoked, Danny is surprised when the Judge only wants his promise that the incident with Lacey will remain secret. Unable to bear the continued presence of the uncouth Czervik at the club , Smails confronts him and announces that Czervik will never be granted membership. Czervik counters by announcing that he would never consider being a member, he is merely there to evaluate buying Bushwood and developing the land into condominiums. After a brief scuffle, Webb suggests they discuss a resolution over drinks. After Smails demands satisfaction, Czervik then proposes a team golf match with Smails and Dr. Beeper  against Czervik and Webb. Against club rules, they also agree to a $20,000 wager on the outcome of the match. The match is held the following day. Word spreads of the stakes involved and a crowd builds. Smails and Beeper are ahead at the end of the 9th hole. In response to Smails\' snide remarks, Czervik proposes to double the stakes. Smails happily agrees. Czervik\'s game, however, continues to spiral downward, so when a ricocheting ball strikes him, he feigns injury in hopes of having the contest declared a draw. Lou , the course official who is acting as an umpire, tells Czervik his team will forfeit unless they find a substitute. Webb chooses Danny. Smails threatens to revoke his scholarship, but Czervik promises Danny that he will make it "worth his while" if he wins. Danny eventually decides he\'d rather strike a blow at the uptight Smails than take the scholarship. At the final hole, the score is tied. Smails makes his putt, putting Smails and Beeper ahead by one shot. Danny must now sink his very long putt in one stroke. Czervik proposes to increase the stakes to $80,000, based only on Danny making the putt, which Smails accepts. Danny\'s putt reaches the very edge of the cup and stops, and Smails and Beeper begin celebrating. While the match has been going on, Carl\'s previous efforts to kill the gopher have failed, and he has now wired much of the course with plastic explosives in a final scorched earth tactic. As Danny\'s putt hangs on the edge of the cup, Carl pushes the detonator and explosions shake the whole course. The force of the explosions causes Danny\'s ball to drop, so Webb, Danny and Czervik win the $80,000. Smails refuses to pay, which Czervik has anticipated; he asks a couple of very large men from his entourage to "help the Judge find his checkbook." As Smails is chased around the course, Czervik leads another wild party attended by all of the onlookers at the match, inexplicably shouting, "We\'re all going to get laid!". The gopher emerges, unharmed by the explosives, and dances amid the smoldering ruins of the golf course.'] ['The Stooges are sailors employed in a ships\' tailor shop. The three steal some officers\' uniforms in order to go ashore. While pretending to be an Admiral, Curly and his "aides"  are tricked into stealing a submarine by a pair of spies. The Stooges eventually capture the spies, but whilst reenacting the capture for the real Admiral, Curly accidentally detonates a bomb.{{cite web}}'] ['A clan of ninjas finds an abandoned treasure chest that had been washed onto shore, inside of which was a white infant boy. An ancient legend spoke of a foreigner who would come among the ninja and become a master like no other. The white orphan boy, Haru , is raised amongst the ninja, with the expectation that he may be the one of whom the legend speaks. As Haru grows into adulthood, doubts are quickly cast over him for being Japan\'s most notorious great white ninja. Although Haru does possess some ninja traits, he is clumsy and does not really fit in, and fails to graduate a ninja with the rest of his class. Left alone to protect the temple while the clan are on a mission, Haru disguises himself as a ninja when a blonde American woman who comes to the temple to seek the services of one. The woman, Sally Jones , is being suspicious of her ex-boyfriend, Martin Tanley , and sends Haru to a Tokyo harbor to investigate. Haru finds out that Tanley and his staff, Nobu  are involved in a counterfeiting business and witnesses a murder. The clan are angry and disappointed with Haru\'s actions when Tokyo police realize that Haru is responsible for the murder. However, Haru admits that Sally was in trouble, despite that her name is a pseudonym. Haru departs from Tokyo to Beverly Hills to search for Sally. Gobei , Haru\'s adoptive brother and the best ninja in his class at the beginning of the film, is sent by the clan to watch over and protect Haru. Haru has trouble adjusting to Western culture, but checks in at a Beverly Hills five-star hotel, where he befriends its employee, Joey Washington , and teaches him some ninja lessons. Haru sets out on his search for Sally, convinced that she is in trouble. Haru eventually finds Sally, but she distances herself from him. Haru tracks Tanley and Nobu to a night club in Little Tokyo, where they are trying to get back a set of counterfeiting plates from their rival gang. Unfortunately, Haru finds himself as the suspect of a second murder. Haru return to the hotel the next day and meditates to communicate with his sensei  for guidance. Haru resumes his quest to search for Sally, and finally tracks down Tanley\'s mansion. Upon entering Tanley\'s mansion, Haru speaks with Sally, whose real name is Alison Page on her license plate. He eventually begins to trust her again, and Alison tells Haru that she accused Tanley for killing her sister. That night, Haru and Alison escape a gun-fight at a Japanese restaurant, where Tanley and his henchmen sees Alison there. Haru and Alison have their retreat at the hotel for the night. The next day, Haru disguises himself as ink specialist Chet Walters  and Tanley takes him to his warehouse, where Tanley soon finds out that Haru is "the fat ninja that everyone is talking about". While Tanley is in the process of getting the other half of the plates that night, Alison rescues Haru from the back of Tanley\'s van. However, Tanley kidnaps Alison during the process, and Haru must find his way back to Tanley\'s warehouse to rescue Alison, but since he was blindfolded during his first trip, Haru must recreate his ride by memory and enlists his help of Joey and without knowing that Gobei is also hiding in the trunk. After Joey accidentally drives the convertible through a horse race and a car wash, he and Haru start over. Gobei gets out of the trunk after Haru is blindfolded, knocks Joey out, and drives the convertible to Tanley\'s warehouse. Haru uses his momentum of a large palm tree to jump into Tanley\'s warehouse, while Gobei also makes it in by using stealthier methods. Haru and Gobei fight Tanley\'s henchmen together until Haru is reminded that he should be rescuing Alison. Using a forklift, Haru smashes two holes in the wall of the room where Tanley holds Alison hostage, almost setting off the bomb. Haru attempt to defuse the bomb, but accidentally resets it for five minutes. Haru leaves Alison for four minutes to help Gobei, who is surrounded by Tanley\'s henchmen. Haru jumps off the railing and eventually lands on an axe-wielding henchman who attempt to kill Gobei and suddenly becomes an adept ninja when Gobei gets hurt by Nobu and his henchmen. Haru and Gobei defeat one henchman with their help from Joey, who also jumps into Tanley\'s warehouse and eventually lands on one of them. Haru and Gobei has two minutes to fight Tanley, who has a gun. Haru cuts the rope of a winch to aim for Tanley, but the hook accidentally knocks out Gobei instead. Blocking Tanley\'s bullets by swinging his two swords, Haru successfully incapacitates Tanley. Haru return to the upper level to rescue Alison. Using a huge harpoon gun mounted on a cart, Haru shoots a harpoon through the room and inadvertently lands in the back of a truck where Tanley attempt to escape from his warehouse. After capturing the bomb, the cart lands into Tanley\'s truck and explodes seconds later. Haru successfully rescues Alison, and Tanley and his surviving henchmen are arrested. Sometimes later, Haru talks to his sensei about returning to Beverly Hills to live with Alison and where the place do not have ninjas there. Haru and Alison later ride together on the bus, which accidentally drags a rope tied into Gobei\'s wheelchair. Haru shouts an apology to Gobei, who is thrown into the ocean at the end of the film.'] ['Ma and Pa head out again to their "old place" after they read their son\'s contest letter stating that two judges of National Magazine will evaluate the farm for the scholarship contest.'] ['In 1978, a young Dave Buznik is about to kiss the girl of his dreams, when a local bully, Arnie Shankman, pulls down his pants and underwear, embarrassing him in front of everybody. This leaves Dave with lasting trauma about public affection, as well as repressing his emotions. In the present day, Dave Buznik lives in New York, working as a secretary for Frank, an abusive boss who takes credit for Dave\'s work. His problems also extend to his private life, much to the concern of his girlfriend Linda. Her ex-boyfriend and best friend Andrew is in her life constantly, and makes no resistance in being condescending to Dave. While flying to a business meeting, Dave sits next to a man named Buddy Rydell. Buddy irritates Dave, and after Buddy pressures Dave to watch a movie with him, Dave asks the flight attendant for a headset. She ignores him, and when Dave asks her again, she overreacts and demands that he keep calm. The flight\'s sky marshal appears, overreacting to the situation as well, and tasers Dave. Dave is then arrested, tried, found guilty of assault, and sentenced to anger management therapy. Arriving at his first therapy session, he discovers that his therapist is Buddy. There, Dave meets a diverse group with assorted mental issues. Dave loses his temper more than once, mostly due to Buddy\'s odd therapy techniques. After the session, Buddy tells Dave that he will have to attend double the entire therapy course, recognizing Dave\'s problem as passive-aggressive anger. Later that night at a bar, Dave and Chuck, his "Anger Ally", played by John Turturro, get into a confrontation due to Chuck\'s anger. Dave accidentally strikes a cocktail waitress, while trying to stop a bar fight that Chuck had just started. Due to this, Dave ends up landing back in court. There, brash Buddy enlists Dave in his intense anger management therapy, moving into Dave’s apartment, where he finds various ways to aggravate him. Among these, Buddy accompanies Dave to work where he insults Dave\'s boss and Andrew, whose father knows Frank. After receiving a phone call for Buddy, Dave is asked to tell him that his mother is having minor surgery in Boston. As a joke, he exaggerates its seriousness. Regretting his deceit, Dave confesses and Buddy forgives him, but vows to get him back. Buddy then tells Dave that he has to accompany him to Boston to check on his mother. On the way back to New York, they stop at a restaurant. There, Dave meets and goes home with an attractive woman at Buddy\'s insistence. He later comes back to the bar after rejecting her out of loyalty to Linda. Later, Dave is devastated to learn that Buddy has told Linda about the woman. Buddy reveals that the woman is actually a former patient of his and that this was his way of getting back at Dave. Buddy agrees that when they get back to New York, he will tell Linda the truth. On their way back, Buddy takes a detour to a Buddhist temple, so that Dave can confront Arnie. Now a monk, he is remorseful for his previous behavior, except for pulling down his pants when they were still kids. Buddy quickly starts a confrontation by lying to Arnie about insulting comments Dave made about Buddha and things that he did to tease Arnie\'s nutty sister. Dave beats Arnie in a fight, then he and Buddy are chased from the grounds. Back in New York, Dave attempts to propose to Linda but loses his nerve. Disappointed, Linda suggests that they take a break from their relationship. Later, Dave learns that Buddy has started dating Linda. He has an outburst and attacks Buddy, prompting him to end up in court on assault charges. Afterwards, Dave\'s boss browbeats him to return his latest assignment and gives the promotion Dave was clamoring for, to Andrew. Fed up, Dave snaps in his boss\' office, punches Andrew out after ordering him to stay away from Linda, humiliates his boss and orders him to give him the promotion, to which he agrees. Dave learns that Buddy is taking Linda out to a New York Yankees game that night. Assuming that Buddy has stolen his idea of proposing to her at a game, he races to the stadium, runs out onto the field. Security captures him and begins to remove him from the stadium but Mayor Rudy Giuliani orders them to allow Dave to speak. After admitting that he does have an anger problem and is willing to change, Dave proposes to Linda, who agrees on one condition: she wants him to prove his love by kissing her in front of everyone. Overcoming his fear, he proceeds to do so and receives the news that he has graduated from anger management. Linda then explains how she first approached Buddy after reading his book and that everything that has happened was a setup for Dave\'s therapy; the judge, the female flight attendant and the man who stole his seat were all friends of Buddy\'s and were part of the setup . Dave, Linda, Buddy and the other therapy group members are celebrating Dave\'s graduation in Central Park, when a man approaches and asks for Buddy. When Buddy steps forward, the man pulls a gun and points it at him. Dave confronts the man, citing what he has learned from Buddy. The situation is defused when the man squirts water in Dave\'s face, revealing the pistol to be a toy, and Dave stating that he\'s a friend of his. The group laughs then sings together as the movie ends.'] ["Im Dae-ho  has been a huge fan of professional wrestling since his childhood. In South Korea, a wrestler called Kim Il was a big star in the 1970s, but Dae-ho preferred a cheating fighter called Ultra Tiger Mask. Years later, when his job at a bank isn't going well, Dae-ho decides to try professional wrestling himself.http://movie.empas.com/movies/movie.tsp?mid=266 Translated. Retrieved on 17 February 2008"] ['Christopher Pride wants to marry his girlfriend, Dr. Elizabeth Acord. However, she is too involved with her patients and she doesn\'t think that she would be able to leave them to live in Paris for a year. Pride decides to solve her patients\' problems after finding out that most of them are merely despondent after having relationships go bad. Therefore, he decides to "date" these women, without Acord\'s knowledge, and give them back their self-esteem so that they will be less dependent on their doctor. The film comes to a climax when all the women, including the psychiatrist, assemble at a party with Pride present. He quickly switches from one character to the next depending on which woman is present.'] ['Sailors on leave, Laurel and Hardy pick up two girls and spend the afternoon driving in the country. They find themselves in the middle of a huge traffic jam. Tempers boil over among the motorists, and soon the street is a mess of mangled cars and car parts.'] ['Paintball\'s first superstar, Bobby Dukes, led his team, the River Rats, to an unprecedented three consecutive victories at The Hudson Valley National Paintball Classic. On May 28, 1993, the River Rats were competing for their fourth "Classic" victory when disaster struck. Bobby, attempting one of his signature moves, was shot. Desperate to stay in the game, Dukes intentionally wiped the paint from his jersey, thus committing paintball\'s most heinous crime. A zealous referee spotted the wipe and ejected Bobby from the game. The three-time champ was embarrassed, went to Venezuela, and left the game for 10 years while being the laughingstock of the paintball community. Deemed a cheater, disgraced and humiliated, Bobby disappeared. Ten years later an older and wiser Dukes returns to reclaim his title and erase the memory of his tainted past. He enters the 2003 Classic but finds no self-respecting paintball player will be caught dead on his team. On the verge of giving up hope, Bobby joins forces with the most unlikely of allies... the referee that caught him cheating. Now, the two improbable partners must recruit a team of paintball misfits and take back the Hudson Valley Paintball Classic taking place at Liberty Paintball in Patterson, New York.'] ["Prominent criminal attorney Amos Strickland  checks into the Lost Caverns Resort Hotel, and is later discovered murdered by the bellboy, Freddie Phillips , who is implicated in the crime. Casey Edwards , the house detective, tries to clear Freddie, but Inspector Wellman  and Sergeant Stone  keep him in custody. Seven of Strickland's former clients happen to be at the resort, and they are all suspects. These former clients are Swami Talpur , Angela Gordon , Mrs. Hargreave , T. Hanley Brooks , Lawrence Crandall , Mrs. Grimsby  and Mike Relia . They gather for a meeting, and decide that they must conceal their pasts and that Freddie must take the blame for Strickland's murder. They try unsuccessfully to get Freddie to sign a confession, e.g., Angela tries to seduce him, but the police stop her when they fear she's poisoned the champagne. Then the Swami attempts to hypnotize him into committing suicide, but his stupidity saves him. Freddie and the two police officers, in an attempt to lure the real killer, inform everyone that Freddie is in possession of a blood-stained handkerchief that was found at the murder scene. Soon afterwards, several attempts to kill Freddie are made, including gun shots at window of his booby trapped room, and locking him in a steam cabinet. Eventually Freddie hears a voice that calls him to bring the handkerchief to the Lost Cavern. There he meets up with a masked figure who offers to save him from the hole he has just fallen into in exchange for the handkerchief. Freddie makes the mistake of telling the mysterious figure that he left it in his room. He is left in the hole, but is eventually rescued by the two police officers. Back at the hotel, everyone has gathered together and Stone returns with some muddy shoes that belong to Melton , the hotel manager, which proves that he was the one in the caverns with Freddie. His motive for the murder was that he, Relia and Millford, Strickland's secretary, were blackmailing the owner Mr. Crandell. When Strickland found out, he came to investigate, so Melton killed him. Millford then sent down the former clients to use as decoys for the police, but Melton then killed Relia and Millford to cover it all up. He attempts to escape through a window, but is caught by a booby trap previously set by Freddie."] ["Mole's underground home is knocked in when the field is bulldozed by Weasels; the field has been owned by Mr. Toad , who has sold it to finance his latest fad; caravanning. Mole  flees to the river and meets the Water Rat , who is getting ready to embark on a picnic. Seeing Mole's distress, Rat decides to take Mole to see Mr. Toad. Toad encourages them to travel with him on the Open Road, in his newly bought canary-coloured cart. Disaster strikes when a pair of joyriders in a motor car knock over the cart. Toad, however, instantly discards the cart and becomes obsessed with motoring. He is a reckless driver, however, and ends up needing more money from the weasels. Their volatile Chief , tries to persuade him to sell Toad Hall. The Chief has three main cronies, Clarence  and Geoffrey , are his henchmen, though they passionately hate each other, and St.John , who attempts to suck up to the Chief, but his bumbling stupidity always rubs him up the wrong way. During a crazy drive into the Wild Wood, resulting in the destruction of another car, all three protagonists are lost in the inhospitable place. Mole encounters the Weasels, who attempt to coerce him into stopping his friends from interfering with their plans. They later encounter Toad, after fleeing when Rat arrives. All three protagonists end up in Mr. Badger's underground abode. Badger , a close friend of Toad's late father and feeling responsible for Toad's reckless conduct regarding his inheritance, is awakened from his to keep Toad obsessed with motor cars. However, Toad refuses to listen to Badger and continues his reckless behavior which ultimately ends up with him being arrested for stealing and crashing a motor-car outside a pub. During his trial, Toad's defense lawyer  proves to be more of a problem than the prosecution. Furthermore, the Weasels are dominating the public box, and the Chief Weasel is posing as one of the rabbits in the Jury, and coerces the terrified creatures into finding Toad guilty. The Judge  initially sentences Toad to be hanged, but after being told that he can no longer hang prisoners, he sentences Toad to twenty years in prison, but after Toad insults the Court and makes a botched escape attempt, the Judge angrily increases the sentence gradually, eventually resulting in a hundred-year sentence. Toad is then seen being dragged to the dungeon in the large castle. To make matters worse, elsewhere back in Toad Hall, while feeling sorry for thier friend, Rat and Mole are confronted by the Weasels who threw them out, and aneex Toad Hall for themselves. Knowing that they have no choice but to drive the Weasels out of Toad Hall, Rat and Mole have to dig underground to the castle to free Toad. Meanwhile, in the dungeon, Toad is crying, pleaded that he paid dearly for his bad behavior of motor-cars. With the help of the sympathetic Jailer's Daughter  and her reluctant Tea Lady Aunt , Toad escapes, disguised as the latter, despite Rat suggesting that Toad escapes through a tunnel him and Mole built underneath Toad's cell. Having realized he left his wallet in his cell, Toad along with Rat and Mole, climbs aboard a train engine. During the course of the journey, the police, who have stowed away on the train, demand for it to be stopped; Toad confesses who he is and begs the driver  to help him evade his captors. If only to protect his train, the driver agrees to help. He tosses coal lumps at the police, but gets caught in a mail catcher. Toad takes control of the train and is separated. He eventually crashes the engine, though he miraculously survives. Toad sets off again but only to get caught again by the Weasels. The full extent of their twisted plans are revealed: they have built a dog-food factory over the remains of Mole's house and are planning to blow up Toad Hall, and build a huge slaughterhouse in its place, with which they will 'process' all of the peaceful Riverbank dwellers, and turn them into dogfood. Their activities have also damaged Badger's home, which provokes him into taking decisive action against them. Badger and Rat attempt to break into Toad Hall disguised as weasels, but are unmasked. Along with Toad, they are placed in the factory's mincing machine under the orders of the Chief Weasel. The Chief, Clarence and Geoffrey return to Toad Hall to prepare the victory celebration, leaving St. John in charge of the machine. Mole, who has broken into the factory, disables the machine, enabling them to escape. Lulled by a premature sense of victory, the Chief Weasel's henchmen turn traitor, and attempt to blow him up using a Toad Hall shaped birthday cake. Clarence and Geoffrey begin quarreling among themselves for leadership, with the other Weasels drunkenly taking sides. This allows the protagonists to stage a raid on the house, leaving all the weasels incapacitated in the ensuing fight. However, the Chief is revealed to still be alive, and he escapes the scene, and is pursued by Toad. Toad attempts to stop him from reaching the factory, containing the detonator necessary to blow up Toad Hall, to no avail. Unbeknownst to both of them, the explosives are actually in the factory , and as such the Chief blows up himself along with the factory, leaving Toad Hall untouched and Toad's friends alive and well. Afterwards, Toad makes a public speech swearing off motor cars and promising to be wiser and less prideful in the future. Toad then sneaks off during a song with Mole, Rat and Badger, for the second time and is seen speaking to an airplane salesman, showing that he has not changed at all, only moved onto a new craze. Moments later, Toad flies over the crowd in the plane, causing mass hysteria and resulting in Badger swearing never to help Toad again. Toad, however, has finally found a craze which suits him- on the end credits, he is seen flying out over the sea."] ['A stray goat attaches itself to Laurel and Hardy and follows them everywhere. They are forced to bring it into their apartment and are not particularly effective at hiding it from their outraged landlord.'] ['The trio are employed as handymen in a recording studio at the fictional radio station KGBY. While not doing their work, they hear a recording session as Alice Van Doren  sings "Voices of Spring". She is recording this song under a pseudonym  to audition for a radio show, an endeavor to which her father  objects. Impressed by the operatic virtuosity of this stunningly beautiful soprano, Curly lip syncs, as the other stooges adorn him as a woman. Curly  is "heard" by the radio host Mrs. Bixby . Moe dubs Curly "Señorita Cucaracha," and the trio are hired to sing professionally on the radio, but must also appear at the home of the radio show’s sponsor for a party. Before they leave the studio, they have a run-in with an Italian baritone singer/violinist , and end up destroying his glasses and violin before the encounter is over. Little do the Stooges know the irate singer/violinist is also slated to perform at Mrs. Bixby\'s home that evening. After sabotaging the baritone\'s vocal performance by tossing cherries into his mouth as he croons, the trio get ready for Curly to "perform." Moe\'s idea is to play "Voices of Spring" on the nearby, out-of-view phonograph while Curly mimes the words, just as he did convincingly at the recording studio. All is well at the party until Moe angrily breaks the record over Curly’s head, leaving the trio with no song. Larry spots a collection of records, hastily selects the "Lucia Sextet," and announces it as the "Sextet by Lucy". This song, however, requires pantomime by all three. This works well until the baritone recognizes them, and unplugs the phonograph midway through the "Lucia Sextet", leaving the trio groaning out loud. To prevent Curly from having to sing, Moe "concludes" that the Señorita has lost her voice.  Alice Van Doran is also present at the party, and catches onto the boys\' scheme. To help them out of their jam, she hides behind a curtain and sings "Voices of Spring" live as Curly again mimics his way through. This works well until the baritone, wondering how Curly is "singing" without the aid of the phonograph, discovers Alice behind the curtain. The baritone quickly yanks off Curly\'s wig, and reveals the trio as a bunch of fakes. Alice\'s father, however, sees that his daughter has genuine talent, and decides she should indeed pursue her singing career. As for the Stooges, they are pelted with records and make a quick exit from the party.'] ["Peter and David Falcone are twin waiters who want nothing more than to open their own restaurant, but are unable to get a loan. Frank Hillhurst is a corrupt businessman who has decided to give states' evidence, but his former right-hand-man has threatened to kill Hillhurst's twin nephews if he testifies. After they save his life, Hillhurst hires the Falcone brothers to protect his young nephews, paying them more than they have ever made in their life. Hillhurst soon departs with Federal Agents, leaving Peter and David with a pair of massively mischievous ten year old boys with a double mean streak.Twin Sitters"] ['{{Plot}} Gigolos in Europe are being terrorized by a serial killer. In Malibu, Deuce Bigalow\'s wife Kate is dead from a shark attack, and Deuce is invited by his former pimp T.J. Hicks to Amsterdam where T.J. is currently pimping. Deuce goes, as he is suspected of complicity in some dolphin-related injuries in Malibu and to take his mind off of Kate. After T.J. shows Deuce his boat, or "float crib," the pair go to a coffee shop where they get high and bump into Heinz Hummer, a German gigolo. After leaving the coffee shop, Deuce finds Hummer dead in an alley, but thinks he is merely stoned and takes the dead gigolo to T.J.\'s float crib, until T.J. gets back and immediately realizes that Hummer is dead. T.J. who plans to dump the body, but skeptical of Hummer\'s reputation of being well-endowed, pauses to unzip his pants and examine his genitalia. Unfortunately he is caught by a tour boat and is subsequently labeled by the media as a gay gigolo killer. T.J. escapes, but Deuce is apprehended and taken to the police station where he is interviewed by Gaspar Voorsboch, a police inspector who wants to know of T.J.\'s whereabouts. Upon his release from the police station, Deuce finds T.J. at a restaurant and recalls that he saw the real killer walking away from Hummer\'s body. Deuce says it was a woman, so they both figure it was a she-john, a former client of the murdered gigolo. T.J. convinces Deuce to help find the real killer by becoming a gigolo again, visiting the former clients and "rooting" out the killer. They attend a meeting of the Royal Order Of European Man Whores , but fail to procure a list of the clients. Afterwards, they get the list from Antoine, the professional gigolo who appeared in the first film. Deuce and T.J. visit the first client on the list. While Deuce distracts the woman T.J. breaks into her residence and finds a brand of lipstick which might be the kind found on all the victims. After leaving, Deuce finds Gaspar on the street and shows him the lipstick. Gaspar throws the lipstick in the trash, but mentions that the lipstick found on the victims "is a very rare one: Lavender Love #66". As Gaspar enters the police station, his niece, Eva, approaches him and gives him his lunch. Eva slaps herself three times. Deuce helps her pick up the things she dropped, and Eva explains to Deuce that she has obsessive-compulsive disorder. Fish-enthusiast Deuce sees that she has a painting of a fish, so they go to the Amsterdam aquarium together. Later, Deuce continues to investigate different women from Antoine\'s book, including a woman named Svetlana who was born near Chernobyl and has a very active penis for a nose, a hunchbacked woman, a woman with a tracheotomy, and a woman with gigantic ears. While visiting Eva, Deuce is snooping around and finds evidence implicating Eva. Deuce then rushes to the police department and tells Gaspar that he thinks Eva is the man-whore killer. Gaspar is reluctant to believe this, and even drops many hints that he himself is the man-whore killer, but Deuce remains clueless. While Gaspar has told Eva that he is the man-whore killer, Deuce rides with Gaspar to the Man-Whore Awards Ceremony under the guise of protecting the man-whores there. However, to Gaspar\'s surprise, Eva is chasing them on a moped, and shouting at Deuce that Gaspar is the killer. Gaspar pulls a gun on Deuce and proceeds to tell him that, once, he was a man-whore hopeful. While Gaspar was observing a demonstration on how to perform a certain sex act, one of his classmates offered to let him use his penis-enlargement pump. When the demonstration ended, Gaspar was horrified to learn that the woman who was on the receiving end of the sex act was his fiancée. Gaspar became so angry that he continued to pump until his penis exploded. He blames man-whores for the loss of his fiancée and his penis, and plans to blow them all up at their awards ceremony. At the ceremony, Deuce evacuates the building and gets into a swordfight with Gaspar. Gaspar beats Deuce, but before he can detonate the bomb, the woman with a penis for a nose and the woman with the tracheotomy arrive at the stage and distract Gaspar. Deuce then knocks out Gaspar with a trophy, taking the bomb detonator from him. For his bravery, Deuce is given the Golden Boner award - an explicit statue - and the respect of his fellow man-whores. He shares a passionate kiss with Eva, and accidentally sets off the bomb when the statue\'s penis bumps the detonator button. Deuce and Eva then promptly leave the scene. The following day, Deuce and Eva come to pick up T.J., who has been released from jail, and tells them that he is entering a brand new prostitution market: gay man-whoring. They all walk off as the screen fades to black.'] ['Gilbert Noble ([[Chris Klein  takes a stray cat named "Ringo" to the animal pound where he works. Gilbert gets his haircut by a beautiful young hairdresser named Josephine "Jo" Wingfield ([[Heather Graham . As Jo cuts Gilbert\'s hair, she mentions that she lost a tail-less cat named Ringo a while ago, leading Gilbert to tell her that Ringo is at the pound. Immediately after this revelation, Jo accidentally cuts off a part of Gilbert\'s ear, and he is rushed to the hospital. To make up for the incident, Jo invites Gilbert to her house for lunch the next day, where Gilbert meets Jo\'s self-centered mother, Valdine , and stroke-suffering father, Walter . After lunch, Gilbert and Jo start dating, and fall in love. Gilbert and Jo eventually have sex for the first time. Just as Gilbert prepares to propose to Jo, he receives a call from a detective  who has been searching for Gilbert\'s long-lost mother. Apparently, the detective has come up with the news that Gilbert\'s mother is really Valdine Wingfield, which shocks everyone. Jo leaves the Wingfield home, and Gilbert stays there while the news spreads that they had sex as siblings. 16 months later, a surprise comes to the Wingfield doorstep in the form of a young man named Leon Pitofsky  who claims to be Valdine and Walter\'s son, and presents his birth certificate as proof. Valdine and Walter feel better for a few moments before angrily lashing out at Gilbert and forcing him to leave. Gilbert runs for his life and flees Indiana to tell Jo, who now lives in Oregon, the news. Valdine phones the police station in the county where Jo lives, and reports Gilbert as a sexual predator in order to stop Gilbert from telling Jo. She tells the police to keep the whole thing quiet, but the police prove to be just as corrupt as the criminals they capture and hang "Wanted" posters all over Gilbert\'s destination town, depicting Gilbert as a "sexual predator". On his way to the town, Gilbert hits a legless middle-aged African-American named Dig McCaffrey . After stopping to help Dig, Gilbert offers Dig a ride. When they part, Dig tells Gilbert that he is one eighth Chippewa, , and that Gilbert saved his life, and therefore Dig is in debt to Gilbert. He offers Gilbert directions and hands him a business card should he ever need him. Gilbert is soon spotted by people who saw the posters, and is immediately shunned by the society as a "pervert". Meanwhile, Josephine becomes engaged to Jack Mitchelson , a rich and powerful young man who secretly deals in cocaine and marijuana, and controls over half the county by paying off numerous politicians. Valdine keeps on pushing Josephine to marry Jack, although Josephine still loves Gilbert. Gilbert tries to hide from the authorities, and Dig frequently aids him in his escape from muggers and killers. Ultimately, after many escapades with fellow patient, Mr. Campisi , Gilbert manages to find Leon, Valdine\'s real son. To win Josephine back, Gilbert and Dig make a plan to change Josephine\'s mind before the impending wedding. The plan backfires when Leon gets away from Dig. Gilbert finds himself with his hand inside a cow\'s rectum, and Josephine sees him. In another attempt, he displays a sign with the message "JO! I\'M NOT YOUR BROTHER! MARRY ME!" across the sky from a plane before Gilbert is arrested and sent to an asylum—after the word "NOT" is ripped off by a nearby tree as they take off in Dig\'s plane. Ultimately, Gilbert is not able to stop Josephine from marrying Mitchelson. Police arrive at the marriage scene to inform that Gilbert died in car accident, which was actually an act of sabotage by Leon. But unknown to everyone, Gilbert was not driving the car at the time of the accident. One of Mitchelson\'s goons had taken the car from Gilbert and the ashes are his. Walter makes a good recovery and reveals to Josephine that Valdine conspired to destroy their relationship and force Josephine into marrying Mitchelson. Also, the news that Valdine is Gilbert\'s mother was fed to the detective by Mitchelson. Josephine defies Valdine for the first time which proves to be too much for Valdine to handle, and Valdine has a stroke and falls unconscious while attacking Leon, who also participated in interrupting the wedding. Thinking that Gilbert is dead, Josephine goes back to the roof of the animal shelter where they used to hang out to disperse Gilbert\'s ashes and to give him the one gun salute that Gilbert used to give dogs who were about to be put to sleep. Gilbert, who has just begun working at his old job, sees her and mistakenly believes that she wants to commit suicide. They are finally reunited on the roof of the same animal shelter which was a catalyst for their coming together. A few months later, Gilbert and Josephine are married, and Walter, Valdine, Leon, Dig and many other people attend, with Walter on his feet and Valdine in a wheelchair after her stroke. Also, as a surprise wedding present, Gilbert\'s mother agent turns up and tells Gilbert that he has truly found his mother. In an ironic twist, Gilbert\'s mother turns out to be Suzanne Somers, a famous actress/sex symbol about whom Gilbert used to fantasize while masturbating. ; Alternative ending The DVD includes an extended ending where, after Gilly discovers his mother\'s identity, we cut to him and Jo on the roof to his vet office - Gilly got his vet - and he says that there is are only lonely people, then they kiss and live happily ever after.'] ["Wealthy Rollo Treadway  suddenly decides to propose to his neighbor across the street, Betsy O'Brien , and sends his servant to book passage for a honeymoon sea cruise to Honolulu. When Betsy rejects his sudden offer however, he decides to go on the trip anyway, boarding without delay that night. Because the pier number is partially covered, he ends up on the wrong ship, the Navigator, which Betsy's rich father  has just sold to a small country at war. Agents for the other small nation in the conflict decide to set the ship adrift that same night. When Betsy's father checks up on the ship, he is captured and tied up by the saboteurs. Betsy hears his cry for help and boards the ship to look for him, just before it is cut loose. The Navigator drifts out into the Pacific Ocean. The two unwitting passengers eventually find each other. At first, they have great difficulty looking after themselves, but adapt after a few weeks. At one point, they sight a navy ship and hoist a brightly-colored flag, not realizing it signals that the ship is under quarantine. As a result, the other vessel turns away. Finally, the ship grounds itself near an inhabited tropical island and springs a leak. While Rollo dons a deep sea diving suit and submerges to patch the hole, the black natives canoe out and take Betsy captive. When Rollo emerges from the ocean, the natives are scared off, enabling him to rescue Betsy and take her back to the ship. The natives return and try to board the ship. After a fierce struggle, Rollo and Betsy try to escape in a small dinghy. It starts to sink, and the natives swiftly overtake them in their canoes. Just when all seems lost, a navy submarine surfaces right underneath them and they are saved."] ['Taoist priest Kau is engaged to perform a reburial for a deceased rich man. Together with his inept students Man-choi and Chau-sang, Kau discovers that the corpse is still almost intact and looks alive. They attempt to prevent the corpse from resurrecting by drawing magical lines all over the coffin, but the corpse still breaks out and becomes a geung si . The vampire runs amok and starts killing many people while Kau and his students try to stop it. In one battle, Man-choi is bitten by the vampire and infected with the "vampire virus", causing him to almost turn into a vampire as well. Meanwhile, Chau-sang is seduced by a female ghost and nearly loses his soul to her. Kau has a hard time dealing with his students\' problems and putting an end to the vampire\'s rampage.'] ['Keaton plays an American Civil War veteran named Homer Cobb, who tells his story of being a Kentucky youth who enlisted in the Confederate army, but discovered that his brother, Cyrus Cobb  joined the Union army. Homer gets captured but Cyrus frees him. Cyrus is captured by the Confederate army but Homer, in turn, frees him. Homer uses all his wits and a few short logs of wood to save his town.'] ['In Los Angeles, California Fletcher Reede  is a career-focused lawyer and divorced father. He loves spending time with his young son Max ([[Justin Cooper ; they often play a game where Fletcher makes his hand into "the Claw" and pretends to chase Max with it. But Fletcher has a habit of giving precedence to his job, breaking promises to Max and his ex-wife Audrey , and then lying about the reasons. Fletcher\'s compulsive lying has also built him a reputation as one of the best defense lawyers in the state of California as he is climbing the ladder in the firm for which he works. Ultimately, Fletcher misses his son\'s fifth birthday party because he is having sex with his boss Miranda , in the hopes of making partner. Max makes a birthday wish that his father would be unable to tell a lie for an entire day &mdash; a wish that immediately becomes true. Fletcher soon discovers, through a series of embarrassing incidents &mdash; such as when he tells Miranda that he has "had better" sex than he just did with her &mdash; that he is unable to lie, mislead, or even withhold a true answer. These incidents are inconvenient, as he is fighting a divorce case in court which, should he win, could be a huge boost to his career. His client is the self-centered, money grabbing Samantha Cole . His main witness is willing to commit perjury to win, but Fletcher discovers that he cannot even ask a question if he knows the answer will be a lie; during the case he even objects to himself when he tries to lie to get the desired information. Meanwhile, Audrey is planning to move to Boston with her new boyfriend Jerry , and decides that Max is going with them so that she can protect him from getting hurt by Fletcher. Fletcher tries desperately to delay the case, even beating himself up, but he cannot conceal that he is able to continue, so the judge  insists that he does. Finally he realizes that his client had lied about her age and therefore had signed her prenuptial agreement while a minor, rendering it invalid. This allows him to win his case truthfully, but the repercussions become a catalyst to his understanding of what he himself is about to lose. Samantha who only cared about her ex-husband\'s money, takes custody of her children purely so her ex-husband would be forced to continue paying her for child care and literally pulls the children out of the arms of their responsible and caring father. Fletcher then has a crisis of conscience and shouts at the judge to reverse the decision, and is taken to jail for contempt of court. Audrey refuses to pay his bail, which is eventually paid by his secretary Greta , who forgives him for his earlier rude truth-tellings after hearing he "went all noble" in front of their firm\'s senior partner. Now recognizing his son Max as his highest priority, Fletcher struggles to keep him. He hurries to the airport, but Audrey and Max\'s plane has already left the terminal. Desperate, he hijacks a mobile stairway and pursues the plane onto the runway. The plane finally stops, but Fletcher is injured. On his way to the hospital, he vows to his son to spend more time with him and never hurt him again. Even though the 24 hours of truth are up, Max knows he means it, and Audrey decides not to move to Boston with Jerry after all. One year later, Fletcher and Audrey are celebrating Max\'s birthday. The lights go off when Max blows out his birthday candles. When they go back on, Fletcher and Audrey are kissing. Fletcher asks Max if he wished for his mom and his dad to get back together and Max replies "No, I wished for roller blades!" The family seemingly returns to normal as Fletcher chases Audrey and Max around the house with "the Claw".'] ['Buster plays a drifter who cons his way into working at an amusement park shooting gallery. Believing Buster is an expert marksman, both the murderous gang the Blinking Buzzards and the man they want to kill end up hiring him. The film ends with a wild chase through a house filled with secret passages.'] [' Mr. Bean  is a well-meaning, but hopelessly clumsy and destructive guard at the Royal National Gallery in London. Attempts by the gallery\'s board of directors to fire Bean are thwarted by the chairman who, for unspecified reasons, is very fond of him. Desperate to rid themselves of the turmoil Bean unintentionally causes, the board members send him to the United States to represent them at the unveiling of the portrait Whistler\'s Mother, which has been purchased for $50 million by the fictional Grierson Art Gallery in Los Angeles. Bean\'s visit has been arranged by the gallery\'s curator, David Langley , who is very impressed by the National Gallery\'s fabricated praise of "Dr. Bean", and decides to board him in his house. On his flight to Los Angeles, Bean attempts to amuse a child with air sickness by blowing up his M&M\'s bag and popping it to wake up the man in front of him, but without success. After the child throws up into an air sickness bag, Bean takes the bag from him and repeats the bag popping over the man\'s face, only to splatter him with vomit. He hides from the man upon his arrival to Los Angeles, where he is detained at the airport due to pretending to have a gun. His arrival at David\'s house is initially met with subtle hostility from David\'s wife Alison , son Kevin ([[Andrew Lawrence , and daughter Jennifer . Unfortunely, Alison refuses David\'s request to allow Bean to live with them for two months, and David promises Alison that he will talk to Bean and take him to a hotel after their meeting at the gallery. Bean\'s unorthodox arrival at the gallery worries many of David\'s colleagues, particularly his boss, George Grierson , who subtly warns David that he will be responsible for Bean\'s actions at the unveiling of the painting, but David promises that he can handle Bean, convinced that he is merely a little eccentric. When David takes Bean back to his house, Alison departs for her mother\'s home, unwilling to live with Bean. With his family gone, David decides to take Bean on a tour of the Los Angeles art galleries before Whistler\'s Mother arrives. However, Bean decides that he and David should go to Pacific Park instead, but lands in police detainment for the second time after tampering with the controls of a motion simulator ride, making it go dangerously fast after deeming that his first ride earlier was too slow. This prompts Lieutenant Brutus , who dealt with Bean at the airport, makes David accountable for Bean and threatening to arrest Bean if he ever steps out of line again. Following a miserable dinner with Grierson which David had forgotten about, where Bean accidentally blows up the microwave after attempting to cook their Thanksgiving turkey in it, David finally realises that Bean is not a doctor and knows nothing about art. David is obliged to continue with the deception, however, as he has already staked his professional career on Bean\'s supposed reputation as a noted art scholar. The next day, Whistler\'s Mother arrives at the Grierson Art Gallery, and Bean is given a few minutes alone to study it, in an effort to keep him out of trouble. While dusting the frame, Bean accidentally sneezes on the painting and wipes it with a handkerchief, not knowing that it is covered in blue ink from a broken pen, and therefore the painting is stained. Terrified, Bean takes it to a supply room to get some agent by which to remove the ink. He uses lacquer thinner, which also dissolves the painted face from the painting. Much to his horror, Bean attempts to patch it up with an extremely unconvincing cartoon face. Upon seeing it, David is also horrified and hides the painting behind its metal security shutters. Fearing that David will lose his job and possibly face criminal proceedings for his vandalism, he and Bean head off to a bar to drown their sorrows. During the night, Bean hatches his plan to restore Whistler\'s Mother. Bean gathers a few items from David\'s house and makes his way to the Grierson Art Gallery. Bean distracts the only security guard on duty by putting laxative in his coffee, followed by switching the men\'s bathroom keys with some other set. He removes the destroyed painting from its frame and replaces it with a poster version of itself, glossing it with an egg and varnish mix to make it appear authentic. At the unveiling of Whistler\'s Mother the next day, David is overjoyed to see Bean finally restore the painting, but expects Bean, who has totally forgotten to come up with a speech, to make a fool of himself on national television when he takes the podium at the press conference. However, Bean\'s brief but effective off-the-cuff speech regarding the work is both very simple and very deep, cementing the public\'s perception of him as a scholarly virtuoso. Despite initial doubts, the officials and hierarchy appear to take his words to heart and enjoy the speech. After the unveiling, Brutus finds David and informs him that Jennifer has been involved in a motorcycle accident because she rebelled against David for not getting rid of Bean and is in intensive care. Bean and David are given a police escort to the hospital to see Jennifer, but Brutus stops on his way to deal with an armed robber, who shot Brutus in his stomach before being arrested. Due to a mix-up at the hospital, Bean is mistaken for a doctor and pushed into an operating theatre containing Brutus, who is still barely alive. While the other doctors and nurses are distracted, Bean unconventionally retrieves the bullet and eventually rescues Brutus, earning the admiration of his colleagues. Bean is again mistaken for a doctor and this time, David takes him to see Jennifer, who is unconscious. Bean, unsure what to do, attempts to use a defibrillator to bring Jennifer back to life, but accidentally shocks himself and is sent flying across the room and lands on Jennifer in her bed and waking her up in the process. Still not recognising Bean, David and Alison tells him that they will offer him anything. Bean reveals himself and later asks if he can stay with them for another week before returning to London. Though baffled, the Langleys gladly accept. After another week in Los Angeles with the Langleys, for which he gives the family gifts, and explores the city, a biker shows him his middle finger, Bean thinks it is a sign of good luck and heads to the airport to return to London. Before leaving, David tells Bean that he is welcome to come back and visit any time he likes. In his flat, Bean, getting ready to bed for the night, turns off the light and looks at the original vandalised Whistler\'s Mother, which now has pride-of-place on his wall, and shows it to his Teddy before closing his eyes and going to sleep.'] ['Deuce Bigalow , a diminutive fishtank cleaner , is fired for cleaning the tank at a public aquarium in the nude. Deuce has no success in attracting women, so he tries to stay busy with work. On a house call, he meets a Russian male prostitute Antoine Laconte . Antoine is going on a business trip, and he asks Deuce to care for his lionfish and his home while he is away. Deuce accidentally sets Antoine\'s kitchen on fire when trying to make a grilled cheese sandwich in the toaster, and smashes an expensive fish tank. Fearing Antoine will kill him, Deuce is forced to find a way to pay for the damage. Low-rent pimp T.J. Hicks  offers to help Deuce make enough money to buy a new fish tank, and convinces Deuce to take over the absent Antoine\'s role as a gigolo. Deuce decides to make the clients feel better about themselves, since he only desires to have sex with beautiful, sexy women. Deuce meets unusual clients but he still manages to get along with them, despite there being no sex involved, by doing something that has never happened with them before. These clients include: *a woman who is severely narcoleptic. Rather than having sex, Deuce just literally sleeps in bed with her. *one woman who has Tourettes Syndrome with coprolalia, and therefore is afraid of socializing. Deuce decides to take her to a baseball game, where her sporadic outbursts of profanity are likely to fit in with the crowd\'s yelling. After a few outbursts, the crowd starts cheering with her. *an obese woman weighing close to 750 pounds. Deuce averts the woman\'s advances, leaving her somewhat emotionally disarmed to the point of revealing her insecurities with her appearance. Deuce quickly comes up with an alternative form of "play", and the scene changes to Deuce and the woman sitting on her sofa playing a food-themed trivia game. *another woman has a pituitary gland disorder and is extremely tall, so tall in fact that her face is always out of frame . As Deuce walks down a sidewalk with the woman, various unseen bystanders yell insults at her, such as "Freak!" and, "That\'s a huge bitch!" the latter insult becoming one of the most memorable lines from the movie . Deuce\'s list of clients gradually increases, with each client being satisfied by much more fulfilling measures  due to Deuce\'s evasion of sex with them. However, Deuce falls in love with one of his clients, Kate , who has a prosthetic leg. She later breaks up with Deuce when she finds out that he was a prostitute hired by her friends. Meanwhile, Deuce is pursued by Detective Chuck Fowler ([[William Forsythe , who demands Antoine\'s "black book" of clients and threatens to take Deuce to jail if he does not comply. Deuce eventually helps Detective Fowler please his wife by stripping and erotically dancing for her, and the two make peace. Deuce is still taken into custody on prostitution charges, as Fowler needs someone to bring in. At the hearing, it is revealed that Deuce never slept with any of the clients except for Kate. Since Deuce gave back the money to Kate and was not paid for sex with her, he is cleared of all charges. Using the money he made, Deuce restores Antoine\'s fish tank, albeit with lower-quality glass. Unfortunately, one of Deuce\'s friends accidentally kills the prize fish in Antoine\'s aquarium. Deuce buys a replacement fish and returns to Antoine\'s house just in time. Antoine is suspicious, but cannot figure out why. He taps the new aquarium and the glass shatters. Deuce then reveals his man-whoring escapades to the confused and angry Antoine. Outraged, Antoine tries to kill Deuce, and at one point shoots an arrow at him. However, the aforementioned overweight client shows up, comes between the two men, and saves Deuce\'s life . Antoine is then arrested by Detective Fowler, and Deuce marries Kate.'] ["Hugo Z. Hackenbush  is a veterinarian who is hired as chief of staff for the Standish Sanitarium, owned by Judy Standish , at the insistence of her most important patient, the rich Mrs. Upjohn, , who insists on being treated only by Dr. Hackenbush. The Sanitarium has fallen on hard times, and banker J.D. Morgan  is attempting to gain control of it. Judy hopes that Mrs. Upjohn will make a large donation and stop that from happening. Meanwhile, Judy's boyfriend, singer Gil Stewart ([[Allan Jones , has taken his life's savings and bought a horse with it, instead of paying for vocal lessons to further his career as a radio singer. His hope is that the horse, Hi-Hat, will win a big race, and the money will save the sanitarium. Unfortunately, he now has no money to pay for the horse's feed, and he and Tony , who works for the sanitarium, and Stuffy , Hi-Hat's jockey, have to resort to trickery to fend off the Sheriff  &ndash; who is Morgan's stooge &ndash; attempts to rattle Mrs. Upjohn's faith in Hackenbush by having her discover him in a compromising situation with a floozie, . Hackenbush is saved by Stuffy and Tony, who pose as house detectives and then as paperhangers, pasting the vamp to the wall behind layers of wallpaper. Next, Whitmore brings in the eminent Dr. Steinberg , who exposes Hackenbush as a quack. Hackenbush, Tony, Stuffy and Gil hide out in Hi-Hat's stable, where Judy soon joins them. Morgan finds them and is about to have them arrested when the horse sees him and bolts, running for the racetrack, where he jumps the fence and enters the ongoing race, with Stuffy riding him and spurring him on by showing the animal a picture of Morgan."] ['The film\'s story concerns Victor Ajax , a young technician in the employ of Trend-Odegard Security. Mr. Trend, co-owner of the company , has learned of a plan by his partner to sell the company to Renaldo "The Heel"  and responds by hiring two exterminators who promise to "kill all sizes"  in order to eliminate Odegard and his plan. When Vic, who has been installing security cameras in Trend\'s apartment building, seems about to go back to the store, Trend distracts him with a lecture about "the grand design" and sends Vic on a quest to find his dream girl. The dream girl spontaneously materializes in the form of Nancy , who responds minimally to Vic but is enamored of Renaldo. Victor and several residents of the building including Mrs. Trend  run afoul of the killers and a seemingly random series of slapstick murders ensues, which is ultimately pinned on Victor. The movie is framed by Vic\'s journey to the electric chair for the crimes as Nancy, accompanied by several nuns, races to the scene in order to clear him. Raimi\'s trademarks are here including his 1973 Oldsmobile Delta 88  and younger brother Ted Raimi. Noted Hollywood producer Edward R. Pressman also plays a pivotal role.'] ['A janitor Jake Rogers  wakes up next to a dead body with no memory of who he is and how he got there, but gradually comes to believe he is a secret undercover agent, and after fleeing the hotel and meeting his wife Diane  and girlfriend  Jake goes on one crazy adventure to find out who he is.'] ['In the second Stooge adaptation of Pygmalion, the trio are repairmen who make a scene in the presence of two psychologists, Professors Quackenbush  and Sedletz . Quackenbush makes a bet with Sedletz that he can turn the boys into gentlemen through environment. Training is slow and painful for the professor, who pulls his hair out in disgust. The Stooges take the opportunity to flirt with the professor\'s daughter, Lulu ([[Barbara Slater , while learning table etiquette. Finally, the winner of the wager will be decided by the boys\' behavior at a fancy society party. The party, naturally, goes awry. Curly greets guest Mrs. Smythe-Smythe  by kissing her hand, and biting off the diamond in her ring. Realizing this, Moe and Larry take Curly to a secluded area to lecture him, only to find that the kleptomaniac Stooge has swiped a load of silverware as well. Curly then grabs a pie from a pastry table, and tries to eat it whole. Moe sees this, swipes the pie, and pushes Curly out of the way. Seeing the approaching Mrs. Smythe-Smythe, Moe tosses the pie straight up, resulting in it sticking to the ceiling. Noticing his nervousness and frequent upward glances, she sympathetically comments, "young man, you act as if the Sword of Damocles is hanging over your head." Moe tells Mrs. Smythe-Smythe she must be psychic and leaves. Bewildered, Mrs. Smythe-Smythe says "I wonder what\'s wrong with that young man?" and looks up to see what had him so concerned. At that moment the pie comes crashing down in the society matron\'s face. This sparks off a massive pie melee that takes no prisoners.'] ["The film is split into four stories: #Xixo trying to find his lost children #Two elephant poachers traveling in a truck on which Xixo's children are stuck #A zoologist and a lawyer stranded in a desert #Two soldiers fighting each other The story starts with two elephant poachers crossing the area in which Xixo's tribe lives. Curious about their vehicle, Xixo's son Xiri and daughter Xisa climb into the water tank trailer and are subsequently taken for an involuntary ride as the poachers continue. Xixo follows the truck on foot, determined to retrieve his children. A young lawyer named Ann Taylor arrives at a bush clinic to participate in a lecture. Since she has some spare time, she accepts the invitation by a young man to take a joy ride in his two-seat, twin engined ultralight aircraft. They go to see scientist Dr. Stephen Marshall, who exchanges places with the other pilot so he and Ann can continue on, but the plane crashes, stranding them both in the middle of the Kalahari desert. In addition, war is brewing, personified by a lost Cuban soldier  and his Angolan enemy , who repeatedly attempt to take each other prisoner. In the course of the movie, all these people cross paths with Xixo and/or his children. Finally, the plot culminates in the poachers capturing Xixo, Taylor, Marshall, and the two soldiers. Xixo manages to save them, and one of the poachers, who is actually a nice guy kept under the heel of his boss, gives Xixo directions to his children. The boss poacher is captured, both soldiers come to somewhat reluctant terms and part without further violence, Taylor and Marshall return to civilization , and Xixo and his family are happily reunited."] ["Set in the silent film era, Rainbow Studios figures they are losing revenue to a rival studio because they don't have Rudolph Valentino. Led by studio head Adolph Zitz, they decide to hold a contest for the World's Greatest Lover in order to find a star to combat Valentino's popularity. Rudy Hickman is a neurotic baker, but aspires to become a Hollywood star. His entry into the contest  tests his marriage, and his neuroses manifest in his screen test, where he nearly kills his fellow actress. Surprisingly, this behavior scores favorably with Zitz and the studio executives reviewing his performance. He gets a slot in the final phase of the contest, just after finding his wife Annie has left him."] ["In the small Australian town of Yackandandah, Vince owns the local movie theatre and several other businesses, and is having trouble paying his taxes because his ex-wife got everything. The news of a new tax benefit for homosexual couples gives Vince an idea: he and best friend Ralph, a mechanic, can claim to be a couple and receive the benefits. Two complications develop: because of a careless mail delivery person, the postmaster sees their application for benefits and tells one person, and soon the whole town knows. Also, the national government is sending an investigator to make sure the men's relationship is legitimate. Vince and Ralph take lessons in passing as gay from hairdresser Eric. They also visit Sydney and spend time at a gay club. Russell, the investigator, shows up early, and so does Ralph's daughter Carla, who wants to introduce Peta, her girlfriend. It turns out that while Ralph is not homosexual, Carla is. Ralph and Vince redecorate Ralph's house and complete their interview, and they attend the local Fireman's Ball. Since Russell is there, Ralph and Vince have to continue their charade. Also, their friends from Sydney's gay club show up. Ralph makes a big speech about how his relationship with Vince is no one's business, and that their friends from out of town are normal people despite how they look. Carla is shocked by what her father has done, though Peta is pleased to learn about Ralph. Russell tells the men he was not convinced in the interview, but he believes they are good people with a special relationship and should not be treated like criminals."] ['The year is 1672, and the Stooges are garbage scow sailors stranded on Dead Man\'s Island. At first, the governor  finds it hard to believe that the trio are actually sailors due to their modern uniforms, but changes his mind once Curly starts flirting  with his fiancée, Rita . The governor throws the Stooges in jail, and sentences them to death via burning at the stake. Lucky for the Stooges, Rita has no interest in marrying the ruthless colonial governor and helps the boys escape by exposing some hidden tools. She then directs them to drill their way specifically through the west wall in order to escape safely. Unfortunately, the Stooges argue incessantly, choose the wrong wall, and land right right back in their cell. Rita quickly suggests the boys disguise themselves as "wayfarers from a strange land" bringing priceless gifts. Curly is the great, nearsighted Maharaja of Canarsie who has domains on the isles of Coney and Long. Moe is the Gin of Rummy, and Larry is an accomplice. Moe and Curly exchange in conversations consisting of doublespeak and gibberish and offer the governor a raspberry lollipop, which he mistakes as a ruby as large as a turkey\'s egg. Moe dubs it the "Ruby de Lollipopskia." Next is a fountain pen that the governor mistakes as a tusk from a black walrus. The governor is delighted with these gifts, and requests that the Maharaja bring him some fair damsels. Honoring his request, the Stooges escape quickly, not wasting a moment. However, the governor\'s secretary  reveals the Stooges\' true identities, and the governor is livid. Once he learns they are headed to the cutthroat pirate Black Louie\'s, however, he enlists the scoundrel\'s help to kill the escaped sailor Stooges. The Stooges meet Black Louie  at a saloon, and engage in a game of target practice. They enlist a reluctant Larry as the live target, and begin the knife-throwing. In the interim, Rita quietly makes her presence known to the boys, and alerts them of the governor\'s plan. They realize they must flee, but Curly\'s awkward knife throwing  puts Black Louie on the defense. The fight breaks out in the saloon, with the Stooges winning out.'] ["Chris Pepper  and Charlie Salt  lose their nightclub and turn to Pepper's aristocratic twin brother for help. He refuses to help them, and is then found murdered. Pepper assumes his identity, and soon discovers that he was a diamond smuggler, and was murdered by his accomplices. Salt and Pepper band together to put the criminals behind bars."] ['Keaton plays an American soldier during World War II who escapes from an airplane crash over the Pacific Ocean. He is adrift for a long period and his face becomes covered in a scraggly beard. He arrives on a beach, believing he has landed in Japan, but he is actually in Mexico. He wanders into a fishing village and is promptly arrested under the mistaken belief that he is a wanted serial killer who marries and murders women . Keaton and another prisoner  are put in the custody of an aeronautics scientist who is planning to launch a manned rocket into outer space. The two prisoners, along with the scientist’s assistant  are blasted into space, but their craft lands in an isolated portion of Mexico instead. They mistake a beekeeper wearing protective headgear as an alien, while the beekeeper believes the trio  are aliens. The prisoners and the scientist’s assistant are apprehended by the local police, and the matter is quickly settled. Keaton and his cellmate receive pardons and are free to go on their way.Kline, Jim. “The Complete Films of Buster Keaton.” Pages 190-191.Citadel Press, 1993. ISBN 0-8065-1303-9'] ['Bud "Squirrel" Macintosh and Doyle "Stubs" Johnson are best friends and live together in the same house. Their girlfriends, Monique and Jen, are environmentalists who ask Bud and Doyle to join them at an Earth Day event. The troublemakers, however, are not interested in picking up trash, so they fake an injury to Doyle\'s head in order to get out of the environmentalist gathering. Although they are sympathetic at first, their girlfriends eventually find out it is a trick and go to the Earth Day event without Bud and Doyle. Once there, they call the boys from a payphone to announce they\'ll be joining some hot guys from a swim team at a party down by a lake. Jealous, Bud and Doyle drive out to the lake, only to find there is no party, and they have been had. On the way home, they drive by an area where scientist Dr. Noah Faulkner is about to seal his team into the "Bio-Dome" for a year without outside contact. Mistaking it for a mall and going inside to use the bathroom, they get sealed in along with the scientists. Dr. Leaky discovers them and demands that they be kicked out. Faulkner refuses, claiming it would destroy the purpose of the experiment, so Bud and Doyle end up remaining. This proves a mistake, as Bud and Doyle begin acting like they did outside of the Dome, harming themselves and destroying many of the scientists\' projects. The scientists remain silent, but they soon grow tired of the childish behavior and dump the boys into their desert environment section. After three days of being stuck in the desert environment, they discover a key in the lock of one of the windows and escape the Bio-Dome. To impress their girlfriends with their newfound interest in the environment, Bud and Doyle organize a party at the Bio-Dome, but this only angers their girlfriends, who tell them they\'re destroying the Dome\'s experiment. After the party, Bud and Doyle try to make it up to their girlfriends by cleaning up all the trash, saving the Dome\'s environment, with the help of all the scientists. Faulkner, who has gone mad because of Bud and Doyle\'s antics, plans to blow up the Dome with homemade coconut bombs. He fails, but does blow open the Dome\'s door, allowing everyone to exit, considering the fiasco a success. The film ends with Faulkner running off into the desert after climbing out the same window Bud and Doyle used to escape through earlier, while Bud, Doyle, and their girlfriends drive off toward a mysterious factory so Doyle can yet again use the bathroom.'] ["Set in Casablanca shortly after World War II, escaped Nazi war criminal Heinrich Stubel  has steadily murdered three different managers of the Hotel Casablanca. Disguised as a Count Pfferman, Stubel's goal is to reclaim the stolen art treasures that he has hidden in the hotel. However, the only way he can do this undetected is by murdering the hotel's managers and running the hotel himself. The newest manager of Hotel Casablanca is former motel proprietor Ronald Kornblow , who is very much unaware that he has been hired because no one else will dare take the position. Inept Kornblow takes charge of the hotel, and eventually crosses paths with Corbaccio , owner of the Yellow Camel company, who appoints himself as Kornblow's bodyguard, aided and abetted by Stubel's valet Rusty . In his many efforts to murder Kornblow, Stubel sends beautiful Beatrice Reiner  to romance the clueless manager. Before Stubel can make his escape to the airfield with the loot, Kornblow, his friends, and Miss Reiner invade his hotel room and sneak from suitcase to closet and back again to unpack his bags, which serves to drive him thoroughly mad. Arrested on false charges, Kornblow, Corbaccio and Rusty eventually crash Stubel's plane into a police station where the brothers expose Stubel as an escaped Nazi."] ["The Stooges are singing waiters in a saloon out West, accompanied by three cowgirls. Unfortunately, saloon keeper Maxey  is surly and patronizing to the hard working girls. The girls have little choice, as they are forced to work for him because their father is in debt. The Stooges vow to make enough money to pay off the debt and wed the girls, and decide to go prospecting for gold. Unknown to the Stooges, however, Maxey has recently robbed a bank and buried the loot. In their digging, the boys managed to discover Maxey's stash, thinking they are truly in the dough. They return to town, but Maxey gets his hands on the money and flee the saloon. The Stooges, of course, catch up with Maxey, retrieve the loot, and end up giving back to the bank from whence it came, much to their astonishment."] ['Administrators at a Mildew College, an all-girl school, are begging the school\'s largest benefactor, Mrs. Catsby , to provide an athletic fund for the school. She does not approve of girls playing sports, and informs the administrators that the money will be used for the salaries of the three new European professors that are arriving that day. Meanwhile, the Stooges have just started a new job as servicemen at a service station, with a strong held belief of "super soyvice!" When they get a customer , they proceed to provide their own inept brand of service, angering the men. The mayhem ends when Curly accidentally puts gasoline in the radiator and Moe checks it with a match. The resulting explosion prompts the Stooges to flee in a nearby ice cream truck that they had coincidentally thrown the German men\'s suitcases into. Curly climbs in the back while Moe and Larry are in the front.  The Stooges finally stop when they run out of gas. Moe and Larry realize that Curly is still in the back of the truck and is now frozen solid. They thaw him out by tying him to a tree branch over an open fire  This works fine until Curly wakes up on fire and jumps into a nearby lake. When Moe and Larry try to help him out, he pulls them in with him. Now soaked, the boys decide to see if there are any dry clothes in the suitcases they had thrown into the truck. The suitcases, it turns out, belong to the three new professors for Mildew College, and as the boys, now decked in their gowns and mortarboards, try to hitch a ride, Mrs. Catsby spots then and picks them up, bringing them to the school. During the introductions of the "new professors," a student gets wise with a nonplussed Larry, and in order to test their "mental coordination", Moe begins a rendition of "Swinging the Alphabet", which starts off fine and eventually transcends into a jazzy, off-time performance. Later, during the buffet lunch, the three professors show up, blowing the Stooges\' cover and vowing to return to "Hamburg on the Clipper!" When Mrs. Catsby angrily confronts the Stooges, they tell her that the college needs athletics, not the foreign professors. They offer to demonstrate and the class follows. Meanwhile, the professors mix an explosive into a basketball. The boys demonstrate football plays using the basketball, and force Mrs. Catsby to join in. After being tackled "on her own five yard line," she agrees to provide an athletic fund if the boys would get the professors back. As the boys are about to agree, Curly throws an errant basket, going over the fence and exploding in front of the professors, who are blown back into the Stooges clutches. The boys vow to clean them up and give a little "super soyvice."'] ['The Stooges are cavemen living in the stone age. They must tend to their daily chores, consisting of mixing milk, hunting fish, and gathering eggs. Such is life in the prehistoric times. That afternoon, Moe has a date with his girlfriend, Aggie . Shemp and Larry want to join, as Aggie has two sisters for the boys, Maggie  and Baggie . When rival cavemen allege that the Stooges stole their women, a fight breaks out, with the trio catapulting rocks, mud and eggs at the cavemen. After fending them off, the victorious Stooges are free to woo their sweethearts.'] ['The Stooges are repairmen fixing the doorbell in a large house which is the secret headquarters of some Nazi spies, headed by the ruthless Hans . They manage to ruin most of the house while working on the wiring and then subdue the spies and sink an enemy submarine by remote control.'] ['Lannie  has Annabel  taken into prison in order to generate publicity before the release of her new movie. However, when Annabel is released a month later, she finds that nobody has noticed, and she has Lannie fired. But when he pays a struggling actress to pretend to be his sick mother, Annabel has Lannie rehired, and he immediately begins plotting his next stunt. The head of Wonder Pictures informs Annabel that her film has been canceled, and that she is to star in a new film, The Maid and the Man. Lannie arranges to have her work as "Mary", a maid for the Fletchers, their teenage son Robert , and inventor "Major" . While Robert becomes infatuated with Annabel, she is expected to cook and clean for the family, so she calls on Lannie to help. Meanwhile, the investors interested in one of Major\'s inventions, a rubber ring placed around a plate so that it will bounce rather than break when dropped, appear in the morning newspaper as robbers. They are in fact waiting for their own publicity to die down so that they can make a getaway. Back at Wonder Pictures, The Maid and the Man has been scrapped, but when Lannie calls Annabel to tell her, she answers that she can\'t leave. Though first confused, he finds Annabel\'s police mug shot in the paper along with the robbers, and forms a plan to outfit fifty extras as policemen . As they march towards the house firing blanks, the robbers return fire with real bullets, and the extras scatter. Lannie sneaks into the house alone, but is captured. When the real policemen arrive, the robbers try to make a break for it, using Lannie and Allison as shields. Instead, Annabel uses her martial arts training to throw one of the robbers to the ground, while Lannie bites the other. Annabel returns to Wonder Pictures and is disappointed to find that The Maid and the Man has been replaced by The Diamond Smuggler, in which she is to play the lead. On her way out, Annabel picks up a gift which Lannie had arranged for her to receive, and is apprehended when the police open it to discover the precious jewels inside. Lannie watches on from the front of the new billboard for The Diamond Smuggler as Annabel is driven away screaming.'] ['At Game 6 of the 1977 World Series, Joe "Coop" Cooper catches Reggie Jackson\'s third home run in the stands and proclaims to his best friend, Doug Remer, that "One day, I\'m gonna be a big sports star." 16 years later, Coop  and Remer  are 23 and unemployed and about to have their gas shut off. They arrive uninvited at a party hosted by a former high school classmate of theirs. After finding out that their classmates have grown up and moved on with their lives, Coop and Remer find themselves outside drinking beer and shooting hoops on the driveway basketball court. There, two other former classmates challenge them to a game. The two see that their opponents are very good at basketball, so they say they will only play a new game they picked up "in the hood". Clearly making this new game up as they go, Coop originally proposes the game Horse, but changes it to basketball with baseball rules: shots made from different locations count as singles, doubles, triples, and home runs, and missed shots count as outs. During the challenger\'s first shot, Coop "psyches" him out to make him miss; this is another rule made up on the spot. A "psyche out" can be anything said or done that makes the offense lose their concentration and miss their shot. Essentially "BASEketball" is a hybrid of "Horse," "Around The World" and a lot of trash talking. Coop and Remer continue playing their new game, "BASEketball", and add a third member to their team, Kenny "Squeak" Scolari . Six months later, people come from miles around to watch them play the game they created against other neighborhood teams. Ted Denslow  shows up to propose creation of the National BASEketball League , with numerous rules in place to prevent the sport from deteriorating as other sports had done: teams cannot switch cities, players cannot be traded, and individuals cannot make money via corporate sponsorship deals. Five years after creation of the league, the NBL is in full swing with stadiums, teams, fans, and a major championship . During the 1997 championship, Denslow, who is the owner of the Milwaukee Beers for whom Coop and Remer both play, chokes on a hot dog and dies. Denslow\'s will grants Coop ownership of the Beers for one year; if they do not win the next Denslow Cup, ownership reverts to Denslow\'s widow Yvette . The owner of the Dallas Felons, Baxter Cain , wants to change the league rules to allow teams to move cities and players to switch teams, but could not accomplish this while Denslow was alive. Yvette would have been willing to comply had she been given ownership of the team, but Coop refuses to accept any of the proposed changes. Cain and Yvette work together to make sure the Beers will lose the next Denslow Cup and Yvette will win ownership of the team. In a private conversation at Cain\'s office, Cain tells Remer that Coop has said no to Cain\'s plans without talking to the other members of the Beers. Remer then goes to the Beers behind Coop\'s back and tells the team what he learned from Cain. After Remer and the other members of the Beers confront him, Coop agrees to split all decision making with Remer and the team. The team continues to agree that the rules should not be changed. Coop also seemingly enters into a relationship with Jenna, despite Remer\'s attempts to get between them. Cain cuts the funds to Jenna\'s foundation, forcing Coop and Remer to ask Cain for help. Cain suggests creating a clothing line and sending the proceeds to her foundation. Coop is entirely against it, but Remer, as part team owner, immediately agrees, and becomes so obsessed with his newfound fame that he alienates Coop. After they win the league semifinals, Cain informs Coop and Remer through photos that their clothing line has been produced through child labor in Calcutta. If the public learns about it, the team and Jenna\'s foundation will be ruined. Cain threatens to show the photos to the public unless Coop and Remer lose or skip the Denslow Cup game. Jenna learns about the child labor scandal and breaks it off with Coop. Coop blames Remer for the mess and they have a falling out, and Coop decides to go to Calcutta to resolve the situation. Coop replaces all the child workers in the factory with adult workers and makes it back just as the fifth annual Denslow Cup begins. The Beers start with an abysmal performance, failing to make one hit in six innings. At the seventh-inning stretch, the Beers are down 16&ndash;0. After a moving speech from Squeak, Coop and Remer reconcile their differences and Yvette breaks off her alliance with Cain. Coop, Remer, and Squeak finally get back into the game and start scoring. In the bottom of the ninth, Remer is on second, Squeak is on third, and Coop is up when his custom-made BASEketball  pops. Joey brings Coop a new custom-made BASEketball made from a Barcalounger. Coop misses, but successfully completes the conversion, which is considered a home run for the win and the Denslow Cup. He meets Reggie Jackson after the game, who wishes him luck in the next season. Coop and Jenna reunite while Remer hooks up with Yvette, as the team happily carries Squeak on the Denslow Cup.'] ['The film opens with two common thugs, Brian Hope  and Charlie McManus  pulling off a bank heist with their mob, but their boss is killed and replaced with a new, rather brash one, Mr. "Case" Casey. Disapproving of Casey\'s methods, Brian and Charlie wish to leave, and a corrupt auto dealer, Norm, on Casey\'s payroll, desiring the same, tells Casey of this. Casey kills Norm to make an example of him, apparently intending to spare Brian and Charlie. Meanwhile, Brian meets and begins a romantic relationship with Faith Thomas , a short sighted aspiring psychology student. Brian and Charlie ultimately come up with a plan to betray their gang and flee the country, whilst robbing a Triad gang of their ill-gotten money through drug dealing. However, Casey, no longer trusting Brian and Charlie, plans to betray them at the same time, ordering his hit men, Abbott and Morley, to kill them during the robbery. Brian and Charlie\'s plan, to rob the Triads and flee, goes well until their car runs out of petrol, as Brian had forgotten to refill it. They flee the gunfight on foot and hide in a nunnery, dressing up as Nuns and introducing themselves to the Sister Superior, Liz  as Sisters Euphemia  and Inviolata . Enraged, Casey places a bounty on Brian and Charlie\'s heads. Faith, who witnessed the gunfight and saw Brian and Charlie enter the nunnery, goes to the nunnery to find them, but she is taken to the infirmary after Sister Liz notices a gunshot wound on Faith\'s arm . Brian spots her, and confronts her in her room, telling her that he is married and wants her to leave them alone for her safety. Faith lets slip that she is going to the church to confess. Brian, worried that the priest, Father Seamus, may advise Faith to go to the police, enlists Charlie\'s help in distracting Father Seamus long enough for Brian to impersonate him. During the confession, Faith admits that she does love Brian, and Brian advises her to "keep her trap shut" and lie to the police if she has to. However, as Faith leaves the church, the Triads abduct her and interrogate her about their stolen money. Faith tells them that Casey will most likely have it, as Brian and Charlie worked for him. The Triads release her, but she bumps into a pole and bangs her head when she falls over, ending up in the hospital. Brian attempts to call Faith at her home to renew their relationship, but she does not answer. They break into her apartment, but at the same time, Morley and Abbott come looking for her. They narrowly escape through the window, at the cost of leaving their nun attire behind. That night, after narrowly avoiding the Triads, Brian and Charlie sneak back into the nunnery through the window of a rather eccentric nun, Sister Mary, who wakes up and starts a commotion. Brian and Charlie make it to their rooms just in time and slip into their spare nun clothes. Once alone, Charlie convinces Brian that their best option now is to take their money and just go to the airport, but Brian learns that Faith is in the hospital and goes to see her as a nun. Brian begs Charlie to let him bring Faith with them, but Charlie refuses, spotting a Triad posing as a janitor, waiting for them. Brian and Charlie prepare to carry out their plan, but Sister Mary spots them and recognises them as the two men who broke into her room by noticing Charlie\'s growing beard. They tie her up and break into the cupboard to regain their confiscated money, but the other nuns catch them and they are forced to tell them the truth before making a run for it. Unfortunately, Abbott sees them steal a man\'s truck with the money and he and Morley give chase, as do Sisters Liz and Mary. Abbott contacts Casey, who joins the chase, as do the Triads, who were watching him. Brian directs Charlie to the hospital, where he tells Faith the truth whilst Charlie distracts their enemies and the police. Ultimately, Casey, Morley and Abbott meet their individual fates as Brian and Charlie escape from the hospital with Faith, disguised as nurses and stealing an ambulance. The Triads spot them, but are unable to give chase due to injuries sustained from their previous encounters with Brian and Charlie. Sisters Liz and Mary find a briefcase of money left behind accidentally by Brian and Charlie, and decide to donate it to a drug rehabilitation clinic. At the airport, Brian and Charlie book a flight to Brazil for themselves and Faith, but a security guard appears and demands to speak with anyone called Hope or McManus. The final scene shows Faith on the plane to Brazil, apparently alone, until Brian and Charlie appear before her, disguised as flight attendants.'] ['The film opens with an animated segment, mostly with animal arguments. The live portion begins when George  and his son Junior  ride in on Shep. When the narrator (voiced by [[Keith Scott  shows a surprise reaction of the actor playing George, the "new George" states that the studio is "too cheap to pay Brendan Fraser." George is currently in a situation where he isn\'t able to keep track of whether to help the animals, and to be with Ursula  and Junior. George also wants to teach Jr. how to vine swing, but Jr. prefers vine surfing. George wanting to spend some time with Ursula doesn\'t impress some the animals including the Mean Lion , who wants the throne for himself. Meanwhile, Ursula\'s mother, Beatrice Stanhope , and three of the Swahilian explorers from the previous film arrive for Junior\'s birthday. George gives his son a spear, while Beatrice has bought lots of expensive items, to coax Ursula and her son to come back to San Francisco. Secretly, Beatrice is in a plot with Lyle Van De Groot  to steal the deed to Ape Mountain, in order to get Ursula as his wife. Their guess is that George\'s brother, Ape , who is gambling in Las Vegas, has the deed to Ape Mountain, so Lyle cheats in a game of poker, making Ape lose. Discovering Ape doesn\'t own the deed to the mountain, but George does, he makes Ape work off his debts from the gambling by working in his theatre for the next 17 years. Beatrice tries to convince George to let Ursula and Junior go back to the US, but he goes with them to see Ape in Las Vegas, leaving the Mean Lion to have the advantage to take over the jungle as the new king. Lyle and his agents, Sally  and Kowalski , break into George\'s room. They go through George\'s underwear, which they find more than they anticipated. They almost give up but eventually they find the deed as Sally and Kowalski grin with delight. After several failed attempts by her mother and friends  to convince Ursula to leave George and go back to San Francisco, they get a hypnotist to hypnotise her into forgetting George and thinking Lyle is her husband. As Lyle has the deed, he orders bulldozers to destroy the jungle. George, Ape, and Rocky the kangaroo attempt to find Ursula and Junior and take them back to the jungle. As Ape, George and Rocky try and escape to the Jungle. They encounter Sally and Kowalski who have come to capture them. The women attempt to capture them, holding them at gun point. After Ape throws a suitcase at them disarming the women they chase after them. Despite almost capturing George, an attendant stops the women by holding them down briefly and they are unsuccessful in capturing George and Ape. They get away from the rather attractive two. After another chase involving animal patrol and the police happens on the roof, Lyle\'s women are searching an old granny instead of cranny, when they realise they make a run for it. George finds Ursula, who doesn\'t recognize him due to the hypnotism. Junior and the others head back to the jungle . Lyle has sent his agents over already to destroy the jungle including his attractive but evil women. After getting Shep to take them back to the treehouse, they find out that the Mean Lion has taken over, so George defeats him easily with something he learned when he was younger, pinching Lion\'s ear, which knocks him out. When George discovers the bulldozers heading through the jungle, he and the others fight by methods of catapulting coconuts and elephant poo  from palm trees, and igniting them by lighting gorilla farts. The final bulldozer is guarded by Sally and Kowalski, so coconuts aren\'t thrown at them as they can\'t hit women. The bulldozer is heading towards the treehouse, where Ursula is currently unconscious in a hammock. After George manages to climb on the bulldozer, he tries to reason with Sally but fails. As she punches him leaving him dangling on the side of the bulldozer, Kowalski jumps over to try and help defeat George. This would prove to be a great mistake. As George\'s head comes in to contact with several trees and Sally and Kowalski grin with delight seeing their foe suffer. But George doesn\'t give up easily and continues to distract the women so Rocky can get in the bulldozer, and get rid of the driver. After Kowalski literally kicks George off, they think they have won. As they turrn in to the bulldozer they see Rocky, he then kicks the two women in the jaw which sends them flying across the jungle, screaming for their lives. After they come crashing down in an open bit of land, Rocky jumps along as the women get up to face him. Rocky has to think promptly as to how to stop the two women. With the women confused he jumps on their shoulders five times each. Smacking them into the hard ground they groan and squeal before Rocky leaves the poor women buried up to their breasts, in mud unable to escape. None of Lyle\'s accomplices are heard or seen again. Pressumably dead or knocked out. Afterwards, Junior swings into the bulldozer and shuts it down before it hits the treehouse. Lyle and Beatrice arrive and tell George that they won\'t destroy the jungle and will give back the deed if he hands over Ursula and Junior, but George, after convincing from Ape, picks Lyle up and hangs him from a tree branch by his underwear. George kisses Ursula, thus breaking the hypnotic spell. Lyle, angered by his defeat, insults the narrator, who responds by pulling his giant hand from the sky, grabbing Lyle and carrying him off to the sky. After Ursula\'s friends are snapped out of their hypnosis, George and Ursula get married again. George tells them from 9 til 5, he belongs to the animals, and from 5 til 9, he belongs to Junior, but at all times, he belongs to Ursula. The film ends with George vine surfing and Junior swinging back to the treehouse for lunch, before George crashes into the side of the treehouse when swinging.'] ["After failing the rescue attempt of a raccoon in the Himalayas (a parody of [[Cliffhanger , Ace Ventura undergoes an emotional breakdown and joins a Tibetan monastery. There, he is approached by Fulton Greenwall, a British correspondent working for a provincial consulate in the fictional African country of Nibia. Because Ace's influence is disruptive to the monastery, the Grand Abbot gives Ace excuses by which to justify his departure, and sends him with Greenwall. Thereafter, Greenwall asks Ventura to find the white bat 'Shikaka', a sacred animal of the Wachati tribe, which disappeared shortly after being offered as dowry of the Wachati Princess, who is set to wed the Wachootoo Prince to form armistice between the two people. Accompanied by his capuchin monkey, Spike, Ace travels to Africa to search for the missing bat. After arriving in Nibia and meeting with consul Vincent Cadby, Ace begins investigating his case as well as the possible suspects; but must overcome his fear of bats in order to continue doing so. He travels to the Wachati tribal village, where he learns that if the bat is not returned in time, the Wachootoo will declare war on the Wachati tribe. Thereafter much of Ace's activity involves eliminating obvious suspects--animal traders, poachers, and a Safari park owner among others--and enduring the growing escalations of threat between the Wachati and the Wachootoo. This proves difficult, and is made more so by other incidents including attempts to kill him, a series of gruelling tasks set by the Wachootoo, and the Wachati princess's attempts to seduce him. Perplexed by the mystery, Ace consults the Grand Abbot via astral projection. Advised by the Abbot, Ace deduces that Vincent Cadby has taken the bat and hired Ace to divert suspicion from himself, having planned to let the tribes destroy each other so that he can then take possession of the numerous bat caves containing guano to sell as fertilizer. When Ace confronts Cadby with this knowledge, in which Ace learns he was hired as Cadby's alibi, he is arrested by tribal security chief Hitu; but calls an elephant to escape, and then summons herds of jungle animals to destroy Cadby's house. Cadby then tries to shoot Ace, but is thwarted by Greenwall who punches him in the face. Cadby escapes with the bat in a car, but Ace follows him in a Monster truck. In pursuit, Ace destroys Cadby's car, leaving the bat cage lodged in a tree while Cadby escapes, only to be captured by a male gorilla during its mating season. Ace, despite his chiroptophobia, dramatically returns the bat to the tribes; and Cadby, watching nearby, is discovered by the Wachati Prince Ouda and pursued by both tribes, later to be raped by an amorous silverback gorilla. The Princess is married to the Prince, who is the champion wrestler Ace had to fight as one of the Wachootoo tribal challenges. Moments later, it is discovered that the young bride is no longer a virgin, apparently on Ace's account. Both tribes then pursue Ace, concluding the movie."] ['Piedmont Mumblethunder  is embarrassed at the effeminacy of his kilt-wearing Scottish nephew Philip .'] ['Johnny Depp and Rob Morrow star as Jack and Ben, respectively, teen buddies who are on the sexual prowl for beautiful, wealthy girls at a posh Miami resort where they are weekend guests. Also on the prowl is The Maestro, Hector Elizondo, a skilled jewel thief who is pursuing the diamond necklace of society woman Amanda Rawlings . When they accidentally run afoul of the Maestro, Ben and Jack suddenly have their hands full. Private Resort was the third in a series of comic teen sex romps from producer R. Ben Efraim, each of which had the word Private in the title.'] ["Comedic style1995 revival The relative success of the film prompted the development of a short-lived 1995 weekly series on FOX, also titled Get Smart, with Don Adams and Barbara Feldon reprising their characters as their bumbling son, Zach , becomes CONTROL's star agent.  The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach's sexy partner, Agent 66, and Heather Morgan as Max's secretary, Trudy, who is convinced she works for a talent agent."] ['Jay Trotter drives a cab. His friend Looney, also a cab driver, has a secret microphone in his taxi to record his passengers\' conversations. Looney has a tape of two men talking about a horse race and how one of the horses, due to some unethical practice by its owner, is a sure thing to win big. Jay goes to the track to place a bet -- despite the fact that the day before, he told his wife Pam that he would quit betting and be home to "start their marriage over" at noon. In the restroom of the bar next door, he prays to God, "Just one day, that\'s all I\'m asking for, one day, I\'m due." A man exiting the bathrooms says "Ya? So\'s Jesus. Let it ride." Jay promptly places a $50 bet. The horse wins in a photo finish and pays $28.40 to win . Armed with a new found sense of confidence, Jay approaches the two men from Looney\'s cab and generously gives them the tape of their conversation. Out of gratitude, they give him a tip for the next race. He places a bet and wins again. Sensing that this could be his "lucky day," Jay goes on picking winner after winner, letting it ride . As he accumulates more money and uses his new friends\' membership in the track\'s exclusive dining room, he starts coming into contact with other gamblers, including the wealthy Mrs. Davis and a sexy vixen named Vicki. He becomes a hero to the ticket seller  whose window he uses every time, and to the customers of the track\'s bar. However, he has totally neglected his wife Pam. Pam flies into a rage when she confronts her husband at the track. He cannot stop. He takes a survey of the track patrons and, eliminating any selection they give him, bets on the remaining horse, which wins. Jay decides to call it a day and goes home to Pam, who is intoxicated and passed out. He heads back to the track to help the patrons of Marty\'s bar across the street, but when he suggests sharing his luck by betting their money, they balk at the idea. Disconcerted, he goes for a walk around the track. Vicki offers to "go to bed with him." Jay "breaks the fourth wall" by saying to the audience, "Am I having a good day or what?" Ultimately, he turns Vicki down by professing his love for his wife. Jay makes a final bet of $68,000  after Looney advises him not to bet on Hot to Trot. As the race begins, Looney and Trotter argue over everything, the main characters all make resolutions. In Vicki\'s case, she vows to give up rich guys and consider a poor one, looking at Looney. The race comes down to a photo finish. While everyone awaits the result, Pam shows up to thank Jay for his lovely gift and to tell him not worry about the money, when the announcer reports the winner: Hot to Trot. The entire racetrack erupts in celebration, which cause Pam to ask, "why is everyone cheering?" Jay replies, "because I\'m having a very good day."'] ["Austin Millbarge is a geekish, basement-dwelling codebreaker for The Pentagon who aspires to escape his under-respected job to become a secret agent. Emmett Fitz-Hume, a wisecracking, pencil-pushing son of an envoy, takes the foreign service exam under peer pressure. Millbarge and Fitz-Hume meet during the test, on which Fitz-Hume openly attempts to cheat after an attempt to seduce his immediate supervisor in exchange for the answers backfires. Millbarge, however, was forced to take the test, having had only one day to prepare after his supervisor gives him a notice that was three weeks old. Needing expendable agents to act as decoys to draw attention away from a more capable team, the Defense Intelligence Agency  decides to enlist the two, promote them to be Foreign Service Operatives, put them through minimal training, and then send them on an undefined mission into Soviet Central Asia. Meanwhile, professional agents are well on their way to reaching the real objective: the seizure of a mobile SS-50 ICBM launcher. The main team takes a loss, while Millbarge and Fitz-Hume miraculously escape enemy traps, attacks, and other certain perils. Eventually the bumbling pair encounter Karen Boyer, the only surviving operative from the main team. In the Pamir Mountains of the Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic, the trio overpowers a mobile missile guard unit using hastily constructed extraterrestrial outfits and tranquilizer guns. Following orders in real-time from the intelligence agency , they begin to operate the launcher. At the end of their instructions, the vehicle launches the ICBM into space, targeting an unspecified area in the United States. Thinking they have begun a nuclear war, the American agents and their Soviet counterparts pair up to have sex before the world ends. Meanwhile, the military commander at the operations bunker ([[Steve Forrest . The purpose of sending the agents to launch a Soviet ICBM is thereby exposed as a means to test this anti-ballistic missile system. Unfortunately, the laser fails to intercept the nuclear missile, which is heading for the U.S. and will almost certainly trigger a global thermonuclear war. Back in the Soviet Union, guilt-ridden and horrified at the thought of having launched a nuclear missile at their own country, the American spies  use Millbarge's technical knowledge to force a malfunction in the launcher vehicle and transmit junk instructions to the traveling missile, sending it off into space where it detonates harmlessly. Immediately after, the underground bunker back at the drive-in theater is stormed by U.S. Army Rangers, and the intelligence and military officials involved in the covert operation are arrested. For their part, Millbarge, Fitz-Hume, and Boyer go on to become nuclear disarmament negotiators, playing a nuclear version of Risk-meets-Trivial Pursuit against their Soviet friends."] ['{{plot}} Jason Shepherd  is a diagnosed 14-year old pathological liar and con artist living in the fictional town of Greenbury, Michigan. When his English teacher, Ms. Phyllis Caldwell , assigns Jason and the rest of his class a creative writing assignment, Jason does not complete it. His parents, Harry and Carol  are later called into school, where Ms. Caldwell tells Jason that if Jason can\'t bring her a handwritten story to the community college by 6 p.m., Ms. Caldwell will not consider it a valid contribution. Jason writes a story entitled Big Fat Liar, about how he lies all the time. Now finished, Jason rides his older sister\'s old bicycle and accidentally collides with the limousine of an arrogant Hollywood producer Marty Wolf ; Jason then blackmails Wolf into giving him a ride to school. During his ride, Wolf reveals to Jason that he is also a liar and con man, but a more professional one than Jason. When the limousine reaches the college, Jason hastens out of the limo, not realizing that he has left his story behind. Wolf initially attempts to give it back to Jason, but when he sees that it is excellent, he decides to keep it for himself. Upon entering school, Jason realizes that he does not have the story. Neither his parents nor Ms. Caldwell believes him when Jason claims to have written it, and he is therefore ordered to undergo summer school. Later, Jason and his best friend, Kaylee  finds out that Wolf has plagiarized his composition by making the fictional film Big Fat Liar. Jason and Kaylee use their savings to fly to Los Angeles to confront Wolf, leaving local bully Bret Callaway  to attend to Kaylee\'s absent-minded grandmother Pearl  after Jason bribed him by promising to do his summer school homework for him. Upon their arrival in Los Angeles, Jason and Kaylee trick limo driver Frank Jackson  into giving them a ride to Wolf\'s studio, where Jason tricks receptionist Astrid Barker  into leaving her post to allow him to speak with Wolf about his situation. Wolf agrees to return the story, but intentionally burns it and has Jason and Kaylee removed from his office. Angered, Jason and Kaylee plans to inconvenience Wolf until he admits to having stolen Big Fat Liar. Frank discovers their true identities and plans, but eventually joins Jason and Kaylee after explaining that he was an actor formerly mistreated by Wolf. Frank takes Jason and Kaylee to Wolf\'s house, where Jason and Kaylee add blue and orange dye to Wolf\'s swimming pool and shampoo, giving him blue skin and orange hair. Kaylee, impersonating the Universal Studios president\'s secretary, sends Wolf to a child\'s birthday party to get vengeance for veteran stunt coordinator Vince , an elderly employee of his whom he criticized and who had wanted to take his granddaughter to the same party. There, Wolf is mistaken for a clown and a group of children ends up attacking him. Meanwhile, Jason and Kaylee modify the controls to Wolf\'s blue Jaguar XKR convertible, causing various controls to perform the incorrect function and playing the song "Blue" by Eiffel 65, resembling Wolf\'s blue skin. Struggling to control his convertible, Wolf stops just behind a monster truck, but is later rear ended by a vengeful old lady, whom he had insulted earlier, which causes him to crash into it, therefore causing its driver, the Masher , to destroy Wolf\'s convertible in anger. As a result of these pranks, Wolf misses his appointment with his boss and president of Universal Studios, Marcus Duncan . Wolf and Duncan meet each other at a party to celebrate the premiere of another fictional film Whittaker and Fowl. Duncan distrusts Wolf to create anything better, and tells Wolf that production for Big Fat Liar will be withdrawn unless Wolf can convince him otherwise. Jason agrees to help Wolf in exchange for a confession of the truth to his father. Guided by Jason, Wolf makes a successful presentation which convinces Chris Ott to green-light Big Fat Liar and warning him should any little mishap occur, funding for the film will be withdrawn and his career will be over. However, Wolf betrays Jason again and calls his security guards to remove Jason and Kaylee from his office for the second time, but this time, both their schemes and hiding place location have been uncovered and revealed as well. Rocko, the head of security, informs Jason and Kaylee that they will be forced out from Hollywood and sent back to their hometown in disgrace, while the incidents they caused will be covered up. Jason is about to throw in the towel and prepare to be forever humiliated and disbelieved in his hometown, when Wolf\'s beleaguered secretary, Monty Kirkham , appears after dismissing Rocko, who was keeping an eye on Jason and Kaylee; Monty states that, because many of Wolf\'s co-workers and employees have been abused by him, they are more than willing to help Jason and Kaylee to take revenge against Wolf. Together, Jason, Kaylee, and the studio crew members devise their plan by which to do so. By now, Wolf has either removed or concealed the color of his skin and hair. En route to the studio, Wolf falls into several traps organized by his co-workers including skydiving out of a helicopter piloted by Vince and getting soaked from the Universal Studios Hollywood flash flood back-lot prop. Upon arriving at the studio, bedraggled and desperate, Wolf finds out that Jason has abducted his beloved toy chimpanzee, Mr. Funny-Bones. Wolf pursues Jason until they reach a climactic rooftop confrontation, where, thinking they are alone, Wolf admits to having stolen Jason\'s story, and swears that Wolf will never tell the truth because it is \'overrated\'. Immediately, it is revealed that Wolf has been filmed throughout the confession with multiple cameras. As a result, Wolf is exposed and shamed before all those whom he has abused, including Duncan, who is outraged at him for his act of plagiarism, and from a kid, no less. Without hesistation, Duncan fires Wolf for his behaviourial actions, and Jason thanks Wolf for having taught him that \'the truth is not overrated\'. Enraged, Wolf chases Jason, but Jason runs off the side of the building and eventually lands on an inflated crash pad. Afterwards, Jason and his parents finally re-establish their trust. In the epilogue, Big Fat Liar is later reproduced and shown in movie theatres across the United States, utilizing the talents and skills of all those whom Wolf had abused. During the film\'s closing credits, Jason is credited for having written his original story, and Ms. Caldwell is impressed and very proud of him. Meanwhile, Wolf declares bankruptcy and begins his new job as a clown, where he is assigned to entertain the son of the Masher, whom he had insulted earlier. Recognizing Wolf, the Masher orders his son: "Yo, Little Mash, show him your nutcracker!", a newly-learned prizefighting technique as a means of avenging the earlier offense. The Masher\'s son delivers a flying kick to Wolf\'s groin, and his eyes dilate and rotate. Note: The Eiffel 65 song Blue was featured in the car scene.'] ['Captain Harris finally finds the goods he needs to push Commandant Eric Lassard out at the Police Academy: he is one year late for mandatory retirement. But before he retires, Lassard is chosen as "Police Officer of the Decade", and brings his favorite graduates—Sgts. Hightower, Jones, Tackleberry and Hooks, Lt. Callahan, and new graduate Officer Thomas "House" Conklin—to the National Police Chiefs Convention in Miami Beach to celebrate with him. While there, they meet his nephew, Sgt. Nick Lassard of the Miami Police Department. The fun is complicated when he unwittingly takes a bag belonging to jewel thieves containing stolen merchandise. As the jewel thieves try to get the bag back, and Captain Harris tries to prove to Commissioner Hurst that he\'s the right man to replace Commandant Lassard, the usual hijinks ensue, including Lassard trying to guess the annual procedural demonstration. When the jewel thieves kidnap Commandant Lassard, he goes willingly, thinking it is indeed the procedural demonstration. It launches a negotiation, which Captain Harris botches, getting himself captured as well. A chase across the Everglades ensues to rescue the oblivious Commandant. At a ceremony at the end of the film, Commissioner Hurst announces that Commadant Lassard will be allowed to continue his duties as Commadant until he sees fit to retire himself, much to Harris\' chagrin.'] ['{{plot}} Gus, Clark and Richie  are three middle-aged \'nerds\'; Clark and Richie were the unpopular children who were constantly bullied by \'jocks\' and were always left on the bench at their baseball games, because of their less-than-stellar athletic abilities. When a nerdy boy named Nelson and his friends are kicked off a nearby baseball diamond by a team of bullies, Gus and Clark chase the bullies away. When Gus and Clark return with Richie to play again and get back their feel for the game, the bullies return and demand that they leave. Gus challenges the bullies to play them for the field, and the three friends, despite Clark and Richie\'s poor abilities, win the game. Days later, one of Clark and Richie\'s bullies, Brad , challenges them to another baseball game with his team, but the three friends win again. Later, Nelson\'s billionaire father, Molly Elwood , tells the trio that he\'s impressed with their wins, and explains his plan to hold a round-robin with all the little league teams in the state, plus their team. The winners will be given access to a new multi-million dollar baseball park that he\'s building. Wanting to capture the spirit and fun they never had when they were kids, the three decide to form the Benchwarmers and join the tournament. They prepare to compete with all the other teams, despite the fact that they\'re three adults squaring off against nine kids per team. After winning the first game, Mel\'s friend, the former New York Yankees superstar Reggie Jackson, helps the Benchwarmers  to train using unorthodox methods . In the second game, just as the Benchwarmers are about to lose, Richie uses one of Reggie\'s unorthodox methods to hit a home run, winning the game. The Benchwarmers then go from county to county , winning the next two games to reach to the semi-finals. In the semi-finals, the rival team hires a drunken 50-year-old Dominican man named Carlos as the team\'s new pitcher by bribing the umpire. Carlos is more than a match for the Benchwarmers, but they manage to come back by making Carlos too drunk to play well. In the last inning, the umpire has Richie\'s agoraphobic younger brother, Howie , be on deck. Howie ends up being hit in the arm by Carlos, but forces in the winning run for the Benchwarmers, sending them to the finals. Just when it is looking like the stadium is all theirs, a bully named Steven  reports to the public that Gus was a brutal bully himself as a child, not a victim of bullies like Clark and Richie. He had bullied one child so intensely that the boy, named Marcus, had to be sent to a mental institution. Gus is kicked off the team as a result, but at his wife, Liz\'s , suggestion, Gus apologizes to Marcus . Marcus arrives at the final game to reveal to the crowd that Gus had apologized and felt awful about what he did when he was kid, and Gus re-joins the team, announcing that Marcus is the Benchwarmers\' new third-base coach. In the final game, Gus, Clark and Richie do not play; rather, they let a team of Nelson and other children play, to give them a chance to compete. The final is played against a team with a heartless coach, Jerry  , who practically torments his players - and was Richie and Clark\'s main bully when they were children. In the bottom of the 6th inning, the Benchwarmers are losing, 42–0, when Jerry\'s team, after realizing that the true meaning of baseball is to have fun, throws Nelson a "meatball" pitch down the middle. Nelson hits the ball, and Jerry\'s team lets him score a run, saying that Jerry is "the loser". The Benchwarmers storm the field, celebrating the fact that they were not shut out, and they give an enraged Jerry a taste of his own medicine, hanging him from the dugout fence by his underwear.'] ["Lester March  is a 25-year old orphan who is an electronics repairman. However, his real passion is detective novels, and he dreams of someday becoming one. His best friend, Pete Flint ([[Jesse White  is a detective, and they see a program about a weathly, single woman, Cecilia Albright (Mae Questel} who is looking for her long-lost nephew. The mention of a $100,000 reward gets their attention. Flint allows March to join him as they sneak into the Albright mansion in hopes of solving the mystery and collecting the reward. During their attempt to sneak in, Albright's lawyer  sees them and recognizes March as being the long-lost nephew, Charles Albright, Jr. The lawyer was responsible for Charles Albright, Sr.'s death, and his plan is to marry Cecilia and kill her to inherit the entire fortune. With the help of the butler , they plan to kill March so he does not interfere with that plan. The family nurse, Wanda Paxton  discovers March's identity and falls in love with him. The lawyer's plans are foiled, March's identity is revealed, and Paxton and March are married."] ["The Stooges are happily cleaning house, as they dream about getting married in a few hours. The usual antics occur as the boys make a near shambles of their home. For starters, Shemp decides to use the wooden handle of a loaded pistol as a hammer, which of course goes off, and parts Moe's sugarbowl haircut right down the middle. Then the trio try to reupholster a davenport, but end up clobbering Moe on several counts. First, they cut the upholstering with a scissor and end up trimming Moe's sportcoat. Then, to speed things up, they pour the upholstering tacks into a machine gun and aim at the davenport. The rapid fire release works well at first, but Larry and Shemp argue over who gets the next round, leading the rifle firing right at Moe's gluteus maximus. After Larry and Shemp quickly remove the tacks, Moe manages to swallow one. After all is said and done, the house is neat and clean. The Stooges then head their separate ways to marry their sweetheart — unaware they are all engaged to the same girl, Mabel . In rapid succession, Larry, Moe, and then Shemp appear at Mabel's home with engagement rings of varying sizes. When the boys discover their error, a nutty fight ensues. The three eventually, knock each other cold, and Mabel quickly scurries by them with three engagement rings."] ["Princess Yasmin of Lugash  is abducted in French territorial waters to force her father to abdicate and allow her disgraced stepmother's lover, a military general with terrorist ties to an unfriendly neighboring kingdom to claim the throne. Police Commissioner Dreyfus  is tasked with solving the case of the kidnapped princess. While investigating her disappearance in the South of France, he has a run-in with the kidnappers, and a local gendarme, Jacques Gambrelli . Gambrelli opens the trunk of the kidnapper's van and unknowingly spies the Princess who he believes is the driver's sister en route to the hospital. During the investigation, Dreyfus learns that Gambrelli is in fact the illegitimate son of the late Inspector Jacques Clouseau, which leads to the injured  Dreyfus sending the clutzy cop off to rescue the princess and prove himself his father's true heir."] ['Oliver "Puddin\' Head" Johnson  and Rocky Stonebridge  are on their way to Death\'s Head Tavern, where they work. They encounter Lady Jane , who asks them to bring a love note to the tavern singer, Bruce Martingale . At the tavern, the notorious Captain Kidd  is dining with Captain Bonney , a female pirate. She accuses Kidd of raiding ships in her territory and is asking for restitution. Kidd informs Bonney that he has hidden the amassed treasure on Skull Island, and that only he has the map to its exact location. He agrees to take her, with her ship in tow, to the island so that she can receive her share. During the discussion, Oliver happens to be waiting on them, and inadvertently switches the map for the love note that he was carrying. Rocky discovers the mistake and goes to Captain Kidd, demanding a share of the treasure and a place on the voyage in exchange for the map. Kidd ostensibly agrees, but intends to kill Oliver and Rocky once he gets the map. The voyage begins , and Kidd unsuccessfully attempts to regain the map throughout the entire voyage. . During the voyage, Kidd raids another ship, which happens to have Lady Jane on board, and she is kidnapped. The two ships finally arrive at Skull Island; Oliver and Rocky begin to dig up the treasure, when Kidd arrogantly declares his plans to dispose of them along with Captain Bonney. They alert Bonney to Kidd\'s true intentions, and her crew attacks. The treasure is recovered, and Bonney\'s crew wins the fight, with Kidd becoming her prisoner.'] ['Louie is singing the song "Louie the Lout" about his days in the old west to the boys in the Sweet Shop. All of a sudden a man arrives on horseback and Louie hides from him in the back of the store. The man identifies himself as a sheriff of Hangman\'s Hollow, a town out west where Louie is wanted for a murder that took place 20 years before. The boys tell the sheriff they never heard of Louie and he leaves. Louie comes out of hiding and tells them the story of when he was a younger man and lived in Hangman\'s Hollow he and his partner, Pete Briggs, discovered gold. He then tells them that Pete was murdered by Blackjack McCoy and he was framed for the murder and fled to the city. He then shows them a map of where the gold is hidden...tattooed on his back. The boys decide to go out west to clear Louie\'s name and help him give Pete\'s share to his daughter. They make a copy of the map on Sach\'s back and head west. They are ambushed by some Indians and Sach unwittingly shows the map to one of them. Indian Joe then heads back to town and alerts Blackjack that the boys are in town to clear Louie\'s name and claim the gold. Meanwhile Gabe, who Slip sent ahead, has gotten into Blackjack\'s good graces with his card tricks and assists Slip and the boys. Eventually the boys capture Blackjack and have him confess the murder to the sheriff, and just as everyone is about to collect the gold and live happily ever after, Slip hits Sach on the head waking him up. We learn that it was all Sach\'s dream.'] ['The film opens as Chief Inspector Charles Dreyfus  narrates a flashback of a soccer match semi-final between France and China. French coach Yves Gluant  comes down the stadium, wearing the Pink Panther diamond ring, and kisses his girlfriend, pop star Xania , after whispering something to her. After France wins the game, Yves dies with a poison dart in his neck and the Pink Panther missing from his hand. Eager to win the Medal of Honor , Dreyfus promotes a clumsy policeman and "village idiot", Jacques Clouseau , to the rank of Inspector and assigns him to the Pink Panther case. Meanwhile, Dreyfus assembles a secret team of top investigators to crack the case, allowing Clouseau to serve as the public face of the investigation so that media attention is focused on Clouseau rather than Dreyfus\'s team. Dreyfus assigns Gilbert Ponton  as Clouseau\'s assistant and instructs Ponton to keep him informed of Clouseau\'s actions. However, Dreyfus did not count on Ponton becoming good friends with Clouseau, and becoming remorseful of his orders. Bizu , the prime suspect, being a star footballer who hated Gluant, is shot in the head and killed. While at a casino to interrogate its owner, Raymond Larocque , Gluant\'s business partner, Clouseau encounters British Secret Agent 006, Nigel Boswell ; he was using the same cover setence Clouseau uses when looking for wires, so the Inspector discovered his identity quickly. Boswell foils a robbery at the casino by the notorious "Gas-Masked Bandits", using Clouseau\'s trenchcoat to hide his identity. Clouseau mistakenly receives credit for the deed in the press and is nominated for the Medal of Honour, much to Dreyfus\' dismay. Clouseau follows Xania to New York City, suspecting that she knows more than she is telling. However, despite Ponton\'s insistence that she is most likely a suspect because Gluant cheated on her, Clouseau decides Xania is innocent. Meanwhile, based on the fact that the poison that killed Gluant was derived from Chinese herbs, Dreyfus concludes that the killer is a Chinese envoy named Dr. Pang. Now ready to take charge of the case and win the Medal of Honour, Dreyfus has one of his officers switch Clouseau\'s bag with one full of weapons at the airport for his return flight to France. The bag sets off the metal detector at the security gate and Clouseau is arrested, thanks to his inability to pronounce the word "hamburger" correctly , the guard believing he said "Damburgert". Upon his return to France, the press vilifies him and Dreyfus strips him of his rank for "trying to become a hero". The Chief Inspector now plots to publicly arrest Dr. Pang at the Presidential Ball, where Xania will also be performing. At home, Clouseau is reading an online article about his arrest when he notices something significant in the photo. He deduces that the murderer will next try to kill Xania, and contacts Ponton. The two detectives rush to the Élysée Palace and sneak into the Presidential Ball with the help of Dreyfus\'s secretary, Nicole Durant . While Dreyfus arrests Dr. Pang for double murder, Clouseau and Ponton save Xania\'s life by capturing her would-be assassin, Yuri , the French soccer team\'s trainer, who believes he was the one who helped the team succeed, though Gluant took all the credit. Clouseau first explains that  every national soccer team\'s trainer is required by statute to have a knowledge of Chinese herbs, then notes that Bizu blackmailed Yuri from overhearing his rants against Gluant prior, resulting in Bizu being shot in the occipital lobe of the brain as Russian military are specifically trained to do; this leads Clouseau to believe Yuri to be the killer . Clouseau reveals that Yuri tried to kill Xania out of revenge for her dismissal of him as nothing, while dating Gluant. Clouseau also reveals that the Pink Panther diamond was never stolen, but is sewn into the lining of Xania\'s purse; Xania received it from Gluant as an engagement ring. She had kept it secret to avoid becoming a suspect in her late fiance\'s murder, which could have destroyed her singing career. Clouseau explains that he saw the diamond in the online photograph of his arrest, which showed Xania\'s purse on the airport\'s luggage scanner, but concludes that Xania is the rightful owner of the ring, as Gluant gave it to her before his death. For successfully solving the case, Clouseau wins the Medal of Honour. While leaving with Ponton, following the ceremony, Clouseau accidentally gets Dreyfus\'s jacket caught on his car; he remains oblivious to Dreyfus yelling in pain for him to stop the car. Dreyfus ends up in the hospital, severely injured and in several casts. Clouseau, Ponton and Nicole visit him. Dreyfus tries conveying his hatred of Clouseau to the inspector, but cannot speak clearly due to his injuries. After Clouseau wishes him well, the brake on Dreyfus\'s bed is accidentally released by the inspector. The bed races through the hospital and throws Dreyfus into the Seine. All three look at the open window Dreyfus fell from. Clouseau simply says "That breeze feels good."'] ['Zachary "Zach" Hutton is a successful author who has a weakness for alcohol and beautiful women. Zach\'s mistress walks in on him in the process of cheating on her, followed by his estranged wife Alex discovering him in bed with both women. Following the breakup of those relationships, Zach engages in a long period of binge-drinking and solace-seeking with a string of women. He avoids work, continues to strain relations with his ex-wife and drunkenly attends a formal party dressed in a genie\'s costume. Zach\'s affairs include one with a volatile woman named Molly who deliberately leaves him hooked up too long to a skin-treatment electro-therapy machine that gives his body quivering spasms from head to toe. He also has a one-night stand with a remarkably muscular female bodybuilder named Lonnie, telling her before sex that he feels "like Mrs. Arnold Schwarzenegger." Perhaps the most memorable scene is shot in total darkness, with Zach wearing a luminous condom as he prepares to have sex with yet another woman he has just met, Amy. When her boyfriend returns similarly equipped, the two men engage in a frantic fight, their glow-in-the-dark attire bouncing crazily across the room. After disrupting his ex-wife\'s wedding day, it finally dawns on Zach just how out of control his drinking habit has become. He sobers up and begins to write again, and wins back Alex\'s love as the film ends.'] ['{{plot}} Wilby Daniels  is now a successful attorney who is married to Betty , and they have a son named Brian . Returning to the town of Medfield from a vacation, the family discovers that they have been robbed of almost all their possessions and Wilby blames the local district attorney John Slade , who is reputed to have connections with organized crime, particularly with warehouse owner Edward "Fast Eddie" Roshak . After being robbed a second time later that night , Wilby vows to run for district attorney to make his town safe again. Meanwhile, the two thugs who had robbed the Daniels\', Freddie  and Dip , observe the Borgia ring at the local museum and assume it might fetch a large sum so they steal it. The ugly ring with a scarab on it can only be pawned off to local bumbling ice cream salesman Tim, who is the owner of a large Old English Sheepdog named Elwood. Tim figures he will give the ring to his girlfriend Katrinka, a local roller derby star and pastry assistant. While dressing himself in preparation for a live television broadcast to announce his candidacy, Wilby hears a report of the Borgia ring being stolen. He freezes in terror, then reveals his former shape-shifting secret to his wife who is certain his story cannot be true; he warns her that if the inscription on the ring  is spoken aloud he will turn into a shaggy dog. Soon afterwards, Wilby is moments before his live television debut as Tim discovers the inscription on the ring and reads it aloud, causing Elwood to disappear &ndash; only to reappear moments later as he takes over Wilby’s body. Moments before the cameras roll, Brian notices that shaggy hair is growing all over his father who reacts in horror as he realizes he is turning into a dog. He rushes from the house and cameras in his dog form and briefly confounds Tim who can’t understand why his dog Elwood suddenly can speak. The spell wears off and Wilby is now in his human form again and determined to find the ring as he faces the prospect of being a candidate in the public eye who never knows when he might turn into a dog. Soon, Wilby’s fears come true as Katrinka receives the ring and once again the inscription is read, just as Wilby is giving a public address at a ladies garden club . Betty warns him of his shaggy condition a split-second before his canine form would become apparent to all gathered and creates a near riot while trying to escape. Once again, Tim finds Wilby in Elwood’s form and in convinced that his talking dog could make millions; when Tim wanders off momentarily Wilby returns to his human form, leaving a silent Elwood to confound Tim further. Meanwhile, an agent  of Wilby’s rival John Slade gets suspicious as to why Wilby keeps disappearing. Desperate to find the ring, the hunt leads to Katrinka who seems to have lost it in a vat of cherry pie filling intended for a John Slade fundraiser. Offering a reward to whoever finds the ring Katrinka and her colleagues go into a mad dash to find it, eventually escalating into a large-scale pie fight. In the pandemonium, the ring once again finds itself in the hands of the local thugs who this time attempt to pass it off to an undercover police detective. Once again in the hands of the museum, the inscription is read aloud as a point of reference; in the middle of the police station, Wilby  finds himself turning into Elwood once again. This time, Slade’s agent puts two and two together when he overhears the museum’s curator explaining the ring’s reputed power, and how his predecessor  told him a story of a young man turned into a sheepdog years ago. Slade is informed of this weakness in his rival, is dubious at first and then invites Wilby to his office to test out the theory. Slade invites Wilby to his office and advises him to withdraw his campaign. Wilby refuses and tells Slade that when he is elected, he will have him investigated regarding his criminal connections. Slade then reveals he has his ring. With a reading of the inscription, Slade is thrilled to see Wilby Daniels turn into a shaggy dog right before his eyes and makes a call to the local pound. Wilby escapes hearing Slade repeat the inscription several times, which guarantees that the spell will not wear off and he will be trapped in a dog’s form for some time to come. Wilby eventually disguises himself as a female roller-derby competitor to elude Slade, who as district attorney has the entire police force and animal control at his disposal. Eventually, Wilby is caught and taken to the local dog pound where he is able to understand the other dogs, who band together to help him escape. With the help of Tim  and Brian, Wilby gets evidence that John Slade is connected to organized crime. Wilby and Tim trick Slade into showing up at Roshak\'s warehouse and Wilby uses a tape recorder to collect information that confirms Slade\'s wrongdoings. With the help of his dog friends from the pound, he also manages to retrieve the ring from John Slade, who unfortunately has read the inscription so many times aloud that the curse has now passed onto him as he transforms into a bulldog. A happy ending for all as Wilby gets elected district attorney, Slade is supposedly jailed  and Tim gets engaged to Katrinka; together they adopt Wilby’s dog friends from the pound.'] ['When the famous Pink Panther diamond is stolen once again from Lugash, Chief Inspector Clouseau  is called on the case despite protests by Chief Inspector Dreyfus . While on the case, Clouseau is followed by the mob who are seeking to assassinate him. Clouseau first goes to London to interrogate Sir Charles Lytton . Traveling to the airport, he accidentally blows up his car, but mistakenly believes it to be an assassination attempt. Clouseau disguises himself in a heavy cast while on the flight, which causes complications in the air and on land and leads to an awkward introduction to the Scotland Yard detectives who meet him at Heathrow. Meanwhile, Dreyfus learns from Scotland Yard that Libyan terrorists may have marked Clouseau for assassination once he announces his intent to visit the scene of the crime in Lugash. Rather than order him back to Paris, Dreyfus orders him to continue on to Lugash as planned. Clouseau\'s plane crashes en route to Lugash. All aboard are believed lost at sea. Marie Jouvet , a television reporter covering the story, sets out to interview those who knew the detective best. This provides ample opportunities for flashbacks to scenes from earlier films. Jouvet also interviews Clouseau\'s father , at his winery, providing glimpses of Clouseau\'s childhood where he is played by Lucca Mezzofanti, and his early career in the French Resistance in which he is played by Daniel Peacock. Jouvet also has an unpleasant encounter with Mafia don, Bruno Langlois , an antagonist who also appears in the next film. Loggia would also be familiar to Pink Panther fans as Mafioso assistant Al Marchione in Revenge of the Pink Panther. Langlois warns Maria to stop asking questions about Clouseau as business is booming in the French underworld with the detective missing. Jouvet refuses and tries to file a complaint against Langlois with Chief Inspector Dreyfus. Dreyfus, who wants Clouseau dead just as much as Langlois does, refuses to press charges citing circumstantial evidence, much to Jouvet\'s frustration. The film ends with Maria hoping that Clouseau might be alive. Clouseau  is seen standing looking over a seaside cliff, when a seagull flies over and messes the sleeve of his coat. The words "Swine seagull!" are heard in the distinctive \'over French\' accent of Clouseau. The animated Pink Panther in trench coat and fedora is revealed in place of Clouseau watching the sunset. The Panther turns around and flashes the audience, but his opened trenchcoat reveals a montage of funny clips of Peter Sellers from his five Pink Panther films while the end credits roll.'] ['Midvale College is told that a wealthy man, Mr. Astorbilt , will give a large donation, but he has a strange request&nbsp;&mdash; he challenges the school to build a man-powered flying machine. If they succeed by a certain date, they get the donation, otherwise it will go to a rival school. Merlin Jones  designs a lightweight airplane, powered by a propeller driven by bicycle pedals. Recognizing that even his football-jock friends won\'t be strong enough for such a feat, he develops a strength elixir , which should give the power that a man would need to get off the ground. To get the jocks\' support, he creates "an honest way to cheat", adapting the recently-discovered sleep-learning method to help them pass a particularly hard history course. Once the jocks are asleep, a timer starts a phonograph album, with the sound of Jennifer reading their lessons to them. This backfires in class, however&nbsp;&mdash; asked to give an oral report, the jocks speak, but Jennifer\'s voice comes out. Eventually it works out in the students\' favor. Jones gets their help, and the great day comes. The pilot drinks the elixir, then pedals off into the sky, winning the contest. Unfortunately, the "wealthy donor" is last seen fleeing from men in white coats, who want to take him back to the local mental hospital.'] ["The Stooges are janitors who have just finished moving furniture and assorted items into the office of a detective. Shemp fantisizes about the exciting life of a private eye, when a beautiful blonde in distress  rushes in begging for help, claiming she is being followed. While the Stooges search the hallways, she quickly scribbles a note and is captured by a mysterious figure.  The Stooges follow her note to a dark house on Mortuary Road where an evil scientist  is building an army of robot men. Fanning out to search, Shemp finds the girl tied up and gagged in a curtained alcove at the end of the main hallway. The scientist and his assistant  then try to dispose of the Stooges, but the Stooges overcome the odds and escape with the girl in a car driven by one of the scientist's robots."] ['{{plot}} Johnny Baxter ([[Dean Jones  is at his corporate middle class job when a probate attorney ([[David White  tells him that his recently deceased uncle, Jacob Barnesworth, has left him sole ownership of the lucrative Grand Imperial Hotel in the fictional town of Silver Hill, Colorado. A letter written by Barnesworth claims that the hotel brings in more than $14,000 per month. Baxter, clearly chafing under the dehumanizing conditions at the office, views this as a golden opportunity. Baxter quits his job in a grand spectacle and moves his family to Colorado to take proprietorship of the hotel. The family finds it to be an immense but ramshackle building with no heat and a colorful old codger, Jesse McCord , living in the shed. Initially, Baxter is inclined to turn McCord out for what appeared to be breaking and entering until he is pressured by his family—mainly his children—to allow McCord to stay. McCord offers his services as a bartender, but Baxter assigns him the job of bellhop, which McCord takes with a characteristically easygoing nature. Some time later, Baxter and his wife are walking on the hills behind the hotel, trying to decide what to do about the hotel. With no real attractions nearby, they are unsure what, if anything, they could do with the property until a chance meeting with Wally, a local boy employed by the gas station, out for a ride on his snowmobile. He apologizes for making tracks in Baxter\'s snow and is about to leave when Baxter stops him to ask what he meant. Wally explains that the Grand Imperial sits on a huge amount of property, "about as far as you can see," as he puts it. Baxter realizes that the hilly terrain is exactly the attraction the hotel needs; they can turn the hill adjacent to the hotel into a ski lodge. Baxter attempts to secure funding for his plans. Local banker Martin Ridgeway  expresses great interest in Baxter\'s daring idea, but also offers to buy the lodge in order to convert it into a boys\' school in honor of the deceased uncle. Baxter declines. Ridgeway, in turn, declines to give Baxter a loan, citing him as a bad collateral risk and specifically pointing out that Baxter has no experience in hotel or restaurant management, likely making his business venture a failure. All during this exchange, Ridgeway\'s secretary appears quite agitated, but does not speak up. Baxter leaves the bank without a loan, but determined to find one. Baxter searches for funding elsewhere and finds a friendly banker in the next town named Mr. Wainwright ([[George Kirkpatrick  who is interested in Baxter\'s venture. Wainwright agrees to meet with Baxter at a ski lodge — Baxter, not willing to make the same mistake as he did with Ridgeway by admitting he knows nothing about hotels or skiing, claims to be an avid skier. Wainwright, taking Baxter at his word, takes him to a black diamond run called "Nightmare Alley." Faking an injury, Baxter convinces Wainwright to start without him. However, after knocking down a ski rack, Baxter is shoved by an irate skier, sending him down the run anyway. After quite a few close calls, not to mention downing more than a few other skiers, Baxter ends up crashing into a tree. The sensational story is picked up by the local press, which gives the chaos and injuries caused by Baxter\'s run a fair amount of coverage. While he is recovering, Martin Ridgeway gives Baxter a check for $3,000, taking feigned pity on him. Baxter starts making a list of repairs for the lodge. Meanwhile, local bumpkin Wally Perkins  works with Jesse to repair the hot water heater. The water heater explodes, tearing a hole in the kitchen wall. Ridgeway\'s check covers the repair, but leaves nothing for the ski lift Baxter had in mind. Jesse comes to the rescue by pulling an old donkey engine out of mothballs, tying a rope around it, and using it as a makeshift ski lift. The restored hotel opens to little fanfare, receiving few customers for several days. When Wally dynamites a tree stump from the ground, the explosion sets off an avalanche, blocking a passing train carrying several hundred skiers. The Baxters quickly shuttle the skiers to their resort. All goes well until Wally commences ski training classes. Having never taught skiing before, Wally loses his balance and skis down a steep mountain, dangling over a ledge while clinging to a pine tree. Using the donkey engine and a rope to lower John Baxter down the mountain to rescue Wally, Jesse accidentally jostles a loose piece of lit firewood onto one of the ropes anchoring the engine in place. Baxter rescues Wally, who suffers a broken arm. The burning rope tears, setting the donkey engine free. It slides down the mountain with Baxter in tow, still roped to the machine after having rescued Wally. The engine plows through the hotel. All of the guests check out, leaving the Baxters out of money once again. John Baxter sheepishly goes back to Ridgeway, asking for an extension on his loan, which Ridgeway flatly refuses. Baxter notices a sign for the Silver Hills Snowmobile Race, with $5,000 prize, a prize that has been won by Ridgeway for the last several runs of the race. Though Baxter has never used a snowmobile, he assumes Wally can drive his slapdash snowmobile. Unfortunately, Wally\'s broken arm from his skiing accident prevents his involvement. Baxter decides to drive the snowmobile himself, with Jesse as his partner. Baxter\'s wife, furious that he would risk his own safety and health and certain that the lodge has become an obsession that has eclipsed his duties to his family, threatens to leave. The day of the race, 75-year-old Jesse has second thoughts about partaking in the race aboard Wally\'s decrepit snowmobile . Baxter reveals that his wife has indeed left with the children, probably for Denver. After a rocky start, Baxter and McCord actually end up passing much of the pack, but a series of unfortunate turns and one unexpected shortcut ends up breaking one of the snowmobile\'s skis. Heading into town both in the lead and under full power due to a broken throttle, Baxter plows into a snowbank, breaking the other ski. Ridgeway makes the same mistake, and the two end up on the final stretch only seconds apart. Though they come close, Baxter and McCord narrowly miss the finish line. Ridgeway wins first place, and Baxter ends up riding the snowmobile for hours as it will not shut off or stop. As he returns to town well after dark, his snowmobile towed by a horse, he finds his wife waiting for him. The next day, Ridgeway brings the deed transfer papers to the lodge for Baxter to sign. An impassioned plea by Baxter for an extension is again denied, and when Baxter presses the issue, Ridgeway threatens to begin the foreclosure process, but offers to buy the resort from Baxter for practically nothing, again mentioning his Jacob Barnesworth School for Boys plan. Ridgeway\'s secretary Miss Wigginton  happens to be present during this exchange, and blows her stack in front of Ridgeway, telling everyone the truth: the property includes several hundred acres of pine timberland originally donated to the local Indian tribes by Barnesworth for as long as the tribe inhabited the land. As the tribe has moved away or died out, the land reverts to the estate. Ridgeway wants to buy the resort in order to log the highly valuable timber located on the property. Jesse adds that the land the town was built on was granted by Jacob Farnsworth on the condition that several buildings be erected, including two hospitals  and library. Baxter\'s son notes that he has not seen a library, and, in genuine confusion, asks why the land has not reverted to Baxter. Wigginton realizes that he is absolutely right, and that Silver Hill is in violation of the grant, meaning that the entire town is built on land now owned by Baxter — including Ridgeway\'s bank. Ridgeway, now finding himself on the back foot, finds himself being pressed by Baxter for an extension on the loan, which is quickly granted. Baxter pushes his advantage, and Ridgeway quickly agrees to loan Baxter the money necessary to not only repair but greatly expand the resort.'] [' Dennis Doyle  is about to marry Libby , his pregnant fiancée. However, he gets cold feet and runs away on the day of the wedding. Five years later, Dennis discovers that Libby, who has their son, Jake, has started seeing high-flying go-getter Whit  and realizes what he has lost. He finds out that Whit is running the Nike River Marathon in London, and to prove himself to his doubting friends and, most importantly, Libby and his son, he decides to run the race himself. He receives motivation from his two "coaches", Gordon , Libby\'s cousin and Dennis\' best friend who has made a hefty bet on Dennis succeeding, and Mr. Ghoshdastidar  his landlord, who uses unorthodox methods of training, such as using a spatula to spank him. Days before the race, Whit proposes to Libby at her birthday party. Libby accepts and this puts Dennis in a state of depression. Meanwhile, Jake, who has formed a crush on a girl in his class, runs away angry when he discovers that she prefers another boy just because he has a ponytail. Dennis, upon being informed by a frightened Libby, tracks him down and explains to him that he will find many things he does not like in his life and he should just stand up to them and face them, rather than running away. Having made that mistake himself, he decides to race after all. Dennis starts the race alongside Whit, who informs Dennis that he intends to move Libby and Jake to Chicago, Illinois. Angered, Dennis insults Whit and they tussle for a while at the start of the race and, in their efforts to out-do each other, they catch up to and then overtake the professional runners, and suddenly Whit trips Dennis and badly injures him. Stretchers prepare to take Dennis to the hospital. Whit continues, but is taken to the hospital after feeling ill and feeling pain in his leg. Libby goes to the hospital to find Dennis, but only finds Whit, who claims loudly that his injuries are the result of Dennis deliberately tripping him. The doctor tells him he is not actually injured and has only "hit the wall". Whit, in a fit of anger, calls Jake a "little shit" because Jake played with Whit\'s hospital bed, to Libby\'s horror. Dennis has in fact refused to be transported to the hospital or even get medical attention and is continuing the race well into the afternoon and evening with a sprained ankle, accompanied by a growing group of supporters, including Gordon and Mr. Ghoshdastidar. An exhausted Dennis almost "hits the wall" but after an emotional inner struggle, his resolve to complete the race is restored. Later at Whit\'s house, Libby, Jake and Whit, watch a television replay of the Whit/Dennis tussle, as the replay shows that in fact Whit had deliberately tripped Dennis up and had fallen over because he had gotten tangled up with Dennis as he was falling. As Whit tries to justify his behavior, he blurts out his intentions to have Libby and Jake move to Chicago with him. A furious Libby puts the engagement ring on a table, telling Whit "nobody\'s perfect" and storms out with Jake. The two go to meet Dennis as he arrives at the finish line. Dennis falls over just metres from the finish line and cannot get up until he sees Libby and Jake calling to him at which point he gets up, sprints to the finish and collapses in their arms. Some time later, notably slimmer and no longer limping, Dennis calls at Libby\'s house to pick up Jake. He says that he has something to ask her, but is interrupted by Jake, and says he\'ll talk to her later. However, just after she shuts the door, he knocks again and asks her on a date. She accepts. In the film\'s postscript, Gordon &mdash; on the bridge of a new yacht &mdash; tells the tale of the race to two attractive bikini-clad women, whom he invites aboard for a drink. The camera then pans to reveal to the audience that he\'s naked below the waist.'] ["A suburban police station is understaffed, due to a flu epidemic, and Sergeant Wilkins, under pressure to maintain staffing levels, is pleased to hear that three new officers, straight from training school, are due shortly. Before even arriving, the three officers inadvertently assist some bank robbers into their getaway car , and are embarrassed when they learn the truth. The new Constables are self-proclaimed intellectual and amateur psychologist, PC Timothy Benson, former socially well-connected playboy and cad, PC Tom Potter and PC Charles Constable who is extremely superstitious. The arrival of WPC Gloria Passworthy and Special Constable Gorse completes the roster. Constable falls in love with Passworthy. Out on the beat, the new officrs try hard, but are somewhat less than successful. Benson nearly arrests a plainclothes detective, and Constable believes he's just heard a murder being committed, but it turns out to be a radio play. Potter investigates a report of an intruder, but finds a young woman in the bath. Gorse, tasked to patrol with a police dog, is unable to control it. They have better luck when a wages robbery takes place. Benson and Potter locate the getaway car and all four engage in a confrontation with the thieves, arresting them and recovering the money. Commended for his efficiency and excellent results, Inspector Mills is promoted to a training position and Wilkins is promoted to replace him. Charlie Constable gets his girl  and stops being superstitious."] ['A high-society woman named Muriel  wants to attend a swanky dinner party thrown by a friend of hers, but her husband, Arthur, decides instead to go on a fishing trip. Rather than showing up stag to the party, Muriel tells her housekeeper to call the Acme Escort Service to bring a few "college boy" escorts. However, the housekeeper accidentally calls the Acme Exterminator Co., run by the Stooges. After testing out a few unorthodox techniques involving catching a mouse, including Curly playing a piccolo and Moe being shot into a wall by a loaded cannon, the phone rings. Moe, his ears still ringing from the cannon, answers and, unwittingly, the boys are hired to be Muriel\'s escorts to the party. At the mansion, the guests all arrive, and not long afterwards the Stooges show up in tuxes in a beat-up car. The Stooges, convinced that they were hired to clear the house of pests, are about to get to work when they hear that dinner is served. Moe tells his pals that they "always feed ya at these high class joints", and the Stooges rush to the dining room to eat. After dinner, the guests enter the main hall where a small group of musicians are playing. The Stooges then take over and begin to perform while actually syncing to music playing from a nearby victrola. The Stooges continue their mock performance until Moe accidentally grabs a saw and cuts the bass in half. Several mice inside begin to scurry about, causing the guests to run away, and the boys decide then and there to get to work. The boys make a shambles of the house, leading the owner to chase them out of the mansion, wielding a Gopher Bomb. The boys run to their car and make an escape, by Arthur throws the bomb into the car, causing it to explode and scatter the Stooges all over the street.'] ['The Stooges are inept electricians who manage to electrocute themselves as well as their boss, "Smilin\'" Sam McGann . After predictably getting fired from their job, Curly suggests that the boys take "a nice, long rest." They spot an ad for Mallard\'s Rest Home, and embark on their R&R trip. Upon arrival, the boys are introduced to Dr. Mallard ([[Kenneth MacDonald  who prescribes a detailed, regimented schedule of exercise, only to be fed a "nice bowl of milk" for breakfast and lunch. Mallard then assigns two nurses to train the Stooges, which sends the boys head over heels into fits of love — until the nurses turn out to be men . While the Stooges are vigorously training in the gym the following day, Moe and Larry attempt to help Curly flex his muscles by removing the individual weights, pound by pound. The weights land on the nurses\' heads, knocking them cold. In their daze, the two spill the beans that Mallard is a quack, and the Stooges realize that the phony doctor is out to swindle the trio from their hard-earned money. In their efforts to escape, Curly bumps into a wealthy man with a bad foot , and is handsomely rewarded with a $1,000 for his "efforts." When Curly suggests using the money to take "a nice, long rest," Moe and Larry promptly clobber him.'] ["When he is forced to vacate the office of his debt-ridden correspondence college, 'Professor' Will Davis  goes to the Ministry of International Commerce at Whitehall in order to confront his one-and-only student, PR man Bobby Jessop . To get Davis off his back, Jessop proposes to get him a job at Whitehall. Jessop then leaves in order to fetch a Professor Davys at the train station. The professor is a leading economist who has returned from a long stay in South America in order to advise the British government on a trade treaty with the South American nations, which could be crucial to Britain's war effort. Davis is mistaken for the expert and gets involved in a series of interviews, giving answers based on gambling, con jobs, double entendres or just plain ignorance. Jessop later returns with 'Professor Davys' and the confusion is sorted out, though it has left the BBC interviewers in a state of mental collapse. Jessop then discovers that the man he brought with him is in fact Crabtree , a member of a group of fifth columnists working for Nazi Germany. Jessop promises Davis a job if he will help him track down the real Professor Davys , who is being held in a safe house by Crabtree's associates. Assuming a number of disguises, Davis and Jessop set off to foil the plot before the treaty is compromised."] ['Desperate to pay their rent, the Stooges get some easy money by having Curly slip on a bar of soap in a hotel lobby so they can sue the owner. Curly slips as planned but the hotel turns out to be run by an old lady who is about to lose her lease to the evil landlord. The trio then decide to help her fix up the place and start by beating up the landlord and stealing his watch. After their usual antics in renovating the place, the hotel is ready for the grand re-opening. The boys put on a big show with famous critic Waldo Twitchell in attendance. Their corny act goes over poorly until Curly accidentally puts on a magicians coat and becomes a sensation and the place is a success.'] ["Harry Dunne  is home schooled throughout his life and finally gets his chance to go to regular school. At the same time, another guy named Lloyd Christmas([[Derek Richardson  , who has been adopted and exchanged several times until he was accepted by Ray , the school janitor, as shown in the deleted scenes - becomes overeager, and gets out of school to get into school. Harry bumps into Lloyd on the way, in search for a treasure his mother  asked him to find, and as if it were destiny, the two instantly became the best of friends. Lloyd introduces Harry to his 'friend', Turk , the school bully whose main function in life appears to be making Lloyd's life hell. After putting Lloyd in a dustbin, he hoists the two friends up a flagpole. Meanwhile, the corrupt Principal Collins  is searching for a way to get a large amount of money to get a condominium in Waikiki. Seeing Harry and Lloyd getting hoisted on a flagpole makes Principal Collins establish a 'special needs' class to swindle $100,000 from the local community. Obviously, Harry and Lloyd are more than thrilled to help, and thus find themselves signing up people who are 'different' for the class. These include a reluctant Turk; a teen named Toby  who broke his leg in a skateboarding accident - and whom Lloyd believes is a 'little crippled boy'; Toby's gorgeous girlfriend, Terri ; geeky Lewis , whom Harry and Lloyd believe is a centaur after seeing him half-dressed in his horse mascot costume; Cindy , also known as Ching-Chong, an Asian exchange student who later becomes Turk's girlfriend; and Carl , a badly injured football player obsessed with his sport. Jessica ([[Rachel Nichols , a headstrong student, is suspicious of Principal Collins' sudden contribution. Jessica asks Harry for information. Harry, who thinks that she is flirting with him, turns to Lloyd for courtship tips. A repulsive disaster involving Jessica's bathroom and a melted chocolate bar scares her father  and directs her attention to Lloyd. Soon, Harry and Lloyd get into a fight over Jessica, without her knowing it. Inevitably, the two make amends when Harry and Lloyd realize that they were nothing without each other . It so happens that the Special Needs class was asked to build a float for President's Day at that time; instead of building a float with George Washington as the main attraction, they change it to look like Principal Collins with repeated recordings of his evidence. Principal Collins is arrested before he can get away, and Harry and Lloyd are regarded as heroes. However, just like in the original film, the duo's advances to Jessica were in vain, since it turned out that she had a boyfriend. As the couple rode off, Harry and Lloyd vowed never to fight and risk their friendship over a woman, again; that vow was repeatedly broken. As the guys head home, they are approached by the Felcher Twins  in a sports car, who offer to take them to a huge party. Harry and Lloyd turn them down, and Harry gets covered in mud and dirties Jessica's father's car at the end of the film."] ['Dickie Roberts is a former child star who shot to fame on an eponymous TV sitcom called The Glimmer Gang with his catchphrase "This is Nuckin\' Futs!". His career subsequently halted after his 6th birthday. Since his heyday, he has been reduced to parking cars at Morton\'s and appearing on Celebrity Boxing, where he is matched with Emmanuel Lewis. In the public eye, Dickie is washed up. Dickie is absolutely convinced that a new Rob Reiner movie in the works, Mr. Blake\'s Backyard, will be his comeback vehicle. Even after his agent does not land him an audition, Dickie persists. He pesters Tom Arnold at an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting to hook him up with Reiner. After he is kicked out because he\'s not an alcoholic, Dickie fakes being wasted and crashes what turns out to be a Lamaze class. However, Brendan Fraser  is in the class and he agrees to call Reiner for Dickie. Reiner bluntly tells Dickie that the part is not within his abilities because it requires knowing how a regular person lives. Unfortunately, Dickie never had a real childhood: he grew up in the limelight, and then his mother abandoned him when his show was canceled. Desperate to prove to Reiner that he\'s right for the part, Dickie sells his raunchy autobiography to raise $30,000. With the money, he pays a family to "adopt" him for a month. As expected, once Dickie hires his "family," things do not go well as he tries to fit into the household. Dickie learns much about himself and life in general, and finally lands the part. Along the way, he helps the family\'s son score a date with his dream girl and helps the daughter join the pep squad. The main lesson he learns is from Blake\'s Backyard itself: sometimes the things you want are in your own backyard. When his gold-digger girlfriend runs off with the self-centered father of his fake family, Dickie gives up the part to be with the family he has come to love. The movie ends with a faux E! True Hollywood Story report on Dickie, who now turns his real story into a new sitcom that uses all of his old friends, as well as his new family . The closing credits are a take-off on Relief albums listed as "To help former child stars". The song includes The Brady Bunchs Maureen McCormick singing "please don\'t call me \'Marcia\' or I\'ll bust your fucking head" and many references to old television sitcoms. The movie shows Dickie interacting with numerous former child stars, played by over two dozen actual former stars lampooning their careers, such as Leif Garrett, Barry Williams, Dustin Diamond and Danny Bonaduce.'] ['Lawrence Jamieson  is a cultivated and suave British con artist who operates in the deluxe hotels along the French Riviera with the help of his manservant Arthur  and corrupt local police officer Andre . His signature con is seducing wealthy and morally suspect women and stealing their money. His only concern is a mysterious, anonymous con man known only as "The Jackal" who has been preying on other wealthy victims of late. When small-time American hustler Freddy Benson  decides to search for easy marks in Beaumont-sur-Mer, Lawrence\'s home base, Lawrence believes that the Jackal has shown his face. Worried that Freddy\'s clumsy antics will scare away his prey, Lawrence has Freddy arrested and put on the next plane out of town. However, Freddy meets one of Lawrence\'s former marks and deduces that the older man is also a crook. Returning to Beaumont-sur-Mer, Freddy forces Lawrence to take him on as a pupil in exchange for his silence. Lawrence attempts to teach the boorish Freddy about high culture with limited success. He also involves him as a subordinate player in his cons, making him play the mentally challenged and socially inept Rueprect in order to scare away their female targets after their money has been acquired. Freddy, tired of not getting paid and tired of the humiliating part he has to play, decides to strike out on his own. Since Lawrence believes that there is not enough room in Beaumont-sur-Mer for both of them, the two agree to a bet in order to decide who stays. The first one to con $50,000 out of a selected mark will be allowed to stay, while the other must leave and never return to Beaumont-sur-Mer. The two select Janet Colgate , a naive and wealthy American heiress, as their target and embark on their separate strategies while at the same time ruthlessly sabotaging each other. Freddy poses as a psychosomatically crippled soldier who needs to borrow $50,000 for treatment by a celebrated Liechtenstein psychiatrist, Dr. Emile Shauffhausen. But when Lawrence discovers this scheme he pretends to be Dr. Shauffhausen, insisting Freddy\'s condition is one he can cure with the stipulation that Janet pay the $50,000 fee directly to him. Lawrence discovers that Janet is not wealthy after all but on vacation as a contest winner and that she intends to liquidate most of her assets to pay for Freddy\'s treatment. Impressed and emotionally touched by Janet\'s innate goodness, Lawrence calls off the bet, noting that his previous victims have all been wealthy and corrupt. Freddy suggests they change the challenge and make Janet herself the bet, with the first to bed her declared the winner. Lawrence refuses to try to "win," agreeing only to bet that Freddy will fail to do so. Lawrence tries to convince Janet that she must ignore her growing attraction for Freddy as part of his therapy and manages to keep her from having any time alone with him in which they might consummate a relationship. With the help of some British sailors, Freddy waylays Lawrence, and rushes to Janet\'s hotel room where he demonstrates his love by walking to her. However, Janet is not alone. Lawrence, is there and declares Freddy cured of his ailment. Ushering Freddy out of the room he explains that the sailors released him after discovering that he is a Royal Navy reserve officer. The sailors, angry at being duped by Freddy, keep him occupied while Lawrence puts Janet on a plane to America. The next day however, Janet does not board her flight. She instead returns to her hotel room to find a remorseful Freddy there. They kiss, close the door and begin to undress. The news reaches Lawrence as he swims, and he accepts his defeat with grace. He is later seen struggling to retain composure as he waits for Freddy to return and gloat over his victory. Instead, Janet arrives in tears. She tells him that Freddy has stolen the money her father sent. Lawrence compensates her with $50,000 of his own and takes her to the airport. At the last minute before she boards the plane, Janet tells Lawrence that she cannot take the money and gives the bag back to him. As the plane leaves, the police arrive with Freddy who claims that Janet robbed the both of them. Puzzled, Lawrence finally opens up the bag and finds a note from Janet instead admitting that she indeed took the $50,000 and that she was The Jackal all along. Freddy is angry while Lawrence is charmed by the Jackal\'s skill. Freddy and Lawrence assess their loss. They are about to part company when the Jackal, in a new disguise as a loud New York real estate developer, arrives at Lawrence\'s villa with a yacht filled with wealthy people. She promptly has Lawrence and Freddy assume roles in her scheme and while the guests refresh themselves, she takes them aside and announces that while she has made a fortune, she had the most fun with them. Joining arms, they set out to fleece their latest victims.'] ['The film is set in London during World War II at the time of the Blitz. The leads are a couple of out of work variety entertainers who use great ingenuity in their efforts to get financial assistance to "put on a show". Hoping to put their proposal to the formidable Lady Randall, ex-music hall star Lily Morris, they infiltrate her house in the guise of a servant  and cook . After some farcical interludes, they achieve their aim after Lady Randall is persuaded to sing an old music hall standard "Waiting at the Church" at an impromptu show located underground at Aldwych tube station, - used during wartime as an underground bomb shelter. As the ex-music hall star, Lily Morris plays herself. The title of the film is Arthur Askey\'s famous catch-phrase. Also in the film is elderly comic actor Moore Marriott who plays Lady Randall\'s somewhat eccentric father and the somewhat ubiquitous \'Albert\'  who appears under that name in the comedy films of both Will Hay and Arthur Askey.'] [" The Stooges, while running the Cafe Casbah Bah  and attempting to prepare a meal for customers Hassan Ben Sober  and Ginna Rumma , discover a plan that their hungry customers are hatching. These two thieves are attempting to rob the tomb of King Rootintootin, which contains a priceless diamond, but they discover that the emir of Schmow  has already gotten his hands on the diamond. The two plotters start wailing and are thrown out of the restaurant. The Stooges then attempt to retrieve the diamond themselves, as there is a $50,000 reward at stake. The Stooges arrive at the emir's palace, all three dressed as Santa Claus. They then manage to acquire the diamond and make a quick exit, but not before dealing with a burly guard."] ["The film begins with Martha Alston  in a wedding gown incarcerated in a Mexican prison. The investigators call her Mrs. Crawford and listen to her explain why she committed murder on her wedding day. Some time ago, at her younger sister's wedding, Martha is pestered by her family about when she'll get married. At work, she rejects a date with a younger co-worker, Walter . Disappointed by her dull Valentine's Day blind date, Martha goes home to sulk in front of the TV, where, inundated by romantic imagery, she is prompted to get out of the house. Martha goes to a bar where she drops her quarter in front of the jukebox. She bends down to get it, then a man shows up and selects the same song Martha would have chosen. The man is Whitman Crawford , and they instantly hit it off. They go back to his house and have sex. Whitman says he's a poet and an investor. He reads Martha one of his poems. Martha introduces Whitman to her family and he impresses them. But by the time Martha meets Whitman's mother, Martha has become convinced Whitman is not Mr. Right at all. Whitman's ex-girlfriend Inga  and her accomplice Bob  harass Martha. Inga refuses to believe that Martha has dumped Whitman. Whitman refuses to believe it either, and begins stalking Martha and trying to woo her back in increasingly ridiculous ways. Whitman even buys off Martha's private investigator  and abducts Martha to Mexico to marry her there. Walter shows up to rescue Martha from the wedding, but trips. His gun falls into Martha's hand and she shoots Whitman. Then she's arrested, and the investigators conclude that she murdered Whitman. Walter springs her out of jail and explains that it was Inga who shot Whitman. Walter and Martha ride a horse West towards the sunset. Title cards over this scene explain that they eventually turned North towards the American border, that Inga and Bob get married and open a pet store in Albuquerque, and that Whitman continues his search for love."] ["Mabel goes home after being humiliated by a masher whom her husband won't fight. The husband goes off to a bar and gets drunk."] ['Charlie Hawkins  is the workaholic owner of thriving taxi company Speedee Taxis, but his wife Peggy  feels neglected by him. When Charlie misses their fifteenth wedding anniversary, because he\'s out cabbing, she decides to punish him. Telling Charlie that she\'s going to \'get a job\', she establishes a rival company, GlamCabs. The cars are brand new Ford Cortina Mk1\'s and driven by attractive girls in provocative uniforms. Flo, the girlfriend of one of Charlie\'s drivers, similarly neglected, gets the post of office manager. Charlie continues to coach his mainly inept  drivers, including accident-prone Terry "Pintpot" Tankard ([[Charles Hawtrey , whilst Peggy refuses to tell Charlie what her new \'job\' is. Charlie feigns a lack of interest, but he\'s dying to know. As Charlie unsuccessfully struggles to cope with his wife\'s absences, and realises just what she had to endure, Peggy\'s company becomes a thriving success due to the large number of male taxi passengers preferring to ogle her sexy drivers during journeys. Speedee rapidly starts losing money and faces bankruptcy. Peggy feels terrible for what she has done. Charlie and his drivers attempt to sabotage the rival company, but they are chased off. In desperation, Charlie suggests a merger with his rivals, but is furious to discover who the real owner is and storms off. A month later, Peggy is living at the office and Charlie has turned to drink, allowing his company to collapse around him. Peggy and Flo are hijacked by bank robbers. Peggy manages to use the taxi radio to subtly reveal their situation and location. Charlie intercepts the broadcast and rallies the other Speedee drivers in pursuit. The robbers are cornered and captured. Peggy and Charlie are reconciled, especially over the fact that she is expecting a baby.'] ['Set during World War I, Lurk is transported from his role as a lowly servant in the household of Lord and Lady Twithampton  to the Western Front. Lurk is inspired to bravery, and upon receiving the German master plan for the entire war, which has through an unlikely series of events been tattooed onto his posterior, is pursued across France by German intelligence. After breaking into the British military headquarters to deliver the plans into the hands of General Burke , he is confronted by the sensuous German spy Mata Hari . After foiling Mata Hari\'s scheme to relieve him of the plan, a hilarious scene develops in which he is pursued by the nefarious Von Gutz  and his henchmen Donner and Blitzen . Accompanied by the Can-Can, performed by the Famous Buttercup Girls, Lurk is pursued around the Allied headquarters. Finally, disguised as a tree, he is able to present the plans to General Burke, to the famous line: General Burke: "Lurk, bend down." Lurk: "I thought you\'d never ask!" Having successfully delivered the plans into the hands of British intelligence, Lurk receives a medal of honour and a promotion. He is therefore able to win the love of his beloved Fanny  and defeat the machinations of the wicked Sgt. Major Groping . There is also a cameo by a young Bob Hoskins.'] ['Chien Fu , an orphan adopted by a kung fu school, is overworked as their janitor and abused by the kung fu teachers as a walking punching-bag. Chien befriends an old beggar  by offering him a meal and a place to stay. Unknown to Chien, the old beggar is actually one of the last surviving masters of the Snake-style of kung fu. The old man is on the run from the Eagle Claw clan, which is viciously killing off all of the rival Snake-style kung fu masters. Seeing that Chien is being abused, the old man teaches Chien the footwork of snake style which enables one to avoid an opponent\'s attacks. The old man leaves the school to find a better hiding spot. After being abused once more, Chien later finds him and the old man agrees to give him more lessons, on the condition that he does not call him "sifu" , since they are friends. The real reason, however, is to keep Chien\'s connection with him secret from his pursuers. Chien practices the lessons and learns to avoid being hurt by the school\'s bumbling teachers. When the school is invaded by the Mantis school, to everyone\'s amazement Chien easily defeats their master using the snake style. Unfortunately, one of the passing wanderers who witnesses the fight is the high master of the Eagle Clan, who recognizes the style at once and decides to tail Chien. Chien meets the Eagle Claw clan master, who inquires about the old beggar. The Eagle Claw master lies, saying that he was a colleague of the old beggar and asks Chien to help him find the old man. As a show of \'proof\', he easily fends off Chien\'s attacks. Chien realises that his Snake-style fighting is no match for the style practiced by the stranger, and thus creates a new style from watching his pet cat kill a cobra. Eventually, Chien unwittingly leads the Eagle Claw master to the old man. In the duel, Chien merges his "cat style" with snake style to finally defeat the Eagle Claw master and his minions. Chien announces that he will call his technique "Cat\'s Claw", but the Old man suggest that he give the technique the name "Snake in the Eagle\'s Shadow".'] ["Marion Davies plays twins separated at birth: Anne becomes a society girl in New York and Fely becomes an Irish poor girl turning to the musical world. Dirk , Anne's half brother, falls in love with the poor sister, with the added inconvenient that Anne's family owns the slum in which the Irish families live."] ['The Stooges are "recruited" by a college to drum up publicity for the college\'s football team by being dressed up as football players. Meanwhile, the owner of a professional football team, Joe Stacks, has to find three new players for the next game. One of Joe\'s girlfriends soon meets the Stooges and confuses them for real college football players known as "The Three Horsemen" (a parody of the "[[Four Horsemen . The Stooges go back to her house and meet the girl\'s two friends. After squirting each other with nightcap bottles, everyone decides to play the game "Blind man\'s buff." The Stooges are blindfolded and walk around trying to find the girls. Just at that moment, Joe and his two henchmen walk in. They punch out the trio and then chase them around the house. One of the women finally explains that the three strangers are actually "The Three Famous Horsemen," and Joe offers them money to play for him. Naturally, the trio have not a clue how to play football. Their first game  turns into a fiasco. Realizing that they have been swindled, the three managers turn their revolvers on the Stooges, hitting them on the buttocks as they attempt to flee.   Moe Howard once called Three Little Pigskins "a humdinger of bangs and bruises,"<ref name Howard| first  Moe Howard| coauthors  Moe Howard and the Three Stooges| publisher  1977, rev. 1979| location  79, 81| url | id  0-8065-0723-3}} as it marked the first time the Stooges flatly refused to perform a stunt. In the film, during the game the boys are stopped by photographers to pose for a picture, when the football players then tackle them. The football players were real college football players, and the Stooges  were afraid of being hurt. Larry Fine, the smallest and lightest of the three, told director Raymond McCarey, "Look, we can\'t do this scene. We\'re not stuntmen and if one of those gorillas falls on us, we\'ll never be able to finish the picture. We\'ve never used stunt doubles before but we certainly need them now." Moe Howard dryly agreed with McCarey, saying "You\'re darn right we won\'t get hurt. We\'re not doing the scene."'] ['Zed  is a hunter and Oh  is a gatherer. After being informed that Zed ate from the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil, the shaman  and Marlak  banish him from the tribe. After Zed burns down the village by accident Oh decides to go with Zed on his journey to discover all the world has to offer. Along the way, they encounter Cain and Abel . Cain kills Abel and informs Zed and Oh that they must escape with him or else be accused of killing Abel. Afterwards, Zed and Oh find that the girls they want to "lay with", Maya  and Eema , from their former tribe have been captured and are being sold into slavery. They try to buy the girls\' freedom, but Cain ends up selling Zed and Oh. While being taken to a village by the owner with all the other slaves from their tribe, Sodomites attack and take the slaves prisoner, though Zed and Oh escape and hide in the desert, watching the Sodomites. The next morning, Zed and Oh discover that the Sodomites have left with the slaves. They head off to save the slaves. They come to a mountain and find Abraham  about to kill his son Isaac . Zed stops them, claiming that the Lord sent him to do so. Abraham takes them to his Hebrew village and tells them about the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah. Zed and Oh head off for Sodom after Abraham decides to circumcise them. As they arrive in Sodom, they are captured. Cain, now a Sodomite soldier, saves them from being sodomized, calling them "his brothers." The two recalled that they were sold by Cain as slaves and Cain apologizes and offers them food. While being given a tour of the city by Cain, Zed and Oh are offered by Cain to become guards. Shortly after they become guards and are patrolling the city they see the princess Inanna , who is fasting because she feels guilty that most of the city is starving. That night, at a party, Zed is invited by the princess to talk with her. Inside the palace, Zed sees Maya and Eema serving as slaves, while Oh is forced to follow the very effeminate high priest around the palace. Zed meets Princess Inanna and she asks him to enter the Holy of Holies and tell her what it is like, thinking that Zed is the "Chosen One." Inside the temple, Zed encounters Oh, who is hiding from the high priest . There, they get into a heated argument and are then imprisoned for going inside the temple. The two are sentenced to be stoned to death but Zed convinces the Sodomites to have mercy, so they are instead sentenced to hard labor until they die from work. The king then announces that he will be sacrificing his daughter and two virgins  as a gift to the gods. Zed interrupts the ceremony, claiming he is the "Chosen One." A riot starts, Oh saves Eema and Abraham arrives with the Hebrews to overthrow the king. Oh and Eema lay with each other inside the palace, which not only consummates their relationship, but also means that Eema cannot be sacrificed. They then come out to help Zed fight the soldiers . The crowd kills all the leaders and proclaim Zed as the Leader being the "Chosen One". Zed turns this down, letting Inanna rule, and instead becomes an explorer with Maya. Oh becomes the leader of the village where the whole adventure started. The two say their goodbyes and head their separate ways.'] ['{{Plot}} On Thursday, February 18, in Gamut Hall, the gang participates  in a boring play entitled The Gladiator\'s Dilemma (a weak adaptation of the novel [[Quo Vadis . The play  is written like a Shakespearean play, using words of older English and creating silly  expressions like "What ho!" The play is written, produced, and directed by Mrs. Funston Evergreen Kennedy. Her husband, Officer Kennedy, is responsible for the special effects and is forced to play different characters, including the giant named Ursus and an elephant. As a nervous, uptight Mrs. Kennedy gives her introduction to the audience, the kids get ready for their performance. Their disgust and lack of enthusiasm show how they feel about the show. During the first act, Mary Ann  and Wheezer forget a good bit of their lines and confuse some of the words for others, so Mrs. Kennedy has to yell them out to them. In the background, a tall boy who plays Ursus sneezes, causing his fake wig and beard to fall and land on Pete the Pup. Mrs. Kennedy helps Chubby start with his line and then excitedly forces her husband to shake the tin to create thundering noises. When Farina  begins saying his line, a goat runs loose and butts him, knocking him down. Getting up, Farina yells, "Forsooth, I think these mountains are full of too many goats!" At the end of Act I, Chubby gets ready to play Nero. He looks at the script and begins writing his lines on his costume in case he forgets a line. Mr. Kennedy luckily notices that he was wearing his costume inside out and has him put it on correctly. At the beginning of Act II, Jackie delivers his lines and  forgets several words, so Mrs. Kennedy yells them to him, getting more and more nervous. Donald Haines catches the giggles while saying his line about Nero riding an "elephant bathed in perfume." Just minutes later after Kennedy comes onstage in an elephant costume , the curtain accidentally falls in the middle of he scene, causing the elephant head to fall off. The boy in charge of opening and closing the curtains just sits, so Mrs. Kennedy has to open them up for him. Chubby accidentally falls on a bowl of tomatoes, and the juice leaves his rear end wet and dirty. Meanwhile, some teenaged boys  are seeking revenge by throwing eggs at the players. Chubby forgets a line and has to pull his toga up to find out what his next line is . His mother and Mrs. Kennedy order him to put it back down, so he asks quietly what he must say. After being given the line, he says, "What ho! Bring on the dancing girls!" A female dancer comes onstage to do her number while the musicians play a sour-note version of "The Blue Danube Waltz.". The angry boys find the dance number terrible and throw an egg at her face. As Farina does his scene, wherein he reads the future from a crystal ball, he confuses some words for others, so Mrs. Kennedy again has to yell out the right words. After a while, he gets disgusted and aggravated with her yelling, and he yells out for the audience to hear, "Doggone it! Look, I wish that woman would quit bothering me!" The audience chuckles, and Farina resumes his performance by beginning his next line with "Well, anyway..." Chubby suddenly gets an egg thrown in his face, while Farina gets one at his right ear. Mrs. Kennedy, who is on the verge of a nervous breakdown, begins biting at her script. At the beginning of Act III, "Mary Annicus" is told that Nero wants to marry her. Before she is able to show that she forgot her line, Mrs. Kennedy gives it to her: "I spurn thy vile heart, O monster, and cast it in the dust." Mary Ann, refusing to go through all that, just shortens the line: "Well anyway, I won\'t marry ya." Farina gets a second egg in the face, and the fight that he must have with the lion turns into a comedic act. The scenes with the sacred bull are even funnier when the man in the bull costume runs around and dances. Kennedy comes out onstage to play Ursus the Giant, who has to kill the "bullicus." When the man inside the bull costume provokes Kennedy by making the bull stand on just its hind legs, Kennedy takes off his beard and hair and fights the man inside the bull costume with his bare fists. By now, Mrs. Kennedy is about to break down and cry. Soon, Kennedy gets a pie in the face from one of the teenaged boys. While saying his line, Chubby ends up getting a pie thrown at him from one of the boys. His mother catches the boy in the act of throwing the pie and encourages Chubby to throw a pie back at the boy. Chubby tries but misses. The man who was hit tries to hit Chubby but ends up hitting one of the other boys, and the boy\'s father tries to hit that man but misses. Chubby tries to hit another person who hit him with a pie but ends up hitting his own mother. Soon, a pie fight begins with everyone in the auditorium participating. Mrs. Kennedy sees the play being completely ruined and orders everyone to stop. The kids turn to Kennedy. He nods, giving them permission, and all the kids throw their pies at her.'] ['The film is a mix of numerous acts and bits, like a vaudeville variety show, interlaced with a plot line, in the style of the Big Broadcast pictures that were also released by Paramount during the 1930s. In addition to the typical Fieldsian comic lunacy, it also provides a snapshot of some popular stage and radio acts of the era. The ostensible plot line concerns a Chinese inventor trying to sell a "radioscope", an early version of television. Unlike real television, this imagined mechanism did not need a camera, but its monitor could zoom in on acts around the world. The setting is a large hotel in Wuhu, China  and the "international" in the title resonates with the real-life International Settlement in Shanghai. It was actually filmed on Paramount\'s Hollywood back lot. Fields portrays Dr. Henry R. Quail, who is one of many people—from all over the world—converging on the "International House Hotel" in Wuhu, though he is the only one not hoping to buy  Dr. Wong\'s television invention, as he was intending to land in Kansas City but went off-course. The film ends with minor characters chasing Fields as he drives Peggy Hopkins Joyce in his American Austin  through the function rooms of the hotel and up and down the stairs, to drive the car into the hold of his autogyro and take off.'] [' The McCallister family prepares to spend Christmas in Paris, gathering at Peter and Kate\'s home in a suburb of Chicago the night before their flight. Eight-year-old Kevin, their youngest son, finds himself the subject of ridicule from his siblings and cousins. After getting into an argument with his older brother Buzz, he is sent to the third floor bedroom of the house, where he wishes his family would disappear. During the night, a power outage resets the alarm clocks and causes the family to oversleep. In the confusion and rush to reach the airport on time, Kevin is left behind and the family does not realize it until they are already airborne. Once in Paris, his mother and father desperately try to book a flight home. Meanwhile, Kevin wakes up to find the house empty and is overjoyed to find that his wish came true. He practises shooting with Buzz\'s BB gun, jumps on the bed, watches a gangster film, and eats a large serving of junk food, but in the process accidentally wrecks Buzz\'s room. However, he finds himself frightened by the appearance of the Chicago Police Department called by his parents to check on him; his next door neighbor "Old Man" Marley, who was rumored to have murdered his family many years earlier; and the appearance of The Wet Bandits, Harry Lyme and Marv Merchants, who are breaking into other vacant houses on the block. On Christmas Eve, Kevin overhears Harry and Marv discussing plans for breaking into his house that night. After conversing with a Santa Claus impersonator and watching a local choir perform in a church, he comes across Marley. The two of them talk, and he learns that Marley is in fact a very nice man and the rumors about him are not true. He tells Kevin he is watching the choir because his granddaughter is in it, and he never gets to see her because he and his son have not spoken in years after a big argument they had. Kevin advises him to reconcile with his son. After leaving the church, Kevin heads home and sets up various booby traps inside the house. Harry and Marv break in. After the two spring every trap in the house, Kevin flees to the second floor of the house and dials 9-1-1. They chase him out of the house and he flees to the vacant neighboring home. The Wet Bandits catch him when he runs to the top of the stairs and hang him on a coat hook on the door. Marley sneaks up behind them and knocks them out with a snow shovel and takes Kevin home. Shortly after, Harry and Marv are arrested. Kevin wakes up the next morning and is disappointed to see that his family is still gone. He then hears Kate enter the house, calling for him. He goes downstairs and the two of them meet and reconcile. Immediately after, the rest of the McCallisters, having traveled directly from Paris to Chicago, arrive. Kevin keeps silent about his encounter with Harry and Marv, although Peter finds Harry\'s missing gold tooth and wonders what it is. Kevin and Buzz have a moment of reconciliation. He then goes over to the window and sees Marley greeting his son and his family. As he is hugging his granddaughter, he looks up to see Kevin. He waves at him and Kevin waves back, smiling. He watches as Marley heads inside with his family. Buzz interrupts him by calling out, "Kevin, what did you do to my room?", at which point Kevin runs off and the film ends.'] ['The movie opens outside of a building where terrorists are holding hostages and a nuclear bomb. The Reno Sheriff\'s Department arrives in a helicopter to handle the situation. The main characters come off the helicopter wearing their tactical suits and carrying guns and ammo, except for Dep. Clementine Johnson , who is wearing skimpy lingerie under a trench coat. As the Sheriff\'s Department prepares for the mission, the agents overseeing the action notice their commanding officer is missing. Lt. Jim Dangle ([[Thomas Lennon  bursts into the scene on a motorcycle, wearing his trademark hot pants, only to crash after jumping a police car. Deputy Travis Junior  then wakes up and realizes it was all a dream. He realizes that he was driving, and both he and Dangle crash through a construction site into a port-a-john. The film continues with introductory clips of the officers, telling how they became interested in law enforcement, à la COPS. After a scene involving a chicken in the road miscoded as an "armed person on a roof", Lt. Dangle tells everyone that they have been invited to the American Police Convention in Miami Beach, but after the 35 hour bus ride, the group realizes their names are not on the entrance list, so they can not get their entrance passes or hotel keys. They end up booking rooms at a motel downtown, which seems to be a hub of illegal activity. That night, the police officers change into skimpy clothing and attempt to seduce one another with alcohol. As all are unsuccessful, they turn to self-pleasure. This prompts a disgusted Jones to run away, as he sees everyone through their open windows. After everyone recovers from their hangovers , the team goes to the convention site to see if their tickets were found. When they get there they see that the entire building has been blocked off and covered because of a bio-chemical terrorist attack. The only people left outside are the HazMAT people, National Security, and assistant deputy mayor Jeff Spoder . The head of National Security tells the Reno Sheriffs Department that since they are the only Police officers available, they will have to provide law enforcement for all of Miami Beach. A high-ranking SWAT agent  arrives on the scene, but he ends up blowing himself up when he tries to show the team how to handle a grenade. The team arrives at the Miami Beach Sheriff\'s Department and finds that everything there is a lot better than what they have in Reno, including the squad cars; Miami Beach Sheriff Deputies ride in 2006 Mustangs instead of old Crown Victorias. The team responds to several emergency calls, which include an alligator in a swimming pool , street prostitution , and a dead beached whale, which they decide to remove by blowing up the whale and chunks of flesh fly everywhere. As usual, the team has fun with their antics around the city. They find out that the person who poisoned all the police officers at the convention was Jeff. His plan was to gang up with Ethan the drug lord , who pretends to be Cuban but is really from Colorado and take over Miami Beach. Jeff kills the drug lord when he is discovered and runs off with the antidote. The team chases him down on golf carts and just as they are about to get beaten in a showdown on a bridge, Jones and Garcia show up in a Marine helicopter and the acting Mayor gives up. Lt. Dangle puts him under arrest and in a squad car when Trudy, who is in the AH-1 Cobra helicopter, accidentally fires one of the missiles into that same squad car. The next day, all the law enforcement officers receive the antidote. All of the officers clap and congratulate the Reno Sheriff\'s Department on their work done well. Lt. Dangle gets a job offer from the Aspen, Colorado, Sheriff\'s Department  and accepts. He tells the team that while he has enjoyed working with them, he is leaving. The team is about to board the bus when Terry tells them that he has got a jet. He offers them a ride in his jet and claims that his limo is just about to arrive to take him to the airport. No one believes him until a limo drives up to pick up Terry. In awe, they all ride with Terry in the limo to the jet and apologize for not believing him. Back in Reno, Garcia briefs the team. The door opens, interrupting his talk, and Dangle walks up to take the briefing sheets from Garcia. Apparently, the Aspen Sheriff\'s Department found out Dangle was gay and have a strict policy against hiring homosexuals. Trudy goes up to Dangle, cups his private parts, and tells them that he actually came back for her. With that said, Dangle continues the briefing, revealing that the Reno Sheriffs Department has been invited the National Police Convention at Scotland Yard. The movie ends with everyone cheering.'] ['After ten years of marriage, New York millionaire socialite couple Brad  and Caroline Sexton  are miserable and have decided to call it quits. Their marital problems come to a head earlier that evening when Brad turns their 10th anniversary party into a real estate development pitch for a theme park he calls "The Holy Land", modeled after Biblical lore. The pitch turns disastrous when one of the display\'s special effects catches a guest\'s  dress on fire. At the same time, Brad\'s accountant, Bob Lachman , is up to his own tricks, making the Sextons\' millions disappear into his own pocket mostly through mismanagement and filing false tax returns. His money manipulation has caught the attention of the Internal Revenue Service , and field agent Frank Hall , demands to meet Bob and Brad the following morning to bring the obligations up to date...to the tune of $5,000,000. Bob arrives at the office early the following morning with a file box  and an agenda...leave before Brad arrives. Though he doesn\'t get out in time, he manages to finally evade Brad...and Hall, who has just shown up. Hearing a hint from Bob that the Sextons could be fleeing , Hall orders the freezing of all their assets. Brad is unable to access his money through an ATM and Caroline has her credit card destroyed at her table as she\'s having lunch with some friends. Brad is then informed that his accounts have been frozen, but the bank teller refuses to tell him why. He then gets Bob on the phone, who tells him that he himself is the cause of their newfound problems as he\'s headed for the airport. IRS Inspector Derek Lester ([[Larry Miller  loves his job  and joins Hall to serve the warrant and bring in the Sextons. As Brad exits the bank , Hall and Lester surround him at a bull statue on Wall Street. Brad takes out his new satellite phone to answer a call, but the trigger-happy Lester mistakes it for a gun and pulls out his own pistol, shooting it out of Brad\'s hand, much to Hall\'s chagrin. Brad flees on foot, steals a cab and happens to pick up Caroline. The Sextons get away from Hall and Lester and the NYPD  and leave New York. They crash the cab and find themselves in Intercourse, Pennsylvania; a small Lancaster-area community of Old Order Amish. Brad drops in on a conversation and after stealing some clothes, they masquerade as Jacob and Emma Yoder, a family\'s  expected cousins from Missouri. Samuel and Levinia , along with their sons and daughters, make the pair at home. The pair try to fit in, and while Brad manages to adjust well, the prima donna Caroline, deprived of cigarettes and creature comforts, throws various childlike tantrums when she and Brad are alone. Gradually, both learn to fit in through their own abilities. Brad with his knowledge of real estate values, helps Samuel\'s future son-in-law Henner buy a plot of land, and Caroline\'s knowledge of fashion helps their conservative ordnung relax their colorless dress code. The Sextons then rediscover why they fell in love in the first place, largely through their efforts of helping others rather than themselves. As Samuel and Levinia\'s daughter Rebecca is exchanging vows with Henner, the ceremony is interrupted by police and a drenched Hall and Lester, who crashed into the stolen cab. The Sextons are exposed and hauled back to New York to face trial. Brad\'s attorney Phil Kleinmann ([[Michael Lerner  informs them that he found Bob in Zurich and had him extradited back to America. A resisting Bob is then hauled into the courtroom by uniformed officers to face the Sextons. Brad thanks Bob for, in a way, saving their marriage, but doesn\'t forgive him and decks him. Charges against the Sextons are dropped. Brad and Caroline return to the Yoders to make things right, but their pleas for forgiveness seem to fall on deaf ears. As they\'re turning to leave, Samuel informs them that he and Levinia knew the whole time of the ruse. They said they put up with it because it was planting season and they needed the extra help. Brad offers to give his watch as a present only to be told that their Amish cannot accept gifts only trades. He then proceeds to trade the watch for Big John, a gargantuan Belgian horse that Brad  tamed largely by dumb luck, and some corn. Brad also tells Sam that maybe he should not open the back of the watch; the watch seems to have in it a risque picture which amuses him. The movie ends with Brad and Caroline driving a 1954 Ford pickup with a horse trailer hauling Big John. It\'s then revealed that the Sextons traded their 1997 Jaguar for the truck. In the closing credits, Brad contemplates buying the pond, where they crashed the cab and Caroline reveals she is pregnant with the couple\'s first child.'] ['Set during World War II, Stan and Ollie try their hand at various business ventures. Their store opens and closes in various guises but without success. They finally open it as a bicycle store but some German spies trick them into partnering the business so that they can use it as a front for a base. Stan and Ollie volunteer as air raid wardens but keep messing up until they are fired. They soon discover that the spies are planning to blow up the local magnesium plant and in the end are heroes as they scupper the plan.'] ['Union Colonel Claude Brackenbury has a cozy arrangement with his Confederate counterpart. They fire a few artillery rounds in each other\'s general direction at precisely the same time each morning, then go back to contentedly waiting for the war to end. Captain Jared Heath, however, disturbs the status quo one day by going out and capturing some of the enemy. The Confederates feel obliged to retaliate. One thing leads to another and a military fiasco results. As punishment, Brackenbury and Heath are demoted, placed in charge of all the misfits General Willoughby can find and shipped west, where they can  do no further damage. The rebels are suspicious, so they send a beautiful spy, Martha Lou Williams, to find out their "real" mission. After questioning Easy Jenny, a madam Martha Lou is traveling with, Heath sees through Martha Lou\'s ruse. But he decides that he is going to marry her eventually, so Heath does his best to keep her out of mischief. When the unit is sent to escort an important gold shipment, the soldiers are captured by Thin Elk, an Indian chief in league with Hugo Zattig of the Confederates. Zattig\'s men masquerade as Union soldiers  and hijack the shipment. Thin Elk, meanwhile, recognizing Brackenbury as a fellow West Point graduate, lets his captives go, although without horses or guns. Heath takes charge. He and the men steal horses from the Indians, retrieve the gold  and capture Zattig\'s gang.'] [' Chaplin portrays a womanizing city man who meets Tillie  in the country after a fight with his girlfriend . When he sees that Tillie\'s father has a very large bankroll for his workers, he persuades her to elope with him. In the city, he meets the woman he was seeing already, and tries to work around the complication to steal Tillie\'s money. He gets Tillie drunk in a restaurant and asks her to let him hold the pocketbook. Since she is drunk, she agrees, and he escapes with his old girlfriend and the money. Later that day, they see a picture show entitled "A Thief\'s Fate," which illustrates their thievery in the form of a morality play. They both feel guilty and leave the theatre. While sitting on a park bench, a paperboy asks him to buy a newspaper. He does so, and reads the story about Tillie\'s Uncle Banks, a millionaire who died while on a mountain-climbing expedition. Tillie is named sole heir and inherits three million dollars. The man leaves his girlfriend on the park bench and runs to the restaurant, where Tillie is now forced to work to support herself, as she is too embarrassed to go home. He begs her to take him back and marries her. Although she is skeptical at first, she believes that he truly loves her. They move into the uncle\'s mansion and throw a big party, which ends horribly when Tillie finds her husband with his old girlfriend, smuggled into the house and working as one of their maids. The uncle is found on a mountaintop, and didn\'t die after all. He goes back to his mansion, which was in disarray after Tillie instigated a gunfight  which, luckily, didn\'t harm anyone. Uncle Banks insists that Tillie be arrested for the damage she has caused to his house. The three run from the cops all the way to a dock, where a car "bumps" Tillie into the water. She flails about, hoping to be rescued. She is eventually pulled to safety, and both Tillie and the man\'s girlfriend realize that they are too good for him. He leaves, and the two girls become friends.'] ['Dr. Frederick Frankenstein  is a respected lecturer at an American medical school and engaged to the tightly wound Elizabeth . He becomes exasperated when anyone brings up the subject of his grandfather, the infamous mad scientist. To disassociate himself from his legacy, Frederick insists that his surname be pronounced "Fronk-en-steen". When a solicitor informs him that he has inherited his family\'s estate in Transylvania after the death of his great grandfather, the Baron von Frankenstein, Frederick travels to Europe to inspect the property. At the Transylvania train station, he is met by a hunchbacked, bulging-eyed servant named Igor , who is there to drive Frederick in a wagon to the Frankenstein estate, but not before mocking Frederick\'s pretensions by insisting that his name be pronounced as "eye-gore." Accompanying Igor in the wagon is another servant, a lovely young woman named Inga . Upon arrival at the estate, Frederick meets the forbidding housekeeper Frau Blücher , whose name causes horses to rear up in fright. Though his family legacy has brought shame and ridicule, Frederick becomes increasingly intrigued about his grandfather\'s work, especially after Inga assists him in discovering the secret entrance to his grandfather\'s laboratory. Upon reading his grandfather\'s private journals, Frederick is so transformed that he decides to resume his grandfather\'s experiments in re-animating the dead. He and Igor resort to robbing the grave of a recently executed criminal, and Frederick sets to work experimenting on the large corpse. Matters go awry, however, when Igor is sent to steal the brain of a deceased revered scientist; startled by lightning, he drops the correct brain on the floor and instead returns with an "abnormal" brain (which he subsequently refers to as "A-b , which Frederick unknowingly transplants into the corpse. Soon, Frederick is ready to re-animate his creature , who is elevated on a platform to the roof of the laboratory during a lightning storm. Eventually, electrical charges bring the creature to life. The Monster makes its first halting steps, but, frightened by Igor lighting a match, attacks Frederick and must be sedated. Upon being asked whose brain was obtained, Igor confesses that he supplied "Abby Normal\'s" brain , whereupon Frederick attempts to strangle him. The townspeople are uneasy at the possibility of Frederick continuing his grandfather\'s work. Most concerned is Inspector Kemp , a police official who sports an eyepatch and monocle over the same eye, a creaky, disjointed wooden arm, and an accent so comically thick even his own countrymen cannot understand him. Kemp visits the doctor and subsequently demands assurance that he will not create another monster. Upon returning to the lab, Frederick discovers that Frau Blücher is setting the creature free. After she reveals the Monster\'s love of violin music, and her own romantic relationship with Frederick\'s grandfather, the creature is enraged by sparks from a thrown switch, and escapes from the Frankenstein castle. While roaming the countryside, the Monster has frustrating encounters with a young girl and a blind hermit ; these scenes directly parody the original Frankenstein movies. Frederick recaptures the Monster and locks the two of them in a room, where he calms the Monster\'s homicidal tendencies with flattery and fully acknowledges his own heritage, even shouting out emphatically, "My name is Frankenstein!" . Frederick offers the sight of "The Creature" following simple commands to a theater full of illustrious guests. The demonstration continues with Frederick and the Monster launching into the musical number "Puttin\' on the Ritz", complete with top hats and tails. Although the monster can only shout his song lines in painfully high-pitched monotones, he dances impressively with almost perfect timing. The routine ends disastrously, however, when a stage light explodes and frightens the Monster, who becomes enraged, pushes Frederick, and charges into the audience, where he is captured and chained by police. The Monster escapes, then kidnaps and ravishes the not unwilling Elizabeth when she arrives unexpectedly for a visit. Elizabeth falls in love with the creature due to his inhuman stamina and his enormous penis . The townspeople hunt for the monster. Desperate to get the creature back, Frederick plays the violin to lure his creation back to the castle. Just as the Kemp-led mob storms the laboratory, Frankenstein transfers some of his stabilizing intellect to the creature who, as a result, is able to reason with and placate the mob.  The film ends happily, with Elizabeth married to the now erudite and sophisticated Monster, while Inga joyfully learns what her new husband Frederick got in return during the transfer procedure .'] ["Seventeen-year-old Susan Turner  develops a crush on Richard Nugent , a sophisticated bachelor who gives a lecture on art at her high school. Susan's uncle, a psychiatrist, believes Richard is an innocent bystander, but manages to persuade him to play along with Susan until the infatuation ends. He reluctantly agrees. When his efforts to shake her off fail, he throws himself into the charade, hoping Susan's older sister Margaret  will put an end to the affair. The film ends with Nugent and Margaret falling in love and Susan returning happily to her high school sweetheart, Jerry ."] ['Bud Jones  and Lou Hotchkiss  are wrestling promoters. Their star, Abdullah , no longer wishes to follow the script for their crooked matches, especially since he is supposed to lose his next match. Abdullah leaves America to return to his homeland, Algeria. The promoters\' financiers, a syndicate that has lent them $5,000 to bring Abdullah to the States, are now requiring them to return the money or face the consequences. The two men follow Abdullah to Algeria in hopes of bringing him back. Meanwhile, Abdullah\'s cousin, Sheik Hamud El Khalid  and a crooked Foreign Legionnaire, Sergeant Axmann , have been raiding a railroad construction site in order to extort "protection" money from the railroad company. When Bud and Lou arrive, they are mistaken for company spies, and the Sheik and Axmann attempt to murder them. As each attempt fails, the assassins\' hatred for Bud and Lou intensifies, especially when Lou outbids the Sheik for six slave girls, one of whom, Nicole , is actually a French spy assigned to gain entry into the Sheik\'s camp. The boys are then chased, only to wind up hiding at the Foreign Legion headquarters, where Axmann convinces them to join. Meanwhile, the Foreign Legion Commandant  suspects that there is a traitor among the Legionnaires, as the Sheik anticipates every one of the Legion\'s moves . The Commandant then grants Bud and Lou a pass into town where they meet up with Nicole. She informs them that they must search Axmann\'s room for proof that he is a traitor, but he catches them in the act. However, they are spared, only to end up at a Legionnaire desert camp. Just before the camp is ambushed by the Sheik\'s men, Bud and Lou wander off in search of a camel, and escape death. They are eventually captured, along with Nicole, who is put in Sheik Hamud\'s harem. The Shiek orders that one of his wrestlers execute them. The wrestler turns out to be Abdullah, who helps them escape. They head to Fort Apar, where they lure the Sheik\'s men, and blow it up. They are given awards by the Commandant and honourably discharged from the Legion. Lou thanks Nicole for helping them and gives his award to her before they leave, only for Bud to find out that Lou is taking the six slave girls with them back to the States.'] ["Once upon a time, in the kingdom of Fortunia, a noble king and his lovely young queen lack but one blessing to make their joy complete. The queen gives birth to a daughter named Snow White, but dies soon after. The king mourns her, but in time, he remarries because of the pleading of his people. His new Queen is a beautiful, but evil woman who soon becomes jealous of Snow White's beauty. On her 17th birthday, Snow White's father dies and the wicked queen immediately imprisons her. Eventually, the queen's jealousy of her stepdaughter becomes so great that she orders her killed. Snow White escapes her hired assassin and finds refuge in the empty cottage of the seven dwarfs, soon to be joined by the Three Stooges, who are traveling to the castle with their ward Quatro. But the boy they have raised since childhood  is in reality Prince Charming, who though he has lost his memory, is betrothed to Snow White. Snow White and the Prince fall in love, but the queen has him kidnapped when she suspects his true identity. The Stooges, disguised as cooks, attempt to rescue him, but he falls from a staircase in the palace and is presumed dead. Meanwhile, the queen learns from her magic mirror that Snow White is still alive. With the help of her magician, Count Oga, she transforms herself into a witch and succeeds in getting Snow White to take a bite from a poisoned apple.  As she rides back to the palace, she encounters the Stooges, and thanks to an inadvertent wish they make on a magic sword , she crashes her broom into a mountainside and falls to her death. The Stooges then find the poisoned Snow White, but they do not bury her. Instead, they place her on a bed, and pray to her each day. Meanwhile, the Prince  has not died from his fall. Instead, he is saved by a group of men who want to revolt against the Evil Queen's rule over Fortunia. As the prince recovers, he realizes that his memory has returned, and so he knows that he is indeed a Prince, and that Snow White is the princess he was destined to marry. After leading a successful revolt which places him on the throne of Fortunia, the prince sends out searchers to find Snow White and the Stooges, unaware that, thanks to yet another inadvertent wish on Count Oga's sword, they are no longer in the country of Fortunia. All searches are fruitless, and Prince Charming is close to giving up hope when he learns of the Evil Queen's magic mirror. The mirror responds truthfully to the desperate Prince's pleas, and the Prince sets off on his journey. He arrives at the Stooges' cabin just in time to dispel the effects of the poisoned apple. Snow White and Prince Charming are married and live happily ever after."] ['Shemp has died and is in heaven, talking with his Uncle Mortimer . Mortimer is on the phone checking to see if Shemp will remain in Heaven or Hell, and it does not look good. Furthermore, it comes to light that cousins Moe and Larry have also not been on their best behavior. Seeing this as an opportunity for his deceased nephew, Uncle Mortimer gives Shemp the chance to reform Moe and Larry from their evil ways so he can gain entry to Heaven. The catch is that Shemp cannot be seen nor heard by anyone on Earth, much to his delight. Back on Earth, Moe and Larry are crying their eyes out while attending the reading of Shemp\'s will with their attorney, I. Fleecem . Seems that Shemp has left behind a grand total of $140, which is $10 less than Fleecem\'s fee of $150. The boys grumble about not having much dough, but invisible Shemp swipes the money back from Fleecem, putting it in Moe and Larry\'s pockets. When they realize money has magically reappeared, they get spooked, and then remember Shemp saying he would come back to haunt them. They brush this off, but do not completely clear their heads of Shemp\'s ghostly presence. Afterwards, Moe and Larry rent a luxury apartment, complete with butler Spiffingham , and rent tuxedos. The boys have a grand scheme that involves the conning of wealthy couple the DePuysters  into buying a fountain pen that will write under whipped cream. Shemp enters the luxurious apartment and terrorises Spiffingham the Butler into leaving. He then smacks Moe and Larry to let them know he is there. Though their butler has run off, Moe and Larry remain, but frightened. The DePuysters show up, and promptly receive dollops of cream in their face when Shemp turns the mixer to "high." After the mixer catches fire, Shemp begins yelling. A few moments later, he awakes, realizing this was all a dream, but then, to his horror, he discovers that the bed is on fire from a cigarette he was smoking. Moe hits him with a cream pie-and Larry gives him a pen and tells Shemp to write himself a letter .'] ['Graeme Willy and Clive Gollings  are two British comic book enthusiasts and best friends who have traveled to the United States to attend the annual San Diego Comic-Con International and to take a road trip in their RV to visit sites of major extraterrestrial importance. When stopping for something to eat they meet two rednecks and when Graeme laughs with them they start tormenting him. They leave quickly and dent the rednecks\' truck. At night, along the highway, they notice lights following them. Wrongly thinking the lights to be from the rednecks\' dented truck they speed up, but it\'s actually a car that passes them and then crashes. They investigate the damaged car, and discover an alien named Paul , who is in desperate need of help. Although shocked by the appearance of Paul, Graeme agrees to give Paul a ride, but Clive  is displeased about not being consulted about the idea. Later, United States Secret Service Agent Lorenzo Zoil  arrives at the site of the crashed car and informs his mysterious female superior, called the "Big Guy", over the radio that he is closing in on Paul, and she recommends using local law enforcement as back-up. She then recruits two inept rookie agents, Haggard  and O\'Reilly , to aid in his mission, without informing them about the nature of their target. Zoil assures the Big Guy he can handle the problem himself, but the rookies are employed anyway. Graeme, Clive and Paul pull into an RV park run by Ruth Buggs , a Christian fundamentalist, and her over-bearing father, Moses . The trio bond around their camp grill and Paul reveals that since he was captured by the government, he had been advising them in all manner of scientific and sociological achievements. Having divulged everything that he knows, Paul has outlived his usefulness as a receptacle of knowledge, thus his captors intended to surgically remove Paul\'s brain and harvest his stem cells, in an attempt to harness his physical abilities . With the help from a friend inside Area&nbsp;51, Paul sent an SOS to his home planet and was escaping to rendezvous with them. The next morning, Paul intentionally reveals himself to Ruth during a theological discussion which turns into an argument, and the trio are forced to kidnap her and make a hasty escape. Moses sees Paul while the alien is trying to collect Clive\'s passport , and, believing him to be a demon, grabs his shotgun and chases after them in his truck. Paul shatters Ruth\'s faith by sharing his knowledge of the universe via a telepathic link; at first horrified, Ruth suddenly becomes eager to sin, which her father had raised her to fear doing. She initially does not trust Paul, but he heals her left eye, in which she was blind from the age of four. When the foursome stop at a bar to rest, Ruth tries to make a phone call to her dad, but Zoil answers, as part of the operation to capture Paul. At the end of the phone call, in which Ruth gives no information, she runs into the rednecks, who show an ill-received interest in her. She evades them, and informs Graeme and Clive they need to leave. At this point, the rednecks run into the men again, and a fight starts. Moses is also at the bar, and he sees Ruth, but notices her eye. As he is so stunned, he fails to react and loses track of the trio as they dash for the RV. The rednecks chase them down, but Paul appears outside the RV. The two rednecks faint and they drive away. Later that night, Paul, Graeme, Ruth and Clive sit down together near an RV park. Ruth falls asleep but goes back to the RV. In the morning, Graeme and Clive find it difficult to hide Paul from a busy town. Paul goes into a comic book store with Clive as Graeme goes to pick up Ruth. Paul has to pose as a statue there while they wait. Meanwhile, Ruth was asked questions by Agent Zoil, but lied and said she knew nothing of a one-eyed girl or two British "nerds". She and Graeme then drive into town to pick up Clive and Paul, but Paul had been exposed after he was caught by O\'Reilly. Clive and Paul jump into the RV and narrowly escape the town; Haggard and O\'Reilly report to Zoil. The rookies are asked to return to the base, but they want to catch the alien themselves. Moses is also in town, still trying to steal Ruth back, so he chases the RV. Clive and Graeme stop to buy fireworks at a shop but end up stealing them after Clive realizes they have no more American money. Paul eventually reveals his intention to return to Tara Walton , a girl whose dog he crashed his ship on in 1947 and who subsequently saved his life, who is now an old woman. After spending her life being ridiculed for what she said she saw, Tara is grateful to see that Paul exists. She turns her gas cooker on to make tea, but is interrupted by Haggard and O\'Reilly on one side of the house, and Zoil on the other. As the motley crew escapes and drives off with Paul, O\'Reilly shoots at them, and the gas ignites, destroying Tara\'s house and killing O\'Reilly. A winded Zoil attempts to follow, but Haggard takes off first, shooting at Moses, running him off the road and catching up to the RV. However, due to an error in judgement, Haggard accidentally drives off a cliff and is killed, leaving Zoil as the last remaining agent in pursuit. He reassures the Big Guy that he will have Paul within an hour, but she declares herself tired of waiting, and informs Zoil that she has ordered a military response. When Paul, Graeme, Clive, Ruth and Tara arrive at the rendezvous, they set off a signal and wait. Eventually, eerie orange lights show up over the surrounding trees, and everyone believes that it is Paul\'s rescue ship. However, it is an army helicopter, with the Big Guy  on board. As she and three troops move to shoot Paul, Zoil arrives, and it is revealed that he was Paul\'s inside contact who helped him to escape. Zoil disarms the men, but is shot in the shoulder by the Big Guy. Tara punches out the Big Guy, but Moses appears with his shotgun and mortally wounds Graeme while aiming at Paul. Paul heals him and collapses, briefly appearing to be dead before he quickly recovers; Moses proclaims this to be a miracle from God. The Big Guy regains consciousness, but is immediately crushed by the arriving alien ship. Paul begins to depart and informs Tara that she is coming with him to live a better life. He bids farewell to his friends, hoping to meet them again one day. Two years later, Graeme, Clive, Ruth and O\'Reilly, who is revealed to have survived the explosion, are shown again at the Comic-Con convention, where Graeme and Clive are promoting Paul, their new hit novel.'] ["The time is the 1890s, and the place is San Francisco. George Ball  and Tom Watson  are firemen who rescue 'Nugget' Joe McDermott  from committing suicide by drowning. Joe wants to die because his girlfriend, Rosette  no longer loves him. The boys keep an eye on him and Joe is thankful for it after receiving a telegram the next morning from Rosette claiming that she still loves him. George and Tom take their gold reward to the bank when they learn the police mistakenly believe Joe was murdered for his gold that night by the two men who actually rescued. They catch up to Joe on his boat for the Yukon and try to get him down to the police station only to see the ship depart San Francisco with all three of them on it. Joe returns to Alaska, with George and Tom anxious to get him back to San Francisco to clear their names. Once they arrive, it is learned that many people want to kill Joe, as he was once the local sheriff who had many people hanged. They also find that a group of Joe's old friends also want him dead as they are the beneficiaries of his will. Rosette works at a casino whose owner, Jake Stillman , demands that she marry Joe, whom Jake also plans to kill once he is married to Rosette, so that he can gain the fortune in gold. Rosette reveals Jake's intent to George and Tom, who hide Joe and Rosette by sending them out of town. Jake is not happy about this turn of events and sends his gang to deal with George and Tom, who manage to outwit them. In the ensuing melee, the gold falls into a deep crevice in the ice, and is lost. Everyone manages to overcome their greed for the sake of friendship, and Joe and Rosette marry."] ["Freddie Franklin  and Peter Patterson  are Americans who are stranded in Cairo, Egypt. They happen to overhear Dr. Gustav Zoomer  discussing the mummy Klaris, the guardian of the Tomb of Princess Ara. Apparently the mummy has a sacred medallion that shows where the treasure of Princess Ara can be found. The Followers of Klaris, led by Semu ([[Richard Deacon , overhear the conversation along with Madame Rontru , a business woman interested in stealing the treasure of Princess Ara. Pete and Freddie go to the doctor's house to apply for the position to accompany the mummy back to America. However, two of Semu's men, Iben  and Hetsut , murder the doctor and steal the mummy just before Pete and Freddie arrive. However, the medallion has been left behind and is found by Pete and Freddie, who attempt to sell it. Rontru offers them $100, but Pete suspects it is worth much more and asks for $5,000, which Rontru agrees to pay. She tells them to meet her at the Cairo Café, where Pete and Freddie learn from a waiter that the medallion is cursed. They frantically try to give it to one another , until it winds up in Freddie's hamburger and he swallows it. Rontru arrives and drags them to a doctor's office to get a look at the medallion under a fluoroscope. However, she cannot read the medallion's inscribed instructions, which are in hieroglyphics. Semu arrives, claiming to be an archaeologist, and offers to guide them all to the tomb. Meanwhile, Semu's followers have returned life to Klaris. They arrive at the tomb, where Freddie learns of Semu's plans to murder them all. Rontru captures Semu, and one of her men, Charlie , disguises himself as a mummy and enters the temple. Pete follows suit by disguising himself as a mummy, and he and Freddie rescue Semu. Eventually all three mummies are in the same place at the same time, and the dynamite that Rontru intends to use to dig up the treasure detonates, killing Klaris and revealing the treasure. Freddie and Pete convince Semu to turn the temple into a nightclub to preserve the legend of Klaris and the three criminals who wanted to steal the treasure are presumably arrested."] ['In his New York City apartment, a young boy named Josh Morrison  stares through his telescope at an object falling from the sky. It is a golf-ball-sized metal ball which flies through the window and lands in his fishbowl, quickly draining the water. He decides to show it at his school\'s science class presentation. Some months later a massive fireball crashes into the water near Liberty Island. It is revealed to be a spaceship which resembles a human , controlled by 100 tiny humanoid aliens. Its Captain  pilots the spaceship from the command deck located in its head, with the help of his second-in-command Number 2 , and researcher Number 3 . The spaceship looks very human, but the aliens don\'t know how to act in society and the ship displays numerous superpowers. A superstitious cop named Dooley  desperately searches for the alien. The aliens need to save their planet, Nil, from an energy crisis. They need salt, which they plan to take by draining the Earth\'s oceans using the metal ball, so they have to recover it. After the spaceship is hit by Josh\'s single mother Gina Morrison  and her car, the Captain decides to befriend Gina and Josh, telling them his name is Dave Ming Cheng, based on a quick scan of common Earth names, and Gina\'s comment that he looks more like a Dave than a Ming Cheng. They then see their missing ball in a photograph taken at the science presentation. After having breakfast with Gina, "Dave" goes to Josh\'s school where he pretends to be a substitute teacher and eventually is able to talk to Josh alone. Josh tells him that the ball was taken from him by a bully. With Josh\'s help, Dave takes the metal ball back from the bully. The Captain  spends some time with Josh and Gina and realizes that humans are more advanced than they thought, having feelings and love, such as witnessing Gina\'s painting or a homeless man offering to share his blanket with Dave when he sleeps in a doorway. He decides to cancel the plan to drain the oceans because it would destroy life on Earth. The police track Dave down using the impression of his face found in the dirt at the crash site and they arrest him. After spending too much time on Earth, most of the crew begins to exhibit new "feelings". For example, Number 4, the security guard, begins to realize that he is gay. Number 2 decides that the captain and the rest of the crew\'s changing behavior is unacceptable so he takes command and imprisons the Captain. Under Number 2\'s command, Dave breaks out of the police station and they try to arrest him again. Number 3, who has become infatuated with the Captain, becomes jealous of Gina. She first cooperates in the command change but later agrees with the Captain\'s view on humans. Both are caught by Number 2, and they are expelled from the spaceship. In the meantime, Number 17 ([[Kevin Hart , drunk from the alcohol Dave has imbibed, jumps out. The Captain apologizes to Number 3 for ignoring her. He admits that he too loves her and wants to be with her. Back at the police station, Dooley discovers Number 17 in his coffee and interrogates him to find out where Dave is going. Number 2 takes Dave to the harbor, where he tries to throw the metal orb into the ocean, but is stopped by the Captain and Number 3, who managed to gain reentry back onto the ship. They convince the rest of the crew that the real Captain is in charge again. Reinstated, he orders Number 2 to be stuck in the ship\'s "butt" forever. The metal orb meanwhile slips out of Dave\'s hand and rolls into the ocean. The Captain attempts to retrieve the orb but is told that they only have enough power to either retrieve it or return home. The Captain decides to save the Earth and the rest of the crew agrees. The ball, thrown in the ocean by Number 2, is retrieved. Dave powers down while Dooley and his partner catch up and point their guns at him. With no power, Dave\'s shields are disabled, leaving the crew defenseless. Josh tries to tell the police officers that Dave is harmless but is ignored. He then grabs Dooley\'s taser which he uses on Dave, recharging him. The captain and Number 3 reveal themselves to the police officers who stand down. Number 1 says goodbye to Josh and Gina saying he now understands love. Number 17 is allowed to enter Dave. About to fly away, a team from the FBI arrives and throws a net over Dave. While the FBI agents wrestle the body down, "Dave\'s" crew evacuates to one of the ship\'s "lifeboat" shoes, activate the engines, detaches the shoe and heads home to Nil. While in the lifeboat, The captain asks for Number 3\'s hand in marriage. She accepts and they kiss.'] [' Investment banker Harold Lee  is persuaded by his colleagues Billy and JD to do their work as they leave for the weekend. Elsewhere, Kumar Patel  attends a medical school interview at the behest of his father but intentionally botches it to avoid gaining a place. Arriving home, Harold meets his neighbor Maria  but is unable to admit his feelings for her. After smoking marijuana with Kumar and seeing an advertisement for White Castle, the pair decide to get hamburgers to satisfy their hunger. Traveling to the location of the nearest White Castle, the pair find it has been replaced by "Burger Shack" but are informed that there is another White Castle in Cherry Hill. When Kumar begins to become sober, he suggests stopping at Princeton University to buy marijuana. Kumar buys marijuana from a student named Bradley  while Harold deals with the attention of Korean students admirable of his job. After smoking more marijuana together, Harold and Kumar are discovered by a campus security guard and forced to flee, losing their bag of marijuana. While the guards chase the pair, they discover Bradley\'s own marijuana and have him arrested. Harold and Kumar resume their drive, and Kumar pulls over to urinate. He leaves the car door open, allowing a raccoon to sneak in. It bites Harold, who convinces Kumar to take him to a hospital where Kumar\'s father and brother work. Kumar steals ID badges from his father and brother to obtain medical marijuana, but is mistaken for his brother and forced to perform surgery on a gunshot victim. After Kumar treats the man\'s wounds almost effortlessly, the patient tells them how to reach White Castle and the duo continues their quest. On the road, Kumar spots Maria. He decides to get her attention so Harold can talk to her, but Harold panics and presses the accelerator, causing the car to crash into a ditch. They are rescued by Randy, a heavily-disfigured tow-truck driver nicknamed "Freakshow" . He takes them to his house to repair their car and says that they can make themselves at home and have sex with his wife. Harold and Kumar are propositioned by Freakshow\'s wife  but after Freakshow suggests a foursome, Harold and Kumar flee. Noticing a hitchhiker along the road, Kumar decides to stop and pick him up. The hitchhiker is Neil Patrick Harris, who is high on ecstasy. When Harold and Kumar head into a convenience store to get directions, Harris drives away in Harold\'s car. Attempting to hit Kumar in anger, Harold accidentally punches a racist police officer and is arrested. In jail, Harold sees Bradley being released and his stash confiscated. Kumar fakes a 911 call to draw the police away before breaking into the station to free Harold. As the police return, Harold and Kumar again flee, taking Bradley\'s stash. The pair encounter an escaped cheetah and, after smoking marijuana with it, ride it. Harold and Kumar find a hot dog restaurant and see their neighbors Goldstein  and Rosenberg  eating hot dogs and looking happy. Harold decides he wants the feeling of satisfaction from achieving their goal. After encountering a group of sport punks who routinely harass the pair, Harold and Kumar steal their truck. A police officer spots the speeding truck and gives pursuit. They briefly elude the officer but become trapped at the edge of a cliff. Spotting the White Castle below, Harold and Kumar use a hang glider from the truck to reach their destination. The pair place their orders but find they have no money. Harris appears, apologizes for his actions and provides them with cash for their meal and for repairs to Harold\'s car. Kumar realizes he wants to be a doctor, but is afraid of conforming to the stereotype of Indians becoming doctors. As Kumar is talking Harold notices his co-workers pull up with two women and becomes angry because they said they had to work with clients that night but in reality were out partying. He confronts them for leaving their work to him, and threatens to get them fired and humiliated if it happens again. After returning to their apartment building they encounter Maria in the hallway, waiting for the elevator. Harold professes his love for her and they kiss. She informs Harold that she is leaving to visit Amsterdam but that they will talk when she returns ten days later. Kumar convinces Harold to go with him to Amsterdam to pursue Maria, reminding him that marijuana is legal in the Netherlands.'] ['The film takes place in 2000 in the fictional town of Spurbury, Vermont, near the Canadian border. The plot centers on five Vermont State Troopers who seem to have more of a knack for pranks than actual police work. The experienced Troopers, Thorn, Mac, and Foster, spend most of their time devising new ways of messing with the heads of the people they pull over and hazing the new recruit, "Rabbit". They also find time to torment their easily infuriated radio dispatcher, Rodney Farva, who has been removed from patrol work because he was involved in a fight with several students during a  traffic stop of a schoolbus . Their days of pranking and slacking off are cut short when the Troopers suddenly find their post and their jobs threatened by the state\'s impending budget cuts. The troopers have an ongoing rivalry with the local Spurbury Police Department. They repeatedly enter conflicts with them; one such dispute breaks out into an all-out fistfight, further increasing the station\'s chances of being shut down. Their chances to keep their station improve when they uncover a possible drug smuggling ring. When they suspect a connection to a murder investigation by the local police, State Trooper Captain O\'Hagan ([[Brian Cox  tries to get Spurbury Police Chief Grady to cooperate, but Grady wants the trooper station shut down so his department can have a bigger budget. Foster secretly develops a relationship with Ursula, the Spurbury Police dispatcher, and together they find a stash of confiscated marijuana hidden in the Spurbury impound. Ursula suggests stealing the marijuana from the impound and showing it to the Governor  during a banquet so they can convince her to keep the trooper station open. However, Grady foils their plan by showing the marijuana to the Governor himself during the banquet, putting Foster and Ursula at odds with each other when Foster suspects that Ursula leaked the plan to Grady. The now-unemployed troopers learn that it was Farva, not Ursula, who informed Grady in exchange for a transfer to the local police. Farva\'s motivation arose from his constant belittlement by the other troopers, but he relents and wants to make amends. The troopers learn that the Spurbury Police runs protection for the drug smuggling ring. The former troopers and Ursula expose the corrupt policemen and smugglers and bring them to justice. Unfortunately their actions are not enough to earn reinstatement of their trooper unit because of the budget cuts. Three months later, Thorn and Rabbit are working as beer delivery men. They go to a house party run by a group of college kids whom they had previously arrested for marijuana possession. The underage college kids are at first panicked to see them, but begin vengefully tormenting them when they realize they are no longer state troopers. Thorn and Rabbit then take off their delivery clothes to reveal they are actually Spurbury Police officers, having replaced their corrupt predecessors, and are now free to continue their shenanigans, much to the college kids\' discomfort.'] ["Set at an army post in Kentucky at the end of 1944,{{cite web}} Vic Puccinelli and Alvin Korwin are former nightclub partners who are now enlisted in the United States Army. First Sergeant Puccinelli  now ranks above his former equal, Private First Class Korwin . Puccinelli is desperately trying to get transferred from his dull job to active duty overseas, but is not only refused transfer but is to be commissioned a Warrant Officer. Meanwhile, Korwin desperately wants a pass to see his wife and new baby. In addition, they both have to rehearse for the Army's talent show and avoid the wrath of Alvin's platoon sergeant, Sergeant McVey . Along the way they both sing a few songs, and they do an impression of Bing Crosby and Barry Fitzgerald by recreating a scene from Going My Way for the talent show. Further complications include a Post Exchange worker who is pregnant, a company commander who gets all his information from his wife. a scheming supply sergeant, and a defective Coca Cola machine."] ['In order to own an entire slum area of Los Angeles so he can tear it down, a callous, rich businessman, Goddard Bolt , CEO of Bolt Enterprises, makes a bet with his biggest rival, Vance Crasswell  At no time can he reveal to any of the slum area residents that he is Goddard Bolt. If he succeeds, Bolt will gain the neighborhood for almost nothing. Crasswell schemes to make Bolt\'s stay on the streets as bad as can be. Bolt, homeless, hungry and filthy, is befriended by skid-row inhabitants like Sailor  and Fumes  and given the nickname "Pepto" after falling asleep in a crate with a Pepto-Bismol logo on its side. In the process, he also falls in love with Molly , a homeless woman who used to be a dancer on Broadway. During a scuffle with two muggers, Bolt is pushed out of bounds. To prevent his anklet from activating, he charges back in towards the thugs, which impresses Molly with his supposed bravery. Bolt learns important life lessons during his \'adventure,\' unaware that the unscrupulous Crasswell has no intention of honoring their bet, the latter having bribed Bolt\'s lawyers into fabricating the story that Bolt had lost his mind.'] ["Lucas  has been in prison for armed robbery. On the day he is released, he gets taken hostage by Ned Perry , an incompetent, novice criminal who robs the bank  at the moment Lucas just happens to be there. Detective Duggan  assumes they must be in it together and sets about tracking them down. Several chases, an accidental shooting, treatment from a crazy vet and other capers follow, all the while Lucas trying to ditch his idiotic companion and prove his own innocence. Whilst avoiding the law, the two form an unlikely partnership to help cure the silent Meg and make good their escape. They rescue Meg from the care home she's in  and flee for Canada, pretending to be a married couple with a son. All appears to end well. However, in the closing scene, Perry enters a Canadian bank to change some currency only to find himself taken hostage by a different bank robber in the same manner he originally kidnapped Lucas. Because of this unexpected development, Lucas does not need to say goodbye to Meg, with whom he has formed a bond."] ['{{Cleanup-rewrite}} The film begins at Flemner Air Base 20 years prior. A pilot named Leland "Buzz" Harley  loses control of his plane and ejects, leaving his co-pilot Dominic "Mailman" Farnum  to crash alone; although Mailman survives, he\'s mistaken for a deer owing to the branches stuck to his helmet and is shot by a hunter. Topper Harley  wakes up from a nightmare he\'s having about the event when Lt. Commander Block  asks him to return to active duty as a pilot in the U.S. Navy, to help on a new top secret mission: Operation Sleepy Weasel. Harley starts to show some psychological problems, especially when his father is mentioned. His therapist, Ramada , tries to keep Topper from flying, but he relents, and also starts to build a budding romance with her. Meanwhile, Topper gets into a rivalry with another fighter pilot, Kent Gregory , who hates Topper because of the loss of his father "Mailman" to Buzz Harley, and believes Topper may do the same to him. Meanwhile, Block starts privately meeting with an airplane tycoon, Mr. Wilson, who has recently built a new "Super Fighter" that will make the American pilots superior. Block reveals that he brought back Topper for the reason of making Sleepy Weasel fail. Block would then report that it was the Navy\'s planes that were the real reason for the mission failure and that they need to be replaced with Wilson\'s planes. During one of the last training missions, an unfortunate accident between Pete "Dead Meat" Thompson ([[William O\'Leary  and Jim "Wash-Out" Pfaffenbach  occurs, leaving Dead Meat dead and Wash Out reassigned to radar operator. Block believes this is enough to convince the Navy to buy new fighters, but Wilson brushes it aside as a "minor incident," and the planes need to fail in combat to take notice. Meanwhile, Topper starts to show more and more feelings to Ramada, but she is also smitten with Gregory, who believes Topper cannot handle combat pressure. On the carrier U.S.S. Essess, Block reveals the mission to be an attack of an Iraqi nuclear plant and assigns Topper to lead the mission, much to Gregory\'s chagrin. Meanwhile, Wilson, who is also on board, coerces a crew member to sabotage the planes, putting the pilots\' lives at risk. At first, the mission goes according to Block\'s plan. He mentions Buzz Harley to Topper, who becomes overcome with emotion and unable to lead the mission. Block just starts to call out for the mission to be aborted when Iraqi fighters attack the squadron. All the planes\' weapons fail and Block realizes what has happened. He then tells Topper that he saw what really happened with Buzz and Mailman, that Buzz tried to do everything possible to save Mailman, but ended up falling out of the plane, failing in his attempts. Inspired, Topper single-handedly beats the Iraqi fighters and bombs the nuclear plant, despite sustaining heavy damage. Back aboard ship, Block decides that American planes will always be superior with pilots like Topper . Wilson\'s plan is revealed and his standing with the military is lost. Back in port, Gregory accepts Topper as a great pilot and lets Ramada be with Topper and the two begin a loving new relationship.'] ['Jerome Littlefield  is an orderly at the Whitestone Sanatorium and Hospital who suffers from "neurotic identification empathy" -- a psychosomatic problem that causes him to suffer the symptoms of others and interferes with his ability to function effectively on the job. His unwitting propensity for slapstick-style mayhem sorely tries the patience of Dr. Howard  and Nurse Higgins . When his high school crush Susan Andrews  is admitted to the hospital after a suicide attempt, Jerome gradually comes to the realization that his problem is a result of his years-long obsession with her. While he fails to establish a romantic relationship with Susan, he does lift her spirits, thus banishing any thought of suicide and giving her the will to live. A runaway gurney is chased by several ambulances and causes the destruction of ceiling-high canned goods displays in a grocery store. Littlefield is cured of his problem, reunited with his girlfriend Julie , and looking forward to resuming his interrupted medical school career.'] ["A B-grade stage actor is convinced to play the role of a butler for a Western family who are about to host President Theodore Roosevelt. The deception is eventually uncovered, and the actor and the family's daughter eventually fall in love."] ['The rich Mrs. Tuttle  is upset that her daughter Barbara  is engaged to a man beneath their social stature, Norman Phiffier . Phiffier, a dog walker, is as awkward socially as he is physically. Mrs. Tuttle despises Phiffier but she arranges for him to get a job at one of her stores. She directs the store manager, Quimby , to assign Phiffier a series of impossible and outrageous tasks, hoping he will become frustrated and quit, proving to her daughter that he is worthless. Instead, he becomes more driven and determined, with Quimby realizing that "he\'s a man of character." Barbara has been keeping her millionaire status as the sole heir to the Tuttle Department Store fortune a secret from Phiffier, knowing he is a proud person who refuses to marry her until he can afford to buy her a home. When her identity as an heiress is revealed, Phiffier breaks off the engagement and quits, returning to his previous job as dog walker. Phiffier in this way does prove his worth to Mrs. Tuttle and she accepts him into her family.'] ['{{Expand section}} A group of British pioneers decide to take part in the 1898 Alaska and Yukon goldrush having read about it in the newspaper which wrapped up their fish and chips. Their main problem is that it is now 1939.'] ["Antoine Brisebard, a famous comedy playwright, is struggling with financial difficulties and is preparing to sell his country villa to an English couple. What no one knows, however, is that Brisebard is actually a victim of blackmail since his wife Sylvie, a famous actress, is the daughter of a notorious robber-murderer. His malevolent is a criminal extortionist only known as Jo, who visits him often to pick up his hush money. But faced with certain ruin, Brisebard is preparing to do away with Jo once and for all, planning his deed under the guise of him trying to write the script for a crime play and consulting his friend, attorney Colas, for ideas of how to efficiently get rid of the body. He finally takes up the offer of one Tonelotti to erect a garden pavillon, whose foundation would provide the ideal hiding place for the corpse. On the night Jo is scheduled to arrive for his next payment, Brisebard awaits the arrival with a gun and shoots him. But it is only then that things turn really diffiult: police inspector Ducros, who has found out about Jo's operation and Brisebard's involvement in it, starts noseying around, telling Brisebard that Jo had already been murdered at the time he was supposed to come to the villa ; the pavillon foundation proves to be too shoddy, forcing Brisebard to hide the body elsewhere; a lot of unwanted houseguests keep coming and going; and finally, Riri's body stubbornly refuses to remain hidden. Even with the help of his wife, whom he finally tells everything, the task of getting rid of the body becomes an outright daunting - and nerve-wracking - one."] ["Chaplin plays a waiter who fakes being a Greek Ambassador to impress a girl. He then is invited to a garden party where he gets in trouble with the girl's jealous boyfriend. Mabel Normand wrote and directed comedies before Chaplin and mentored her young co-star."] ['The film centers on Howard F. Howard , a casual Three Stooges fan. He\'s engaged to his girlfriend , and life seems to be going well. More recently, he\'s been starting to see the Stooges wherever he goes. To save his life and his relationship, he seeks the help of a renowned Stooge psychologist . Unfortunately for him, this is a very serious epidemic which has apparently swept the nation. The doctor gives him medicine, which unfortunately are the wrong ones and are in fact sleeping pills. To his dismay, Howard still sees the Stooges everywhere. He ends up going to "Stooge Row", a seedy part of Los Angeles located between the fictional "Shet Up St." and "Nyuk Nyuk Blvd." To combat this, a sanitarium known as Stooge Hills is created. While in an all-Stooge burlesque house, members of Stooge Hills  commit everyone in there to the sanitarium. Over a rigorous program, everyone is deemed cured. During the graduation ceremony, to prove that the Three Stooges are no longer funny, they play a few shorts. However, everyone comes to terms and realize "we love these guys". Howard gets married, and the film ends on a happy note.'] ["Steve Walker  arrives in a seacoast town to take the position of track coach at the local college, in Maryland, called Godolphin. The night of his arrival coincides with a charity bazaar at Blackbeard's Inn, a hotel run by the elderly descendants of the pirate's crew, where Steve will be boarding. The owners are attempting to pay off their mortgage in order to keep the inn from being bought by the local crime boss, Silky Seymour , who wants to build a casino on the land. In quick succession, Steve discovers his track team's shortcomings and runs afoul of the dean of Godolphin College, its football coach, and Seymour; but he also makes the acquaintance of an attractive Godolphin professor, Jo Anne Baker , who is anxious to help the elderly ladies save the Inn. A bidding war with the football coach at the charity auction nets Steve an antique bed warmer, once owned by the wife of Captain Blackbeard, named Aldetha Teach, . Inside this bed warmer is hidden a book of magic spells, that had once been the property of Blackbeard's wife. Steve recites one as a lark, unintentionally conjuring up the ghost of Blackbeard , who appears as a socially-inappropriate drunkard whose wife cursed him to an existence in limbo unless he can perform a good deed. The two are bound to one another by the power of the spell and only the very reluctant Steve can see or hear the ghost. As a result, Steve must deal with the antics of the wayward pirate while attempting to revive Godolphin's track team and form a relationship with Jo Anne. Steve gets arrested falsely for drunk driving, in his automobile, which was in the control of Blackbeard, who was steering the steering wheel like a pirate ship, As a result of this, as well as causing the cop's motorcycle to crash into a tree, he spends a night in prison, while Blackbeard goes in and out, creating havoc for Steve. While in prison, Steve tells Blackbeard about what Mrs Stowcroft mentioned that if Blackbeard did a good deed, the curse would be broken. However, when Steve asks for the treasure that would help save the Daughters of the Buccaneers, in keeping the inn, Blackbeard admits that he spend all of the money, therefore, causing Steve to no longer trust Blackbeard. Steve gets released from prison the next, however, he's placed on probation with the college. His team had to win the Broxton relays or he would be finished. The trouble was that the athletes looked pale and sorrowful, causing them not have a chance in the competitions. Things get more complicated when the pirate steals one of the Inn's mortgage payments and bets it on Steve's track team. Blackbeard's intention is to use his ghostly powers to help Godolphin win the Broxton Relay track meet, and thereby pay the mortgage in full. Though Steve  is at first outraged over the pirate's interference during the meet, he eventually decides the greater good is to win the money for the sake of the Inn, and help the old ladies whom he also has grown fond of. He also accepts the pirate's help in shaking down Silky Seymour and his thugs after Seymour refuses to pay out the winnings from the bet. Finally, with the mortgage paid, Blackbeard has performed his good deed and is released from the curse. After Steve has revealed him to the ladies and Jo Anne, Blackbeard bids them all a cordial goodbye and departs to join his former crew, leaving Steve and Jo Anne to pursue their future happily together."] ["Preston Blake started out in his career hoping to be a disc jockey as a young man, slowly working his way up through the ranks to found Blake Media, a corporation running hundreds of television and radio stations and with 50 thousand employees. After Blake freezes to death at the summit of Mount Everest with a triumphant smile on his face, a search for his heir begins. It is found that Blake has a living nephew named Longfellow Deeds , who runs a pizzeria in New Hampshire and attempts  to write and sell greeting card captions. Deeds is contacted and brought to New York City by attorney and businessman Chuck Cedar . Plans are made for Deeds to sell his shares in the company to Cedar and return home $40 billion richer, but he must remain in New York for a few days as all the legal details are worked out. The story is major news, and reporter Babe Bennett , who works for a tabloid show called Inside Access, has a friend pretend to steal her purse in sight of Deeds, because their research indicated Deeds wanted to meet a girl by saving her, the same way his father had met his mother. Deeds rescues her  and she continues to go out with him under the disguise of Pam Dawson, a school nurse from Winchestertonfieldville, Iowa (a town she made up on the spot when asked where she was from, which later turns out to be a real place . Though Pam initially hopes to just get a good story on the new heir, she eventually falls for the unfailingly kind-hearted Deeds, and decides to tell him that she is not who she says she is, but Inside Access, in concert with Cedar  reveals it to Deeds first. Heartbroken, and upset, Deeds decides to return home to Mandrake Falls after giving his $40 Billion inheritance to the United Negro College Fund . After returning to Mandrake Falls, he learns from Crazy Eyes  that Chuck Cedar intends to sell off the company, which will cause thousands of people to lose their jobs. Babe visits Deeds in Mandrake Falls and tries to win him back. After saving her after she's fallen through the ice over a lake, he rejects her saying he does not really know who she is. At a shareholders meeting, Cedar has everyone convinced to sell the company, until Deeds  arrives and manages to convince everyone not to sell. But Cedar has control of a majority of the shares and the sale is approved. Babe arrives, and reveals that Blake's butler, Emilio , is Preston Blake's illegitimate son , and the true heir. As a result, Deeds' sale of his shares to Cedar is not legal. Emilio immediately takes control and fires Cedar, as well as the entire top brass at the company, with the exception of Cecil Anderson , a good-hearted executive who had befriended Deeds . Babe reveals herself to Deeds and apologizes for tricking him, and they reconcile and Deeds falls in love again. As they are leaving, Emilio thanks Deeds for his support and asks how he can repay him. Deeds says that all he wants is his friendship. Emilio ends up giving Deeds a billion dollars, some of which Deeds spends on Corvettes for the entire town, and he returns to Mandrake Falls with his new wife Babe, where he learns that Hallmark Cards has bought one of his cards, the one he wrote for Babe."] ['Ignacio is the son of a Scandinavian Lutheran missionary and a Mexican deacon. They tried to convert each other but got married instead, then died while Ignacio was young. Now Ignacio is a cook for the monastery. However, he dreams of becoming a luchador ; but wrestling is forbidden by the monastery. Ignacio cares deeply for the orphans, but his food is terrible due to a lack of funds with which to obtain quality ingredients. One night, he is robbed of the orphans\' tortilla chips in an alley, and decides to make money to buy better food. He also reveals a desire to be respected by the other friars, to overcome a sanctimonious friar who mistreats him, and consummate his feelings for the newly arrived tutor, Sister Encarnación. Ignacio decides to disregard the monastery\'s rules and becomes a Luchador in order to make money. He pairs up with the tortilla chip thief, Steven, and they pair as tag partners and join the local competition, with Ignacio changing his name to "Nacho" to keep his identity secret. Steven adopts the name "Esqueleto" ; Nacho and Esqueleto are defeated in their first match, but are nevertheless paid, as every wrestler is entitled to a portion of the total revenue, and they continue to wrestle every week, with Ignacio using his pay to buy and prepare better food for the orphans. Ignacio is, however, discovered by an orphan named "Chancho" , who promises to keep it a secret and admires him for it. However, after losing many fights, Ignacio starts to look for help. Steven brings him to a gypsy-like man known as "Emperor" who tells Ignacio to climb to an eagle\'s nest, crack open the egg, and swallow the yolk, claiming that he will gain the powers of an eagle. Ignacio completes the task, but still loses the following night\'s wrestling bout. He decides to seek advice from Ramses, a champion luchador. However, when he sneaks into a party and gets thrown out, and later when Ramses shoves him after meeting him in the street, he realizes Ramses is not to be admired. But to be hated. Ignacio\'s secret is revealed when his robe catches fire during a prayer, exposing his wrestling costume. He admits that he is Nacho, intends to fight at the "Battle-Jam", a battle royale between eight luchadores, for the right to take on Ramses, and for a cash prize, which he will use to make life better for the orphans. Thereafter both Esqueleto and Nacho compete with several other popular wrestlers in order to earn the right to challenge Ramses. The wrestler Silencio  wins; Nacho, due to the actions of an already beaten wrestler, comes in second place. Feeling shunned at the monastery, Ignacio leaves to live in the nearby wilderness. In the morning, Steven comes to tell him that Silencio\'s bunions are swollen and therefore cannot fight Ramses; he will, therefore, have to fight instead. It is revealed that Silencio\'s injury was caused because Steven had driven over his foot with a tricycle. Ignacio is distrustful of Steven, as he had previously stated that he hated orphans. Steven convinces him that he no longer does. Ignacio agrees to team up again. That night, Ignacio sends a message via Steven to Encarnación, explaining his plan and confessing his love to her . In the match, Nacho does well despite initial difficulty. With the crowd supporting Ignacio, Ramses resorts to cheating. Nacho then is nearly defeated - indeed, unmasked - by Ramses. . Encarnación then enters with the orphans. Elated and inspired, Nacho throws Ramses off, knocks him out of the ring, and jumps onto him with a flair recalling his earlier brush with eagle eggs and their supposed power. Ramses is defeated and Ignacio uses his prize money to buy a bus for field trips for the children. The film closes with Ignacio, Steven, and Sister Encarnación take the children to see an ancient city, Monte Albán, built by the Zapotec civilization. Ignacio, by now, has earned Encarnación\'s favor, as demonstrated by her signs of encouragement and his somewhat awkward acknowledgment thereof.'] ["Frank Hopper  is a former lawyer, long-term loser and constant dreamer - and frankly, probably just not all that bright. When he receives a credit card in the mail, he believes he's hit the jackpot. It's not long before he's working his way toward financing his dream - an all-woman hockey team. He's also put himself in debt to the tune of more than $300,000. Naturally, he winds up in court when his plan backfires."] ["Ace Ventura  is a private investigator living in Miami, Florida, who specializes in retrieval of tame or captive animals. Despite the success of his methods, he does not often receive many assignments and therefore cannot pay rent or repair his battered 1970s Chevrolet Monte Carlo; whereas his eccentricities make him the laughingstock of the Miami-Dade Police Department. At Joe Robbie Stadium, Snowflake, a bottlenose dolphin mascot of the Miami Dolphins, is kidnapped two weeks before the team is due to play in the imminent Super Bowl. Dolphins owner Mr. Riddle, believing the team will fear to lose the Super Bowl unless Snowflake is returned, orders his head of operations, Roger Podacter ([[Troy Evans , and chief publicist Melissa Robinson  to find Snowflake. Ventura is hired to solve the case and discovers his first clue in the form of a rare triangular-cut orange amber stone, which he speculates to have fallen from a 1984 AFC Championship ring. Ventura then tries to find his culprit by tricking each member of the championship squad into showing their rings; the attempt fails. Later, Podacter mysteriously falls to his death from his apartment, which Robinson and Ventura go to investigate. Although Miami Police Lt. Lois Einhorn  insists it was suicide, Ventura proves it was murder, embarrassing her. While trying to find how Podacter's death is connected to Snowflake's disappearance, Ace learns of a former Dolphins kicker named Ray Finkle, whom he missed during his earlier investigation. Finkle had missed the potentially game-winning field goal kick at the end of Super Bowl XVII, causing the Dolphins to lose the game and his own career to fail, also upon learning that the team gave Snowflake his number and taught him how to kick a field goal, to which Finkle found as an insult. Having discovered Finkle's obsession with fellow-player Dan Marino, whom the kicker blames for his loss, Ventura is sure Finkle is the culprit, but cannot find him. Ace and Melissa go to a mental hospital where Finkle was last seen; where under the guise of a mental patient, Ace searches Finkle's belongings and discovers a newspaper article about a missing woman, coincidentally named Lois Einhorn. Studying this, Ventura realizes to his disgust that Lt. Lois Einhorn is Finkle in disguise. Ventura then follows Finkle to an abandoned dock, where he finds a kidnapped Marino and Snowflake. When the police arrive, Finkle orders the cops to shoot Ace; whereupon Ace tries to expose Finkle by ripping off her clothes, but fails until assisted by Marino, to which also concludes, with the evidence of a love letter, Finkle murdered Podacter because he learned who Einhorn was. Marino and Snowflake return in time for the Super Bowl XXVII between the Miami Dolphins and Philadelphia Eagles. At halftime, Ventura attempts to capture an albino pigeon that was the subject of another case he is handling, but is prevented by Swoop, the Eagles' mascot. Enraged, Ventura beats the mascot, while being thanked on the JumboTron for saving Marino and Snowflake."] ["Four internationally wanted criminals named Peter Beaupre , Alice Ribbons , Burton Jernigan , and Earl Unger ([[David Thornton  have stolen a valuable missile cloaking computer chip for a North Korean terrorist group. They put it inside a toy remote control car to sneak it past security. At San Francisco International Airport, Mrs. Hess  accidentally takes the bag with the remote control car in it. The four thieves arrive in Chicago and systematically search every house in Mrs. Hess' neighborhood to find the chip. Eight-year-old Alex Pruitt  is given the remote control car by Mrs. Hess for shoveling snow, and soon becomes ill with the chicken pox and must stay home. While at home, Alex sees the thieves through his telescope and calls the police. The thieves leave by the time the police come. After Alex reports the thieves again, they still manage to get away, and the police do not believe him. Alex decides to take matters into his own hands, and mounts a camera on his remote control car and attempts to film some footages of the thieves, who are searching in every house to find the chip. He eventually films Beaupre, but the remote control car is discovered before it can get away and Beaupre takes the tape, leaving Alex with no evidence. Wondering what the thieves want with a remote control car, Alex opens it and discovers the stolen chip and immediately calls Chicago's Air Force Recruitment Center and informs them about the chip. The thieves finds out that Alex has the chip and decide to go after him. They block off the road to the house, and Alice duct tapes Mrs. Hess to a porch chair in her garage and leaves the door open. By this point, Alex has armed his house with more violent booby traps. After several break-in attempts, the thieves pursue Alex. Alex runs to the attic and goes into the dumbwaiter down to the basement, and runs outside and calls to Alice, Jernigan and Unger. They see Alex and notice a trampoline below them. Jernigan and Unger jump, but the trampoline gives way and they fall into a frozen pool. Alice wriggles her way into the dumbwaiter chute, but falls down to the basement. Alex rescues Mrs. Hess and is cornered by Beaupre, but scares him off with a fake gun. Meanwhile, the FBI, who has also been tracking the stolen chip, goes to Alex's school after being tipped off by the Air Force. Alex's family brings the agents to their house, where the police arrest Alice, Jernigan, and Unger. However, Beaupre managed to escape and hides in the snow fort in the backyard. Alex's brother Stan's pet parrot drives the remote control car into the snow fort and threatens to light fireworks which are lined around the inside. Beaupre offers a cracker, but the parrot demands two. Since he only has one, the parrot then lights the fireworks, and escapes. Beaupre's cover is literally blown, and the police arrest him. Sometime later, Alex and his family celebrate with his father returning. Mrs. Hess, who befriends Alex after he successfully rescues her, is there along with the FBI and the police while Alex's house is being repaired. In the final scene of the film, while the four thieves are having their mugshot photos taken, they are shown to have Alex's chicken pox."] ['Fields stars as "The Great McGonigle", the blustery actor-manager of a traveling theater troupe that is perpetually underfunded and always just a step ahead of the law and creditors. The character is rather similar to the carnival operator types he would play in Poppy and You Can\'t Cheat an Honest Man. McGonigle\'s daughter Betty  is loyal to her father. She tries to discourage a suitor named Wally Livingston , telling him he should follow his father\'s wishes and go to college instead of trying to become an actor. Wally\'s wealthy father  arrives in the town where the troupe is scheduled to perform a Victorian melodrama called The Drunkard. One of the players has resigned, and Wally wins the part, affording him a chance to act and also to perform a couple of songs in his strong tenor voice. His father is impressed by his son\'s talent, and his skepticism about Betty is eased when he learns that she has been trying to get Wally to return to college. The play itself, at 20 minutes the film\'s centerpiece, is acted in the style of the period. Reaction shots show audience members at a pitch of emotional involvement: an elderly spectator is cautioned to think of his heart; a young sophisticate skeptically asks his pretty date, "Do you think this is a good play?" After the play concludes, Fields comes onstage and performs his juggling act. This setpiece affords a rare opportunity to observe Fields\'s famous vaudeville specialty, as Fields juggles airborne balls and cigar boxes. In this bit, Fields looks relatively fit and trim, in contrast to the plumper look that became part of his trademark in later years. McGonigle learns that the troupe\'s sponsor is canceling the tour, due to poor advance reports. McGonigle tells Betty and Wally that he has decided to close the show and to seek his fortune in New York City. The bride and groom and his father ride the train back to the Livingston home, and Betty gets a telegram from her father stating that things are going well in the big city. In reality, McGonigle has become a snake-oil salesman. In the film\'s final scene, he is shown conning a crowd of onlookers into buying a fake "cure for hoarseness". Tammany Young, a recurring member of Fields\' small cadre of actors, plays his dim-witted assistant, Marmaduke. Jan Duggan plays a wealthy and untalented widow, Cleopatra Pepperday , whom McGonigle exploits to stave off the local sheriff, who is Cleo\'s boyfriend. Baby LeRoy is her son, Albert, who pesters McGonigle, including squeezing his bulbous nose and dipping his watch in molasses; but McGonigle gets even by taking an opportunity to boot the child in the rear.'] ["Laurel and Hardy are a hen-pecked pair of Gypsies in 18th Century Austria. When Oliver is out pickpocketing, fortune-telling or attending his zither lessons, his wife , has an affair with Devilshoof . A cruel nobleman, Count Arnheim, persecutes the Gypsies, who are forced to flee, but Mrs. Hardy kidnaps his daughter, Arline , leaves Hardy holding the baby, and elopes with Devilshoof. 12 years later, the Gypsies return to Arnheim's estate. When grown up Arline ([[Julie Bishop  trespasses in Arnheim's garden, she recognises the place, but is arrested by a constable  and sentenced to a lashing. Stan and Oliver try to save her, but Stan is too drunk and both are arrested. Just as Arline is stripped in order to be lashed she is rescued in time by Arnheim, who recognises a medallion she wears and a family birthmark, and both try to rescue Stan and Oliver. It is too late though: Laurel and Hardy end up in the torture chamber, resulting in one of the team's best sight gags."] ["Philippe Douvier, on the outside a respected business man, but secretly the leader of the French Connection, is facing a falling out with their New York Mafia drug trading partners because they believe him not capable of properly conducting business. To demonstrate otherwise, Douvier's aide Guy Algo suggests to have the man killed who is currently presenting the greatest danger to their trade: Chief Inspector Jacques Clouseau—a plan which Douvier sanctions after some consideration. Douvier's attempt to blow Clouseau up with a bomb fails, and the subsequent attempt by a Chinese martial artist called Mr. Chong  is thwarted when Clouseau accidentally knocks him out of a window, believing him to be his  valet Cato, who had orders to keep his employer alert by means of random attacks. That night, Douvier anonymously calls Clouseau and poses as an informant to tell him the whereabouts of an important criminal involved in the French Connection. Despite being warned by Cato that it has to be a trap, Clouseau—concluding that it is so obvious that it couldn't possibly be a trap—drives toward the location, but his car and clothes are stolen at gunpoint by a transvestite criminal named Claude Rousseau . Rousseau drives into the trap and is killed by Douvier's men. Subsequently the majority of people believe Clouseau to be dead and, as a result of this assumption, Clouseau's mad boss, ex-Commissioner Charles Dreyfus , is deemed sane and is to be released from the Mental Asylum to try to crack the case, while Douvier's plans continue. In Rousseau's clothes, Clouseau is taken to the mental asylum , but escapes into Dreyfus' room. Dreyfus faints at the sight of Clouseau, whom he believed dead, whereupon Clouseau disguises himself as Dreyfus and is driven home in a car by operative François. At home, Clouseau finds Cato, who  is relieved to see him alive. Having settled Clouseau's initial anger at Cato, the two plan their revenge on the person who ordered Clouseau's assassination, taking advantage of the belief that Clouseau is dead to conduct their investigations. Dreyfus, led to believe that the man he saw was Claude Rousseau, is assigned to read a eulogy at Clouseau's funeral. His objections are overridden by political necessity when it is revealed that the speech was composed by the police chief's wife, who was apparently fond of Clouseau. During the recital, Dreyfus is unable to control his laughter at the statements he is obliged to speak, but conceals his amusement by giving the impression that he is weeping rather than laughing. But when Clouseau surreptitiously reveals himself among the attendants of the funeral, Dreyfus faints into the burial pit moments before the master of ceremonies completes his oration. Shortly after his wife threatens him with a divorce, Douvier, needing her respectability and her silence pertaining to his crimes, tells his secretary/paramour Simone LeGree  that their courtship must end. Angry, Simone storms out of Douvier's office. Because she was quite intimately involved in his business, Douvier gives orders to have Simone killed at a nightclub called Le Club Phut . Having been told by a seafaring informant  of the possibility of trouble at the nightclub, Clouseau and Cato investigate and accidentally save Simone from being murdered by Douvier's assassins; Simone takes Clouseau  home. At Simone's flat, Clouseau tells Simone that he is the supposedly dead Chief Inspector; although Simone does not believe him at first, he eventually convinces her of the truth, prompting her to reveal that Douvier ordered Clouseau's assassination as part of his attempt to impress the American Godfather. When another duo of assassins force their way in, Clouseau and Simone escape into the flat below, in which lives Dreyfus. Dreyfus overhears Simone telling Clouseau of Douvier's plans to meet with the New York Mafia Godfather, Julio Scallini, in Hong Kong, but again faints when he sees Clouseau. Clouseau, Cato, and Simone travel from Paris to Hong Kong and tail Douvier, unaware that Dreyfus has also arrived. Clouseau impersonates Scallini, while Simone distracts the real Scallini so that Clouseau can uncover Douvier's plans. He succeeds, but the plan goes awry when Clouseau's disguise is exposed. A car chase begins, terminating in a crash at the Hong Kong docks. Here, Dreyfus recognizes Clouseau, loses his mind again and tries to kill Clouseau, chasing him into a firework warehouse. Inside, Dreyfus inadvertently sets the stored fireworks alight, and the resulting explosions sow chaos between all the participants, which eventually leads to the arrests of Douvier and Scallini. Clouseau is awarded for their arrest by the President of France. Thereafter, he and Simone spend an evening together."] ['Miles Monroe , a jazz musician and owner of the \'Happy Carrot\' Health-Food store in 1973, is made subject to Cryopreservation without his consent, and not revived for 200 years. The scientists who revive him are members of a rebellion: 22nd-century America seems to be a police state ruled by a dictator, about to implement a secret plan known as the "Aires Project". The rebels hope to use Miles as a spy to infiltrate the Aires Project, because he is the only member of this society without a known biometric identity. The authorities discover the scientists\' project, and arrest them; but Miles escapes by disguising himself as a robot, and goes to work as a butler in the house of socialite Luna Schlosser . When Luna decides to have his head replaced with something more "aesthetically pleasing," Miles reveals his true identity to her; whereupon Luna threatens to give Miles to the authorities. In response, he kidnaps her and goes on the run, searching for the Aires Project. Miles and Luna fall in love; but Miles is captured and brainwashed, by which he becomes a complacent member of futuristic society, while Luna joins the rebellion. The rebels kidnap Miles and force reverse-brainwashing, whereupon he remembers his past and joins their efforts. Miles becomes jealous when he catches Luna kissing the rebel leader, Erno Windt ([[John Beck , and she tells him that she believes in free love. Miles and Luna successfully infiltrate the Aires Project, wherein they learn that the national Leader was killed by a rebel bomb ten months previously, and all that survives is his nose. The nose has been kept alive, and the members of the Aires Project, mistaking Miles and Luna for doctors, ask them to clone the leader from this single remaining part; but Miles steals the nose and "assassinates" it by dropping it in the path of a steamroller. After escaping, Miles and Luna debate their future together. He tells her that Erno will inevitably become as corrupt as the Leader. Miles and Luna confess their love for one another, but she claims that science has proven men and women cannot have meaningful relationships due to chemical incompatibilities. Miles dismisses this, saying that he does not believe in science, and Luna points out that he does not believe in God or political systems either. Luna asks Miles if there is anything he does believe in, and he responds with the famous line, "Sex and death. Two things that come once in a lifetime. But at least after death you\'re not nauseous."{{cite web}} The two embrace.'] ['While on holiday in Paris, Ollie falls in love with the beautiful daughter of an innkeeper. When he discovers that she is married, he is heartbroken to the point of committing suicide. Just as he about to leap into a river , an officer from the Foreign Legion convinces the duo to enlist. They do so, and end up wreaking havoc in training camp. After being arrested for desertion, they manage to escape by stealing an airplane, which ultimately crashes. Sadly, Ollie dies in the crash but is reincarnated as a horse, which pleases Stan.'] ["The story begins with Cousin Eddie at his latest workplace, a nuclear facility where he 'works' alongside a monkey. When the monkey outperforms him in every test , the decision is made to fire him. Upon finding out the news, the two get into an argument which results in the monkey biting him. With Christmas approaching, Eddie is worried about what this job loss will mean for him and his family and he decides to talk to his former boss. Although the thought never occurs to him, the nuclear company is convinced that he will sue. As a preemptive countermeasure, they offer him and his family  a free vacation to an island in the South Pacific. While on holiday they take a trip on a boat, while Eddie attempts to catch a shark, they get lost and eventually shipwrecked on an isolated island. Eventually Eddie is able to prove himself a man by providing for his family and they all celebrate Christmas together on the island. Shortly after, they are rescued."] ['Hollis Figg is an earnest if not too bright man whose devoted friend is a local sanitation worker, and whose girlfriend is the equally earnest Ema, a pretty waitress at the diner across the street from City Hall, where Figg works as an accountant. When the Mayor, his staff, and Mr. Spaulding, the richest man in town, decide they need more cover for their shameless skimming from the city\'s coffers, they fire two of the three accountants in the basement and replace them with a computer named LEO , keeping Figg whom they deem the dimmest of the three to run the computer that he barely comprehends. When Figg unexpectedly  stumbles upon discrepancies in a road works budget, they promote him to the "third floor," distract him with a new Cadillac and a sexy assistant  who is able to manipulate him into signing any form or check that she places on his desk. Of course the curvaceous secretary doesn\'t sit too well with Ema, either. Sooner rather than later, the Assistant State Attorney General becomes suspicious of the activities of the Dalton City Council, and when he closes in, Figg, having signed everything, is the perfect patsy. Figg manages to avoid arrest by disguising himself as the mourning mother of the suddenly dead Mr. Spaulding, using the disguise to get into city hall to get the evidence he needs out of LEO, the computer, to clear his name. When he finds the memory bank of the computer  missing and the dead body of Spaulding in a closet, he deduces that the City Council has buried the memory bank in the coffin of the dead man. Figg and his loyal buddy sneak into the cemetery, exhume the coffin, and plug LEO in. But LEO explodes, spraying program-cards everywhere. Figg discovers the cards are encoded with the evidence he needs to prove his innocence. On their honeymoon in Rio, paid for by a grateful city, Ema and Figg bemoan the fact that the City Council got away before they could be arrested. Suddenly, the staff at the hotel look to Figg like the Mayor and his men, but Ema says he is only stressed. As the two newlyweds moon over the view from their balcony, the Mayor and one of his cronies, disguised as hotel staff, can be seen removing the stiff body of Mr. Spaulding out of the closet on a dolly and wheeling him out of the room.'] ['Security guards Chuck  and Bobby play a game of Red light/Green light while being night watchmen for Howard County Bank and Trust and are obsessed with elaborate schemes of would-be thieves. They hear a sound coming from a floor polisher that Ernest is trying to turn on for operation - he works as a night custodian at the bank - and dreams that he would be a clerk, but he ends up making a mess in the bank and he becomes magnetic from a mishap with the floor polisher. The next day, bank president Oscar Pendlesmythe\'s assistant, Charlotte Sparrow  requires him to clean up his supernatural mess. Pendlesmythe wants to terminate Ernest\'s employment at the bank, but Charlotte has a soft heart for misfits and stray dogs, so she argues on his behalf. Ernest takes a bath at home in a tumble dry washing machine and uses a blow-dryer with a wind-tunnel force for his evening dinner with Charlotte in a restaurant. He later receives in the mail a summons to jury duty in court and tells the two watchmen about it. During the trial Dracup Maximum Security Prison convict Rubin Bartlett notices that Ernest is the spitting image of death-row inmate Felix Nash. Rubin\'s lawyer convinces the jury to tour the prison, where Ernest is kidnapped by Nash and another inmate named Lyle and forced to swap roles with Nash. Even though he tries to tell the guards he is not Nash, they refuse to believe him. Ernest also does not know that he has a death sentence which is for Nash. While having lunch, a guard tells them to stand up and be quiet, when he notices Ernest is making a lot of noise, which almost sends him into the cell. Ernest tries a first attempt to tell one of the prison guards that he is Ernest, not Nash, but the guard calls him "Mr. Funny Man"  and angrily says that he is not funny and is lying and throws him into the cell right in front of a cell mate who pushes him back while the first attempt fails. When he pushes him near the prison bars, he tells a prison guard that he was beaten up . A prison guard tells Ernest that he will be sent to the hole, which makes Ernest realize he is in jail. He has various misadventures in prison  until he is sent to the electric chair by the prison warden ([[Charles Napier . The electrocution fails, and he is transformed into a type of superhuman, with the ability to shoot lightning bolts from his hands, which shock various other jail members. Ernest escapes from the prison and makes his way home, only to discover that his Pee-wee Herman-like décor has been replaced by a slick Lounge Lizard style of decorating. He exclaims, "I\'ve been vandalized - by Elvis!" Ernest then goes to the bank, in his old clothes, only to find that Nash has assumed his identity and is in the process of robbing the bank and during the ensuing battle between the two of them he gets electrocuted yet again when Nash throws him against a cage that the bank had rigged to drop from the ceiling to catch robbers. Now Ernest has become Polarized and gained the ability to fly. He uses his super powers to fly through the skylight of the bank with a bomb that Nash had attached to the vault and two bank employees, which leads to a spectacular mid-air explosion. Everyone especially Chuck assumes that Ernest has been killed, until he falls through the skylight and lands on Nash. Ernest tiredly declares, "I came, I saw, I got blowed up."'] ["Chris Pepper  and Charlie Salt  own a nightclub in Swinging London, operating under the suspicious eye of the intrepid Inspector Crabbe. One night, Pepper finds an Asian girl on the floor of the club. Assuming she's drunk or high, he makes a date with her and thinks she responds. It turns out the girl is dying, and her death sets off a chain of events that puts the unlucky Salt and Pepper onto a plot to overthrow the British government, with the girl's dying words the key."] ['Escaping from China with a microfilm of the formula for the mysterious "Lotus X", Lord Southmere, a Queen\'s Messenger, is chased by a group of Chinese spies. Back in London, Lord Southmere manages to escape from a chauffeur who is trying to kidnap him, and then runs into the Natural History Museum. Chinese spies follow him, so he hides the microfilm in the bones of one of the large dinosaur skeletons. He is relieved to meet his former nanny, Hettie, in the museum, and asks her to retrieve the microfilm. Southmere then faints and is captured by the Chinese, who tell Hettie and Emily  that they are taking him to a doctor. Hettie and Emily enlist other nannies to help them search. They hide in the mouth of the blue whale display until after closing time and then begin looking over the skeleton of an Apatosaurus . They are unsuccessful, and most have to return home to care for their children, but Hettie, Emily and their friend Susan remain to continue with the search. They are captured and taken to the spies\' London headquarters, underneath a Chinese restaurant in Soho. The nannies are locked up in the \'dungeon\', with Lord Southmere. Fortunately, the nannies are able to outwit their captors and escape. Meanwhile, the spies have decided to steal the dinosaur, so they can search it properly. That night, they trick their way into the museum. The three nannies follow on a motorbike and sidecar and watch from the shadows. After the Chinese load the Apatosaurus skeleton on the back of their steam lorry, the nannies steal the vehicle. The spies give chase through the foggy streets of London in their charabanc and a Daimler limousine, but the nannies drive into a railway goods yard, onto a flat wagon at the back of a train, and are carried off to safety. The nannies fail to find the microfilm on the skeleton. Meanwhile, back in London, Hettie\'s two young charges, Lord Castlebury and his younger brother, Truscott, have been captured by the spies. They are taken to the museum and the chief spy retrieves the microfilm from the other large dinosaur, a Diplodocus skeleton. The two boys are allowed home and tell Nanny Hettie the news. Realising that Lord Southmere is now in danger, Hettie organises a rescue. Hettie and her team of nannies invade the Chinese restaurant base and battle with the spies over Lord Southmere. Meanwhile, Emily and Susan return with the Apatosaurus and the lorry and bring the fight sequence to a shattering conclusion. Everything ends well and the secret of the mysterious "Lotus X" is finally revealed.'] ['{{Plot}} Ernest P. Worrell  has been fired from his job due to totaling a lady\'s car. He goes to a local restaurant and asks his crush, Rene Loomis  to go on a date with him. He is turned down by her because she wants to date somebody more adventurous. Ernest decided to buy her a gift to show that he really cares for her. He goes to a flea market where he buys 2 jewels unaware that they are the "Eyes of Igoli" stolen from the Sinkatutu tribe in Africa by a runaway man named Mr. Rabhas who is being chased by 2 henchmen of Prince Kazim. He is cornered by the men but rescued by a man named Thompson  and his strong African bodyguard, Bazu. Threatening to kill him if he doesn\'t tell so he can steal them himself, Rabhas reveals where he stashed the Eyes of Igoli. Thompson walks away and Bazu takes a bag of deadly snakes and dumps it on Rabhas, leaving him to die. Meanwhile, Ernest creates a yo-yo made of the Eyes of Igoli. He does his around-the-world and crashes his fish\'s tank. He puts him in the sink but he flows down the drain. Meanwhile, Thompson eventually finds out that Ernest took the Eyes of Igoli. He spies on him at the restaurant Rene works in. Ernest gives Rene the yo-yo only to be called a small-town ordinary schmoe by her. Meanwhile, the bad guys kidnap Rene and Ernest come to save her after a phone call. Thompson kidnaps him too when he gets there and puts them on a flight to Africa. After shutting Rene up in a room with Bazu, an old woman named Auntie Nelda comes in and explains to Bazu about how her husband died. She then throws ashes in his face and rescues Rene, knowing that it is Ernest. They escape in a golf cart and encounter many obstacles from getting simple firewood to Ernest disguising as a girl and getting kissed by the prince to striking down the bad guys with ostrich eggs. Meanwhile, Thompson and Bazu look for Ernest and Rene. They walk down the river and encounter the Sinkatutu tribe who wants to eat them for lunch. Ernest empties his pockets when they tell him to and yo-yos the yo-yo one last time impressing the tribe, especially the Sinkatutu chief. He does tricks which easily turns the tribe to like them. Just as soon as the Chief is about to give him a "booster surgery", Thompson comes along by himself. He had kicked Bazu out. He suddenly blames Ernest of stealing the eyes. Thompson requests a battle of truth. Ernest has to fight Thompson in order to save Rene from becoming cooked...literally! When Ernest hears the challenge he states "On second thought, I think I might have the booster." Thompson changes into a black warrior suit and pulls out his weapons. Ernest does the same, only his are little items. Yet, he successfully fights Thompson using them. All of a sudden, Thompson punches Ernest and knocks him out. But Ernest awakens and hears Rene calling him to use his yo-yo. Ernest puts his fighting skills and yo-yo skills together and he does an around the world which knocks Thompson out cold and breaks the Yo-yo to reveal the Eyes of Igoli. The tribe rushes toward them as Rene compliments Ernest on how he\'s her "Knight in Shining Armor". A few weeks later, Ernest and Rene are about to go on a date. Ernest even paints an Ostrich egg and gives it to her as a gift. Sadly, she tells Ernest that the date is off because he\'s too adventurous for her. Ernest tells Rene he recalls her calling him an ordinary Schmoe. Rene tells him not to let anyone call him an "ordinary Schmoe" because she thinks he is a dynamic schmoe. Ernest makes a speech on how he is bold and adventurous and then, in conclusion, puts on his hat heroically, forgetting he had set it on the table and put the ostrich egg in it! His only response is "Eeee-heh-hew! Ew! Ew!'] ["The Stooges are janitors working at a space center who accidentally blast off to Venus. They encounter a talking unicorn, a giant fire breathing tarantula, and an alien computer who has destroyed all human life on the planet and creates three evil duplicates of the Stooges. When the boys return home triumphant, they are given a hero's welcome."] ["A barber, Buzz Curtis , and a porter, Abercrombie , work for a Hollywood salon. It is from there that they are sent to an agent's, Norman Royce , office to administer a haircut and shine. On the way there they run into a former co-worker, Claire Warren  who is about to star as the lead in a new musical. At the same time, her co-star Gregory LeMaise , whose fame is dwindling, arrives and invites her to join him at lunch. She declines, which angers him. While at the agent's office, Buzz and Abercrombie witness LeMaise enter and declare to Royce that he cannot work with Claire. Royce, who has just seen a young singer, Jeff Parker , audition fires LeMaise and offers the job to Parker. This causes LeMaise to change his mind, and Royce does as well, giving LeMaise his job back. Buzz and Abercrombie quickly switch careers and become Parker's agents, and then head to the studio's chief, Mr. Kavanaugh , to find a role for Parker. Unfortunately when they meet up with Kavanaugh it is because they just crashed their car into his at the studio gate. Kavanaugh bans them from the lot, but they manage to sneak back in with a group of extras. Once inside they find themselves at the wardrobe department and Buzz gets dressed as a cop and Abercrombie as a tramp. They use their new found disguises to roam the lot. Later, Buzz and Abercrombie try to help Parker get the role by getting rid of LeMaise by trying to start a fight with him. Their plan is to photograph him hitting Abercrombie and then having him arrested. The plan goes off without a hitch until Abercombie falls overboard after being hit and is feared drowned. LeMaise decides to hide, and Parker is giving the role in his place. LeMaise eventually discovers that Abercrombie is still alive and chases him around the backlot. LeMaise eventually is caught, and Claire and Parker become famous when the film is successful. And Buzz and Abercrombie become bigtime agents in Hollywood."] ['A farmer and his daughter  are in the barn. She is saying she wishes the cow would have a calf. Left alone in the house she hears strangers in the barn and calls the police. She barricades herself in. Her parents return and have to break the door down. She thinks it is the robbers. Meanwhile a smokey car brings the police . After misunderstandings are resolved they find a new-born calf in the barn.'] ['Sherman Klump is working on a new miracle formula– this time, the fountain of youth. He is also preparing to marry a fellow scientist and girlfriend, Denise Gaines . Unfortunately, he has started suffering from personality lapses that are threatening to alienate his bride-to-be: against his will, he acts like the obnoxious, hypersexed Buddy Love of the first film. After a particularly unpleasant incident, Sherman goes to his lab to analyze his DNA and locates Buddy Love\'s DNA in an abnormal gene. He decides to use Denise\'s genetic research methods to isolate the gene and permanently extract Buddy Love\'s DNA from his own. His assistant, Jason, tries to stop him, warning him that he might damage his health or even lose his intelligence. Sherman disregards the warning and, alone in his lab late at night, extracts Buddy\'s DNA. The orphaned DNA, a glowing blob of jelly, combines with a hair from a basset hound named Buster and grows spontaneously into an adult man, Buddy Love—now a fully autonomous being. Thanks to his doggy heritage, however, this Buddy Love has a tendency to chase cats and cars. Meanwhile, Sherman has inflicted so much genetic damage on himself by removing Buddy that his brain cells begin dying at an exponential rate. Meanwhile, Cleetus, who has now retired from his job in the construction industry, takes a swig of Sherman\'s new formula, which Sherman hid in the garage earlier, and becomes a man in his late 20s, goes to a club and ends up in a fight with an older man named Willie. Buddy, who had an unsuccessful deal with Leanne Gillford, notices this fight when Cleetus turns back into his old self. Buddy breaks into the Klump\'s house and steals some of Sherman\'s youth formula, planning to sell it to the highest bidder, then adds a household chemical to the remainder of the mixture. But Granny catches him, and thinks he is the stripper that was ordered for Denise\'s bachelorette party. Granny then strips and tongue-kisses Buddy which causes him to vomit in some near by bushes & essentially run off crying. When Sherman administers the adulterated potion to a hamster in front of a large audience, the hamster, Petey, grows to enormous size. The Dean  hides from Petey under a fur coat, which the hamster sees as a female hamster named Molly, who already escaped the potion. Petey performs a lewd act  on the Dean. After the fiasco, the deeply traumatized Dean fires Sherman. However, this is the least of Sherman\'s problems; his brain damage is now reaching a critical level. With the help of his loyal lab assistant, Jason, he devises a strategy to restore his mind. He plans to reintegrate Buddy into his DNA by reverting him back to the jelly-like matter he used to be, then sucking him up through a straw. Sherman concocts a new, stronger youth formula when he is interrupted by Dean Richmond, demanding to know what Sherman\'s playing at. Richmond explains Buddy Love is selling the youth formula to a rival company, and believes Sherman to be in on it. Sherman gets a tennis ball, and heads with Dean Richmond to the office where Buddy is pitching the youth formula he stole; if he can revert Buddy to an infantile state and consume him, the return of Buddy\'s DNA to his own system will repair the damage that he originally caused. When Sherman arrives Buddy laughs, but Sherman then throws the tennis ball, and Buddy\'s dog genes compel him to give chase. Sherman has coated the ball with his new, super potent youth formula, and when Buddy catches the ball, he turns into a toddler. He runs off, then melts into a gelatinous blob that continues fleeing. However, Buddy suffers many injuries while in his blob form which soon kills him. He is run over by a car, thrown into the air making a hard landing, and is trampled in a large crowd of people. Buddy, in critical condition, tells Sherman before his last breath, "Let\'s see how long you last without me". He dies and evaporates into a public coin fountain. But unfortunately, for Sherman, he can no longer get back inside of him. Denise and Cletus arrive, and see Sherman and Richmond. Sherman, before his brain becomes seriously damaged, sadly tells Denise, whom he no longer recognizes, that he no smart, never, no more. Denise starts crying, and one of her tears lands on Buddy\'s DNA blob, causing it to trickle into the fountain. As his companions begin to usher him away, Denise promising to take care of him, Sherman turns and mumbles something about "pretty water". They see the fountain\'s water glowing a bright neon blue. Buddy is dead, but his DNA is still alive in the water. She and Cletus force Sherman to drink the water before the DNA disperses, and he rapidly regains his mental faculties. In the last scene, Sherman and Denise get married.'] ["Zack Brown and Miri Linky are roommates in Monroeville, Pennsylvania . They have been friends since the first grade. Despite Miri working at the local shopping mall and Zack working at a coffee shop, they have not paid their utility bills in months, with Zack devoting much of his free time to a fanatic following of the Pittsburgh Penguins and his status in the community amateur hockey team, the Monroeville Zombies. After work, their water gets turned off before they go to their high school reunion. At the reunion, Miri attempts to seduce her attractive former classmate Bobby Long, while Zack strikes up a conversation with Brandon St. Randy, who reveals that he is a gay porn star, and Bobby's boyfriend. After returning home from the reunion, the apartment's electricity is turned off. Inspired by a successful viral video that was filmed by a pair of teenage boys as Miri changed in Zack's place of work for the reunion , and emboldened by the cultural mainstreaming of pornographic entertainment, Zack convinces Miri that they should film a pornographic film to earn money. Gathering a group of acquaintances and hired help as the cast and crew, they decide to film a pornographic Star Wars parody, entitled Star Whores. Delaney, the film's producer and Zack's co-worker, rents film equipment and a building to use as a studio. When they return to the studio after the first night of filming, the building is being demolished, with all the equipment and costumes inside. They are told that the man that rented it to them had run off with the money. Later at the coffee shop where Zack works, he realizes that his boss threatened to install a hidden camera, which Zack finds, and decides to use it to replace their lost film equipment. Zack retools his film to take place in the coffee shop, revamping the film to one with a coffee shop motif, Swallow My Cockuccino, and the group shoots the film after hours. Despite their insistence that they would not let sex with each other affect their friendship, Zack and Miri soon develop romantic feelings for each other. When it comes time for Zack and Miri to have sex on camera, they find that instead of the clinical sex enacted by the actors in the other scenes, their interlude is romantic and heartfelt. Later that evening, Zack and Miri are at home when suddenly their apartment's electricity and water service return. The rest of the actors and crew show up and reveal that they pooled their resources to pay one month of their bills, and have come over to throw them a party. At the party, one of the other actresses, Stacey, asks Miri if it is okay for her to ask Zack to have sex. Although Miri has realized that she has developed feelings for Zack, she tells her it is okay to ask him. When Stacey relates this to Zack, the two retreat to Zack's bedroom, much to Miri's dismay. The next evening, Zack is preparing to film a scene between Stacey and another actor, Lester, that was supposed to have been with Lester and Miri. Zack is dismayed when Miri shows up and insists on shooting the scene as originally planned. In the back room, an incredulous Zack asks if she is doing this as a form of retaliation, pointing out that Stacey told him that Miri did not mind her sleeping with Zack. Miri corrects him, clarifying that she did not mind that Stacey merely made the offer to sleep with him. Perceiving this to have been some type of test, Zack admits that during the sex scene they filmed together, they were actually making love and that there was an emotional connection between them, and that he loves Miri. When Miri does not reciprocate, Zack storms out of the coffee shop, quitting the film and his job, and moves out of the apartment. Three months later, Delaney goes to see Zack, who has moved on to an exterior concessions job at Mellon Arena during Pittsburgh Penguins games. Delaney convinces him to come to Delaney's home to see the unfinished film and help complete it. Zack agrees, and as Delaney and the cameraman Deacon explain, Zack learns that Miri never filmed her sex scene with Lester. Zack goes to Miri's apartment and reveals to her that he never slept with Stacey; instead, they talked about Miri all night. He pours his heart out to Miri, proclaiming his love for her, which she reciprocates. In the epilogue, the audience learns that Zack and Miri are married, and with the help of Delaney and his worker's compensation settlement, they start their own video production company, Zack and Miri Make Your Porno, which makes amateur videos for couples."] ["Frustrated butcher Fred Ramsden  and his electrician mate Ernie Bragg ([[Jack Douglas  happily head off for a fishing trip while their respective wives Sylvia  and Vera  look forward to their health farm holiday. Once at the caravan site of Major Leafe , Fred starts making eyes at a couple of gorgeous campers, Carol  and Sandra . However, Ernie incriminates himself by talking in his sleep! With their infidelities certain to be repeated in the marital bed after their holiday, Fred is despondent. Meanwhile, Professor Roland Crump  has teamed up with Roman expert Anna Vooshka  in an archaeological dig on the caravan site. Arthur Upmore  and his wife Linda  are saddled with her mother Daphne  and her vulgar mynah bird. Arthur is caught in a compromising position with blonde babe Norma Baxter  whose husband Joe  is lumbered with their giant wolfhound. After a few pints with the amused pub landlord ([[David Lodge , Fred and Ernie discover that the caravan site is riddled with holes. However, Daphne is only concerned with the discovery of her estranged husband, Henry Barnes  living a downtrodden life as the camp's odd-job man,despite having won the Pools. Major Leafe is determined to give the place a boost and arranges an evening cabaret for the caraveners but a mix-up over the phone secures a stripper, Veronica , rather than the singer he wanted. With Carol and Sandra having hooked up with archaeology students, Bob  and Clive  Fred and Ernie pick up Maureen  and Sally , a couple of beauties from the village. Some wet paint, the rain and their wives soon bring their planned night of passion to a halt!"] ['Told in flashback by a professor in an interview with a newspaper reporter, this is the story of The Stooges as traveling salesmen trying their best to sell their "Miracle Reducing Machine", which essentially shakes and rattles off the pounds . As luck would have it, the boys stumble on the home of Graves the inventor , who assumes the Stooges are the new caretakers. Graves is on his way to Washington, D.C. to test his new death ray machine, and leaves his eerie spooky mansion in the hands of the trio. Naturally, spies disguised in Halloween costumes show up once Graves departs. The Stooges are on edge the entire time, particularly because mysterious cream pies come flying out of thin air.'] ['Stan and Ollie are musicians, travelling by train to their next gig in Pottsville, Pennsylvania, a very popular vaudeville performance location at the time. They spend most of the trip trying to change into pajamas and get comfortable in a cramped upper berth.'] ['The hero, a janitor played by Chaplin, is fired from work for accidentally knocking his bucket of water out the window and onto his boss the chief banker . Meanwhile, one of the junior managers  is being threatened with exposure by his bookie for gambling debts unpaid. Thus the manager decides to steal from the company. He is caught in the act of raiding the vault by the bank secretary  who rings the downstairs for help. Chaplin comes to the rescue only to be misjudged by the Chief Banker as the thief. The Secretary fingers the manager and Charlie receives a just reward and a handshake for foiling the robbery.'] ['Happy Gilmore  is an aspiring ice hockey player who possesses a powerful and dangerous slapshot that his late father taught him as a child. However, Happy also possesses an overaggressive streak and lack of skating talent that consistently preclude him from joining a hockey team. His grandmother , who raised him after his father died, has not paid her taxes for many years. As such, she owes $270,000 to the IRS, and the house that Happy\'s grandfather "built with his bare hands" is about to be seized. Gilmore has only 3 months to come up with the money or else the house will be sold. Grandma Gilmore is forced to temporarily move into a retirement home, run by a sadistic manager named Hal . While repossessing Grandma\'s furniture, a pair of movers challenge Happy to hit golf balls. With his unorthodox, hockey slapshot-style swing, he hits the ball 400 yards three times, winning $40 as a result. This gives Happy the idea to go to the driving range to hustle golfers with his swing. When his progress is noticed by former golf star and current club pro Chubbs Peterson , whose pro golf career ended when his right hand was bitten off by an alligator, he convinces Happy to enter a local tournament by telling him he can make the money to buy back his grandmother\'s house. Happy wins the tournament and earns a spot on the Pro Golf Tour . Chubbs advises Happy to hold off on joining the tour for six months, so that Chubbs can make him a better all-around golfer. Against Chubbs\' advice, Happy joins the tour immediately. On the tour, Happy makes an instant enemy of pretentious and arrogant star Shooter McGavin , who sees Happy as both a detriment to golf and a threat to his career. In addition, Happy discovers that although he has a powerful drive, his putting is terrible, and his violent outbursts and lack of golf etiquette eventually prompt Shooter to ask Doug Thompson , the commissioner of the tour, to expel Happy. But Happy\'s antics are garnering the tour\'s highest television ratings, increasing attendance and drawing more youthful sponsors, and Shooter\'s request is denied. To help Happy cool down and start acting more professionally, tour PR head Virginia Venit  is assigned to him by the tour. In addition to a romance forming between the two, Happy tells Virginia the truth of why he entered the tour and she agrees to keep it between them. Happy begins to develop a cooler head while continuing to improve in tournaments much to the chagrin of Shooter, who decides to take matters into his own hands and hire Donald , a mentally unbalanced fan, to heckle Happy at the next tournament, the Pepsi Pro-Am, a tournament where tour pros team up with celebrities. At the tournament, Happy is paired with Bob Barker, then host/executive producer of the long-running CBS Daytime game show, The Price Is Right. Donald immediately starts taunting and distracting him by calling Happy a jackass, taking Happy\'s focus off his game so much that he plays terribly. Exasperated at Happy\'s poor performance, Barker even begins heckling him before they break into a full-scale brawl . As a result, Happy is suspended from the tour and fined $25,000. All is not lost as Happy secures an endorsement deal with Subway, which gives him enough money to buy back Grandma\'s house and pay the fine. However, Happy discovers that the house is to be sold at an auction – something he did not know before. Despite bidding the entire sum of his endorsement deal, Happy is summarily outbid by Shooter, who has purchased the house to leverage a deal with Happy – he will let him have the house back in return for quitting the tour. As the house was his sole reason for entering, Happy immediately agrees, but is dissuaded by Virginia, who tells him that his Grandma would rather see him succeed at life than have the house, and that his true talent lies in golfing, not hockey. Happy then decides to make a bet with his rival based on the upcoming Tour Championship – if Happy places higher than Shooter, he gets the house back, but if Happy finishes behind Shooter he will leave the tour; Shooter agrees. Although Virginia is confident Happy will win, Happy is not as sure and seeks the help of Chubbs. Happy finally admits his own mistakes and agrees to work with Chubbs. Together they head to a miniature golf course so Happy can improve his putting, which he does. Pleased with Happy\'s progress, Chubbs gives his protege a modified putter, fashioned in the shape of a hockey stick, as a present to use for the tournament. In return, Happy presents Chubbs with the head of the alligator that took his hand . Horrified by the sight, Chubbs reels backward and falls out an open window to his death. Determined to win the tournament for Chubbs, Happy is evenly matched with Shooter after the first 2 rounds. Shooter is stunned that Happy has been keeping up with him, and by the end of the third day of the tournament, Happy is leading Shooter. In desperation, Shooter once again calls on Donald. The next day Shooter\'s plan comes into action, as Donald hits Happy with a Volkswagen Beetle, which he proceeds to ram into a television tower at the 18th hole. An injured Happy refuses to forfeit the tournament, but quickly discovers that he has lost the ability to hit the long drive and drops from the lead by several shots heading into the final holes. However, after applying a lesson from Chubbs, and receiving an important morale boost from Grandma, he is able to refocus and ties Shooter going to the 18th hole. After Shooter makes his shot for par, the TV tower collapses and blocks Happy\'s putt for birdie. Happy is forced to take his shot with the tower in the way, and uses what Chubbs taught him on the miniature golf course to make a trick shot to win The Tour Championship and the house. Afterwards, a hysterical Shooter attempts to steal Happy\'s gold jacket, but is quickly beaten up by Happy\'s old boss, Mr. Larson , and an angry mob of spectators. The film closes with Happy being congratulated by the two-handed ghost of Chubbs, Abraham Lincoln, and the alligator.'] ['The film begins at a meeting of the Sons of the Desert, a fraternal lodge  of which both Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are members. The organization will be holding its annual convention in Chicago in a week and all members have to take an oath to attend. Stan is reluctant to take the oath, but Oliver goads him into it. Later, on the way home, Stan explains to Oliver his reluctance to take the oath; he is worried that his wife will not let him go to the convention. Oliver tries to reassure Stan his wife has no choice but to let him go because he took a sacred oath. When they get home and Stan accidentally brings up the subject of the convention, however, it turns out Oliver\'s wife will not let him go as they had already arranged a mountain trip together . Unwilling to go back on the oath that he swore, Oliver feigns illness to get out of the trip with his wife. Stan arranges for a doctor  to prescribe an ocean voyage to Honolulu, with their wives staying home . Stan and Ollie go to the convention, with their wives none the wiser. Of course, they have a close call while drinking with a fellow conventioneer when as a practical joke their friend "Charley" calls his sister in Los Angeles who turns out to be Mrs. Hardy! However, nothing comes of this. But then, as usual in such a film, fate cruelly closes in. While Stan and Ollie are en route home from Chicago, their supposed ship arriving from Honolulu sinks in a typhoon and the wives head to the shipping company\'s offices to find out any news about the survivors. Stan and Ollie only discover what has happened after returning home and looking at the newspaper while their wives were out. Panic-stricken, they take refuge hastily in the attic just as the wives get home and, because they can\'t escape, decide to camp out there. Meanwhile the wives go to the cinema to calm their rattled nerves...and what should they see but a newsreel of the convention in which their husbands are prominently featured! Furious at being deceived, they challenge one another to test the character of their husbands, to see whose is the truthful one. As for the husbands, their camping in the attic is interrupted loudly enough as to attract the attention of the wives and they manage to flee out of sight, escaping to the rooftop. Stan wants to go back home and confess to his wife but Oliver threatens, "If you go downstairs and spill the beans, I\'ll tell Betty that I caught you smoking a cigarette!" They are about to make their way to a hotel to spend the night, but are stopped by a policeman who manages to get their home addresses from them thanks to Stan. Upon walking into the house, they tell the wives about the shipwreck. Then, when asked about how the pair of them had managed to get home a day before the rescue ship carrying the survivors was due, their story begins to unravel; they say they jumped ship and "ship-hiked" their way home. Ollie still insists his story is true; "It\'s too farfetched not to be the truth!" But Stan eventually breaks down and tearfully confesses, despite Oliver\'s previously mentioned threat. Stan tells his wife about the smoking too, and for his honesty ends up wrapped in her dressing gown on the sofa, sipping wine and eating chocolates. Oliver\'s wife proceeds to break all the crockery over his head. Stan returns from next-door to compare notes and tells Ollie that his wife said that "honesty is the best politics!" Stan puffs on a once-forbidden cigarette, and then goes out the door singing: Honolulu Baby. Ollie vengefully hurls a pot at his head, upending him.http://www.filmsite.org/sons2.html'] ['The Stooges are firemen who are constantly getting in trouble. After missing their umpteenth fire call, they are warned that one more incident will cost them their jobs. They then proceeded back to work, in this case, cleaning the fire hoses. In the midst of the action, a new coupé that the chief has purchased is delivered to the station. Curly rolls out the hose into the street. But in the process, the hoses are cut by a passing streetcar, with Curly starting to identify them after the first names of the young Dionne quintuplets. In frustration, Moe wrings Curly’s hands on the wringers.  Meanwhile, Curly sneaks out to visit his girlfriend Mayzie to celebrate her birthday despite the restrictions. She has two friends who need dates, so Curly tries to get Moe and Larry to join him. The two other girls are named Mimi and Minnie, the latter being tall, heavy set, and quite determined to secure a boyfriend. She even aggressively pursues a very reluctant Curly when it becomes apparent that the restrictions are going to prevent Moe and Larry from joining the party. Larry attempts to go anyway, but is stopped by Moe at the firepole by pulling his hair. Moe then goes to the stock room holding Larry by the hair, and locks the door to prevent Larry from leaving. But Larry fights back, and the key goes into the sink in the melee. Moe then proceeds to use Larry as a plunger to retrieve the key. Just then, Curly realizes that the only way he knows to get Moe and Larry out of the fire station is to pull a fire alarm, so he decides to activate it. The firemen respond to the call, but without Larry and Moe. Realizing the alarm, they force themselves out, and down through the firepole. They found that the firemen have left them, so they decided to use the coupé. They go to the alarm location, finding Curly and the three girlfriends waiting for them. Moe is irate by the false alarm, but sensing the approaching fire truck , all six then ride the coupé and go on a wild joyride, with Curly at the wheel, barely missing cars and streetcars. One unfortunate turn hits the car at a post, forcing them into the boot except for Moe who lands outside. Moe, assisted by concerned pedestrians, retrieves them out of the car, but with their egos bruised, the three girlfriends scoot off in a huff. However, before this happens, Minnie  gets into a comical face slapping match with Curly. The Stooges push the battered coupé out of the accident scene, but forgot to shut it off. The car goes in its own power in the street, back to the fire station. It goes out again, and the chief realizes that it is his car that is in trouble. The car ends up into an open Bekins van, and as they closed the door, the car explodes. The fire truck, with the irate captain, chases the Stooges. Sensing the chief, they escape in the van, smoking car and all.'] ['The film opens in a villa in Madrid, Spain, where Diego, the archetypical Spanish Don Juan, is in bed with a beautiful woman – who, we learn shortly, is not his wife, but someone else\'s. The couple are caught by her husband, Garcia, who "is not in Barcelona", as they previously thought. Diego, with considerable panache, fights Garcia and his five brothers with swords. During the fight, Diego\'s mute servant Paco  reads a letter  from Diego\'s father requesting that Diego return to California. Diego and Paco escape by jumping from a high wall directly into a waiting carriage. Diego and Paco arrive in Los Angeles, where they are met by Diego\'s childhood friend Esteban , who has become Capitán of the local guard. We also learn that Esteban has married Florinda , for whom the men competed when they were boys. Esteban delivers the sad news that Diego\'s father was killed in a riding accident, when his horse was frightened by a turtle. Esteban is acting Alcalde in the senior de la Vega\'s stead until a new one can be chosen by the Dons  of the area. At the meeting of the Dons, each introduces himself and where he resides. Each Don\'s surname is that of a well-known city in California, but none of the surnames and place names match, with amusing results: * Don Diego from San Fernando * Don Francisco from San Jose * Don Fernando from San Diego * Don Jose from San Bernardino * Don Luis Obispo from Bakersfield, who wears an ascot Esteban is elected Alcalde via an obviously fixed election, and gives his inaugural speech to the assembled peasants in the village plaza. He is interrupted mid-speech by Charlotte Taylor-Wilson, a wealthy political activist from Boston. She and Diego meet, and despite their political differences, there is an immediate attraction. Relaxing at the de la Vega villa, Diego receives an invitation to a masked ball to celebrate Esteban\'s election. He is also given his inheritance, which turns out to be Zorro\'s cape, hat and sword. A note from his father tells Diego the truth: his father was Zorro. Diego decides that it is the perfect costume for the ball. On the way to the ball, Diego witnesses a peasant being robbed by a criminal. Giving chase, Diego confronts and defeats the highwayman, and returns the money to the peasant, instructing him to spread the news that El Zorro has returned. At the ball, Diego  dances with Florinda while the old peasant informs the people outside that Zorro has indeed returned. At the same time, we learn that the robber was in fact Velasquez, the area\'s tax collector, who reports the theft to Alcalde Esteban – and points out Diego. A duel ensues, and Diego escapes by again jumping from a high wall, but injures his right foot in the process. Unable to walk without a noticeable limp, he hobbles away. Esteban and Velasquez plan to use the injury to track Zorro down. Later that night, a drunk Florinda attempts to seduce Diego in his bedroom, but Esteban arrives to speak about the events of the evening. Esteban begins to suspect that Diego is Zorro, but Diego is able to convince him that his foot is not injured. Esteban leaves, satisfied. A reign of terror begins, including wholesale torture and increased taxation. Diego is frustrated that, because of his injury, he cannot fulfill his destiny as Zorro. Enter Diego\'s decidedly gay twin brother Ramon, who joined the Royal Navy and adopted the pseudonym Bunny Wigglesworth. Diego brings Bunny up to date on what has been happening, and Bunny agrees to stand in as Zorro – using a whip instead of a sword, and with gaily colorful costumes. Zorro continues to elude capture, much to the anger of Esteban and the Dons. Esteban hatches a plan to lure Zorro to the Alcalde\'s residence by throwing another ball to show off Florinda\'s expensive new necklace. Seeing through the plan, Diego arrives, dressed as Zorro – and so do the rest of the Dons and male party guests, telling Esteban that a mysterious servant instructed them to dress as Zorro. Adding to the confusion, Bunny appears in drag, masquerading as \'Margarita\' Wigglesworth, Diego\'s cousin from Santa Barbara. Esteban is smitten and calls her \'Wiggy\'. Bunny succeeds in spilling a drink on Florinda, and in the resulting attempts to clean her dress, makes off with the necklace. Bunny then returns to the Royal Navy, informing Diego that Charlotte Taylor-Wilson is in love with Zorro. Diego and Charlotte confess their love for each other at the plaza, but they are seen by an operative of Esteban\'s. Esteban has her arrested and sentenced to death to again lure Zorro to capture. At the last moment, Diego surrenders to Esteban in order to save Charlotte. Zorro is immediately sentenced to death. Seconds before Diego is to be shot, Bunny returns to free his brother, and with Charlotte\'s aid they finally incite the peasants to rebellion. Esteban\'s own guards rebel as well, and at the end even Florinda turns against her husband. Esteban is defeated, and Diego and Charlotte ride off, planning their wedding.'] ["Brenda  and Yvonne , two girls from the North of England, arrive in London to seek fame and fortune. However, their image of the city is quickly tarnished when they are robbed of their savings. Determined not to let her chance slip, Yvonne visits Carnaby Street in the hope of catching the eye of a trendy photographer, whilst Brenda gets a job in a 'greasy spoon' cafe. Yvonne does get spotted by a trendy photographer, Tom Wabe , but for all the wrong reasons; she is singled out for being poorly dressed. After several unsuccessful job attempts, Yvonne accidentally wins the star prize in a television game show and decides to invest the prize money on being a pop star. Her single, I'm So Young, though patently awful, becomes a big hit and she and Brenda drift apart. However, at a glamorous party  the girls realise the shallowness of the media business and decide to return home."] ["Cantinflas is a down on his luck but affable shoe shiner that learns that his compadre dies in an accident. His spouse, Leonor  is unable to raise her child, Chavita, so she leaves the kid with Cantinflas so she can go to Guadalajara, Jalisco in order to seek help from her parents. In the first days, Cantinflas goes to work to Chapultepec and Chavita finds a big ball and almost fight with the owners of the ball. Cantinflas calms down the child promising he will bring him a new ball. In order to find a better job, Cantinflas goes to school where he tries to learn but, instead fails in love with Raquel Saavedra, an attractive teacher that works there. While he tries more jobs. First, as a shoe shiner in a night club where he got in different incidents in his first night, including an unexpected entrance to the dancers room and an accidental entrance to Ravel's Boléro dance act performed by Elaine Bruce , the scene is reminiscent of his Apache dance in the 1944 film, Gran Hotel. After sabotaging the act, Cantinflas is prompted to leave the night club. Cantinflas tries to get new jobs in Acapulco where he tries everything to get some money, when accidentally Chavita leaves Cantinflas to climb La Quebrada, Cantinflas tries to rescue him, but he is stuck himself at the top of La Quebrada  and he is obliged to make a spectacular dive. His action leads him to get a job as a life saver but his incompetence to save a big woman to drown  made him to be fired in the same day. Finally, Cantinflas got enough money to raise his godson and buys him a new big ball, but Leonor came back from Guadalajara, with a husband, a better life and a new brand ball. Chavita leaves Cantinflas and he sadly sees the scene. Angrily he kicks the ball and the ball goes to Raquel's feet. Finally they got together. El bolero de Raquel satirizes the lifestyles of the rich with their bodyguards, managers etc. through scenes set in posh nightclubs. Though a relative box-office disappointment for a Cantinflas film, it still ranked among the most profitable Mexican films of the year.{{cite book}}"] ["The Stooges are inept janitors who stencil the wrong occupation names on the doors of their office building. As a result, their janitors' room is labeled as belonging to Omay, a famous interior decorator. Mrs. Smirch , who wants to hire Omay to redecorate her house, mistakes Moe for the real Omay, having just heard him so identify himself—only because he is trying to teach pig Latin to Curly. The Stooges agree to do the job and proceed to make a mess of Mrs. Smirch's house."] [' Moe is on trial for assaulting Larry and Curly. Moe appeals to the judge , claiming he is a sick man who was instructed by his doctor to maintain peace and quiet. This peace is broken by Larry and Curly who are loudly rehearsing their "The Original Two-Man Quartet" routine. Moe cracks, and wraps Curly\'s trombone slide around the quartet\'s necks. Realizing Moe is in bad shape, Larry and Curly decide to take their ailing leader on a hunting trip to relieve his stress. Moe agrees, and the Stooges start packing. No sooner do they arrive in an empty cabin when a hungry bear devours some eggs and potatoes while Moe has his back turned. His nerves double frayed, Moe asks Larry and Curly to pursue the bear. With a fear of bears, he uses his sickness as an excuse not to help. Larry and Curly set the bear trap, but Curly gets caught in the trap, thinking the bear is attacking him. Larry tells him that it was only the trap. They find Moe, thinking he is the bear, and shoot him. Then they find out it is actually Moe. Curly drives them to the bear\'s cave, and eventually, Moe helps them hunt the bear. Larry spots some boulders and decides to barricade the cave and suffocate the bear, but accidentally knocks Moe out. Larry and Curly take him back to the Stooges\' car. Then, they get back to work, blocking the cave, unaware that the bear has gotten out. Larry accidentally throws a rock at the bear. Curly finds him knocked out, thinking he is dead and calls Larry, then they put him in the car. Moe has revived and is frightened to see the bear in the car, so he escapes. The bear attacks Larry and Curly, first thinking they are hitting each other, then they think Moe is hitting them, then they find out that the bear has been attacking them, then they too escape, and the bear ends up behind the wheel of the car, and ultimately wrecks it. Back in the courtroom, Moe ends his story by concluding that he must go back to bed for six additional months. The judge takes pity on him, and finds him not guilty. The judge then returns Moe\'s axe, and Larry and Curly, who are disgusted with the verdict are chased out of the courthouse by the axe-swinging Moe.'] [" Curly wins $50,000 from writing a catchy jingle for a radio contest. The boys quickly spend their loot, and check in at the Hotel Costa Plente. Their suite is furnished with many expensive items which they systematically destroy. In the process, three gold diggers connive their way into the boys' room, under the guise that they are three rich widows looking to remarry. This works perfectly, as Curly quickly discovers that all the tax deductions reduce his winnings to a minuscule $4.85. The boys hastily agree to marry the ladies, who soon find out the Stooges are broke and give them what for."] ['Michael Cromwell  is a self-absorbed, successful commodities broker living in New York City. Wanting to marry his new fiancée Charlotte , he needs to obtain a final divorce from his first wife, Patricia , who left him some years earlier. Patricia now lives with a semi-Westernised tribe in Canaima National Park, Venezuela. Michael travels there to get her signature on divorce papers, but upon arriving, discovers that he has a 13-year-old son named Mimi-Siku . Michael attempts to bond with Mimi-Siku in his brief stay with the tribe, and promises to take him to New York "when he is a man." Michael is also given a new name, Baboon, as is a custom in the tribe. That night, Mimi-Siku undergoes the traditional rite of passage of his tribe, who then consider him to be a man. The tribal elder gives Mimi a special task: to become a tribal leader one day. Mimi must bring fire from the Statue of Liberty, and looks forward to traveling with his father. Against his own protests, Michael brings Mimi-Siku to New York with him. Michael\'s fiancée, Charlotte, is less than pleased about the unexpected visitor in a loin cloth outfit, who tries to urinate in front of her at a fake tree , suggests eating her cat, and releases his enormous pet tarantula in her apartment. Mimi-Siku wears traditional dress during much of his stay in New York. As Michael attempts to adapt Mimi-Siku to city life, cross-cultural misunderstandings occur when Mimi-Siku reverts to customs considered acceptable by his tribe. On climbing the Statue of Liberty to reach the flame, Mimi-Siku is disappointed when he sees that the fire is not real. While staying at the home of Michael\'s partner, Richard Kempster , Mimi-Siku falls in love with Richard\'s daughter, Karen . He paints her face and gives her a new name, Oo-Ku-Mai, as is the custom in his tribe. Richard is unhappy about Mimi\'s presence in his home because of his influence over Karen and because he cooked and ate his prize-winning fish. Richard freaks out when he sees Mimi and Karen together in a hammock and threatens to send her to an all-girls summer camp. The Kempsters and Michael Cromwell are being targeted by Jovanovic , a Russian mobster and caviar dealer, who believes that they have cheated him in a business deal. Jovanovic arrives at the Kempsters\', intent on removing Richard\'s fingers in revenge. By fighting together and utilizing Mimi-Siku\'s hunting skills , the two families defeat the mobsters. Mimi-Siku returns to the Amazon jungle, but before he leaves, his father gives him a satellite phone so they can stay in touch. Michael also presents Mimi with a Statue of Liberty cigarette lighter, which produces fire from the torch and will fulfill Mimi\'s quest. In return, Mimi gives his father a blowpipe and poisoned darts, telling Michael to practice and come to see him when he can hit flies. Shortly afterwards, Michael finds himself disheartened by the rat-race and realises that his relationship with Charlotte is not working for him anymore. He attempts to kill a fly with his blowpipe on the trading floor of the New York Board of Trade. He hits the fly, but also his boss, who collapses asleep on the trading floor. Michael returns to Lipo-Lipo to see his son and ex-wife, bringing the Kempster family with him for a vacation. Karen and Mimi are reunited, and it is implied that Michael and Patricia also resume their relationship.'] ['The difference between social classes provides the basis for this comedy. The trouble begins when a drunken sot wanders into the fancy home of a woman who is hosting a gala dinner. Mr. and Mrs. Tidmarsh , a middle-class English couple, are giving a dinner party in honour of their wealthy uncle, Gabriel Gilwattle , hoping to receive his financial aid in their struggle to keep up appearances. Mrs. Tidmarsh had invited 13 guests, as a result of regrets, and Gabriel is superstitious. To offset this, she hires Blankely\'s, a professional company, to send her a sophisticated 14th guest, sight unseen. Further cancellations obviate this necessity, and Margery Seaton , their governess, is invited; but the "hired guest" arrives anyhow and is announced as Lord Strathpeffer . Naturally Mrs. Tidmarsh mistakes the drunk for the hired guest and invites him to dine. Mayhem ensues. Margery recognizes the tipsy man as a former lover, and he is assumed to be an impostor. Sobering, Strathpeffer realizes he has come to the wrong party and asserts his right to his title; but Gwennie  hides her father\'s watch in Strathpeffer\'s pocket as he is renewing his romance with Margery. A police inspector arrives hunting for the missing lord, establishing his authenticity and the fact that he is not, after all, the hired guest.'] ["Paul Blart ([[Kevin James  is a mild-mannered, overweight man who takes his job as a security guard at the fictional West Orange Pavilion Mall in West Orange, New Jersey very seriously. Blart lives with his elderly mother, Margaret  and daughter, Maya , and dreams of being able to join the New Jersey State Police, but he always fails his entrance test due to his hypoglycemia. While on patrol at work daily, Blart notices a new wig kiosk and its vendor, Amy Anderson  and is instantly attracted to her. Back at base, Blart has to take his trainee, Veck Simms  out on patrol. At the end of his shift, Blart becomes acquainted with Amy and escorts her to her yellow Ford Mustang convertible. Amy invites Blart to join her and others at a party in the mall later that evening, and Blart accepts and attends the event. During the event, Blart gets extremely drunk after drinking too much margarita during a nacho-eating contest with his equally overweight friend, Leon , crashes the party, and eventually falls through the mall's window. On Thanksgiving, Blart feels as though he embarrassed Amy and that she doesn't like him anymore. Maya attempts to cheer him up. On Black Friday at the mall, Amy and the rest of Blart's friends are in the bank to cash their paychecks. While the crowd is filing out, a gang of criminals suddenly break through the service entrance and take over the mall with Blart being distracted by playing Rock Band in the arcade zone. The criminals clear the entire mall, placing motion sensors along every entrance and exit doors, and kidnap Amy and the rest of Blart's friends and holds them hostage inside the bank. Veck is revealed to be a double agent and the ringleader of the hijackers, and plans to use the credit card codes from all the stores in the mall to steal $30 million and fly to the Cayman Islands to take the hostages with him at gunpoint. As Blart leaves the arcade, he notices that the entire mall has been taken over and calls the police, who later show up outside the front entrance of the mall. Sergeant Howard  instructs Blart to leave the mall immediately, but when Blart unknowingly sees Amy's car in the parking lot, he realizes that Amy is still inside as a hostage, and decides to rescue her and the rest of his friends. A state SWAT team soon arrives and Commander James Kent , a classmate and bully from Blart's high school, takes control of the situation. Meanwhile, Blart is vastly outnumbered and physically outclassed, but fights against the gang members through improvised measures. Maya shows up at the mall to bring Blart his dinner, but Veck's henchmen kidnap her and holds her hostage as well. After Blart detains all of Veck's underlings, he attempt to extract the hostages by pulling them up via the airvent, but fails after Leon cannot fit, and when Veck enters the room, Blart is captured. Veck demands the credit card codes and forced Blart to give them up. Veck escapes with the codes and takes Amy and Maya with him at gunpoint. As policemen swarm the entire mall to apprehend the criminals and rescue the hostages, Blart steals the mall's display minivan and joins Kent in pursuing Veck to the airport, where Veck attempt to escape in a Cessna Citation III business jet along with Amy and Maya. After a brief fight, Blart overpowers and handcuffs Veck, but Kent pulls his gun on Blart by revealing himself as a mole in the SWAT team and had worked with Veck for the whole time. Kent demands Blart to give him the phone containing the codes, but Blart refuses and smashes it on the ground. Before Kent can kill Blart, Chief Brooks , who had stayed at the mall with the other policemen throughout the standoff, shot Kent in his arm; the police arrive at the airport, where they finally arrest Kent and rescue Amy and Maya. The next day, Blart gives Amy a birthday card and kisses her. Although Sergeant Howard offers Blart his job with the New Jersey State Police, Blart decides that his place is protecting the people at the mall with Amy and the rest of his friends. A final scene during the closing credits finds Blart and Amy getting married in the mall and riding a Segway PT together."] ['Whipsnade  is struggling to keep a step ahead of foreclosure, and clearly not paying his performers, including Bergen and McCarthy, who try to coax money out of him, or in McCarthy\'s case, steal some outright. Whipsnade\'s co-ed daughter pays a visit and falls in love with Bergen, but after she sees the financial mess that her father is in, she decides to marry a tiresome young millionaire. Whipsnade initially approves of the marriage, and just to be sure that the penniless Bergen doesn\'t win out , he sets the pair adrift in a hot-air balloon. However, Whipsnade creates a scene at the engagement party, and father and daughter escape together in a chariot, with Bergen and McCarthy in pursuit. Fields had a running "feud" with Charlie McCarthy, and the movie contains a number of exchanges between them.'] ['Sam Bisbee  is an optometrist and an amateur inventor. His daughter Pauline  is in love with Bob Murchison , but Bob\'s upper-class mother  wants nothing to do with anyone related to uncouth Sam Bisbee. Even Sam\'s wife Bessie  is ashamed of him, because he prefers to be himself rather than put on airs. Pauline is the one woman who truly loves Sam, accepting her father as he is. Sam receives a letter from the National Tire Company expressing interest in one of his inventions, puncture-proof tires that can resist bullets. He goes in his car, which is fitted with four of his tires, and offers to give a demonstration by shooting at the tires; while he was in the boardroom, however, his car had been towed and a similar-looking police car is now in its place. The tires  fail to resist Sam\'s bullets, and the police chase after him. During the train trip home, feeling that he\'s failed completely, Sam contemplates committing suicide by drinking a bottle of iodine, but decides against it at the last minute. While on the train, he meets a woman  who has a bottle of iodine in front of her; believing  that she was also thinking of committing suicide, Sam proceeds to "talk her out of it" by telling her about his own troubles. This scene is played mostly "straight" by Fields, minus the usual visual shtick and blustery persona. Unknown to Sam, the woman is Princess Lescaboura, a royal visitor to the United States; moved by Sam\'s story, she secretly decides to help him. The next day, Sam\'s home town is surprised to hear that they will be receiving a visit from Princess Lescaboura; when the princess arrives, she says that she is there specifically to see Sam Bisbee, who had once saved her life. As a result, everyone starts treating Sam with respect, including Mrs. Murchison. Sam, who thinks the whole thing is a sham cooked up by the "princess", quietly congratulates her on it. The story\'s climax occurs at a golf course the city is opening, and Bisbee is given the honor of driving the first ball off the tee. This gives Fields a chance to reprise the routine that formed the nucleus of his earlier short film, The Golf Specialist. He deals with all manner of annoyances and distractions, while repeatedly exhorting the caddy , and the Princess, to "stand clear and keep your eye on the ball!" With Fields still at the tee, the president of the National Tire Company, Robbins ([[George Irving , arrives at the course. The company had found Sam\'s car and tested the tires themselves, and they want to do business with him. Robbins initially offers him $20,000, but the princess says that she wants the patent for her own country. The princess bids Robbins up until the flustered Robbins finally raises his offer to $1,000,000 and a royalty on every tire; Sam accepts. Now that his family is wealthy and respected, and with his daughter Pauline married to Bob, all is well with Sam, who never does realize that the Princess really was a princess. As she is about to drive away, Sam congratulates her on "putting one over" on everyone. She just smiles and says, "You\'re telling me!" Fields then walks off contentedly.'] ['Budget cuts force two rival ambulance companies and their misfit medics to go head-to-head to save their patients, their jobs and their beer money, all in the name of emergency medicine.'] ['Attorney Mitch Martin  comes back from a business trip early and is shocked to find out that Heidi , his girlfriend, takes part in orgies with a variety of people. She claims it is purely sexual; nevertheless, Mitch does not want to continue the relationship. Mitch encounters his high school crush, Nicole , at his friend Frank’s  wedding party. He is drunk and does not make a good impression, accidentally spilling hot coffee on her and then trying to clean it up off of her dress. After breaking up with his girlfriend, Mitch goes house-hunting. He finds a house located near the campus of the fictional Harrison University in New York State. Mitch’s other friend Bernard , who owns a chain of electronic stores named "Speaker City", throws a party at Mitch\'s house and hires Snoop Dogg to play so Mitch can get his mind off his ex-girlfriend. The party, dubbed "Mitch-A-Palooza," is a huge success and puts Mitch and his friends at the top of the college social circuit, causing the former college friends to revert back to their frat-boy days.Travers, Peter. "Old School ". Rolling Stone 6/26/2003: 92-92 Frank, who had a reputation as the heavy drinking, hard partying "Frank the Tank" back in college, has his wife under the impression that he\'s matured and left that part of his life behind. However, he gets drunk at the party and goes streaking through the neighborhood and is found by his new wife and her friends, putting a strain on their marriage. The next morning, Mitch wakes up with Darcie  and at first he is a bit concerned but she assures him it was simply casual sex. In the aftermath of the party, the trio meet Dean Pritchard . The Dean is a childhood acquaintance of the three men, but since he was the butt of most of their pranks, his actions throughout the film are rooted in vindictiveness. Pritchard happily informs them that the house is specifically designated for social services and community housing. Therefore, Mitch, Frank, and Bernard must either move out or meet the Dean\'s criteria in order to keep Mitch\'s house. For this reason, it is Bernard\'s idea to start a fraternity that is open to anyone. Although Mitch is initially reluctant to accept the notion of turning his house into a fraternity, he is essentially obliged to agree with the idea. Mitch gets dubbed "the Godfather". He still tries to keep his work life and fraternity life apart. Regardless, he is approached by countless people even at work who want to become members of his fraternity. The fraternity is an outlet for the stress and boredom that is associated with the monotonous nine-to-five lifestyle for many members. Mitch, while in a meeting with his boss, Mr. Goldberg, is visited by Darcie and awkwardly discovers she is his boss\' daughter, who happens to be graduating from high school. This stuns Mitch, who awkwardly shakes her hand. To make matters more humiliating, word has already leaked out around the office about Mitch hooking up with Darcie at the party, which he denies ever happened in order to protect his reputation. All does not go well, one of the fraternity members, an elderly man known only as "Blue" dies during his birthday celebration after seeing two topless ladies. At Blue\'s funeral, Frank\'s wife wants a divorce which forces a heartbroken Frank to live with Mitch in the fraternity. Mitch invites Nicole and her daughter to a birthday party for Bernard\'s son. However, she shows up with a date, Mark . Mitch later accidentally catches Mark making out with one of the birthday hostesses in the bathroom but does not tell Nicole. To cover himself, Mark lies to Nicole by saying that he caught Mitch doing the deed. This, along with Mitch\'s secretiveness regarding the fraternity, strains his relationship with Nicole, especially after asking her out for coffee and having the chef refuse his money and puts his meal on the house in order to show his support for the fraternity. Nicole becomes even more suspicious when the cook calls him "The Godfather" and to make things even more worse for Mitch, Darcie and her friend walk by and say hello to him, making Nicole think that Mark was right and that Mitch is a pervert after they reveal they have to go to a prom committee meeting for their high school, leaving Nicole to walk away disgusted. The main obstacle is still Dean Pritchard, and when he claims the group violated an assortment of university policies, the fraternity house is boarded up. He also claims that the students who participated in the non-sanctioned fraternity are subject to expulsion. Nonetheless, Mitch finds out that the group has the right to bypass this legality by completing a series of activities that range from academics and athletics to community service, debate and school spirit. The men are able to complete all of the activities successfully but since the deceased member of the fraternity  was still on their roster, the group’s averages were brought down from 84% to 58%. Consequently, Dean Pritchard tells them the university’s decision stands. The Student Council President, Megan Huang, was earlier bribed by the Dean to revoke the fraternity\'s charter. Frank chases the Dean and after a violent altercation, is able to obtain a tape that Megan secretly recorded and it reveals the Dean bribing her with admission to Columbia Law School  since she is head of the student board that approved of the fraternity\'s campus status. Accordingly, the Dean’s credibility is destroyed. The front of the newspaper the next day claims that the Dean was fired after a bribery scandal. The fraternity’s charter is reinstated and the fraternity moves out of their old house and into Dean Pritchard’s  house. Nicole visits Mitch at the old fraternity house to mend their relationship after she discovered Mark cheating, and it is implied that they get together. Despite Bernard and Mitch withdrawing from the fraternity, Frank maintains his ties and persists with his leadership in the organization. Over the closing credits, Mark accidentally drives his car off of a bridge and, by coincidence, onto ex-Dean Pritchard who was fishing below, prompting the car to explode and killing them both. As the smoke from the wreckage rises into the air, Blue is in heaven playing a piano and singing "Dust in the Wind". Next, Frank is shown at the college radio station 88.6 playing a song and dedicating it to the "Godfather"  by thanking him for saving his life. Later at the supermarket, Frank is approached by Heidi, inviting him to join her and some other friends the next night. Frank becomes euphoric and punches several boxes of supermarket cereal before kicking a random stranger\'s cart. Bernard now coaches his son\'s soccer team.'] ['Jack Brown  is an unemployed newspaper reporter in Baton Rouge, Louisiana in danger of losing his house to the bank. After numerous unsuccessful attempts to get a job working for the local paper, the Bugle, he becomes so desperate that he ends up taking a job as a "cleaning lady" for wealthy U.S. Bates , who owns the paper and many other businesses. Brown is humiliated as he clumsily attempts to serve food at a luncheon. He is fired, but lands a part-time job in a department store owned by Bates. "Master" Eric Bates , the spoiled-brat son of the boss, has been told that he can have anything in the store. Amused at seeing Jack goof around in the store\'s toy section, Eric informs his father\'s right-hand man Sydney Morehouse  that what he wants is Jack himself. Morehouse fails to convince Eric that human beings cannot be owned. In exchange for a generous financial settlement, Jack agrees to be Eric\'s live-in friend during Eric\'s one-week spring break from military school. Emotionally estranged from his father, Eric takes a liking to Jack but still manages to humiliate him with numerous pranks. After a particularly humiliating incident in the mansion incited by Bates\' ditzy wife Fancy , who literally introduces him at a dinner party as Eric\'s new "toy," Jack grows tired of the situation and leaves. He agrees to return only when U.S. Bates  offers Jack so much money that he can not only pay back the bank, but pay off the mortgage on his house as well. Jack returns, determined to teach Eric how a friend is supposed to be treated. They bond while participating in mini-cart racing, video games, and even fishing in a stream filled with pirahna. The pair decide to start a newspaper of their own for fun. After witnessing multiple examples of Bates\' cruelty, they dig up dirt on him, such as a story of how he won his butler, Barkley , in a game of billiards. They publish their paper and distribute it throughout the city. Bates is outraged. To prove to his son that money can buy loyalty, he offers Jack a reporting job with his newspaper, which is what Jack wanted all along. When he accepts, Eric is upset because he thinks Jack is selling out. Jack tells the boy that most men  need jobs, just as his priority is to support himself and his wife. A swanky outdoor party is later held at the Bates estate. It is attended by wealthy businessmen and politicians, some of whom are unaware it is to be a fundraising event for the Ku Klux Klan. Jack cannot abide that, so he and Eric—teaming up one last time— disrupt the party and expose the real purpose behind it, an attempt to blackmail the senator who is among those bringing a federal indictment against Bates. Bates chases after Jack in a golf cart but ends up crashing into his own pool. Jack saves him from drowning, and it seems all is forgiven. Jack packs up and returns to his neighborhood with his wife. The next day, while driving Eric to the airport to return to military school, Bates tries desperately to have a heart-to-heart talk. Eric runs off, making his way to Jack\'s house. Jack gently admonishes Eric to give his father a chance. Bates offers the newspaper job to Jack again and promises Eric that next year he can spend one week with him and one with Jack, much to Eric\'s joy.'] ['Ollie is living a perfect life: a lovely wife, a beautiful mansion complete with a butler, even his own manure dealership—with a mayoral nomination not far behind. Ollie calls on Stan  to transcribe an acceptance speech. Enter an old flame , aiming to take advantage of Ollie\'s situation: blackmail Ollie into giving her hush money, or else present to the press a scandalous picture of her and Ollie, a picture taken during his "gilded youth...my primrose days...before I was married." Ollie\'s plans of reaching a final settlement with the woman are scuppered when his wife  enters: They are to have an important dinner party with a judge and his wife the same time Ollie is to meet the woman to discuss terms. Ollie then enlists Stan to go over to the woman\'s apartment and stall her until Ollie can get there. Stan enters the old flame\'s house that night. The woman, displeased about being tricked, calls Ollie on the phone. Ollie promises to get there as soon as possible. While the woman is waiting in another room, Stan intercepts the scandalous photograph. Soon after, Stan barricades the door with most of her furniture, although this does not stall the woman . A struggle to keep the woman from entering her car is witnessed by a busybody  of Mrs. Laurel , who immediately rushes to tell the wife  that Stan was "going to Mr. Hardy\'s house to make whoopee" with the woman. Meanwhile, Ollie is thinking of a way to get out of the house. In one instance, he feigns running out of cigars. As he is about to go to the store, the butler  enters with a fresh box. This good deed is met with an ungrateful kick in the shin by Ollie, although the butler is paid off to keep mum. All of Ollie\'s attempts fail to work, and the old flame eventually arrives . Ollie tries to pass her off as Mrs. Laurel to avoid suspicion by Mrs. Hardy. As soon as Stan, Ollie, and the woman are alone, Ollie produces a gun, threatening to kill the woman and then himself, causing her to faint. The boys attempt to get her out before Mrs. Hardy returns. They strike upon a plan: Mrs. Hardy returns to see Stan take "Mrs. Laurel" home . Stan whimpers when he sees the real Mrs. Laurel ringing the doorbell, and the two of them race back to the den to switch positions. Mr. Hardy tries taking the woman out, but the wives are not fooled, and Mrs. Laurel, bearing a hatchet, chases after her husband.'] ['Mr. Quincy Magoo  is an eccentric millionaire with very bad eyesight who refuses to use eyeglasses and therefore always gets into trouble. During a museum robbery he accidentally gets a priceless gem called the Star of Kuristan, and begins to trace the way for the arch-criminals whose idea was to steal the gem - Austin Cloquet  and Ortega "The Piranha" Peru , while two federal agents Stupak  and Anders  lead the manhunt for Mr. Magoo himself.'] ["Paul Winchell plays a father to Jerry Mahoney who is avoiding going to school at all costs where he is failing his subjects. Mahoney's tricks range from painting the window black to sleep in, continually falling asleep, and faking an illness by painting spots on his face and heating a thermometer with a match to give him a temperature reading of 264F to stay home. Winchell relates stories that segue into scenes from Three Stooges short subjects with the film concluding with a loud party that is footage from Half-Wits Holiday. As Winchell enters the home to complain of the noise he is hit with one of the pies in that sequence's pie fight."] ['Buster , a sidewalk tintype portrait photographer, develops a crush on Sally , a secretary who works for MGM Newsreels. To be near her, he purchases an old film camera, emptying his bank account, and attempts to get a job as one of MGM\'s filmers. Harold ([[Harold Goodwin , an MGM cameraman who has designs on Sally himself, mocks his ambition. Sally, however, encourages Buster and suggests he film anything and everything. Buster\'s first attempts show his total lack of experience. He double exposes or over exposes much of the footage, and the rest is simply no good. Despite this setback, Sally agrees to go out with Buster, after her Sunday date cancels. They go to the city plunge , where Buster gets involved in numerous mishaps. Later, Harold offers Sally a ride home; Buster has to sit in the rumble seat, where he gets drenched in the rain. The next day, Sally gives him a hot tip she has just received that something big is going to happen in Chinatown. In his rush to get there, he accidentally runs into an organ grinder, who falls and apparently kills his monkey. A nearby cop makes Buster pay for the monkey and take its body with him. The monkey turns out only to be dazed and joins Buster on his venture. In Chinatown, Buster films the outbreak of a "Tong War", narrowly escaping death on several occasions. At the end, he is rescued from Tong members by the timely arrival of the police, led by a cop  who had been the unintentional victim of several of Buster\'s antics over the last few days. The cop tries to have him committed to the mental hospital, but Buster makes his escape with his camera intact. Returning to MGM, Buster and the newsreel company\'s boss are dismayed to find that he apparently forgot to load film into his camera. When Sally finds herself in trouble for giving Buster the tip, Buster offers to make amends by leaving MGM alone once and for all. Buster returns to his old job, but does not give up on filming, setting up to record a boat race. He then discovers that he has Tong footage after all; the mischievous monkey had switched the reels. Sally and Harold are speeding along in one of the boats. When Harold makes too sharp a turn, the two are thrown into the river. Harold saves himself, but Sally is trapped by the circling boat. Buster jumps in and rescues her. When Buster rushes to a drug store to get medical supplies to revive her, Harold returns and takes credit for the rescue. The two go off, leaving the broken-hearted Buster behind. Buster decides to send his Tong footage to MGM free of charge. The boss decides to screen it for Harold and Sally for laughs, but is thrilled by what he sees, calling it the best camerawork he has seen in years. They also see footage of Buster\'s rescue of Sally . The boss sends Sally to get Buster. She tells him he is in for a great reception. Buster assumes a ticker-tape parade is in his honor, whereas it is really for Charles Lindbergh.'] ['The Stooges are dressed as Japanese soldiers for a photo shoot; their boss ([[John Tyrrell  tells them to go on a lunch break but they have to keep their costumes on to finish the photo shoot quickly. Meanwhile, in the restaurant the Stooges are about to go to, the manager reads a headline in the newspaper that states a Japanese submarine was destroyed offshore and three Japanese soldiers had escaped. When the Stooges arrive, the owner thinks they are the Japanese and attacks the Stooges, but they manage to escape. When they escape into the alley, they accidental activate a hidden door. When they get inside, they meet a Nazi spy named Hugo  who mistakes them for the three Japanese, Naki , Saki , and Waki , that escaped. Just as Hugo is about to introduce them to some ladies, Curly accidentally calls them "dames" which makes Hugo realize that they are not the Japanese, but he plays along anyway.  In order to prove themselves, the Stooges have to teach the ladies jujitsu and do acrobatic tricks. When the real Japanese arrive, the Stooges fight them, but they keep turning the lights on and off, leading them to fight the wrong persons. At the end, the Stooges come out victorious.'] ['The film opens with U.S. Coast Guard Lieutenant Jordan  responding to a number of pleas for help from civilian pleasure boat sailors off the coast of Southern California. This is the type of event that the Coast Guard has to put up with on a regular basis, and it is one of the reasons why Jordan has requested to transfer to a new station. He is handing over the reins to Ensign Tom Garland , a polite but remarkably clumsy fellow who will now report to Commander Taylor , a man who fought in World War II with Garland\'s father and holds him in high regard. Through a series of events, we see Garland\'s ineptitude as the station\'s new skipper. He repeatedly flounders in tending to the various minor issues plaguing the crowded waters\' impatient travelers. It also doesn\'t take long for him to set his eyes on Kate Fairchild , a "girl next door" type who runs a local boat rental and sailing school spot on the coast. Meanwhile, three jewel thieves are making their way to Mexico while listening to reports of their pursuit. There\'s ringleader Harry Simmons  who poses as a yacht club "commodore" and dispatches orders to his two associates, Charlie  and Max . This trio has managed to steal a jewel collection, and they intend to smuggle them inside an assortment of casually-hollowed food. They decide to rent a boat from Kate to make their way south of the border, although none of the three know how to sail. The Boatniks follows Tom\'s nautical misadventures and romance, while at the same time following the attempts of the jewel thieves to escape to Mexico. With Kate\'s suggestion that the crooks\' suspicious behavior might indicate criminality, she and Tom begin to suspect that they are indeed the three men reported about in a newspaper article. Tom is right about the suspects, but Commander Taylor doesn\'t initially believe it. Ultimately, Garland is able to convince Taylor, retrieve the stolen jewels, and ensure that the jewel thieves are arrested.'] ["A story about an escaped convict who fools a whole Irish village into thinking he's a visitor from outer space. Zonad, a strange visitor comes to the town of Ballymoran, is taken in by the Cassidy family and accepted by the locals as an extraterrestrial. His comfortable existence is spoiled when Bonad arrives to replace him."] ['The Stooges are warehouse workers who are assigned to delivering some Arabian antiques  for a Mr. Bradley . While unpacking the goods at Mr. Bradley\'s house, Shemp stumbles upon a magic lamp that he, at first, dubs a "syrup pitcher." After giving the lamp a cleaning, a genie appears , startling Shemp. Calling the genie "genius," the Stooges are pursued two Arabian thugs  who are after the magic lamp.'] ["Pampered and sickly young millionaire Dan Forrester  joins the army, helped and hindered by his gardener Stan Laurel and his chauffeur Oliver Hardy. While there, he falls in love with a woman, Ginger Hammond , who runs a photography store, but is equally the attraction of Forrester's commanding officer, Sgt. Hippo . Laurel and Hardy emerge triumphant after some mock war maneuvers.http://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?stid=76879"] ["The movie opens at a Los Angeles radio station, where Joe Dirt  works as a custodian and lives in a boiler room in the basement of the facility. When a producer at the radio station discovers Joe getting bullied in the hallway, the producer finds Joe's natural white trash demeanor too extravagant to be believed, and insists he be brought into the studio to talk live on the air with a famous disc jockey named Zander Kelly . Joe tells his life story, beginning with him being inadvertently left behind by his parents at the Grand Canyon when he was eight years old. After growing up in a series of bizarre foster homes, Joe finds himself living in the outskirts of the village of Silvertown where he pursues a love interest, Brandy . The local bully Robby  also has a crush on Brandy. After a bizarre twist of events leads to the death of Brandy's beloved dog, Charlie, a reflective Joe feels the need to seek out his parents. The search for his parents leads Joe on a series of adventures, meeting colorful characters like Kicking Wing the Native American fireworks salesman and Charlene the gator farm owner. All the while, he lives by working odd jobs. Parodying the lotion scene from The Silence of the Lambs, Joe narrowly escapes death when captured by Buffalo Bob ([[Brian Thompson . He then ends up in New Orleans where he works as a high school janitor/handyman with a former mobster in the Witness Protection Program, Clem . While Zander and the listening audience initially seek amusement at Joe's expense, his optimistic outlook on life and good-natured self deprecation lead to Zander and the audience falling in love with him. Eventually, Joe lands his janitorial job at the Los Angeles radio station where he recounts how, at one point, he decided to give up the search and return to Silvertown to be with Brandy. When he got there, Robby informed him that Brandy found Joe's parents, but instructed Robby not to tell Joe. Robby produced a note from Brandy to prove it. Hearing this, Zander insists on getting Brandy on the phone to find out why she did this. Brandy admits to writing the note to Robby. She did it because she wanted to tell Joe in person, but never had the opportunity. Brandy goes on to tell Joe that his parents were killed the day they were at the Grand Canyon and pleads with Joe to come back to Silvertown. Joe is unaware that recounting his story on the radio has won the hearts of listeners and made him an overnight media sensation. An appearance on TRL with Carson Daly results in a phone call from a woman claiming to be Joe's mother. Joe goes to meet her, but is disappointed to discover that his parents  are really just using Joe's publicity to help sell her homemade clown figurines, and that they intentionally abandoned him at the Grand Canyon. Angry and sad, he destroys the clown figurines and storms out, effectively cutting his ties with his parents. Depressed, Joe goes to a bridge to commit suicide, but Brandy appears and says that she had told Joe his parents were dead just to protect him when she found out what horrible people they were. A policeman on horseback lassoes Joe's legs with bungee jumping cord to stop him from jumping, in the process he inadvertently unbalances Joe causing him to fall off the bridge. The bungee cord saves Joe from the fall, but bouncing back upward, he hits his head on the underside of the bridge and is knocked unconscious. Joe wakes up in Brandy's house surrounded by Brandy and other friends he has met on his journey (Kicking Wing, Charlene and Clem . Brandy pays the impound lot to get Joe's Plymouth back and she has a new dog, who is the offspring of her deceased dog. Just as they get ready to drive away, Robby suddenly drives by and immediately taunts Joe, saying that no one wants him around in Silvertown, no matter how famous he is. Clem comes to Joe's defense and threatens Robby as Charlene taunts Robby's car. At that point, they all realize are like a family to each other . With his new family he rides off into the sunset, leaving a frustrated Robby in the dust, his car now damaged by the rocks Joe's car deflected from the ground."] ['Oliver , Molly , and her brother Slats  work for the Miramar Ballroom as taxi dancers. Slats plants a phony article in the local newspaper that declares Molly\'s ambition is to attend Bixby College. The dean of Bixby ([[Donald Cook  reads the article and offers her a scholarship. She agrees, but only if Oliver and Slats can accompany her. They are hired as caretakers. Meanwhile, Chairman Kirkland , whose daughter Diane  also attends Bixby, holds the mortgage on the college and threatens to foreclose if the dean continues to ignore tradition and does not expel Molly. Slats and Oliver run into some problems of their own as they fail at every task assigned to them by their supervisor, Mr. Johnson . Slats devise a plan to raise $20,000 to save the school: Oliver will wrestle the Masked Marvel. However, just before the match, the Masked Marvel becomes ill and is replaced by Mr. Johnson. Oliver still manages to win the match, and Slats takes the $1,000 winnings and bets it on Bixby in a basketball game at 20-to-1 odds. Unfortunately the bookie attempts to insure the outcome by hiring a professional team to play in place of Bixby\'s opponent, Carleton. Oliver dresses in drag and joins the Bixby team. Halfway through the game he receives a bump on the head and is convinced he is Daisy Dimple, "the world\'s greatest woman basketball player." Bixby pulls into the lead, but Oliver suffers another bump on the head and returns to his usual persona, and ends up losing the game for Bixby. To make up for it, he steals the bookie\'s money and after a crosstown chase , the boys arrive in time to pay the mortgage and save the school.'] ['The film begins with an animated introduction showing a plane crash in which George, then an infant, is lost in a jungle in "the Heart of Africa" . Over 25 years later, George  is a Tarzan-like man, the "King of the Jungle". His friends include a sophisticated talking gorilla named Ape , along with a toco toucan named Tookie, a small capuchin monkey named Little Monkey , and an African elephant named Shep, whom he calls his "dog" . The live action begins as heiress Ursula Stanhope  explores the jungle near George\'s home with the help of her guide, Mr. Kwame  and some native porters. She has traveled to Africa alone, but she is joined by her wealthy fiancé Lyle Van De Groot  who has found her with the help of Max and Thor , two dopey poachers who are posing as trackers. That evening, Mr. Kwame recounts the legend of the White Ape, said to be a huge, super-strong primate who rules the surrounding jungle. The next day, Lyle almost causes the death of one of the porters, and he abandons Ursula when the two of them are attacked by a lion. George saves Ursula and takes her to his treehouse home , and Lyle returns to the camp, claiming to have been attacked by the White Ape. While the exploration party searches for Ursula, George entertains her and teaches her to swing on vines. He also falls in love with her, so Ape advises him to woo her by making faces and beating his chest, as gorillas do. This fails to impress Ursula, but George wins her over with his charm, and they enjoy an evening of dancing around a campfire. On the third day, the explorers discover George\'s treehouse, Lyle accidentally discharge\'s his weapon and George gets shot in the arm  as George tries to prevent Max and Thor from shooting Ape with a tranquilizer gun. Seeing this happen, both Ape and Ursula scream in terror. While Lyle is arrested for the shooting , Ursula flies George to her home in San Francisco for medical treatment and buys clothes for him. George explores the city and saves a paraglider\'s life. With George\'s help, Ursula finds the courage to tell her parents that she no longer wants to marry Lyle, but her mother Beatrice Stanhope , who is intent on marrying her to a man of wealth and prestige, threatens George to give Ursula up or she would "remove his reason for wearing a loincloth". Meanwhile, Max and Thor  capture Ape, knowing that he can speak. Ape manages to send Tookie to San Francisco to ask George for help. When Tookie finds George, George returns to Africa to save Ape, and after realizing that she loves George, Ursula follows. George finds the poachers at the treehouse, with Ape in a cage, and he defeats them after an extended battle, with help from Ursula and his animal family. However, Lyle appears and it looks like that he is no longer in prison and has join a marriage cult. He kidnaps Ursula with help from several mercenaries associated with the cult. Lyle intends to marry himself to Ursula immediately. After escaping the mercenaries with help from his gorilla friends, George chases Lyle and Ursula as they float into some river rapids on a raft, then saves Ursula while Lyle enters a dark tunnel. After performing his wedding ceremony and exiting the tunnel, Lyle discovers that he has just married a gorilla. George and Ursula have their wedding and ride off on Shep. They have a son and show him to the land. A little later, during the ending credits, Ape abruptly interrupts the credits reveals to the audience on his fate : he becomes a big singing star in Las Vegas  He is seen singing the Frank Sinatra song " I Did It My Way", with Thor and Max as background staff ; they play as two coconut trees.'] ['{{plot}} In the Soviet Union in 1927, Ippolit Matveevich Vorobyaninov , an impoverished aristocrat from Imperial Russia, is summoned, along with the village priest, to the deathbed of his mother-in-law. She reveals, before passing, that a fortune in jewels had been hidden from the Bolsheviks by being sewn into the seat cushion of one of the twelve chairs from the family\'s dining room set. After hearing the dying woman\'s Confession, the Russian Orthodox priest Father Fyodor , who has arrived to give the Last Rites, decides to abandon the Church and attempt to steal the treasure. Shortly thereafter, a homeless con-artist, Ostap Bender , meets the dispossessed nobleman and manipulates his way into a partnership in his search for the family riches. Although Ostap is an unwelcome addition at first, it is mostly through his cunning, intellect and charm that the pair manages to get anywhere while keeping ahead of the apostate priest who is now their competition. The chairs, along with all other private property, had been expropriated by the State after the Russian Revolution. The two set off together to locate the chairs and recover the fortune, but are stymied by a series of false leads and other trying events. Early on, they find that the chairs have been split up and sold individually. Therefore, their hunt requires a great deal of travel to track down and open up each piece of the set in order to eliminate it as a possible location of the booty. As they progress, they meet comrades from every walk of life in Soviet Russian society, transforming the film into a satirical sendup of failing Communism. Much of the humor in the movie is the result of the two getting into, and then extricating themselves from, outrageous situations in their mission to covertly locate, open up , and thus rule out each chair, in turn. By posing as the official in charge of the Department of Chairs, Bender tricks Father Fyodor into a wild goose chase after a set of eleven chairs similar to those being sought, these being now in the possession of an engineer named Bruns currently assigned to a remote province in Siberia. Father Fyodor makes the long journey, but is unceremoniously thrown out after unsuccessfully trying to buy the chairs from the engineer and his wife. After the engineer is re-assigned to a post on the Black Sea, Father Fyodor follows them relentlessly and finally manages to obtain the chairs . Unfortunately, he finds that none of the chairs have the jewels. Later, he catches up with Vorobyaninov and Bender after they have retrieved one chair from a circus, and while being chased by them frantically climbs with the chair straight up the side of a mountain. After finding out that this chair doesn\'t contain the jewels, he finds that he is unable to get down again without help and is left to his fate by the duo. Eventually, but only after traveling many long weary miles and perpetrating plenty of cons to pay for the lengthy enterprise, the duo make their way back to Moscow where they discover the 12th and last chair that must – through process of elimination – contain the treasure. It is located in a Palace of Culture, tantalizingly accessible but also, frustratingly inconvenient due to the presence of so many witnesses. After closing, the two return to the building, entering through a window Bender secretly unlocked earlier so they can open up the last chair in peace. At the moment of discovery, Bender carefully and quietly opens the chair cushion with his knife, but their hopes are dashed as it is found to be, like all eleven before them, completely empty. Vorobyanninov is stunned and angry, while Bender cannot help but laugh at the absurdity of the situation. A watchman then comes upon the protagonists, and Vorobyanninov demands to know what happened to the jewels. "Look around you," the watchman answers, explaining to the pair how the jewels were unexpectedly found one day and further, how it was decided that the grand building that they are now sitting in the center of would be built with the fortuitous fortune realized by the sale of the discovered gems. Hearing this "inspiring" story sends Vorobyaninov over the edge. Driven into a sudden rage, he smashes the chair to pieces and assaults the officer whom the watchman has summoned, knocking him out. After sternly admonishing him for hitting a policeman, Bender leads the way as the two make a hurried escape into the night. Now at the end of his patience, feeling demoralized, and bankrupted in every sense of the word, Bender proposes that he and Vorobyaninov split up and go their separate ways. This produces an immediate and palpable tension because the two had been so long together. Even though they could not have had more different backgrounds, and even as they regularly antagonized one another, they also had bonded to one another, each in his own fashion. However, Bender is unable to see how a con man could possibly survive long with an emotionally shattered nobleman and so after forcefully saying his peace, he begins to walk off. Capriciously, in a last-ditch effort to keep Bender from leaving, Vorobyaninov flings the remains of the last chair into the air, and collapses to the ground feigning an epileptic seizure as an unspoken invitation for Bender, the inveterate swindler, to rip off the crowd, a reprise of an earlier event in the story. This is a pivotal because previously, as they were trying to decide what to do, the former noble had impetuously and derisively proclaimed to Bender that "there has never been a Vorobyaninov who begs!" Bender, who had not yet noticed the action of his comrade, as he was about to place a serious distance between himself and his nettlesome friend, is compelled to pause as he hears the people around suddenly gasp and huddle around a "stricken" man who has tumbled to the ground among them. Turning to see the cause of the commotion, and after what feels like a long pause even though it is only a moment, Bender stands, watching the spastic flailing of his longtime partner/nemesis, and he silently considers the scene before him as the crowd murmurs and mulls about, seemingly unsure what to do. Finally, with a wan grin that only someone who knew the irony would see, he loudly calls out for the attention of those around, asking for all the passers-by to gather around. Bender lapses with ease into a spontaneous but smooth appeal to all to give generously to this sad man who had been stricken down with "the same malady that struck down our own beloved Dostoevsky!" He works the crowd by silent agreement and with professional skill. The camera begins to pull back and shows more people being pulled in by the ruse. As the shot continues to pull out and as the music wells up in the background, the movie ends as the two, using impromptu gestures, and without a word between them, cement their partnership and avert their parting – at least for the day, which, along with every other Soviet citizen, is all they now have.'] ['The film follows the story of a group of rude and obnoxious seniors from Fairmont High, an Ohio high school. After a typing class, the seniors cut school and throw a party at the home of Principal Moss . When he returns home, he gives the class detention, forcing them to write a letter to the President of the United States, explaining what is wrong with the education system. Amazingly, the President enjoys it, and invites the class to Washington to discuss it. However, it is actually just a plot devised by a corrupt U.S. Senator to humiliate the President. Upon their journey, the class stops in a convenience store where Mark "Dags" D\'Agastino  and Reggie Barry ([[Rob Moore  lock Principal Moss in a flooded convenience store toilet so they can steal alcohol from the store. They are followed by Travis , a crazed Star Trek fan and crossing guard, who hitches a ride with an Asian family. While on their way, Principal Moss falls into a "coma" after taking pills given to him by Red , the bus driver and "Dope King". At this point, the students go on a rampage and throw another party, while Carla Morgan , the school slut, puts makeup on the sleeping Principal Moss. The next morning, the bus is pursued by both Travis and the police. Red suddenly dies, apparently from a drug overdose, and the bus nearly plows into a lake. Dags manages to stop it in time, but Travis\'s ride is not so lucky. In the confusion, Travis escapes. Arriving at Washington, a class photo taken at a cemetery goes wrong when Miosky ([[Eric Edwards  blows out Edgar Hoover\'s flame via fart lighting, catching Travis on fire in the process. That night, the seniors secretly lace a box of chocolates with tequila and give it to Miss Milford , subsequently leaving and going to a party at a hotel while Miss Milford seduces Principal Moss in a drunken stupor. In the process, Lisa Perkins , discovers the plot to use the students to embarrass the President. When Principal Moss and Miss Milford find the missing students the next morning, they are informed of the plot. The senator\'s agents subsequently kidnap Miosky and take him to the White House with the others in hot pursuit. When they arrive at the White House, the senator insults the seniors, but Principal Moss unexpectedly stands up for them. The senator\'s plot is ultimately exposed, and the seniors go home. The film ends with a montage of the characters and where they ended up after the events of the film.'] ["With Pa out of the way, Ma and the kids head out to help Pa's brother Sedgewick with the his farm in Mournful Hollow, Arkansas. Things get tighter when a couple of bootleggers rent Sedge's barn to manufacture moonshine. With Ma and the kids, the bootleggers get their pay."] ['Edgar English cons a journalist out of some money. He applies for a job at his newspaper. Whilst the journalist is helping a trapped motorist Edgar steals the camera with the picture of the accident and rushes back to the paper with it. He steals the headlines. A short pursuit with the police ensues.'] ['{{plot}} The film opens in 2002 with Marni , an acne-riddled high school senior at Ridgefield High School, with glasses and braces, making a video about how much she hates high school, and reveals how she is tormented and bullied by other children, specifically Joanna , who made Marni\'s high school life miserable. She adds that her protective older brother, Will, , was very popular as a handsome basketball player. However, at a very important basketball game, Joanna pushes the mascot , who runs into Will, resulting in a loss of the game. Years later, in 2010, however, she is a successful public relations executive, recently promoted to a job in New York. When she flies home to her older brother\'s wedding, she discovers that Will is about to marry Joanna. When Marni meets Joanna for the first time in eight years, Joanna seems to not recognize her. Marni is also upset to see that Joanna fits in very well with the family. The plot thickens when Marni\'s mother Gail  meets up with Joanna\'s aunt Ramona , Gail\'s former best friend who pushed her into a pool at their senior prom. Ramona is now a successful, wealthy woman who owns several hotels and a private plane. Although Gail seems willing to put the past behind her, she still feels the need to "outdo" Ramona during their interactions together. On the other hand, Marni is unwilling to forget the things Joanna did to her in high school, unless she apologizes, and decides to try to let her brother know of Joanna\'s bullying past. Her attempts to get Will alone for a conversation fail. When Marni tells Joanna that she knows who she really is, it is obvious that Joanna remembers Marni. She refuses to give Marni a meaningful apology, and treats her disrespectfully, leaving Marni convinced that Joanna has not changed. Meanwhile, Gail comes to Ramona\'s hotel room for "closure" about anything bad between them that happened in the past. They appear to make up, but Ramona still seems not to be too fond of Gail. One day on the street, Will and Marni\'s grandmother Bunny  meets a man named Tim . Joanna reveals that they have dated, and Tim appears devastated when he hears that she\'s marrying Will. Marni decides to bring Tim to the rehearsal dinner as part of her plan to stop the wedding. When it is time for guests to make a toast to the bride and groom, Tim unexpectedly jumps up to give his toast to Joanna. He reveals to a stunned wedding party that Joanna left him at the altar. Later, a video is presented  from their old high school time capsule. The video reveals Joanna as she was in high school: an alpha-female bully, with the footage showing proof of her tormenting Marni and other students. However, Will unplugs the video projector before the video is complete and walks out, furious. Marni is in trouble when everyone discovers that she was responsible for the video at the rehearsal dinner. Even Joanna is too angry to talk to Marni, saying to her: "I thought we could start over." Marni is now convinced that Joanna hasn\'t changed, and walks away. Joanna then starts a fight with Marni, who fights back. Will walks in and witnesses the fight. He confronts Joanna, calling her a bully and a liar and then scolds Marni for starting the mess behind his back. Joanna tries to reason with Will but he doesn\'t care about her past and is furious that she lied to him. Meanwhile, Ramona and Gail argue after the rehearsal dinner, and Ramona accuses Gail of trying to ruin her life throughout high school. A catfight ensues, with both of them falling into the pool. Ramona reveals that she had a grudge with Gail, even when they were best friends, because she always competed with and outdid her, culminating with Gail taking the boy that Ramona wanted to the prom. Ramona stated that Gail was already a legendary head cheerleader and prom queen, and drama was supposed to be hers, yet Gail also defeated her with the auditions. She sarcastically thanks Gail for what she did, because it motivated her to become successful in life. Gail apologizes for being insensitive, but reveals that she is proud of Ramona, and that her loving family is her accomplishment. Ramona, remorseful of her actions, tells Gail that she was jealous of Gail\'s happy family especially that her marriages didn\'t work out, and feared that she was trying to take Joanna away from her. The two reconcile their friendship when Mark shows up. At home, he says that he is disgusted with the wedding and weekend being a disaster and grounds Marni and Gail. Later that night, Marni finds Joanna in the kitchen binging on junk food. She finally admits to Marni that she feels truly awful for bullying and tormenting her and feels like a terrible person, and that she loves Will and his entire family. She explained that when she found out that Marni is her fiance\'s sister, she panicked and therefore decided to pretend not to remember her. Marni forgives her and promises to get them back together. The next day, during a jog, Marni apologizes to Will for her actions, saying she was only trying to protect him. Joanna and Will reconcile in the family\'s old tree house, but it collapses and injures both of them when Ben Olsen  loosened the screws as a part of his plan in hiding the tree house. They are both forced to stay at a hospital, which delays the wedding. However, Marni puts together a makeshift wedding at the hospital, with the bride and groom bandaged, but properly dressed and able to walk down the aisle. Gail has a surprise for Ramona, it\'s Richie Phillips , the boy from high school that Ramona wanted to go to the prom with. Richie welcomes Ramona home and wants to be her date for the wedding, which makes Ramona very happy and they appear to start a relationship. Marni appears to start a relationship with Charlie , her brother\'s best friend who has always been kind to her. Joanna introduces Marni\'s grandmother Bunny to an old woman named Helen Sullivan . It is revealed that Helen and Bunny were rivals in high school when Helen stole a boy from her. However, Bunny gets her revenge when she cuts in on Helen\'s dance and takes her partner. During the credits, at the wedding reception, Marni presents her wedding gift to Will and Joanna, it\'s Hall & Oates in person performing Will and Joanna\'s favorite and special song,"Kiss on My List"! Everyone then joins Hall & Oates on stage.'] ['Tired of playing second fiddle to Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck demands his own movie from the Warner Bros. only to be fired by VP of Comedy, Kate Houghton . DJ Drake , son of action star Damian Drake, is also fired from his job as a security guard when trying to escort Daffy from the studios, driving the Batmobile into the studio\'s water tower which falls on Kate\'s car. Kate tries to make Bugs\' film more educational and socially relevant, but he refuses to work with her unless Daffy is brought back; she is ultimately forced to comply to keep her job after Bugs is injured during a routine that required Daffy\'s presence. DJ returns home and is surprised to find Daffy snuck along. Finding a hidden video screen, DJ is told by his father  to go to Las Vegas to find a woman named Dusty Tails to get a diamond called the Blue Monkey. DJ and Daffy head out in an old AMC Gremlin car. Bugs and Kate arrive at the house after Bugs calls Daffy and learns the situation, and pursue them in Damian\'s spy car, a TVR Tuscan right hand drive. Also after the diamond are the Acme Corporation run by Mr. Chairman  who plans to use the diamond to take over the world and sell more Acme merchandise. DJ and Daffy arrive in Las Vegas and find Dusty Tails performing at a casino run by Yosemite Sam. Dusty gives DJ a playing card with the Mona Lisa\'s face on it. Then Yosemite Sam, working for Acme, attacks the three and his goons chase DJ and Daffy across the city, leading to a car chase with Bugs and Kate being dragged into the mayhem when DJ takes the wheel of the spy car. The heroes escape via the spy car\'s flight ability whilst Yosemite Sam crashes into his own casino. The spy car crashes in Death Valley where the heroes conveniently find a Wal-Mart thanks to Kate\'s desire for more product placement. Mr. Chairman sends in Wile E. Coyote to kill the heroes but he fails via a misdirected missile. The heroes wander into Area 52, Area 51 created as a "paranoid fantasy" to hide Area 52\'s identity, where they meet Mother, a Q-like figure who gives DJ new gadgets to help find the diamond and reveals that Acme will use the diamond to turn mankind into monkeys to create their merchandise and then turn them back so they\'ll buy the products. Marvin the Martian and a group of famous aliens  attack, but the heroes escape. They conclude the next clue is in the Mona Lisa painting in Paris. In the Louvre, the heroes discover the playing card doubles as a viewing window and find a map of Africa behind the Mona Lisa painting and take a photo on Kate\'s mobile phone. Elmer Fudd arrives to gain the card, turning out to be "secretly evil". Bugs and Daffy flee playfully around the museum, leaping through various famous paintings until Elmer is defeated by Bugs via a fan when he jumps out of a pointillist painting. Mr. Smith, henchman of Mr. Chairman, kidnaps Kate and steals her phone, and by extension, the map. The heroes travel to Africa where they hitch a ride on an elephant ridden by Sylvester the Cat, Tweety Bird and Granny. They find the diamond and a temple, but Granny and the others reveal themselves to be Mr. Chairman, Mr. Smith and the Tasmanian Devil. Mr. Chairman uses a disintegration pistol to transport himself and the heroes to Acme Headquarters and gains the diamond. Mr. Smith is revealed to be the Tasmanian she-devil. The diamond is taken to a satellite by Marvin; Mr. Chairman explaining he will fire an energy beam worldwide which will turn everyone into monkeys aside from himself and his love interest, Mary. DJ and Kate save Damian from being killed and Wile E. Coyote blows up in a train. Bugs and Daffy chase Marvin to the satellite, and while Bugs fights Marvin, Daffy becomes Duck Dodgers and manages to destroy the satellite by plugging its dish with his beak. Bugs defeats Marvin by overloading his own bubble gun. The energy beam strikes Mr. Chairman, turning him into a monkey. Later, Daffy learns the entire adventure was part of Bugs\' film, but Bugs suggests the two become equal; Daffy starts cheering until he is flattened by the Looney Tunes\' title iris ironically. While Porky Pig tries to say his ending line, the studio starts to close. Just before all the lights are turned completely off, Porky tells the audience to go home.'] ["Harvard educated Danny Collins  and street-wise Mike Armstrong ([[Richard Lane  team up after a chance meeting to form the most successful talent agency in New York City. Mike is in love with nightclub and Broadway songstress Frances Lewis ([[Rosemary Lane , determined to make her nationally famous with his and Danny's help. Danny sees her, correctly, as a self-centered opportunist willing to capitalize on Mike's affections to further her career. Eventually, she causes Danny and Mike to split. Around the same time Danny and his assistant 'Off-Beat' Davis meet Frances' maid Kitty Brown , a shy tap-dancing wonder, and try to find her work... but without Mike, their new agency cannot get going successfully. Mike is not having any luck on his own either, despite the fact he and Frances are now engaged to be married. When Danny has the opportunity to produce a New York based variety show with Kitty and Joan Merrill  as the headliners, he and Mike finally make amends when he needs Mike's help to seal the deal. But Frances blackmails Danny, threatening to break Mike's heart if she is not cast as the star of the show. Mike eventually learns about this and finally sees Frances for who she really is and leaves her. Mike moves forward, with Danny as his friend and business partner once again, to work on the show starring Kitty. The film's musical finale begins with the Stooges  performing a hilarious rhumba dance number, with Curly Howard dressed up as Carmen Miranda."] ["Dr. Jeff Weitzman  is a psychologist working in a sanitarium in New Jersey. His primary patients are Billy, Henry, Jack and Albert. Billy  is the most normal of the group and their unofficial leader, though he is a pathological liar with delusions of grandeur and violent tendencies. Henry  is obsessive/compulsive and he has deluded himself into thinking he is one of the doctors at the hospital, often walking around with a clipboard, lab coat and stethoscope. Jack  is a former advertising executive who believes he is Jesus Christ. Finally, Albert  is a man-child who only says things what he hears during baseball games, particularly from former ball player and commentator Phil Rizzuto. Convinced that his patients need some fresh air and some time away from the sanitarium, Dr. Weitzman persuades the administration to allow him to take them to a baseball game at Yankee Stadium. Unfortunately, he accidentally encounters two crooked cops just as they murder another officer. The doctor then gets knocked unconscious trying to get away and is put in the hospital. The group is now stranded in New York City, forced to cope with a place which is often more bizarre than their sanitarium. One of the both comic and serious plot twists is that the inmates have to listen to Albert's baseball jargon in order to get clues as to what happened to Dr. Weitzman, because he is the only one who witnessed it . Two other running gags throughout the film are: Henry's threats to report psychologically disturbing behavior of the other patients ; and Billy's violent, unpredictable but ultimately harmless behavior in several different scenarios. A lesser gag is Jack, in his persona as Jesus Christ, causing a rousing sermon at a black church, only for the parishoners to come to their senses and expel him , and the other three patients get Jack new  clothes from an army surplus store. After Dr. Weitzman's beating and coma, it is up to the patients to save their doctor from being murdered by the crooked cops. They end up having to both use and overcome their delusions and disorders in order to save the only man who ever tried to help them, with both the police and the killers looking for them. Three revisit scenes from their pasts: Billy , Henry , and Jack . As each patient does so individually, they each behave in a sane, clear manner, Henry genuinely missing his family, Billy wishing to pursue a stronger relationship, and Jack appealing to his boss that he and his friends are in trouble . Throughout the film there are minor scenes showing the interaction between the two crooked police officers  and what their plans are in framing the patients for the murder of Officer Alvarez earlier in the film."] ['Mrs Hardy is annoyed that her husband Oliver seems to spend more time with his friend Stanley than with her. After a furious argument, Mrs Hardy says that she will leave him if Ollie goes out with Stan again. Stan suggests that Ollie adopts a baby, which he does. Unfortunately, his wife has left their apartment on returning, and a process server delivers a paper informing Ollie that she is suing him for divorce, naming Stan as co-respondent. The boys are now left to look after the infant on their own.'] ['The story revolves around a struggle to determine which of Satan\'s  three sons will succeed their father as ruler of Hell. Adrian  is the most devious, Cassius  is the cruelest and Nicky  is their father\'s favourite. Adrian and Cassius claim that Nicky\'s mother is a goat and torment him by controlling his body with their minds. Nicky has had a speech impediment and a disfigured jaw since Cassius hit him in the face with a shovel when he was a child. Having been the "Prince of Darkness" for ten thousand years, Satan assembles his sons to decide which of them will succeed him, but instead he keeps the throne for himself. Angered by this decision, Adrian and Cassius go to Earth to create a new Hell by possessing religious and political leaders in New York City. As they leave, they freeze the entrance to Hell, preventing more souls from entering and causing Satan\'s body to begin decomposing. To stop Adrian and Cassius, Satan sends Nicky to Earth with a silver flask that traps whoever drinks from it inside. At first, Nicky has trouble staying alive on Earth. He is killed several times, landing in Hell and returning to New York each time. While learning how to eat and sleep, he meets a talking bulldog named Mr. Beefy , rents an apartment with an actor named Todd  and falls in love with a design student named Valerie . Nicky\'s first encounter with his brothers occurs when Adrian sees him with Valerie, takes mental control of his body and makes him scare her away. Then Nicky sees Cassius on television, possessing the referee of a Harlem Globetrotters game. When he goes to the court and tricks Cassius into the flask, Satanist metalheads John  and Peter  are so thrilled with his performance that they become his devoted fans. That evening, Nicky tries to apologize to Valerie. The meeting goes badly at first, but she accepts him after he explains who he is and why he is on Earth. The next day, Adrian possesses the Chief of the NYPD  and accuses Nicky of mass murder using an edited scene from Scarface. Not knowing what to do, Nicky has Todd kill him so he can go back to Hell and ask his father for advice, but his father has trouble hearing because his ears have fallen off and his assistants are in a panic because the midnight deadline to capture Adrian and Cassius is only hours away. Back on Earth again, Nicky and his friends devise a plan to capture Adrian in a subway station, but Adrian discovers their trick. In the ensuing fight, Adrian grabs Valerie and dives onto the track as a train approaches, but Nicky throws her out of the way, leaving himself and Adrian to be killed by the train. Arriving in Hell just minutes before midnight, Adrian begins the process of taking over Hell by pushing what remains of his father aside and sitting on the throne, rising to Central Park and starting a riotous party. Meanwhile, Nicky wakes up in Heaven as a reward for sacrificing himself and meets his mother , an angel who tells him he can defeat Adrian with the "Inner Light" he inherited from her. After she gives him a mysterious orb, he goes to Central Park. Adrian appears to win a pitched battle by locking Nicky in the flask and turning himself into a bat, but Nicky escapes from the flask. When he shatters the orb, Ozzy Osbourne appears, bites Adrian\'s head off and spits it into the flask. With his brothers captured, Nicky is ready to save his father. After he sins to make sure he goes to Hell, he and Valerie express their love for each other and she kills him. In Hell, Satan regains his body and recommends that Nicky go back to Earth. The film ends a year later, when Nicky and Valerie live in New York with their infant son Zachariah. It is mentioned that John and Peter have died in a plane crash and are now living in Hell in Nicky\'s old room.'] ["Timmy Lea and his brother-in-law Sidney Noggett are working as entertainment officers at Funfrall, a typical British holiday camp. The staff are lazy and inefficient, preferring to laze by the pool rather than organise activities for the holiday campers. A new owner, Mr. Whitemonk, an ex-prison officer, takes over the camp and is determined to install discipline into the staff. He is on the verge of dismissing Timmy and Sidney; however, Sidney's suggestion of organising a beauty contest changes his mind. Producer Michael Klinger wasn't happy with the script, noting a number of problems that he felt detracted from the quality that set the series apart from its imitators.http://michaelklingerpapers.uwe.ac.uk/docs1/holiday%20camp2.pdf"] ['Donna Peyton  is a ten-year-old girl who inherits a $30,000,000 fortune when her millionaire industrialist father passes away. Per terms of his will, Donna must choose one of her six uncles  to become her new "father". Lewis also plays Willard Woodward, the family chauffeur who takes Donna to all of her uncles to stay with them for two weeks. Donna\'s uncles are: *James Peyton, a ferryboat captain; her father\'s oldest brother who served in the U.S. Navy during World War II. *Everett Peyton, a famous circus clown who hates kids and moves to Switzerland where he saved his money to avoid taxes. *Julius Peyton, a professional photographer who photographs female models. *Captain Edward "Eddie" Peyton, a pilot based in Los Angeles, California who owns his own airline  consisting of one plane, a Ford Trimotor. *Skylark Peyton, a Holmesian detective who loves tea and lived in England until he lost his passport and moved back to the United States. He is accompanied by his faithful companion, Dr. Matson ([[Sebastian Cabot  but Skylark pays more attention to a pool game in Robert Strauss\'s pool parlour than to Donna. *Bugsy Peyton, a gangster who everyone thought was killed by the mob. Only interested in Donna\'s inheritance, he kidnaps her. Willard rescues her by tricking the gangsters into believing they are surrounded by armed soldiers. The more time she spends with her uncles, the more Donna realizes that Willard should be her father: he was always a father to her even when her real father was still alive, because her father was too busy to spend time with her. Unfortunately the family lawyers will not allow her to choose Willard, insisting that she must choose one of her uncles. At the last minute, Uncle Everett shows up unexpectedly, asking Donna to choose him. To everyone\'s suprise, Donna agrees, and the two leave together. As they walk down the hallway, Donna reveals that she knows the truth: "Uncle Everett" is actually Willard in disguise. She recognized him because, as always, his shoes were on the wrong feet.'] ['The time is the 1890s. Captain Sam , owner of the showboat River Queen, travels along the Mississippi River bringing honest entertainment to each town. At a stop in Ironville, he meets Crawford ([[Alan Curtis , Bonita , and Bailey , who are wanted by the local sheriff. Against the advice of his daughter Caroline , his lead actor Dexter Broadhurst , and his chief roustabout Sebastian Dinwiddle , the Captain joins them for a card game at a local gambling house. The Captain is plied with alcohol until he is intoxicated and gets involved in a crooked card game where he loses controlling interest in the show boat to Bonita and Crawford. They turn the showboat into a floating gambling casino with every game rigged in their favor. Dexter and Sebastian help the captain regain ownership of his vessel and oust the unwanted criminals.'] ["George Lester  is an American living in Britain. His passion is get-rich-quick schemes, and they have caused financial and personal grief for him and his wife, Pamela,  who is considering divorce if he continues with them. Willy Homer  is a conman who plans to help George raise some quick cash by selling plans for a drill to a group of Arabs. The plans, which were stolen, are smuggled to Lisbon with help from his accomplice, Fred Davies . As they are about to trade the plans they realise that they are being double-crossed. A series of chases follow, and eventually the plans are revealed to be worthless to everyone. Distraught, George finds comfort in his wife and promises to never embark on any more 'get-rich-quick' schemes. That is, until Willy shows up at his door with another one!"] ['{{plot}} Marvin Mange  is a meek, uncoordinated man who dreams of being a police officer like his dad was. He tries a few times to pass the physical test to become a full-fledged police officer, but he just can\'t seem to finish the obstacle course. Marvin gets no respect from Sgt. Sisk . One day, while left alone at the station, he receives a robbery call. With all of the real policemen out at a softball game, Marvin rushes to the scene himself. Along the way, he swerves to avoid a seal in the road and crashes over a cliff. He is critically injured, but is rescued by Dr. Wilder , a mad scientist who puts Marvin back together using animal parts. Days later, Marvin is returned to his normal life with no memory of what he has just been through. Suddenly, he\'s full of life. He can outrun horses, mean dogs are now scared of him, and he doesn\'t need his asthma medicine anymore. He thinks it\'s due to his late-night TV purchase of "Badger Milk", which is guaranteed in the ads to make him stronger. One day at the park, Marvin meets Rianna  while she\'s out walking dogs from her animal shelter. His animal-like tendencies are slowly taking him over. When a frisbee is thrown in his direction, he can\'t control himself, and he jumps to catch it in his mouth. He goes to the airport to talk to his friend, Miles the security guard , about his problem. While there, Marvin sniffs out a man trying to hide heroin in his rectum. For uncovering a drug smuggler, Marvin is declared a hero and is made a full-fledged police officer. As days go by, Marvin\'s animal instincts are becoming stronger and stronger. He often wakes up in strange places, and subsequently, hears about animal attacks that occurred in the middle of the night. Because of these attacks, Dr. Wilder believes that Marvin is out of control. The mad scientist confronts him, takes him to his laboratory, and explains about the grafts and transplants that saved and changed Marvin\'s life, and gave him remarkable animal powers with certain problematic side effects. Later at a party thrown by the Mayor ([[Scott Wilson , Marvin chases after a cat and destroys everything around him. Marvin is fired on the spot. During his reprimand, he hears something, jumps into the nearby lake and rescues the mayor\'s son using powers derived from a sea lion and a dolphin. He is swiftly reinstated. Chief Wilson  questions Marvin about the late-night attacks on farm animals, because one of witnesses made a police sketch—and it is identical to Marvin. Rianna goes to Marvin\'s house, where he has barricaded himself inside. They spend the night together, but Marvin wants to be tied up so he can\'t hurt anyone anymore. In the morning, he finds himself untied, courtesy of Rianna. Suddenly, the police show up outside. Another attack had happened that night, and the police have come for Marvin. Rianna convinces him to run. Marvin escapes to the woods, where a huge chase ensues. The police have organized an angry mob into a search party to catch Marvin. While running through the woods, Marvin finds Dr. Wilder. The scientist tells him that there was another "patient" of his that is out of control, and he is in the woods looking for it. Sergeant Sisk confronts Marvin, and is about to shoot him. Suddenly, the other "animal" jumps from a tree and knocks Sisk down. The beast is Rianna. Now, the crowd finds them both together. Miles is there, and he takes the blame for everything. He has been claiming that there is reverse discrimination with him since he\'s black, and that no one wants to hold him accountable for anything. Sure enough, once the mob thinks a black man was the responsible party, they don\'t care anymore, and leave, one man  saying "I\'m never gonna be part of a mob to kill a black guy, I\'ll tell you that." Marvin and Rianna get married, and have a litter of children that each look like Marvin. While watching the television, they see Dr. Wilder win the Nobel Peace Prize. He says he owes it all to his fiancée, who happens to be the same woman from the Badger Milk commercial. When she turns around to kiss him, there are large scars shown on her back, implying that Wilder performed the experiment on her as well.'] ['The story begins with attorney Walter Fielding and his girlfriend Anna Crowley learning of his father Walter Sr.\'s wedding in Rio de Janeiro, after escaping the country after having embezzled millions of dollars from their musician clients. The next morning, the couple hears noises and are surprised to find workmen putting furnishings around their apartment and a man asking them, "you’re still here?!" It becomes clear that Walter and Anna do not own the apartment; it belongs to Anna\'s ex-husband Max Beissart , a self-loving conductor who has returned unexpectedly early from a tour in Europe and intends to take up residence again. Walter and Anna now need a place of their own. Through an unscrupulous real estate agent friend, Walter learns about a million dollar distress sale mansion. He and Anna meet the owner, Estelle , who claims she must sell the house quickly because her husband Carlos  has been arrested by the Israelis, having been accused of being Adolf Hitler\'s pool boy. Her sob story and insistence of keeping the place in candlelight in order to save money "for the goddamn, bloodsucking lawyers" distracts Walter and enchants Anna, who finds it romantic. Walter and Anna decide to buy the house, but Anna insists on putting up half of the money needed for the repairs. She turns to Max for her half of the money by selling him back what she got in their divorce. Walter gets his half from his wealthiest client, a rock star named Benny, who happens to be a kid. From the moment Walter and Anna take possession of the house, it quickly begins to fall apart. The entire front door frame rips out of the wall, the main staircase collapses, the plumbing is found to be full of gunk, the electrical system catches fire, the bathtub crashes through the floor , the chimney collapses and a raccoon has invaded the dumbwaiter. Contractors Art  and Brad Shirk  are called in, work permits are issued and the job is originally estimated to take two weeks. This is because the original intent was to demolish the house. Still, the estimate of two weeks is a running gag throughout the movie. When asked how long a process will take, the answer is always "two weeks". Walter is increasingly frustrated by the delays and increasing cost and dubs the house "the Money Pit". The repair work ends up taking four months. Anna attempts to secure more funds from Max by selling him some artwork she received in their divorce. Max does not care about the artwork, but gives her the money anyway. He wines and dines her and she ends up in a compromising situation. The morning after he agrees to buy the paintings from Anna, Max allows her to believe her assumption — having woken up in Max\'s bed — that she has cheated on Walter, but in reality Max slept on the couch. Walter later asks Anna point-blank if she slept with Max, but Anna hastily denies it. Walter\'s suspicions push Anna to admit that she slept with Max, but the damage is done. Anna later confides in Max that, "He  can\'t forgive me and I can\'t forgive him for that." Due to Walter and Anna\'s stubbornness, their relationship becomes more and more hostile and in a rare moment of agreement, vow to sell the house once it is restored and split the proceeds. This nearly happens, but Walter misses Anna and says he loves her even if she did sleep with Max. Anna happily states that she did not sleep with Max and the two reconcile. In the end, they are married in front of their new house. The movie ends with a cutaway back to Rio de Janeiro, where Estelle and Carlos — now revealed to be con artists — are taking a cash-filled briefcase from Walter Sr. and his new bride, who is thrilled to be getting such a great deal for a house.'] ['Atouk  is a bullied and scrawny caveman living in "One Zillion BC &ndash; October 9th"Apparently in memory of John Lennon who was killed 5 months before the film\'s release, was Ringo Starr\'s friend and bandmate with The Beatles, and whose birthday was October 9. He lusts after the beautiful but shallow Lana , who is the mate of Tonda , their tribe\'s physically imposing bullying leader. After being banished along with his friend Lar , Atouk falls in with a band of assorted misfits, among them the comely Tala  and the elderly blind man Gog . The group has ongoing encounters with hungry dinosaurs, and rescues Lar from a "nearby ice age", where they encounter an abominable snowman. In the course of these adventures they discover sedative drugs, fire, cooking, music, and learn how to walk fully upright. Atouk uses these advancements to lead an attack on Tonda, overthrowing him and becoming the tribe\'s new leader. He discards Lana and takes Tala as his mate, and they live happily ever after.'] ["Timid milkman Burleigh Sullivan  becomes involved in a brawl which ends up with Speed McFarland, the world middleweight champion being knocked out cold . McFarland's boss, the crooked Gabby Sloan , decides to promote Sullivan in a series of fixed fights that will culminate in him being knocked out in a real fight with McFarland. Against all the odds, Sullivan triumphs and becomes world champion."] ['The action in Haunted Spooks centres around Harold\'s romantic problems. It is set in the south "down the Mississippi and turn to the right". The opening sequence has an uncle reading a telegram regarding a will It tells him that his niece Mildred will inherit the house and plantation as long as she lives there for a year with her husband. He tells his wife that they must scare them out of the house. A lawyer visits the niece to tell her of the will. She tells him she isn\'t married and he says he can resolve the problem. We then jump to Harold who is disappointed in love and vying for the attention of the Other Girl in rivalry with her other potential suitor. They compete to be first to ask her father for her hand in marriage. Harold wins but when he returns to the girl she is in the arms of yet a third man, so he gives up. He then tries, with notable lack of success, to commit suicide. Firstly using a gun he finds on a path, which turns out to be a water-pistol; then standing in front of a tram, which takes a sudden turn; then he ties a rock around his neck and jumps off a low bridge into a lake, but this fails as it is only inches deep; he then picks a second bridge, but lands in a boat; and finally stands in front of a car, which stops in time, but contains the lawyer from the earlier scene. He takes Harold to Mildred and arranges their marriage. They then drive off to the mansion, with some jokes en route: the gesticulating passengers in the car in front appear to be signalling right then left, preventing overtaking; the birds in the back seat pecking his head. They reach the mansion and the uncle plays a series of tricks to make the house appear haunted. A series of people appear in white sheets and covered in flour until the prank is uncovered. In a more unusual prank a pair of trousers walk on their own, having a little black boy inside. We see Harold\'s hair stand on end then fall. The film ends with the couple asking one another what their name is and entering the bedroom together.'] ["Arthur Bach  is still rich and still drinks too much, but he and Linda  are now happily married. The one thing missing in their life is a child. Seeking revenge, billionaire Bert Johnson ([[Stephen Elliott , the father of Susan Johnson , the wealthy woman whom Arthur jilted at the altar, takes control of Arthur's inheritance, leaving Arthur broke and homeless. Susan wants him back and is willing to break up Arthur's marriage if that's what it takes. Arthur tries to sober up to rise up to the occasion and find a job, knowing his financial plight could ruin any chance he and Linda have of adopting a baby. Linda assures a representative from the adoption agency that, despite his drinking, Arthur would make a good father. Through an elaborate scheme, Arthur plots to get even with the Johnsons and get his money back. In the end, he not only is able to get his money back and adopt a child, but Linda discovers that she's pregnant."] ['{{Plot}} The film, set in Edwardian London, begins with a young couple courting in the woods. Doris Mann  is insistent that there is a peeping tom watching them from the bushes. Her boyfriend, Albert Potter , while grumbling that he\'s been dating her for a year and there\'s been nothing worth watching thus far, reluctantly leaves to scout the area, leaving Doris on her own. Suddenly, a hideous creature appears from behind a tree and abducts her. When Albert returns he is horrified to find Doris gone, and a hairy, clawed finger in her place. Terrified, he runs to the police. The bungling Constable Slobotham  takes the details of the case and phones his superior, the henpecked Sergeant Sidney Bung . Bung gets an earful from his nagging wife, Emily , about the noise the telephone is making as it is preventing her from sleeping. Slobotham reports the disappearance of Doris Mann, and Bung notes that she is the sixth woman to have vanished in Hocombe Woods within a year. After ordering Slobotham to keep Albert there, the long-suffering Bung hangs up and prepares to leave for the police station. As he does, Emily screams at him more. After interviewing Albert and seeing the strange finger the monster left behind, Bung, Slobotham, and Albert search the woods. The creature is searching for his finger but is disturbed by the arrival of Bung and Albert; Slobotham is guarding the sergeant\'s car. Albert and Bung notice a horrible stench in the air, and Slobotham faints with horror at the monster\'s appearance. As he lies unconscious, the creature tears the car apart then leaves. Bung and Albert find Slobotham and drive to an eerie manor house named Bide-A-Wee Rest Home. Inside a tall, Lurch-like butler, Sockett  greets them. When they inquire to see the master of the house, Sockett deadpans that the master has been dead for fifteen years, yet still persists in asking him if he can see them. Bemused, the three men enter the gothic manor and wait in the lounge. Watching them through the eyes of a portrait is the voluptuous lady of the manor, Valeria . After Sockett explains that the policemen want to see the master, Valeria reluctantly goes to wake her brother. She creeps through a secret passage to an underground laboratory and uses electricity to reanimate her brother, zombie Dr Orlando Watt . Dr Watt stumbles to greet the three men, and explains to them his dreams of reanimating his mummified Egyptian pharaoh, King Rubatitti. After getting a statement, Bung makes to leave but Watt collapses and his face begins to dissolve into the air. Albert wires Watt up to an electric plug and restores him. Bung refuses to acknowledge anything odd has happened, but is still unwilling to revisit the house. After they leave, Valeria is about to regenerate the monster who kidnapped Doris; the creature is named Oddbod, and it transpires that Dr Watt and Valeria and Oddbod are responsible for the missing women, as they kidnap innocent women and turn them into mannequins. When Bung returns home, he receives another nagging from his wife, yet manages to escape to the lab as they have a report on Oddbod\'s finger. The scientist describes it as coming from an extinct species of ape-man, but says he will wire it up to an electrical charge to see if it is a living membrane. Suddenly Albert turns up with a note from someone saying they know what happened to Doris. They go to the public washing house and meet Dan Dann, ([[Charles Hawtrey , who dilly-dallies about what happened to the girls. Unknown to them, Watt and Valeria have sent Oddbod to follow them, and Oddbod kills Dan by drowning him in a lavatory. Back at the lab, the scientist has accidentally managed to recreate another Oddbod, which kills him and goes to Bide-A-Wee, where he is adopted by the Watt family. Later that night, after Watt and Valeria have finished vitrifying another victim, Bung arrives at the manor and becomes infatuated with Valeria, who returns his love. After a wild night with Valeria, Bung is in a good mood, which is ruined after Albert is caught breaking into a shop, claiming one of dummies is his Doris. Obviously no one believes him. Bung returns to Valeria, as he cannot stop thinking about her. He lets slip about the confusion with Doris and the dummy, and she becomes worried. Valeria confides in Orlando and they scheme to get Doris back. Valeria poisons Bung and thus turns him into Mr Hyde, and sends him out to collect the dummy. Next morning Bung and Slobotham arrest Albert on suspicion of theft, but fail to prove anything as he has merely five toes, whilst the footprints in the shop had six. Albert leaves and Bung and Slobotham hatch a plan to set a trap for the monster who is abducting the women. Slobotham is disguised in drag and made to sit in the woods. Emily Bung follows them, thinking her husband is having an affair with this "woman" and Albert also follows, wanting to catch the creature. Emily and Slobotham are captured by the Oddbods, and taken to the manor. Albert and Bung find Oddbod\'s ear and go to see if Valeria is safe. Valeria and Orlando plot to rid themselves of Bung and his friends, by starting a new line of male dummies for tailors. Valeria persuades Bung and Albert to spend the night at the manor, and slips a viper into their bed as they sleep. Emily Bung is turned into a dummy, and they prepare to start on Slobotham. Bung kills the snake with a gun and Orlando sets the monsters on them. Bung and Albert attempt to escape through a secret passage and save Slobotham and discover the dummy of Doris. Albert manages to reanimate her and Bung finally accepts that there is something odd going on. As they try to escape, they are cornered by the Oddbods and are trapped in the lounge. As the monsters advance on them, Albert downs the poisoned brandy Valeria gave Bung earlier. Albert turns into Mr Hyde and defeats the Oddbods. Just as he returns to normal, Orlando and Valeria burst in and Orlando threatens to petrify them with a special formula. Before he can, lightning strikes a plug and brings the Egyptian mummy to life. Watt is delighted, yet the mummy turns on him and drags him into a boiling vat, with Watt screaming, "Frying Tonight!" Albert and Doris are married and visit Bung in his home. They are surprised to find that Mrs Bung is still a dummy, and that Valeria is now living with Sergeant Bung. The film ends with the dummy of Mrs Bung winking slyly at the camera.'] ['A group of four anarchist drummers led by a conductor and a female musician set out to make music with objects that are generally considered non-musical. They plan out a concert with four hilariously titled movements to be played across the city after carefully analyzing what objects can be used to make good music. They begin by playing in a hospital room using a fat patient admitted for rectal surgery for percussion. Their next piece is set in a bank where they "hold up" the staff and customers. They then feed banknotes into the shredding machine for a distorted bass sound. The next piece uses bulldozers thumping the ground at the fountain in front of an opera house. For the final crescendo, they strike the fountain knocking it to the ground. The last piece involves them hanging from high tension power cables and playing the suspended cables like violins. All the while, they are pursued by a tone-deaf policeman born into a distinguished musical family{{cite web}} who hates the sound of music.'] ['The film opens in the utopian future that results from the music of Bill  and Ted . Chuck De Nomolos , who detests this society, steals one of the time-traveling phone booths with the aid of two robots fashioned after Bill and Ted, and travels to the late 20th century, with the intent to prevent Bill and Ted from winning the San Dimas Battle of the Bands. Rufus  attempts to stop De Nomolos but becomes lost in the circuits of time. In the present, Wyld Stallyns is preparing for the contest; though Bill and Ted\'s current fiancées and former 15th-century princesses Elizabeth  and Joanna  have become skilled musicans, Bill and Ted are still inept. Despite this, the organizer Ms. Wardroe  assures them a slot in the contest as the final act. Bill\'s stepmother  divorces his father, in favor of Ted\'s, who still threatens Ted to military school, should they fail the Battle of the Bands. De Nomolos arrives and has the robots replace Bill and Ted, killing them by throwing the two over the side of a cliff at Vasquez Rocks. The robots behave rudely to the princesses and work to ruin the duo\'s fame. Bill and Ted\'s souls are met by Death ([[William Sadler  who challenges them in a game for their souls. Bill and Ted escape after giving Death a "melvin". They attempt to alert their families but their ethereal forms prove difficult, and at one point, are cast down into Hell at a séance held by Ted\'s stepmother Missy . In Hell, they are tormented by Satan , made to face their own fears, and realize their only escape is to take Death\'s offer. Taken to Death\'s chambers, the spirit gives them the option of what game to play. Bill and Ted, to Death\'s dismay, select modern games like Battleship, Clue, and Twister, easily beating Death. Death admits defeat and willingly becomes their servant. Bill and Ted recognize they need to locate the smartest person in the universe to help build robots to counter De Nomolos\' evil robots. Death escorts the two to Heaven, and with God\'s help, are directed to an alien named Station who has the ability to split into two identical twins, and readily offers to help Bill and Ted. Death brings them back to the mortal world, where it is the night of the Battle of the Bands. Bill and Ted take Station to a hardware store, and then race in their van back to the concert while Station constructs good robots. Just as the evil robots take the stage, Bill and Ted arrive, and Station\'s robots easily defeat the evil ones. De Nomolos appears in the time machine, ready to defeat Bill and Ted himself, and overrides the broadcasting equipment to send the video footage of this to everyone on the planet. The two recognize they can later go back in time to arrange events for De Nomolos to trap in the present, aided by Death and Station; though De Nomolos is able to do the same, Bill and Ted gain the upper hand, and De Nomolos is taken away by the police. Ms. Wardroe reveals herself to be a disguised Rufus, having assured Bill and Ted\'s spot in the concert, and urge them to play. As Bill and Ted reunite with their fiancées, they realize they are terrible musicians, and the four use the time machine; though they return immediately, "an intense 16 months of guitar training plus a two week honeymoon" have passed for them, they have married the princesses and each is raising a young infant. They begin to perform a stunning rock ballad, joined by Death, Station, and the good robots. The worldwide broadcast set by De Nomolos continues, and Wyld Stallyns\' music is played across the globe, creating harmony. During the end credits, fictional newspaper and magazine articles describe the worldwide impact of the Stallyns\' music towards the Utopian future.'] ['After escaping from jail where they had "one more week to serve," Laurel and Hardy travel to Scotland as stowaways on a cattle boat, where Laurel . After a series of mishaps, Laurel and Hardy join a Scottish regiment of the British army and travel to India, where they frequently run afoul of their Sergeant Major , and help their friend Alan  reunite with his love  Lorna McLaurel .'] ['That lovable know-it-all knucklehead Ernest P. Worrell,  who is working as a janitor at a local college, meets a history professor named Dr. Abner Melon ([[Ron James . After discovering an antique metal plate near a construction site, Ernest shows it to the professor who believes that it came from a Revolutionary War cannon called "Goliath." Dr. Melon had previously been ridiculed by his peers for theorizing that the real Crown Jewels of England were stolen during the Revolutionary War and were actually hidden inside the long-lost cannon. The two begin to search for the artifact near the construction site and eventually locate it inside an abandoned mine. Unfortunately, they are ambushed by historical antiquity collector and Abner\'s colleague Dr. Glencliff ([[Tom Butler  whom they then lead on an action-packed chase through the countryside. Things become more complicated for the twosome when British authorities hear about the incident and send a team of secret agents after them to retrieve the jewels. Abner\'s wife on the other hand is only after Ernest and Abner for the jewels. While everyone is hot on their trail, Ernest develops a deep friendship with Abner. After crashing the cannon into a forest, Ernest locates the jewels, not in the cannon\'s barrel as the legend describes but in the gunpowder kegs. After putting the crown on his head, he finds himself unable to remove it. Dr. Glencliff shows up, kidnaps Ernest and takes him to his clinic in an attempt to surgically remove the crown and kill him at the same time. Abner meets up with his wife and convinces her to help him save Ernest. While at the clinic, Ernest manages to escape from the surgery room and lead Dr. Glencliff on a chase through the building. When Ernest has nowhere else to hide, he and Glencliff have one last fight to get the crown before Abner arrives with the police. At the last minute, Glencliff takes an axe off of the wall and attempts to behead Ernest. Just as Ernest is moments away from death, Abner bursts through the door and hits Dr. Glencliff over the head with the same antique metal plate Ernest found, knocking him out. Ernest realizes that Abner has saved his life and they both realize that they have gone from being adversaries to friends. At the same time, British authorities arrive and explain to Ernest that the crown must be taken back to its rightful home. Ernest explains that it won\'t come off his head and the authorities declare that whoever wears the crown is King of England. Fortunately for Ernest , Dr. Melon removes the crown for Ernest by joking him about what is on his shirt, flicking Ernest in the face. It causes the crown to fall off Ernest\'s head while everyone laughs. The film ends with Ernest giving Abner a noogie while they argue about who would make a better king of England.'] ['{{Plot}} Max Grabelski ([[Daniel Stern  is involved with delivering packages to a millionaire named Reinhart Bragden  for a $50 tip for each one. He shows up one night, delivering one at 10 PM instead of 10 AM. Inside he finds a fire and Agent Palmer  tries to arrest him for starting it and killing Bragden, but he grabs a gun and escapes. On the news, Palmer falsely names Grabelski as the suspect in Bragden\'s murder. He also claims that he was trying to take money that was scheduled to be taken out of circulation. Grabelski then finds out from his boss that another package for Bragden is to be delivered to a place called Devil\'s Peak. He drives up there while, at the same time, Ranger Scout Troop 12 Scouts Gordy Patterson, Ralph, Dana Jareki, Barnhill, Milton Fishman, and Kelsey Jordan are planning an overnighter near there. He steals a car, drives to a gas station, and meets Scout Leader Jack Erickson , who was going to meet them there and whose Hummer he then steals at gunpoint when the gas station attendant figures out he is the wanted man. He switches places with Erickson, , gluing his hands and chin to the steering wheel, and takes his stolen station wagon. Grabelski heads to Devil\'s Peak but an officer informs him he is "late" for the troop. He is mistaken for the Scout Leader and finds himself in the midst of an overnighter. Police pull over the station wagon Erickson had taken and the police do not know he is the wrong person until they pull his glued hands, and chin from the steering wheel by force since he could not come out. FBI agents then swarm the base of Devil\'s Peak, as well as the scouts other terrified parents,  and Palmer and Erickson go after him and the troop . He begins acting weird around them, who see it as brilliance rather than crazy and they decide to scale the mountain rather than just have an overnighter. The troop then nickname him "Spider". He and the troop escape from Palmer and Erickson after the troop  accidentally urinate on them. They encounter a wooden bridge that is fragile in between two cliffs. Everyone manages to make it through the bridge, except Milton, who is afraid to go along and is stuck. Grabelski then cuts the bridge using an axe so that Palmer and Erickson can\'t go across. Palmer tries to shoot Grabelski down with a sniper rifle, but Erickson, who fears that Milton will fall off the bridge, stops him from shooting Grabelski. Grabelski threatens to cut the bridge down anyway with Milton still on it, and just before he can cut the other side of the bridge, Milton runs and makes it to the other side of the cliff, while Grabelski fully cuts the wooden bridge down. When night falls, they stop and rest and make a campfire using pinecones, in which Grabelski accidentally takes a beehive and mistakes it as a pinecone and is stung a number of times. Later that night, Dana secretly shows a Playboy magazine for Ralph and Barnhill to see, but Grabelski catches them looking at the explicit pictures, and takes it away from them and looks at the magazine himself. When Dana persuades Grabelski to talk about sexual intercourse, he, at first, declines this, but Milton falsely claims that the manual says that the Scout Leader can talk about these things, and he agrees to talk about it. Using Kelsey\'s Barbie doll\'s, Grabelski re-enacts how it is done , but at the end, the whole troop is in shocked to realize what sex really is in real life. The following morning, Gordy is on the radio and hears their troop number and that they are "being held hostage by a psychotic murderer" and they realize "Spider" is "Mad Max" Grabelski rather than the Scout Leader originally sent to help them. The troop investigate the tent Grabelski is sleeping in. Grabelski, in a near-sleepwalk experience, accidentally pulls his pistol out  in front of the troop and points it at Grody\'s face, scaring the entire troop. They send out smoke signals for help, which Palmer and Erickson see, but it accidentally spells "BELP", rather than "HELP". The troop then drug a canteen, using sleeping pills, cough syrup, and allergy medicine so that when Grabelski drinks the canteen, he will fall asleep. The plan works, but not before Milton calls Grabelski\'s last name by mistake. Palmer, however, shows up alone and "arrests" Grabelski, and Gordy senses that something is wrong. At first the troop believe to the fact that he is a murderer, but when a helicopter is heard in the trees, the troop, except Gordy, think they are safe until the chopper flies past them. They then realize Grabelski is innocent when Bragden arrives alive and explains the situation to him. Bragden and Palmer are in on the scheme and try to frame him because "no one gives a damn about him". They will then get away with the money once and for all. It is then revealed Palmer tied Erickson to a tree nearby. Not only Bragden and Palmer want to kill Grabelski, but they also want to kill the troop as well. Before Palmer can shoot Grabelski with his revolver, the troop launch rocks at the them via Kelsey\'s bra. They manage to hit Palmer with one of the rocks, but when they try to hit Bragden next, he ducks and the rock accidentally hits Grabelski in the face and falls in the river. Bragden and Palmer then chase after the troop, determined to kill them all. Dana is separated in the chase, and runs downriver to avoid capture. The remaining troop are trapped in a cliff and with Bragden and Palmer approaching them, they have no choice but to jump in the water. Milton jumps last, just when Bragden and Palmer try to capture him, but when Palmer tries to grab him, he only grabs his scout hat, as Milton jumps in the water. They chase them using the helicopter so that Palmer will try to shoot and kill Grabelski and the troop with his sniper rifle again, but fail and Grabelski and the troop end up getting away after surviving a near-death experience on a waterfall, with the help of Dana pulling them inland. Hearing the helicopter approaching them, they throw their bags in the river to make them think they are dead. As the helicopter approaches, they hide in the bushes to avoid being spotted. The bags fall down the waterfall and they believe it and leave. They then resume their journey to Devils Peak. At night, it starts to down pour and thunder, but they manage to find a cave. In the cave, they discuss what they should do to Bragden and Palmer when they get to the top of the mountain and their cabin, but Grabelski declines the act of violence against them, and to only foil the scheme. The next morning, after sleeping in the cave, the gang heads towards Devil\'s Peak while the Troop Leader, Gordy\'s mother, Aggie Patterson , discovers a note left by Grabelski that has an address written on it  and she drives up there only to be tied up in a chair by Bragden. The troop makes it to the top, and the truck arrives with the last $10 million. Hearing the kids arguring that they want to go with them to resuce Gordy\'s mom and foil the scheme, Palmer catches them and tries to kill all of them, starting with Grabelski first, but Erickson arrives just in time before he can shoot them and the kids glue him to a tree. Grabelski tries to untie Mrs. Patterson, and when he tries to take the tape out of her mouth, she angrily accuses him for taking the kids on the dangerous camping trip and for not being a real Scout Leader, which causes him to put the tape back in her mouth to avoid being heard. As he tries to untie her, they are caught by Bragden. Bragden forces Grabelski and Patterson at gunpoint to the porch and tries to shoot them dead. Before he can kill them, Gordy charges at Bragden. He almost shoots Gordy when he swings the pistol at him. Gordy accidentally trips on a piece of wood and falls off the cliff as Bragden moves out of the way, but not before Gordy manages to knock the pistol off his hand. Bragden tries to run away, but Grabelski subdues him by punching him in the face, knocking his teeth out and knocking him unconscious. Grabelski has already foiled Bragden\'s scheme, but now has to save Gordy, who is holding on a branch on the side of the cliff that is already cracking. Grabelski is able to rescue him, just as the branch gives way, and the troop receives Eagle Scout honors. He is proven innocent and receives Scout Leader honors. The movie ends with Grabelski and the troop being swarmed by a giant group of kids that are heading to Yosemite with him.'] ['In the 19th Century Missouri, a troll, named Trantor, is responsible for kidnapping children and turning them into wooden dolls is captured by the townsfolk led by Phineas Worrell who binds the troll under the roots of a great oak tree. But before they can complete the ritual, Trantor casts a curse on the townsfolk that he will return and once he has captured five children, his children will be born from that very tree and overrun humanity. He also curses Phineas that each generation of Worrells would be born less and less intelligent so not to thwart his next attempt. The film then fast forwards to the 20th century, nearly one hundred years later where the legend of Trantor is being told by a girl named Elizabeth, but the story is dismissed as a folklore and fiction. Meanwhile, Ernest P. Worrell  works as a sanitation engineer for the town and is close friends with Elizabeth and her two friends Joey and Kenny, the son of the town sheriff. After their haunted clubhouse is ruined by the Mayor\'s two bullying sons, Ernest promises to find them a better place to build one shortly before he is ordered to clear the land of Old Lady Hackmore  but he is frightened off by her, and when running through her land, he comes across a gigantic tree, which he and the kids decide to turn into a treehouse. Unbeknownst to them that it is the same tree under which Trantor is buried, and when Ernest accidentally incites the incantation to summon Trantor, he releases the troll. Unable to get help from Sheriff Binder, Ernest goes to Old Lady Hackmore for help while Joey falls victim to Trantor. The next day, Joey\'s disappearance concerns Kenny and Elizabeth while Tom and Bobby Tulip, claiming to be the only two to believe Ernest\'s warnings of a troll take advantage of him by selling him fake troll-trapping devices, many of which backfire. One of them traps the Mayor\'s sons in a dumpster which results in his immediate firing. Meanwhile, Trantor captures a skateboarder, and later that night Elizabeth who finds Trantor had invaded her bedroom. While trick or treating, Kenny is lured away from a friend by hearing Elizabeth\'s voice and his friend is taken as the fourth victim. Ernest then learns through a book that Old Lady Hackmore has that two things can destroy Trantor; "The heart of a child." and "A mother\'s care." an inscription of MI_K is Ernest\'s only clue which he thinks is "Miak" but he later learns it\'s milk. And Hackmore learns that "A mother\'s care" is unconditional love. They arrive too late for Trantor to attack and capture the Mayor\'s youngest son as his final wooden doll, and out of spite, transforms Rimshot as well. Kenny realizes Trantor\'s weakness, and gathers the mayor\'s other son and a group of the neighborhood kids to fight Trantor with milk. They are too late to stop Trantor\'s pods from hitting the ground and giving birth to his children who attack the townsfolk. Kenny and the others launch a defensive and manage to destroy all of the trolls except for Trantor who becomes too powerful to be affected by milk. He turns Kenny into a wooden doll and faces Ernest, who realizes that the only weapon that will affect Trantor is the heart of a child and he showers Trantor in love and affection, dancing with him and giving him a kiss on the nose. This overload of affection causes Trantor\'s head to explode and disintegrate, and the people of the town celebrate and congratulate Ernest; to their joy, Trantor\'s spell is broken on the children he had taken, the five from that night as well as four children from the 19th century including Hackmore\'s sister who reunites with her now-older sister. Ernest bouts in depression, wondering if he\'d get anything out of saving the town and everyone\'s lives when Rimshot comes running and leaping into his arms, making it a happy night for everyone.'] ['Axel Nordstrom manages a glass-bottom boat tourist operation in the waters of Santa Catalina Island, California. His widowed daughter, Jennifer Nelson, occasionally helps by donning a mermaid\'s costume and swimming underneath his boat for the passengers\' amusement. One day, Jennifer accidentally meets Bruce Templeton when his fishing hook snags her costume. He reels in the bottom half of her mermaid costume, leaving the irate Jennifer floating in the water without pants. Jennifer later discovers that Bruce is the main manager of her part-time place of employment, an aerospace research laboratory. Mr. Templeton later sees Jennifer again at work and recognizes her, and with a hidden purpose, he hires her for a new full-time assignment: to be his "biographer" and to write his life story. His hidden purpose is to make an attempt to win Jennifer\'s affections. There is a problem. The laboratory\'s security chief, Homer Cripps, concludes that Jennifer is a Soviet spy, and to prove his suspicions, he has Jennifer surveilled. When she learns of the notion, Jennifer disproves the bumbling Cripps.'] ['Chicago resident Clark Wilhelm Griswold Jr.  has really got the Christmas spirit this year, and his wife Ellen , son Rusty , and daughter Audrey  have noticed that. On a quest for "The Griswold Family Christmas Tree," Clark has planned a "good, old-fashioned family Christmas." Clark has invited Ellen\'s parents Art Smith  and Frances Smith , his own parents Clark Wilhelm Griswold Sr ([[John Randolph  and Nora Griswold , and his Aunt Bethany  and Uncle Lewis ([[William Hickey  to spend the holidays at the Griswold house in Chicago. But in spite of all the good intentions and careful planning, Christmas plans start to go awry. Clark is obsessed with making everything go perfectly during the holiday season, but as soon as everyone arrives, things start going haywire, especially when the Griswolds receive some uninvited surprise guests from Kansas -- cousin Catherine , her sloppy husband Eddie , and two of their kids, Rocky  and Ruby Sue . Clark decorates the outside of the house with 250 strands of lights with 100 bulbs on each strand for a total of 25,000 light bulbs, enough to make the power company turn on their auxiliary nuclear generator. However, he accidentally wires them up to his garage light, causing him to believe he has fixed them every time someone turns it on. Clark also annoys his snobby next door neighbors, Todd Chester  and his wife Margo . Also, Clark has nostalgic moments of Christmas past when he is accidentally locked in the attic, and watches an old home movie from a past Christmas . Even with his bumbling ways, Clark, who works for a company that produces food colorings, additives, and preservatives, manages to keep things going as he waits for his Christmas bonus from work so he\'ll have enough money to have a swimming pool put in the back yard. But it turns out that Clark\'s boss, a scrooge whose name is Frank Shirley , has decided to cut Christmas bonuses this year, without informing his employees. And Clark learns that Eddie and his family have lost their home, and are living in the RV. And in the place of his Christmas bonus, Clark is enrolled in the "Jelly of the Month" club. That causes Clark to snap and unleash a string of insults regarding Frank. This situation gives Eddie the idea for the perfect Christmas gift for Clark after Clark offers to help Eddie treat Rocky and Ruby Sue to a good Christmas -- Eddie goes to Frank\'s house, puts Frank in the RV, and brings Frank to the Griswold house, so Eddie and the Griswolds can help Frank see the error of his ways. Frank finally sees reason about the Christmas bonuses. A SWAT team, called by Frank\'s wife Helen , raids the home, but Frank explains that it\'s all a misunderstanding and admits he was wrong to withhold bonuses from his employees. He then decides to give Clark his bonus, along with an added 20%. Uncle Lewis\'s cigar ignites the gas from the sewage Eddie had earlier dumped down the storm drain while emptying the holding tank on his RV, blasting a Santa ornament into the sky. Everyone watches the strange but touching sight, whilst Aunt Bethany sings a part of The Star-Spangled Banner, as Clark realizes his dream of the perfect family Christmas. The Santa and reindeer lawn ornaments fly across the sky, having been propelled by the explosion.'] ['The opera season has opened in New York City, and building contractor Leonard Borland , who comes from a working class background, is coping with the musical ambitions of his wife Doris , who is from a socially prominent family. Despite his misgivings that she has no talent, she is being trained for a career in singing by the voice teacher Hugo .<ref namehttp://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?stidFull%20Synopsis |title2009-03-08 |workTurner Classic Movies }} Doris prepares for a recital that Leonard supports, hoping that will get singing "out of her system." The performance is witnessed by opera singer Cecil Carver , who is attracted to Leonard and believes that Doris lacks sufficient talent to become a pro. Cecil accidentally discovers that Leonard ironically does have a great operatic voice, and offers to train him. After returning to New York in preparation for a national tour, Leonard finds Doris has become ill because she was booed off the stage in her professional debut. He does not join Cecil on the tour. That night, Doris is confronted by Cecil at a party. Leonard claims innocence to adultery, and performs "On the Road to Mandalay" to prove his musical talent. Doris becomes despondent, and she and Leonard split up.'] ["A competition is held between two brothers on their father's ski slopes one is a skier the other a snowboarder. The competition would determine if snowboarders could be allowed to be a part the ski patrol."] ["Bo Hooper , a clown, finds himself unemployed when the circus where he works suddenly closes. He winds up living with his sister , against the wishes of her husband Robert . From there he goes from job to job, wreaking havoc along the way. He finally finds some stability as a postal worker, until he finds out that his boss is his girlfriend's father. The father hates all mail carriers because his daughter's ex-husband was one, so he tries to wreck Bo's life, but Bo overcomes the odds and succeeds not only at work, but at impressing the father."] ['Chaplin and Sterling play two young men, Masher and Rival Masher, who fight over the chance to help a young woman  cross a muddy street. Sterling first sees the woman trying to cross and offers her an umbrella he stole from a policeman, and asked her to wait for him as he goes to get something to help her. Then Chaplin comes along and offers the woman to help her cross as well and wait for his return. While Sterling and Chaplin go to get the logs, a policeman  lifts the woman across the street. When Sterling returns with the log, he was indignant that the woman did not wait for him to come back to help her cross the muddy street, and demands the umbrella back. When the woman refused, they engage in a fight which eventually involves Chaplin.'] ["Ted Higgins  and Tommy Hinchcliffe  work for the Speedy Service Window Washing Company. They run into a bookie named Nick Craig , who, after mistaking them for employees of the Speedy Messenger Service, sends them to Mr. Stewart's  office to collect $50,000 owed to him. But Stewart has plans of his own: he hires two thugs to rob Ted and Tommy of the money he has just paid. Tommy flees from the robbers and takes refuge in a room with a gaggle of women who are mailing face powder samples. He hides the money in an envelope and addresses it to Craig, but it is accidentally switched with an envelope containing a powder sample. Ted and Tommy return to Craig's office and explain what happened; they assure him that the cash will arrive in the mail the next day. When face powder  arrives in the mail, an irate Craig gives Ted and Tommy 24 hours to return his money. The boys attempt to contact everyone on the mailing list until they finally locate the recipient, Carol , who informs them that she spent most of the money and has only about $2,000 left. The three of them go to the race track hoping to gamble the remaining cash to win enough money to pay back Craig. They encounter a strange fellow named Julius Caesar , who claims to have never lost a bet. They refuse to follow his betting advice, only to see his horse win, and they are left with nothing. Ted, abandoning hope, decides that they would be safest in jail, so they run up a huge tab in a nightclub. Just as they are about to be arrested, Craig and his henchmen show up and demand the money. After Ted and Tommy reply that they do not have it, the thugs take them to a nearby construction warehouse and begin pouring cement in which to dump them. Meanwhile, Carol and Caesar have been sitting at the bar, betting large amounts on fish at the club's aquarium. Caesar loses and hands her the $50,000 that she has just won, to her amazement. It turns out Caesar is actually an eccentric millionaire named J.C. MacBride, and they all arrive at the warehouse in time to pay back Craig."] ["Walter Davis  allows his brother, Ted , to set him up on a blind date with his wife's cousin, Nadia . Nadia is shy and the two experience some awkwardness. However, as the evening goes on, Nadia begins to drink and behave in a wild manner.  To make matters worse, Nadia's jealous ex-boyfriend, David , exacerbates the situation by stalking the couple all night. Walter ends up driven insane by Nadia's mishaps, wreaking havoc at a party and getting arrested after menacing David with a mugger's revolver. He even forces David to do a moonwalk before firing at the frightened man's feet. Nadia posts $10,000 in bail and agrees to marry David if he will help Walter avoid prison time. Before the wedding, Walter gives Nadia chocolates filled with brandy. Walter attempts to stop the wedding. Chaos ensues."] ['Stan and Ollie are down to their last six bucks and call a lift to a job agency to find work. A City Water Dept. truck driver offers them a lift and drenches them with water as a joke and leaves them behind. They finally arrive in a badly damaged car that has been towed away. At the job agency a call comes from Mrs. Vandeveer looking for a maid and butler to help at a dinner party she is holding that night. Ollie tells the receptionist they can fill the post and to leave it to them. They arrive and Stan is dressed in drag, pretending to be the maid "Agnes". At the dinner party, Stan eats the nibbles he is supposed to be giving to the guests and tips the rest into Mrs. Vandeveer\'s lap. Ollie calls the guests to the meal with a hand held xylophone. He says "there is everything From Soup To Nuts folks, come and get it". Stan is told to take the cocktails and instead of clearing them away he drinks them and becomes drunk. Ollie gets the guests to sit down with the men on one side and the women on the other side of the table. Mr. Vandeveer tells Ollie to change the seating arrangement and Ollie begins to move the guests around for a while until Mr. Vandeveer gets impatient and tells them to sit anywhere they like at the table. Mr. Vandeveer then tells the drunken Stan to "serve up the salad without dressing" so Stan serves the salad in his underwear. Seeing this, Mr. Vandeveer angrily storms into another room to take a rifle. Mrs. Vandeveer arrives, having changed her dress, and faints at the sight of Stan. Mr Vandeveer returns, rifle in hand, and chases Stan and Ollie out of the house. A single gunshot is heard and Mr. Vandeveer returns, followed by a policeman, who tells him, "why don\'t you be more careful, you almost blew my brains out". When the cop turns to leave, the seat of his pants have a large jagged hole ripped in them, revealing smouldering undershorts. Stan and Ollie then become road sweepers and wonder why they are always in the gutter. They decide to get an education because in Stan\'s words "we\'re not illiterative enough". They are sitting outside the Farmers & Merchants Bank of Commerce building eating a packed lunch, while a robbery is taking place inside. They inadvertently catch the robber when he slips on a banana peel tossed on the street by Stan. A grateful bank manager offers them a reward by suggesting that they could have a job in his bank. When Oliver mentions they would not be much use since he and Stan do not have an education, the bank president expands on their goal to attend night school by saying, "If it\'s an education you want, you shall have the finest education money can buy." He enrolls Stan and Ollie at Oxford University in England, and they depart the U.S. towards Oxford by steamship. When Stan and Ollie arrive at the university, the snobby undergraduate students, led by the mischievous Johnson  decide to give them the "royal initiation," which involves a number of pranks. They are sent off into a maze in order to get a pass to see the dean and quickly became lost. One of the students  dresses as a ghost in order to frighten Stan and Ollie, and while they sit on a bench to sleep, the ghost\'s hand comes through the hedge to help Stan smoke his pipe and cigar . They spend all night in the maze and exit the next morning. Johnson poses as the dean and gives Stan and Ollie the real dean\'s quarters to live in. They make themselves at home only to be confronted by the dean. The prank is uncovered and Johnson is due to expelled. Before this happens the students decide to run Stan and Ollie out so they can\'t give evidence against Johnson. The boys are taken to their real quarters where Meredith the valet recognises Stan as Lord Paddington, the "greatest athlete and scholar the university ever had". He says that Lord Paddington had lost his memory when the window fell on his head and wandered from campus. Stan and Ollie dismiss his story as a "dizzy spell". The students arrive and decide to throw Stan and Ollie out of the window. Stan and Ollie decide to escape through the window and in doing so the window falls on Stan\'s head, which transforms him back into Lord Paddington. When the students accuse him of "squealing", he becomes angry and his ears wiggle—something that occurs whenever Lord Paddington becomes angry, according to Meredith\'s story—after which he throws all of the students out of the window. However, Stan does not remember Ollie any longer so he becomes furious when Ollie tells him of his former life and throws Ollie out the window as well. Lord Paddington takes pity on Ollie and employs him to be his personal valet. He calls Ollie by the nickname "Fatty" and criticises him which makes Ollie so angry he quits his job. Stan hears students come to cheer him outside and as he looks out of the window it falls on him once again, returning him back to his usual self.'] ["Nicky Wilson  and Oscar Sullivan  are inept 1920's scam artists who see pay dirt in the guise of Fredericka Quintessa Bigard , the millionaire heiress to a sanitary napkin fortune. She is in love with the already married Nicky, but because the Mann Act prohibits him from taking her across state lines and then engaging in immoral relations, he proposes she marry Oscar and then carry on an affair with the man she really wants. Oscar, who is wanted for embezzlement and anxious to get out of town, is happy to comply with the plan, although he intends to claim his spousal privileges after they are wed. Once they reach Los Angeles, the two men try everything they can to separate Freddie from her inheritance, without success but with enough determination to arouse her suspicions. When she announces she plans to donate all her money to charity, Nicky and Oscar panic and come to the conclusion murder might be their only recourse if they're going to achieve their goal."] ['After being found innocent on a charge of chicken stealing, the Stooges attempt to catch a live fish from a pet store aquarium tank. A beat cop  catches them in action and gives chase, forcing the boys to pose as plumbers ato avoid being incarcerated.  The Stooge manage to destroy the entire plumbing system in the home in grand fashion. Curly attempts to repair a leak in the upstairs bathroom and ends up constructing a maze of pipes that traps him. Larry digs up the front lawn in search of the water shutoff valve. In addition, Moe and Curly end up connecting a water pipe with another nearby pipe housing electrical wires, leading to water exiting every electrical appliance in the mansion. The homeowner arrives to see his house in shambles and accidentally undoes the Stooges convoluted repair work. At they are about to reprimand him, it becomes clear that the homeowner happens the very judge who found them innocent a few hours earlier.'] [' The McCallister family prepares to spend Christmas in Miami, Florida. Ten-year-old Kevin, Peter and Kate\'s youngest son, sees Florida as contradictory to what he thinks an appropriate Christmas environment is, particularly noting the lack of Christmas trees. During the school Christmas concert, Kevin\'s older brother Buzz humiliates him during his solo, causing Kevin to retaliate. Kevin refuses to apologize for his actions, and, still angry with the family\'s decision to go to Florida, he storms up to the third floor bedroom of the house, where he wishes that he had his own money so he could go on his own vacation. During the night, Peter unknowingly resets the alarm clock and causes the family to oversleep. Meanwhile, a piece of newspaper is blown into the house\'s main door, revealing that Harry and Marv have escaped from detainment. In the confusion and rush to reach the airport on time, Kevin gets onto a flight to New York City while loading his Talkboy with new batteries and the family does not realize it until after they land in Florida. Meanwhile, in New York, Kevin tours the city and uses the Talkboy to check into the Plaza Hotel. However, he finds himself scared by the appearance of a woman tending to pigeons in Central Park. On Christmas Eve, Kevin tours the city in a limousine and visits Duncan\'s Toy Chest, a local toy store, where he meets the philanthropic owner, Mr. Duncan. There, Kevin discovers the proceeds from Christmas sales will be donated to a children\'s hospital. Mr. Duncan allows him to take a pair of ceramic turtledoves as a gift, instructing him to give one to another person as a sign of eternal friendship. After running into the Wet Bandits, Harry Lyme and Marv Merchants, Kevin is chased to the hotel. Mr. Hector, the hotel concierge, confronts Kevin about the credit card, which came up as being stolen. Kevin flees, but is captured by the Wet Bandits. They discuss plans for robbing Duncan\'s Toy Chest that night, before Kevin flees in the back of a hansom cab. In Florida, the McCallisters discover that Kevin has been found using Peter\'s credit card in New York. The family flies to New York and Kate desperately tries to find Kevin. Having noted earlier that his uncle Rob has a townhouse in New York, Kevin attempts to visit him. He successfully reaches the location but finds the house vacant and undergoing renovations and that his uncle and his family are in Paris. In Central Park, he comes across the pigeon lady. However, when Kevin gets his foot caught while attempting to run away, she frees him. While watching a local orchestra perform from a musical instruments storage room above Carnegie Hall, Kevin learns how her life has fallen apart and how she dealt with it by taking care of the pigeons in the park; he promises to be her friend. After leaving the hall, Kevin heads to the townhouse and sets up various booby traps inside it. Kevin arrives at the toy store during Harry and Marv\'s break-in, throws a brick tied with a note to Mr. Duncan through the window to set off the store\'s alarm, and is chased into the townhouse. After the two spring every trap in the house, Kevin flees to a phone booth and dials 9-1-1. The Wet Bandits catch Kevin when he slips on a patch of ice and take him to Central Park. The pigeon lady finds out and throws birdseed on them before they can kill Kevin. He sets off fireworks he had bought earlier to signal the police. Shortly after, Harry and Marv are arrested. At the toy store, Mr. Duncan finds Kevin\'s note and realizes his role in stopping the robbery. Kate comes across two police officers in Times Square, and remembers Kevin\'s fondness for Christmas trees. Kevin makes a wish at the Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree. There, he sees Kate and the two of them meet and reconcile. A truckload of gifts from the toy store arrives at the hotel as a reward to the McCallisters. Buzz and Kevin have a moment of reconciliation and allows him to open up the first present, but Kevin goes to Central Park to give the pigeon lady a turtledove, reaffirming his promise. At the hotel, Cedric delivers Kevin\'s room service bill, totaling $967.43, to Buzz. Peter interrupts Kevin by calling out, "Kevin, you spent $967 on room service?", at which point he runs back and the film ends.'] ['Commandant Eric Lassard  decides that the police force is overworked and understaffed, so he comes up with the idea of recruiting civilian volunteers to work side-by-side with his officers in a program called "Citizens On Patrol" . Carey Mahoney  and his friends Moses Hightower , Larvell Jones , Eugene Tackleberry , Zed , Sweetchuck , Laverne Hooks , and Debbie Callahan  are in charge of training the civilians. The civilians include the enormous Tommy "House" Conklin , gung-ho senior citizen Lois Feldman , and skateboarding delinquents Kyle  and Arnie . Captain Thaddeus Harris  believes "the concept of citizens doing police work is asinine" and plans to take over Lassard\'s job, and that\'s why Harris is determined to see the COP program fail. When Lassard leaves on an overseas conference, Harris, along with his right hand man Lt. Proctor , are put in charge of the academy and Harris immediately plots to make the COP volunteers quit and leave the police work to the officers. The volunteers do well in their training, Mrs. Feldman excelling in firing Tackleberry\'s .44 Magnum. In training for water safety and drowning victim rescue, Zed "rescues" a cadet but experiences a personal loss of his no longer functioning watch, and mourns the death of the cartoon character inside of it saying it was the last thing he ever stole before joining the academy. Through his loss Zed gains a love interest, Laura , a reporter/photographer who has come to the academy to view Lassard\'s COP program and takes a fancy to Zed. Unfortunately Harris ruins the moment and insults Zed and Laura, which causes Zed to replace Harris\'s deoderant with mace. In the next scene while Zed instructs the volunteers on the very important matter of how to correctly eat a donut, Harris is seen wearing a medical device suspending his arms in the air. Despite the pranks played upon him during the various training exercises the volunteers take, Harris is determined to make the Citizens on Patrol program fail. Jones learns that volunteers House, Kyle, and Arnie believe themselves ready to go out and catch criminals, so Jones, Mahoney, Hightower, and Tackleberry play a prank on the boys to make them take their training more seriously. Later, after being yelled at again by Captain Harris and being called a disgrace, Zed is comforted again by Laura, who says she thinks he is perfect. After several volunteers foil an undercover police sting, the Citizens on Patrol program is suspended, much to Harris\'s delight. While Harris gives a tour of his precinct, Proctor messes up and is tricked by the inmates into releasing every inmate at the precinct 19 jail, including a team of ninjas, and special guest Randall "Tex" Cobb When Lassard\'s officers hear of the jailbreak, the COP volunteers are dispatched along with the regular officers to catch the escaped felons, which include a team of ninja warriors. After stopping a robbery, and a high speed air balloon chase, the felons are all recaptured. Meanwhile House, Kyle, and Arnie save Harris and Proctor from drowning in a river. And Zed impresses his girlfriend Laura by saving Sweetchuck\'s life after they both fall out of a plane in mid-air. The several police chiefs who came to witness Lassard\'s program in action congratulate and compliment Lassard on his program and his officers.'] ['During a surprise 42nd birthday party for George Webber, a well-known composer of popular music, he finds himself coping badly with incipient middle age. When he catches a glimpse of a mysterious woman en route to her wedding, he is instantly obsessed by her beauty, and―despite the presence of his lover Samantha Taylor―follows the woman to the church where he crashes into a police cruiser and is stung by a bee. George visits the priest, and learns that the woman is Jenny Miles, daughter of a prominent Beverly Hills dentist. Later that night, Sam and George have an argument about George\'s failure to give her the attention she needs, his use of the term "broad", and the fact that he and his neighbor  watch each other perform carnal acts using telescopes. The final straw for Sam occurs when George makes a remark subtly impugning her femininity at which point Sam leaves in a huff. The following day, George and Sam suffer a series of mishaps that prevent them from reconciling, including George spying on his neighbor until hitting himself with his telescope and falling down an embankment, causing him to miss Sam\'s phone call. In addition, George schedules a dental appointment with Jenny\'s father, and while in the dentist\'s chair, subtly leads the dentist into disclosing that his daughter and her husband went to Mexico for their honeymoon. The examination also reveals a mouthful of cavities, requiring the dentist to spend the entire afternoon inserting fillings in George\'s teeth. The after effects of the novocaine, which are aggravated by his heavy drinking immediately after, leave him completely incoherent and when Sam finally reaches him on the phone she mistakes him for a madman and calls the police. The police storm his house, but recognizing him they leave amicably. He visits his neighbor\'s house to take part in an orgy just as Sam arrives at his house, and she spots him through his telescope, widening the rift between them. Later, George impulsively follows the newlyweds to their exclusive hotel in Manzanillo, Colima, Mexico. In the bar, George encounters an old acquaintance, Mary Lewis, who suffers from a lack of self-confidence because she blames herself for a series of failed relationships. When they attempt a fling that night, she interprets George\'s inadequacy in bed as confirmation of her insecurities despite her better-than-average looks and easygoing disposition. One hot day at the beach, George sees Jenny―suntanned and dressed in a one-piece swimsuit and her hair braided in cornrows―which furthers George\'s obsession. He notices that David, Jenny\'s husband, has fallen asleep on his surfboard. Pretending to inquire about renting a surfboard, George learns that beyond a certain point are powerful currents that can sweep a swimmer or surfer dangerously far from land. George rents a catamaran, clumsily but successfully rescues David, and becomes a hero. Both Sam and his songwriting partner see him on TV Network News and Sam tries to call him, but George  refuses the call. David, badly sunburned, stays in the hospital, allowing Jenny and George to spend time alone together, culminating in Jenny seducing him to the sounds of Ravel\'s Boléro. Although George is initially elated to find all of his fantasies being fulfilled, he is horrified when Jenny takes a call from her husband while in bed with him and casually informs him of George\'s presence. He is even more confused when David responds with a complete lack of concern . When Jenny explains their open relationship and mutual honesty, George is appalled; with the thrill of enjoying forbidden pleasures extinguished, he loses interest in Jenny and he heads back to Beverly Hills. At the end of the film, he reconciles with Sam by demonstrating a new maturity and, taking an idea from Jenny, he starts Ravel\'s Boléro on the phonograph and they make love with the music playing in the background. This is in full view of the neighbor\'s telescope shortly after the neighbor has walked away in disgust, complaining that he has had enough of providing erotic entertainment to George and getting nothing in return.'] ['NASA is training for the first manned mission to Mars. Due to a supposed glitch in the computer navigation system, NASA looks for the original programmer of the software to see why the software seems to be broken. Fred Z. Randall , the eccentric programmer who wrote the software, meets Paul Wick , the flight director of the Mars mission, William "Wild Bill" Overbeck ([[William Sadler , the commander of the Mars mission and Astronaut Gary Hackman , the computer specialist. After a display of hard headed stubbornness by Gary, he\'s hit in the head by a model of the Pilgrim 1 Mars lander, resulting in a skull fracture. NASA decides to replace him instead of delaying the mission. Fred is brought NASA to see if he has what it takes to be an astronaut; he, along with Gordon Peacock, go through a series of exercises, which sees Fred do well, even going as far to break every record that Bill had. In the end, Fred gets the job. While getting ready to go on the space shuttle, Fred chickens out and refuses to go on the mission. Bud Nesbitt , who Wick claims is the cause of the Apollo 13 accident, tells Fred about the three commemorative coins given to him by President Johnson. He gave one coin to Neil Armstrong, another to Jim Lovell, and finally shows Randall a gold coin reading, "Bravery". "It hasn\'t done me much good," Bud says. "Maybe it\'ll mean something to you." Fred, along with Commander Overbeck, geologist Julie Ford , and Ulysses, a trained chimpanzee that will look for fossils on the planet, blast off. To save on resources, crew members are put into "hypersleep" for eight months while the shuttle heads towards Mars. Ulysses purposely takes Fred\'s "hypersleep chamber" for his own and Fred has to sleep in Ulysses\' chimp-shaped chamber. He sleeps for only 13 minutes and has to stay up for eight months.  While looking at Mars weather data Fred notices severe sandstorms that could endanger the crew. He contacts Bud at Houston and tells him about the storms that are forecast to hit the landing site. If the crew get caught in the storms, they could be lost forever. Bud tells Wick about the situation but Wick ignores him.  The crew makes it to Mars, after Overbeck barks at Fred for being awake the whole time, and using all the food, except food that the former despises (anchovy paste, [[liver , for painting. They land the Pilgrim on the Martian surface. As Overbeck prepares to be the first to step on mars, Fred slips and lands first followed by Overbeck. Then Fred says "It wasn\'t me" and then a USA Today newspaper shows up with the headline saying "First Words On Mars  \'It wasn\'t me!\'". A day after the crew lands, the sandstorms arrive ahead of schedule. After almost losing Overbeck and Ulysses in the sandstorm, the crew immediately flies off the Martian surface. Wick is replaced by Bud after they learned he didn\'t trust his crew. The ship almost makes it out of the sandstorm until rocks kicked up by the wind hits the lander. Pilgrim 1 having lost its power, begins to spin out of control. Fred has to rewire the entire system, reboot it and power everything back up in less than 2 minutes or they will crash. With less than 20 seconds, he has to complete the circuit. He frantically searches for something and finally shoves the commemorative coin into the slot, allowing the lander to regain power. The crew safely return to the space shuttle orbiting Mars. Fred then asks Julie to dance with him in zero gravity to When You Wish upon a Star. As Fred gets ready for "hypersleep" one last time, Ulysses climbs into his "hypersleep chamber" once again, forcing Fred to stay up again for another eight months on the journey back home. After the credits, the crew\'s flag pole on Mars is shown missing its flag. It is revealed that Randall\'s American flag boxers, which were earlier used as a replacement for the original flag, had been stolen by a Martian.'] ["Fatty is an obese and timid man who rescues a little girl from drowning. The girl who turns out to be the daughter of the Police Commissioner. The grateful Commissioner offers Fatty a job on the Police Force. Fatty accepts but soon finds out the job isn't all that it's cracked up to be."] ['Ollie brings Stan home for dinner, a very unwelcome surprise for Mrs. Hardy who storms out in a huff. Mrs. Kennedy, a neighbor from across the hall, offers to help the boys cook dinner; they, in turn, help to set her dress on fire. Mr. Kennedy, a cop, returns home and the boys hide the slip-clad Mrs. K. in a trunk. Unaware that his wife is within earshot, Mr. Kennedy starts bragging to the boys about his extramarital liaisons.'] ['The Stooges run a tailor shop that is about to be repossessed by the Skin and Flint Finance Corporation. When the Boys hear about a big reward for fugitive bank robber \'Terry "Slippery Fingers" Hargan\' , they think that catching him might end their financial woes. Hargan conveniently ducks into their shop as the officer enters and leaves a suit with a safe combination in its pocket. After his girlfriend  fails to retrieve the combination, Hargan returns with his henchmen, and a wild mêlée follows. The Stooges miss out on the reward but wind up with the crook\'s bankroll to pay off their debts.'] ['The film starts with the loading of a ship called the Merry Maiden. Oliver is first mate on the ship and described as "a bully, the nastiest crew member, after the captain of course". He features a beard and a mustache, rather than his usual solitary mustache. Stan plays Willie Brisling a guy who is engaged to Nelly and they are in love. The captain leaves his ship, he sees Nelly and decides he wants her. Stan has a tattoo of a ship on his chest and shows it to the captain. The captain pours a jug of water down Stan\'s sweater and abducts Nelly. The captain takes Nelly to his ship and Stan sneaks on board to rescue her. Oliver starts to look for Stan. Stan decides to save Nelly his last hope is to get rid of the crew, one by one. Stan disguises himself as a loose woman. The crew begin to fall for his charms. Stan calls one of the crewmen over, he hits the crewman with a cosh and knocks him out. Then he throws the cosh at Oliver, who thinks the crewman threw the cosh. Oliver throws the crewman overboard, this is repeated until all of the crew are in the sea. Nelly is being harassed by the captain. The captain\'s wife appears at the ship. The Captain takes a fancy to Stan. The wife appears as Stan is sat in the captain\'s lap. The captain\'s wife takes a gun and goes to shoot her husband. Stan stops her and takes off his wig. Stan says "this was a test to see if you really love your husband". The captain and wife begin to make up. But then the captain indicates he\'s going to "deal with Stan later". Stan is peeved, he opens the door and Nelly appears. Stan indicates the captain has been up to no good with Nelly and that four other loose women have already gone. The captain\'s wife is furious, Stan gives her the gun back. Stan and Nelly leave. There is a gunshot in the room. The wife, still angry, sees Stan and Nelly through a porthole and shoots them. Stan and Nelly\'s clothes fall off revealing their underwear.'] ['The Stooges are down and out actors who are trying to sell ideas for their animated TV show The Three Stooges Scrapbook. Unfortunately, their producer does not like anything. He gives the boys ten days to come up with a gimmick or their show will be cancelled. Professor Danforth  is convinced that Martians will soon invade Earth. He persuades the boys to help him with his new military invention—a land, air and sea vehicle . In return, Danforth will create a new "electronic animation" machine for the Stooges to use in their TV show. The Martians, meanwhile send two alien spies named Ogg and Zogg to Earth to prepare for the invasion. When Moe accidentally sends a television transmission through the Martian\'s communication device, they are offended and call off the invasion, opting instead to destroy Earth. Meanwhile, the Stooges give the vehicle a test run. They mistakenly enter a nuclear test area, when their engine malfunctions. They land near a test rig where a test nuclear depth bomb is set up. The Stooges take the bomb, thinking it\'s a carburetor, and fasten it to the engine. Water, meant to detonate the bomb, shoots out of the testing rig. The military is bewildered by test\'s failure. With the bomb attached to the engine, the vehicle now performs beyond expectations, even going into space.  Later, the Martians steal the vehicle, mount a ray gun and begin destroying targets . The boys sneak onto the craft to stop them. The Stooges are able to use one of the Martians\' ray guns to separate the fuselage from the conning tower. The fuselage, holding Ogg and Zogg, crashes into the ocean, detonating the nuclear depth bomb. Clinging to the auto-rotating helicopter section, the Stooges survive, crashing through the roof of their television studio.'] ['39 year-old Brennan Huff and 40 year-old Dale Doback  are two unemployed, middle-aged and spoiled men who still live with and are reliant on their parents. They have no intention of moving out or finding jobs and behave childishly. When Brennan\'s mother Nancy  and Dale\'s father Robert  marry, Brennan and Dale are forced to live with each other as step brothers. Their parents warn them that they must find jobs within a month or else be forced out of the house. When Brennan\'s younger brother Derek ([[Adam Scott  comes to visit with his oddly perfect family, he too mocks them and entices Dale to punch him in the face. Brennan is awed that Dale was able to stand up to Derek. Meanwhile, Brennan\'s sister-in-law Alice  who is also resentful of Derek, finds Dale\'s courage a turn on. Brennan and Dale discover their many shared interests and develop a strong personal bond. Brennan and Dale take job interviews in which they perform very poorly by being rude to two of their potential employers as well as pointing out too many of their flaws and offending a third , when Dale passes gas for fifteen seconds. Left with few options they decide to start their own entertainment company. However, Robert and Nancy reveal their plans to retire and sail the world, forcing Brennan and Dale to find other living arrangements. Brennan and Dale sabotage attempts to sell the house. On Christmas Eve, Brennan and Dale\'s childish behavior has taken a toll on their parents\' marriage. Making matters worse, the boys attack Robert after he tries to wake them. Angered to his limits Robert announces his intention to divorce Nancy at Christmas dinner the following day, causing Brennan and Dale to break down. Brennan and Dale blame each other for the divorce and they go their separate ways. Brennan starts working for Derek\'s helicopter leasing firm and Dale works for a catering company. Brennan, wanting to reunite the broken family, takes the initiative to arrange Derek\'s sales party, inviting Robert and Nancy. The party is a success and Brennan wins Randy\'s respect and approval. Robert then encourages Brennan and Dale to be their eccentric child-at-heart selves again, seeing as they are now both miserable in their "adult" lives. Brennan and Dale then take to the stage and perform "Por ti Volare." The audience is eventually moved by the performance and tensions are alleviated. After the performance, Brennan and Derek make amends. Brennan and Dale form a successful entertainment company that runs karaoke events. Six months later, Robert and Nancy are reunited and move back into their old home.'] ['Tommy Chong plays Anthony \'Man\' Stoner,Chong\'s character name is used only once. It is during the scene in which his father  berates him, and his mother  calls him "Anthony". a jobless, marijuana-smoking drummer who is told to either get a job by sundown or be sent off to military school by his parents. Anthony leaves the house in a Volkswagen Beetle convertible , a car which is subsequently left smoking on the side of the road. Anthony is picked up while hitchhiking by the equally enthusiastic smoker Pedro de Pacas . The license plate reads MUF DVR . They share a large joint, which Chong\'s character says is made with "mostly Maui wowie" and "Labrador" . Police find their car parked on a traffic median with them in it, discover that they are clearly high and arrest them. At trial, the pair are released on a technicality after the judge\'s water pitcher is discovered to be containing vodka. In an attempt to procure marijuana, they visit Pedro\'s cousin Strawberry , a Vietnam War veteran. They narrowly escape a police raid on Strawberry\'s house while Strawberry has a flashback and thinks the police are the Viet Cong, but are soon deported to Tijuana, by the INS , along with Pedro\'s relatives, who actually called the INS on themselves, so they could get a free ride to a wedding in Tijuana. In order to get back to the United States they arrange to pick up a vehicle from Pedro\'s uncle\'s upholstery shop, but arrive at the wrong address, a disguised marijuana warehouse. They end up unknowingly involved in a plot to smuggle a van constructed completely out of "fiberweed"  from Mexico to Los Angeles, with an inept police narcotics unit, led by the overly zealous Sgt. Stedenko  hot on their heels. Along the way, Pedro and Anthony pick up two women, who convince them to perform at a Battle of the Bands contest. Pedro and Man tell the women they need marijuana; the women convince them to see Gloria—a police dispatcher who sells drugs being held as evidence. Gloria informs the women she can\'t sell them any drugs as the police destroyed the evidence they were holding, but there should be some in stock soon as the police were searching all over town for a huge stash—which the police do not realize is currently sitting in the police station parking lot. They narrowly avoid arrest, at one point, after being pulled over by a police motorcyclist, but the officer gets high from the burning "fiberweed" emanating from the van\'s tailpipe, and lets them go after asking for a hot dog one of them was eating. The film concludes with the duo\'s band, Ay Les Voy , winning the contest, and a recording contract, with a performance of their song, Earache My Eye. They win after everyone, including the cops, get stoned due to a large amount of marijuana smoke from the burning van being funneled into the venue.'] ['Jesse Montgomery III  and Chester Greenburg  are two slackers who wake up at Jesse\'s house, hung over and with no memory of the day before. Their refrigerator is filled with chocolate pudding, and the answering machine contains an angry message from their twin girlfriends, Wanda  and Wilma , as to their whereabouts. They go outside only to find Jesse\'s car missing, and with it their girlfriends\' anniversary presents. This prompts Jesse to ask: "Dude, where\'s my car?" Because the twins have promised them a "special treat", which Jesse and Chester hope is sex, the men are desperate to find the car. The duo retrace their steps to discover just where they left the car. Along the way, they encounter an angry transgender stripper , a belligerent Chinese drive-thru speaker operator , discover two cool tattoos on each other\'s backs, run into a group of UFO cultists led by Zoltan , a Chinese tailor , the Zen-minded Nelson  and his cannabis-loving dog, the jock Tommy  and his musclehead friends, Tommy\'s girlfriend Christie Boner , a couple of police detectives, and an ostrich farmer named Pierre . The protagonists then meet two races of aliens, one group being five gorgeous women wearing skintight black jumpsuits , the other being a pair of Nordic men wearing workout clothes . Both groups are searching for the "Continuum Transfunctioner", a powerful device . The "Continuum Transfunctioner" is capable of destroying the universe. An Animal Planet show then provides a helpful clue, though Jesse and Chester do not know it at the time— about how animals use tools, animals \'often use sticks as crude tools\'. In an arcade, they discover that the Continuum Transfunctioner was a Rubik\'s Cube that Chester has been working hard to solve during most of the movie. When he does, it becomes activated. Once the five lights on it stop flashing, the universe will be destroyed. Jesse and Chester must figure out which of two alien groups should get the device. One group protects the universe, while the other wants to destroy it. Both claim to be the protectors and claim that they were with Jesse and Chester the previous night. The two choose the Nordic men, because when asked what the two stoners did the night before, they correctly answered that the boys got a hole-in-one at the 18th hole at a miniature golf park, winning a lifetime supply of pudding. At the last second, the Nords deactivate the Transfunctioner, saving the universe. Angry, the five alien women merge to become, what Chest calls, a "Super Hot Giant Alien" . The protectors intervene, attempting to banish her to Hoboken, New Jersey, but are knocked out. The giantess then eats Tommy before she crawls out of the amusement center and chases Jesse and Chester. The cultists tell them to activate the Photon Accelerator Annihilation Beam on the Transfunctioner. However, the button that activates it is too far in to reach. At the last second, Chester remembers the nature show with the tool-using chimps and uses a straw to push the recessed button, thus destroying the alien . The two protectors erase everyone\'s minds concerning the events and time is reversed to the beginning of the film. The events come full circle as Jesse and Chester wake up with no memory of what happened to them much like the beginning of the film. However, they recover the car , which turned out to be hidden behind a mail truck the whole time, and salvage their relationships and discover the special treat from the girls turns out to be matching knitted caps and scarves. The protectors leave a gift for their girlfriends : Breast Enhancement Necklaces. The film ends with Jesse, Chester and their girlfriends driving off in the car agruing on what the tattoes on the latter\'s backs say.'] ["Fuller Bull , the head of Daily News, an ailing newspaper company, confronts the reporters he hired for not getting him a story to keep up with a competing newspaper called the Daily Star Press. They tell him that the place was surrounded by rough guards and they're fired for it. Fuller Bull quickly catches three shirtmen outside thinking they're reporters from the Star Press and immediately hires them to get a picture of visiting Prince Shaam of Ubeedarn . Word has it that Shaam has plans to marry local wealthy socialite Mrs. Van Bustle . The trio disguise themselves as servants, and work their way into a party being held at Mrs. Van Bustle's home in the honor of the prince. Naturally, they all but sabotage the festivity. The inept trio serve hors d'œuvres consisting of peas and dog biscuits, and a turkey stuffed with a live parrot. The prince leaves in disgust, with the butler  following close behind. Undaunted, the Stooges manage to expose both the prince and butler as crooks who were planning to rob the house. The next day, the Stooges tells Fuller Bull that a man claiming to be Prince Shaam is not a prince and they had both him and the butler arrested. As a result of their findings, he is excited and tells the people to stop the presses for an extra. He gives the boys a large bonus and Mrs. Van Bustle thanks the boys for preventing her from a horrible fate."] ["Don Bolton  is a famous Hollywood star who tries to get married in order to avoid the draft, as he feels it will interfere with his career. He falls for Antoinette, a colonel's daughter  and in an attempt to impress her he pretends to enlist in the army, though it turns out that he has in fact enlisted for the real thing, along with his agent and assistant. Bolton is keen to impress both Antoinette and her father during training, however his skills as a soldier prove to be abysmal."] ['{{plot}} After a random attack the night before by a local gang known as "The Scullions" and their infantile leader Zed McGlunk  , Chief Henry Hurst  arrives at the 16th precinct and notifies its captain, Pete Lassard  that the precinct is the worst in the city. Nevertheless, Hurst gives him 30 days or else Lassard is out. Before he leaves, Lieutenant Mauser  schemes his way into talking to Hurst. Hurst promises him the rank of captain should Lassard fail. Pete calls his brother Eric  and asks him for six new recruits, as was promised by Hurst. Throughout the movie, Mauser is seen scheming with his dim-witted partner Sgt. Proctor  as he attempts to take control of the precinct. Carey Mahoney , Larvell Jones , Eugene Tackleberry , Moses Hightower , Laverne Hooks , and Douglas Fackler  join the 16th precinct, and some are assigned a veteran officer partner since they are rookies: Fackler has Dooley , Mahoney has Vinnie Schtulman , and Tackleberry has Sgt. Kathleen Kirkland . At first, Tackleberry disapproves of his partner, Kirkland, because of the fact she\'s a woman, but they later hit it off when they compare their preference of gun choices. Tackleberry later confides to Mahoney that he may have fallen in love with her. He also confides he is still a virgin. Mahoney and Schtulman spot a robbery at a merchant\'s place , but the robbers escape through a back door before Mahoney and Schtulman even enter the shop. Eventually Fackler, Tackleberry and Kirkland arrived, each one contributing in his own characteristic way to the destruction of the store. Mauser is ready to suspend them, but Mahoney makes a passionate plea that convinces Lassard to give them another chance. While all this is going on, Zed and his gang go shopping in a supermarket. They cause havoc as they go, leaving the store with wagon-loads without paying and Mr. Sweetchuck is already at hand in the supermarket to be further tormented this time by Zed & co. Mauser gives Mahoney a new assignment; patrolling a tunnel, covering him and his partner with soot in the process. He gets revenge on Mauser by switching his shampoo with Tackleberry\'s epoxy resin solution, which glues his hands to his hair. He ends up embarrassing himself in front of the station, and has to wear a wig through the remainder of the film. On his morning drive to the station the next day, Pete Lassard spots some of Zed\'s men and tries to deal with them, but is eventually over-powered and spray-painted. After his rousing speech to finish what they started, the whole gang is riled up. Progress is made and most of the gang is captured , but Mauser informs the captain that most of the charges were dropped. Mahoney sees that Mauser did this on purpose, so as revenge has a full body cavity search done on him . Tackleberry goes on a date with Kirkland, where they stay out late dancing. They profess their love for each other and have sex . Pete goes to see his brother Eric at a Japanese steakhouse, and Eric comes out with an idea to hold a fair. At the night of the fair though, Zed\'s men trash the place. Lassard is out of a job the next day, while Mauser is promoted Captain. His first act is to remove Mahoney and Schtulman, who is quick to object to Mahoney\'s dismissal. Mahoney, Schtulman, and Lassard get together in an last-ditch attempt to stop the gang. They send in Mahoney undercover to find the leader of the gang.  Lassard and Schtulman wire him, using duct tape and a radio microphone. Under the guise of "Jughead," he is able to infiltrate the gang and find out both their hiding spot and the name of their leader. His cover is blown however due to the radio microphone cutting into a baseball game, which leads to Lassard calling every man to the location. Mauser intervenes, but takes Fackler through the air duct. However, Fackler accidentally bumps him and pushes him inside. The police arrive and arrest every gangmember there. Zed escapes with Mahoney, but Lassard arrives and prepares to shoot Zed with a loaded pistol. Mahoney punches him down a flight of stairs, while Hooks arrests him. It is then revealed that Lassard\'s gun wasn\'t loaded, as he "never carried live ammo since \'73". The film ends with the officers attending Tackleberry and Kirkland\'s wedding. They drive off the Police Academy lot in the monster truck BIGFOOT #3.'] ['Marshall Richard "Dick" Dix, a special detective, saves a fast food chain restaurant from a terrorist hostage situation, much to the displeasure of the police chief. He drives away, and back to the police station, where he meets his boss, who is with a police worker, Cassandra Menage. She retells her experience of the cloning of the President of the United States of America, Bill Clinton, who remains unnamed throughout the film. Dix is sent to the cloning facility, a moon base called Vegan. Dix causes a mayhem on the way there. He reaches Vegan, and is met by Lt. Bradford Shitzu at the security check. On the way to meet the main suspect in the cloning, Dr. Griffin Pratt, Dix experiences strange happenings throughout the colony involving certain Aliens who live there. During a very strange incident involving an Alien about to explode, Dix meets Capt. Valentino DiPasquale, with whom Dix will share his quarters. Dix and Shitzu get to Dr. Pratt\'s quarters, and talk to him. Shitzu leaves, and Pratt takes Dix on a tour of his cloning facility. While on the tour, he meets Dr. Uschi Künstler, with whom he takes the elevator to meet Ms. Madfeenage. Dr. Künstler deserts the two, and they make their way to a party where the suspects may be. Pratt and Menage have dinner, while Dix has a bizarre escapade with Pratt\'s toupe. He leaves the party, and goes to his quarters with Valentino. There, he shows him his huge array of disguises. Dix gets a phone call from Ms. Menage that they are about to raid Pratt\'s quarters. Dix destroys his Vegan model, and spreads paint all over the place. Then Dix stumbles on the radio and it starts playing the cancan very loudly. Pratt comes back to his room, only to discover that Dix escaped. He goes to his apartment, and threatens him. Dix tells Menage, and soon enough, Menage gets abducted by Pratt\'s goons. Pratt then pretends to help Dix find the President and rescue Ms. Menage, but Pratt\'s goons trap them. Ms. Menage uses her martial arts skills, and the President, Dix, and Menage escape back to Earth. The President they rescued then is replaced with the president in the White House, and suddenly Dix finds out that he put the clone in the White House. They find out that Dix\'s boss is also with Pratt, and Dix, the President, Menage, Valentino, Shitzu, and Künstler go to a concert by the Three Tenors which are singing Village People songs. The presidents are involved in an onstage fight, and the whole concert is ruined by Shitzu\'s fumbling with the control panel. Künstler then doublecrosses Dix, and reveals she is actually an alien. After Menage kills her, the president is replaced, and Menage goes with Dix to a restaurant.'] [' The trio once again play firemen (see [[False Alarms  at an engine company that still employs horse-powered engines. After sleazy salesman Mr. Reardon  fails to convince Fire Chief Kelly  that horse-powered engines are on the way out, he tries to sabotage the firehouse by committing arson. He drops a can of gunpowder into the old-fashioned pump boiler and the chief\'s daughter sees him. Reardon does not know that the can has a leak, and a duck has been eating the spilled gunpowder. The duck alights on a window ledge in the station and lays an egg, which falls to the floor and explodes like a hand grenade, starting a fire. Realizing too late that the blaze is coming from their own fire station, the Stooges manage to arrive just in time to save the chief\'s daughter  from the flames.  Upon realizing they are heading in the wrong direction, Curly quips "Hey, we\'re doing the Corrigan!", a reference to aviator Douglas "Wrong Way" Corrigan. Corrigan had recently returned from a transcontinental flight from Floyd Bennett Field in Brooklyn, New York to Long Beach, California. Instead of returning to New York, he bypassed it, and headed to Ireland.Solomon, Jon.  The Complete Three Stooges: The Official Filmography and Three Stooges Companion, p. 129; Comedy III Productions, Inc., ISBN 0-9711868-0-4'] ["The Stooges must get their future father-in-law ([[John Tyrrell  out of jail. Apparently, the father is a prison warden who has been overthrown and put behind bars by the local mafia. The Stooges manage to sneak into the prison, find the father-in-law to be, and start snapping as many incriminating photos of the mafia's party as possible. As a result, the real crooks are served justice, and the Stooges marry their sweethearts."] ['Paul Bergot  is a Belgian immigrant to the United States who has fallen in love with Mary Brown , a blind woman. They met as pen-pals when he was fighting in Europe during World War I. Mary even sent Paul a photo of her. Paul searches for Mary Brown by asking every woman he meets if she is Mary Brown. By accident he rescues her town from crooks and bootleggers.'] ['The film begins with the alien abduction on Scalleum, a remote island off the coast of Wales, of Cat Williams and her boyfriend. Cat\'s boyfriend is gorily killed, and Cat is  implanted with an alien fetus. Cat\'s story attracts the attention of Michelle "Foxy" Fox , the bosomy host of the cable TV show Weird Worlde, who brings a film crew to the island &mdash; her cameraman boyfriend Ricky ; Jack the sound man; nerdy UFO expert Gavin Gorman; and actors Bruce Barton and Candy Vixen . The island is accessible via a narrow causeway only at low tide. The Weird Worlde crew sets out in their van, but it is dark by the time they reach the Williams family\'s creepy farmhouse, where they meet Cat and her three hulking and sadistic brothers . The crew  initially assume that Cat\'s story is a hoax, and even go so far as to make a crop circle in a nearby field so they can film it for the show, to Gorman\'s great disgust. However, it soon turns out that the aliens are all too real and rather malevolent. The film crew teams up with the Welsh Williams brothers to fight off the aliens, with a great deal of blood and gore. One highlight features Ricky running down some aliens in a combine harvester, to the tune of "Combine Harvester" by The Wurzels. Eventually, the alien child inside Cat claws its way out; on board the alien ship, Foxy is impregnated with another alien fetus while Gavin loses his virginity to a shapely female alien; Bruce, Candy, and the Welsh brothers meet various horrible demises; Ricky blows up himself and four alien pursuers in a tank of liquid manure; back at the house, the female alien rips Foxy in half; and finally Gavin manages to use his laptop (in a sequence reminiscent of [[Independence Day  to overload the ley lines of the nearby stone circle. As Cat\'s alien child rips his arms off, Gavin manages to press the space bar with his nose, sending the stones shooting into the underside of the alien craft, which crashes into a convenient mountain. Jack the sound man, meanwhile, having been blinded by alien ichor early in the film, swims across the channel to the mainland, only to discover that he\'s lost the videotape that was the only proof of their extraterrestrial encounter. The film ends with a clip from an alien talk show reminiscent of Jerry Springer , on which Gavin\'s female alien is trying to explain how her entire crew was killed by humans and she herself carries the love child of one of those humans. The audience roars with laughter, and the host cuts her mike.'] ['Chick Allen  is a paratrooper. He invites his former partner, Hap Smith , to help out with a show that he and the other soldiers are preparing. However, the general is unhappy with the quality of past shows and is threatening to eliminate them unless the quality improves, which is why Chick has invited Hap to help. Hap, who has continued the nightclub act with a new partner, Betsy Carter , poses as a soldier so that he can do one performance for Chick with the general in the audience. However, the show impresses the general so much that he arranges for the show  to tour other camps. Fearing a court-martial, Chick and the rest of the performers pass Hap off as Private "Dogface" Dolan, while the real "Dogface"  goes into hiding. Hap undergoes paratrooper training to keep up the ruse, but he is very accident prone. However, it works to his benefit as everything he does inadvertently is the \'correct military conduct\'. The top sergeant ([[Robert Strauss  takes notice and praises him. Understandably, Hap wants to return to civilian life and tries to sneak away at any chance he can get, but Chick always manages to stop him. During one of his escape attempts, during some war maneuvers, Hap destroys a key bridge and captures an enemy general. Hap is eventually exposed as a civilian, but is sworn in as a paratrooper and becomes a hero.'] ['Bill and Connie Fuller are New Yorkers who purchase a dilapidated farmhouse where, according to rumors, George Washington spent the night.'] ["{{Plot}} The story starts out with the regular lives of three friends - Dave ([[Barry Watson , Adam , and Doofer  - who are head Social Committee in a frat house called KOK . The KOK are known for throwing heavy parties and socially discriminating the members of the sorority DOG  who regularly protest the actions of the KOK. The three are then falsely accused of stealing money from the fraternity, which goes towards the end of the year 'KOK-tail Cruise' at the end of the semester, which guarantees them a spot at a very high paying company no matter how low their IQ is. Dave and his friends are kicked out of the house as a result. The three realize that the proof they need to prove their innocence is on a video tape still in the KOK house. In order to infiltrate the house, the three follow Doofer's plan of dressing up as women  to get inside. They are however unsuccessful as someone else has moved into their room, one that develops a crush on Adina . Then they are thrown out of the house when they are mistaken for being members of 'DOG'. Thrown onto the DOG's doorstep, they are immediately accepted by the group for being 'plus-sized' girls. Since there is free room and board to those who pledge for the first semester at DOG, they decide to pledge to hide out for a while. While the boys deal with the hardships of being women, they are subjugated to all kinds of abuse from a fellow sorority, the 'Tri-Pis' . They also have to figure out a way of getting the tape back. While Adina  tries to seduce a fellow KOK brother Jimmy to get the tape, Daisy  is falling for the DOG president Leah. Daisy  and Leah meet on the first night when Daisy gets up in the middle of the night to take a shower thinking he/she will be alone and he can shower as a man. His/her relationship gets in the way of Adam/Adina's attempt to get the tape back. The DOG's end up on the KOK - Tail Cruise after they win the powder puff football game against the tri pi's which includes a ticket on the ship. While on the ship Dave/Daisy needs to get out of his/her dress so he can meet with John Claus and get a job in his company. While he/she is going to get out of his/her dress, he/she walks by Leah who asks Daisy to dance with her. During their dance, Leah tells Daisy that she knows it is hard for Daisy to accept a lesbian relationship and she says it is hard for her too, but she is willing to commit if Daisy is. They start kissing and then Daisy tells Leah that she has decided to move back to Minnesota. The movie reaches its climax when the guys' true identity are revealed to the KOKs and DOGs, before they reveal that they were indeed innocent of stealing the money and the perpetrator  is punished. The DOGs finally get revenge on the Tri-Pi's as well as the boys  get reinstated into KOK. Dave makes things up with Leah as Dave and not Daisy, and the KOK try to make themselves better men. Adam is instated as president, and many of the KOK guys are now dating the DOG girls while the Cruel Tri-Pi's are still floating out in the ocean in a raft they were put on when the DOG's kicked them off the KOK cruise.http://themoviespoiler.com/Spoilers/sororityboys.html"] ['The Great Leslie  and Professor Fate  are competing daredevils at the turn of the 20th century. Leslie is the classic hero in white, handsome, courteous, talented, and successful; Fate is the traditional melodramatic villain, Leslie\'s nemesis, dressed in black, sporting a black moustache and top hat, and dogged by failure. Leslie proposes an automobile race from New York to Paris, to prove a new car, the Leslie Special. Fate builds his own race vehicle, the Hannibal Twin-8, complete with hidden devices of sabotage. Others enter cars in the race, including New York City\'s most prominent newspaper. Driving the newspaper\'s car is beautiful photojournalist Maggie DuBois , a vocal suffragette. The six-car race begins, but Fate\'s sidekick Maximilian Meen  has sabotaged three other cars . The surviving teams are Leslie with his loyal mechanic Hezekiah Sturdy , Maggie DuBois driving by herself, and Fate and Max. The newspaper\'s car breaks down and Maggie accepts a lift in the Leslie Special. Fate arrives first at a refueling point, a small frontier town where the racers see a variety show featuring singer Lilli Olay . A local outlaw named "Texas Jack"  becomes jealous of Olay and a saloon brawl ensues. Fate steals the fuel he needs and destroys the rest. Maggie convinces Leslie to carry her after tricking Hezekiah and pretending he has quit. The two remaining cars reach the Bering Strait and park side-by-side in a blinding snowstorm. Keeping warm during the storm, Leslie and Maggie begin to see each other as more than competitors. Mishaps compel all four racers to warm themselves in Leslie\'s car. They awake on a small ice floe which drifts into their intended Russian port, where Hezekiah is waiting for Leslie. Maggie is snatched by Fate, who drives off in the lead. After driving across Asia, both cars enter a small kingdom whose Crown Prince Hapnick  is a double for Fate. Usurpers under the leadership of Baron Rolf von Stuppe  and General Kuhster  kidnap the Prince as well as Fate\'s party. Fate is forced to masquerade as the Prince during the coronation, so that the Baron and the General can gain control of the kingdom. Max escapes, and he and Leslie rescue the others. Leslie bests Von Stuppe in a sword fight. The dueling expands into an extended pie fight involving all the racers. As the five leave the small kingdom with Maggie now back in Leslie\'s car, it becomes a straight road race to Paris. Nearing Paris, Leslie and Maggie have a spirited argument regarding the roles of men and women in relationships. Leslie stops his car just short of the finish line under the Eiffel Tower to prove that he loves Maggie more than he cares about winning the race. Fate drives past to claim the winner\'s mantle, but after a brief triumph becomes indignant that Leslie let him win. Fate demands a rematch: a race back to New York. The film ends with the start of the return race, with newlyweds Leslie and Maggie now a team. Fate lets them start first, then attempts to destroy their car, accidentally bringing down the Eiffel Tower instead.'] ['Moe and Larry read in the newspaper that the relatives of the late Professor Robert O. Link are searching for Curly Q. Link, the heir to his estate. When Curly informs Moe and Larry that Link was his uncle , the Stooges leave immediately for the reading of the will at the estate, which is a spooky, old masion. Unfortunately, the will gets stolen and all guests present for the reading are forced to spend the night. In addition, the butler informs the Stooges that there have been reports of murders and other strange happenings, including the revalation that Uncle Bob O. Link was actually murdered. In their room, the Stooges are witness to so many strange goings-on themselves that they flee in terror, knocking over the maid, who turns out to be a man in drag and the thief who stole the Link will. Curly grabs the document, anxious to know his inheritance, and learns that his uncle has bequeathed him a grand total of $0.67 net.<ref name Maurer| first  Joan Howard Maurer| coauthors  The Three Stooges Scrapbook| publisher  1982, rev. 2012| location  293| doi  | isbn  http://books.google.com/books?idfrontcover}}'] ['In the year 1750, England is rife with crime and highway robbers. In order to stop the wave of chaos, King George sets up the first professional police force named the Bow Street Runners, under the command of the bellowing Sir Roger Daley , and seconded by Captain Desmond Fancey  and Sergeant Jock Strapp ([[Jack Douglas . The Runners are apparently successful in wiping out crime and lawlessness – using all manner of traps and tricks to round the criminals up. However their main target is the notorious Richard "Big Dick" Turpin , a highwayman who has evaded capture and succeeded in even robbing Sir Roger and his prim wife  of their money and clothing. After this humiliation, Turpin becomes the Bow Street Runners\' most wanted man, and thus Captain Fancey is assigned to go undercover and catch the famous Dick Turpin and bring him to justice. The Bow Street Runners nearly succeed in apprehending Turpin and his two partners in crime, Harriet  and Tom , one evening as they hold up a coach carrying faux-Frenchwoman Madame Desiree , and her not so virginal daughters, "The Birds of Paradise." However, Turpin manages to overpower the Runners and flee. Outraged by Strapp\'s incompetence, Captain Fancey travels with the sergeant to the province of Denture, where the majority of Turpin\'s hold-ups are carried out. There they encounter the mild-mannered Reverend Flasher, who is really Turpin in disguise, with Tom as his church assistant and Harriet as his maidservant. They confide in the rector their true identities and their scheme to apprehend Turpin. They agree to meet at the seedy Old Cock Inn, a notorious hang-out for criminals and sleazy types, and where Desiree and her showgirls are performing. Fancey and Strapp pose as two on the run crooks - and Strapp dubs his superior "Dandy Desmond" - and they hear from the greasy old hag, Maggie , a midwife who removed buckshot from Turpin\'s buttock, that Turpin has a curious birthmark on his manhood. Strapp wastes no time in carrying out an inspection in the public convenience of the Old Cock Inn. When the rector arrives, he discovers their knowledge of the birthmark, and sweet talks Desiree into assisting him with the capture of "Turpin", whom the rector has told Desiree is actually Fancey, who is sitting downstairs in the bar. She lures him to her room and attempts to undress him, with the help of her wild daughters. The girls pull down his breeches but fail to find an incriminating birthmark, and Desmond staggers half-undressed into the bar. Strapp is also dumped into a horse trough for peeping at the men in the toilets. Strapp and Fancey send a message to Sir Roger about the birthmark, and are accosted by Harriet in disguise who tells them to meet Turpin that night at ten o\'clock. Meanwhile, Tom tells the local constable that he knows where Turpin will be that night - at the location Harriet told Strapp and Fancey to wait. Thus, they are imprisoned as Turpin and his mate, and Sir Roger is yet again robbed on his way to see the prisoners. However things fall apart when the rector\'s housekeeper, Martha Hoggett  begins to put two and two together when Mrs Giles , apparently sick and used for a cover-up story for Dick\'s raids, is seen fit and well at the church jumble sale. Later that day, Harriet is caught at the Old Cock Inn where Fancey, Strapp and Daley are meeting and Fancey recognises her as the "man" who conned them into being caught. She is chased into Desiree\'s room and is told to undress to show the infamous birthmark. However, they soon realise she is a woman and are prepared to let her go, but lock her up after Lady Daley recognises a bracelet that Harriet is wearing as one Turpin stole from her. With the net tightening, the Reverend Flasher gives an elongated sermon before outwitting his would-be captors and making a speedy getaway, with Harriett and Tom, across the border.'] ['Rubberface revolves around a young, depressed woman named Janet Taylor . She meets a dish washer named Tony Maroni , an aspiring comedian, at a comedy club. Maroni, however, has little success in comedy, while Janet proves to be far more successful. As the film progresses, their varying ambitions and capabilities as comedians result in their cooperation, which concludes the plot.'] ['Robin Hood, or Robin of Loxley , is captured during the Crusades and is imprisoned at Khalil Prison in Jerusalem. With the help of fellow inmate Asneeze , who is in for jaywalking, he escapes and frees the other inmates. Robin is asked by Asneeze to find his son, Ahchoo . Upon returning to England, he finds Ahchoo and discovers that Prince John ([[Richard Lewis  has assumed control while King Richard is away fighting in the Crusades. Unbeknownst to Richard, the prince is abusing his power. Robin returns to his family home, Loxley Hall, only to find it has been repossessed by John\'s men. His family\'s servant, Blinkin  informs Robin that his family members and pets have been killed as well. He vows to get his home back before all his family\'s things are taken. Robin recruits the large and ignorant Little John , and his friend Will Scarlet O\'Hara , to help regain his father\'s land and oust Prince John from the throne. On his quest, Robin also attracts the attention of Maid Marian , who wants to find the man who has the key to her heart . While Robin is training his band of tights-clad Merry Men, the spoonerism-spouting Sheriff of Rottingham , hires the Mafioso Don Giovanni  to assassinate Robin at the Spring Festival . Maid Marian hears of the evil plot, and sneaks out of her castle to warn Robin, accompanied by her frumpy German Lady-in-Waiting Broomhilde . The Sheriff and Don expect that Robin will not refuse a chance to participate in the tournament due to his pride, and Robin does as they expect. At the archery tournament, a disguised Robin makes it to the final round, where he unmasks himself. He then makes his shot but loses to his opponent. Robin calls this situation absurd and pulls out a copy of the movie\'s script to discover that he gets another shot. The Sheriff and Prince John then pull out their own copies and confirm this . After winning the tournament, Robin is arrested. Marian agrees to marry the Sheriff in exchange for Robin\'s life. The ceremony reveals the Sheriff\'s unimposing first name, Mervyn. Before she can say "I do", the castle is attacked by the Men in Tights, led by Little John, Ahchoo, Blinkin, and Will. They quickly free Robin and a battle ensues. However, Marian is carried off to the tower by the Sheriff, who wants to "deflower" her. Robin arrives and wins an intense sword fight, missing his sheath and accidentally running the sheriff through. Then the witch Latrine , Prince John\'s full-time cook and part-time adviser, saves him by giving him a magical lifesaver in exchange for agreeing to marry her. Before Robin and Marian "celebrate" in her bedroom, Broomhilde arrives, insisting they get married first. Rabbi Tuckman  conducts the ceremony, but they are suddenly interrupted by King Richard , recently returned from the Crusades, who insists on sanctioning the marriage with a kiss to the new bride. He orders John to be taken away to the Tower of London and made part of the tour. He also announces that, due to the foul stench the prince has left over the kingdom, all the toilets are to be called "johns". All being as it should be, Robin and Marian are married and Ahchoo is made the new sheriff of Rottingham. When the crowd expresses its disbelief at a black sheriff, Ahchoo reminds them that it worked in Blazing Saddles. When the night comes, Maid Marian\'s chastity belt will not open with his key, so Robin calls a locksmith.'] ['The film is composed of three acts, which are referred to as episodes .  Ever since Moe, Larry, and Curly were dumped on the doorstep of the Sisters of Mercy Orphanage when they were babies, they have wreaked havoc in the place, leaving the nuns who run it utterly terrified, especially Sister Mary-Mengele, the meanest nun in the orphanage who has always hated the trio. Out of desperation, when a prospective couple comes to adopt, the exasperated nuns bring out the trio as being the only three available, eventually adding a fourth when another boy, Teddy, enters the picture. The couple decides to pick Moe, but when he requests Larry and Curly to join him, he is dropped back off at the orphanage, and they choose Teddy instead. 25 years later, the trio  are adults and are still living there and attempting to help out taking care of the kids. When Monsignor Ratliffe  arrives to give everyone an important message, he gets attacked by Moe, Larry, and Curly, who think that Monsignor Ratliffe was making out with the nuns. Monsignor Ratliffe is not going to adopt either of them either, as he is on official business. As they get wind that the orphanage will be shutting down unless they can come up with $830,000 in 30 days, the trio volunteers to go out and try to raise the money somehow. However, some of the nuns think that the trio will not be able to succeed because the only people they know are nuns and kids, but Mother Superior thinks otherwise.  A subplot involves a woman named Lydia , who wants to kill her husband so she can be with her lover, Mac , and inherit her husband\'s considerable fortune. She offers to pay the trio the money they need to take care of the job. However, they botch the job and leave the supposed husband  in traction in the hospital. When they try to visit to finish the job, they are chased throughout the hospital and escape by jumping off the roof using a fire hose. They end up running into a now grown-up Teddy  from the orphanage, who invites them to his anniversary party. It turns out that Lydia is Teddy\'s wife. Their next scheme for raising the money has them selling farm raised salmon, with them scattering salmon on a golf range and watering them like produce. The trio are chased off the golf course and hide in an old building , where they have a slapstick fight. Larry and Curly then scold Moe for not accepting the adoption with Ted\'s adopted parents because with the wealth they had, he could\'ve used it to help save the oprhanage. After deciding to split up, they leave Moe alone. After they do so, it turns out they were all on stage in front of an audition crew, who select Moe to be the newest cast member of Jersey Shore as "Dyna-Moe".  Larry and Curly are getting along well without Moe but decide to go find him, first returning to the orphanage, where they find out a girl named Murph is very sick, but has not been taken to the hospital because the orphanage has no medical insurance. It turns out that no one will insure the orphanage due to the trio\'s numerous accidents and injuries, and the $830,000 is needed in order to cover medical bills that accumulated over the years. Larry and Curly later meet up with Ted\'s adopted father about what happened at his office. He confessed that Moe wanted him to go back for his friends to adopt them and he didn\'t want to so he gave Moe back and took Ted in his place. They finally go to the set of Jersey Shore to reunite with Moe, and they all head to the anniversary party where they appear to thwart the murder plot, only to get chased by the angry Lydia and Mac after they accidentally ruin their wedding cake while saving a little girl\'s life. They discover that Mr. Harter was the real mastermind. He married into the money and was incensed to find out the money was left to Teddy and not him when Teddy\'s mother died years earlier. They are taken for a ride, but the car winds up in the water when Curly\'s pet rat distracts them; then, they all escape when Curly passes gas, and they light it with "waterproof, strike-anywhere matches" they had, causing enough of an explosion to blow out the windows. Once they are back on land, Lydia, her lover, Mac and Teddy\'s adoptive dad are arrested, and Teddy thanks the trio for saving him. When they request the $830K, he turns them down, stating he refuses to help the same orphanage that gave him up to a father that almost tried to kill him, among other things over the years. Three months later, the trio return to the now-condemned and abandoned orphanage, but as they start crying for feeling like failures, they hear kids laughing, swimming, and playing. When they investigate, they find out a whole brand new orphanage was built next door, complete with a swimming pool and tennis court. They soon learn that the money came from the Jersey Shores producers who consider this as an advance payment in relation to a new reality show "Nuns vs Nitwits", in which the entire trio will be part of. Murph is revealed to be perfectly fine, her illness due to too much iron in the water , and that she, along with brothers Peezer and Weezer , will be adopted by Teddy and his new wife, Ling . In the end, after causing one more incident , the trio run away and bounce off trampolines out of the orphanage onto mules, where they ride off away from the orphanage, thus ending the film.  An epilogue consists of two young actors  playing the Farrelly brothers, explaining that the stunts were all done by professionals, showing the foam rubber props used in the film for the trio to hit one another, demonstrating the fake eye-poke trick , and advising children not to try any of the stunts at home. During the closing credits a music video plays showing the Stooges and Sister Rosemary  performing "It\'s a Shame", originally recorded by The Spinners in 1970, interspersed with excerpts from deleted scenes and a couple of brief outtakes. Though credited to "The Spinners and The Three Stooges", Hudson\'s own distinctive vocals can also be heard.'] ["Winslow Lowry, the no-good, indebted nephew of elderly, infirm billionaire Albert Dennison seeks to speed his uncle's demise by hiring three of the most inept orderlies he can possibly find. The trio, Markie, Buffy and Kool, only mean well, however, and their good-natured antics actually help re-energize the ailing Albert. They find out about Winslow's scheme and try to stop it from taking place."] ["In the early days of World War 2, Norman Pitkin, a roadmender with St Godric's Borough Council, falls foul of the soldiers in an army camp, when his handiwork slows down access to the camp. Despite the efforts of Borough Engineer, Mr Grimsdale, the army has both of them called up for army service. They find themselves in the Pioneer Corps, doing much the same sort of work. The two are posted to France, but mistakenly end up behind German lines. Grimsdale is captured by German soldiers and taken to local headquarters in a chateau. Meanwhile, Pitkin has wandered into the nearby town, but doesn't notice soldiers standing to attention and saluting him. It transpires that he's a double of the local commander, General Schreiber. In a cafe, he recognises the waitress as Lesley, an ATS officer he had briefly met in training camp. She is in fact an undercover agent working with the local resistance group, but Pitkin inadvertently blows her cover and she's arrested, along with the cafe owner. Pitkin and Henri, another resistance worker, break into the chateau, using a tunnel that Pitkin digs, but they too are captured. Pitkin comes face-to-face with Schreiber and finally realises his chance. To keep up the deception, he has a tryst with Gretchen, the general's mistress - a singer of Wagnerian proportions - and comically attempts to sing Schubert lieder with her. Pitkin/Schreiber manages to release the prisoners, who escape through the tunnel, but Pitkin is caught and sentenced to be shot at dawn. As the execution is about to be carried out, he escapes through the same tunnel and runs back to the Allied lines. At war's end, all have survived and peace returns to the Council offices. Grismdale is still Borough Engineer, but Pitkin is now the mayor."] ['The story is rather similar to the ending of Singin\' in the Rain, where a singer fraudulently "borrows" the voice of Norman Wisdom\'s character.'] ['The story begins with three children and a horse. These are young versions of Dudley Do-Right , Nell Fenwick , Snidely Whiplash , and Horse. The three talk of their aspirations; Dudley believes he is destined to be a royal Canadian Mountie while Nell wishes to see the world. Snidely, however, wishes to be the "bad guy". Several years later, all three have fulfilled their supposed destinies. Dudley  is now a Mountie , and Snidely  has become an infamous bank robber. After Snidely and his gang rob a bank of its money and gold, Snidely tricks his entire gang into believing he has fled with the bulk of the cash to the Sudan and going on a wild goose chase after him. Snidely subsequently salts the stolen gold and spreads it in the lakes. Dudley catches him the act, but Snidely fools him into thinking he is vampire hunting, and uses a similar tactic to scare Horse off. Not long after, Nell  returns from her world tour and reunites with Dudley. The two attend a festival at the nearby Kumquat tribe. Meanwhile, Prospector Kim J. Darling , the poorest man in Semi-Happy Valley, stumbles across the gold in the river and is made into a media sensation by Snidely. The subsequent gold rush boosts Snidely\'s popularity and he quickly takes control of the town, renaming it "Whiplash City". Eventually, Snidely\'s men return from the Sudan to kill him for his deceit, but Snidely convinces them otherwise by offering them lives of luxury in his new town. Dudley becomes convinced that Snidely is up to something and confronts him, but Snidely laughs him off and snatches Nell from him. Snidely sends his second in command, Homer, to assassinate Dudley with a bomb, but Dudley is absent when the bomb goes off. Nell\'s father, Inspector Fenwick , discovers this and discharges Dudley from the Mounties. Dudley falls into a depression and wanders across the town until he runs into a drunken Darling, who offers him shelter at his underground cave in the woods. Darling tells Dudley of Snidely\'s plans and newfound popularity, and takes him to see a Gala Ball in Snidely\'s honor. Dudley comically attempts to take Nell back from Snidely, but loses pathetically. Darling decides to put Dudley through some training to make him a more formidable opponent, which basically involved Dudley being pummeled with stones in a trust exercise and beaten with sticks in an attempt to heighten his senses. At the end of the training, which leaves Dudley barely conscious, Darling comments that Dudley will be perfectly alright against the enemy, depending they DON\'T attack him with sticks. Dudley\'s first act is to intimidate one of Snidely\'s men into telling him the next gold shipment. Dudley sabotages the shipment and leaves his mark on Snidely\'s workshop, as well as his favorite golf course. Eventually, Darling leaves to find his family, and parts ways with Dudley, thanking him for his friendship. Dudley then uses his new training to win Nell back from Snidely, who swears revenge. Snidely attempts to rally the people against Dudley, but their lingering respect for Dudley only turns them against Snidely. Snidely ultimately discovers that Dudley and Nell are at another festival with the Kumquat tribe, and leads a full scale attack on them. The Kumquats flee for their lives until Horse reappears and helps Dudley sabotage Snidely\'s tanks by making Snidely and Homer accidentally shoot each other. A cavalry of Mounties appears and arrests Snidely and his men. Darling also arrives with his wife and is reunited with Dudley, revealing that they called out the cavalry. Inspector Fenwick reinstates Dudley in the Mounties. The final scene shows Dudley and Nell living together in Dudley\'s rebuilt house. They share a kiss as the film closes.'] ["Pyare  is blind and Mohan  is deaf after they meet a severe accident  Both are friends and seem to be happy with their disability but they crave the love of a girl who will love them for who they are. They eventually come across two sisters Preeti  and Piya . The men fall in love with them and begin to dream of a life with them. Unfortunately the girls have the opposite feeling and see them only as friends and when they ask for the reason why they don't love them, they learn it is because of their disabilities. And so, burdened by their disabilities the girls leave for Bangkok as they have a show there. On the plane, a nervous passenger called Tony , who is actually a don, feels that the aircraft is about to crash due to the turbulence. He then begins to make a confession to a priest  about his escape from India and that he is actually an underworld don who has faked his own death. The priest is seated next to Preeti and Piya. As the turbulence clears Tony feels insecure about telling the priest about his intention but soon the plane is fine and Tony is scared that the priest may reveal his true identity so he kills the priest at Bangkok airport and the blame falls on Preeti and Piya. They are charged for murder and are imprisoned in a Bangkok jail. Pyare and Mohan hear about the arrest and quickly go to Bangkok to save them. Soon they escape with the girls but Tony's men are after them as well as the police. After some daring scenes Tony becomes impatient with his brother Tiny, so he kills him. When hearing that they can be taken out of Bangkok, Pyare, Mohan, Preeti and Piya hide from the police and don Tony. Tony finds out about their attempt to escape and heads them off. Hitting bottles at Pyare and Mohan with a baseball bat, Tony hopes to kill the girls, but he is unsuccessful because Pyare and Mohan protect them. When the bottes run out Pyare and Mohan faint. Tony then grabs the girls and starts trying to hit them with the bat itself. Pyare then becomes conscience and uses the watch to awaken and find Mohan. The two then find Tony and start beating him. They are about to strike the last blow, when a bullet is shot. The police have arrived with Tiny, who is still alive. He was rushed to the hospital just in time, and told the police everything about his brother's plans. Tony is then arrested. After healing, Pyare and Mohan go to the airport to return home to India. While doing so they run into Preeti and Piya who tell them that they love them and want to marry them."] ['Lewis plays Private Meredith Bixby, who cannot fall in line with army procedure, even though he has had 17 months of training. A psychologist , is assigned to make him into a good soldier, and she enlists two fellow servicemen to help Bixby with his training. About the only thing that he can do right is remember things with his photographic memory. Eventually they are assigned to a base in Morocco. One night they all head off to a bar and Bixby gets drunk on "Moroccan Delights", which he thinks are malteds. He gets involved with a femme fatale  and is kidnapped by some Arabian renegades. Abdul  guards Bixby and makes him assemble a stolen cannon, which Bixby had already memorized the instructions to back at the base. Eventually Bixby is rescued by his fellow soldiers and they are all presented with medals of honor.'] [" Rance Roden ([[Don Lamond  plans to kill off all the buffalo and thus cause the Indians to riot. After they destroy the U.S. Cavalry , Rance and his gang will take over the West. Meanwhile, a Boston magazine gets wind of the buffalo slaughter and sends editor Kenneth Cabot  and his associates  to Casper, Wyoming to investigate. Once there, Ken's shooting skills (secretly aided by sharp shooter Annie Oakley  earn him the job of town sheriff. Rance has his band of bad guys called in to have the lawmen wiped out, but the Stooges sneak into the gang's hideout while the gang is asleep and glue their firearms to their holsters. When Ken confronts the bad guys, the bad guys decide that a life of justice is better than crime. Meanwhile, Rance and Trigger attempt to sell firearms to the Indians, including an armoured wagon containing a Gatling Gun and cannon in a turret, but the Stooges foil this plan by snapping a picture of them making the sale."] ['Tiska , Taska  and Baska  Jones, three snippy society girls, are willed an inheritance so long as they are married, but their fiances postpone their engagements. Their shrewd lawyer Diggin  suggests they marry three death row inmates  to retain the dough; once they are married, they get their inheritance, the convicts are hung, and can marry their fiances free and clear. They do so, but the boys are pardoned by the governor, and as the girls celebrate their new bout of widowhood, the Stooges make their way into their house and make themselves at home.  Mortified, the devious debutantes try to think up an excuse to divorce their new beaus and decide to force them to become society gentlemen, something they feel the Stooges will be unable to accomplish. After enrolling the Stooges in an ill-fated dance lesson, and after finding them to be more accommodating to entering society after Moe realizes what they are up to. Diggin suggests that the girls throw a formal party, hoping the Stooges will make a shambles of the evening. They do, of course, and the evening ends with the Stooges first genuine pie fight. Diggin chastises the boys for their social ineptness and threatens to annul their marriages at once. However, the girls have had enough of Diggins and decide to remain married to the Stooges. They along with the other guests in attendance strike back at Diggins by covering him in pie from head to toe.'] ["Diana Emerson  is in the book department of Klopper's Department store looking for a copy of the book Dark Safari, written by the famed explorer Cuddleford. Buzz Johnson  overhears Diana saying that she will pay $2,500 for a map that is inside that book. He devises a plan to pass off his friend Stanley Livington  as a great explorer who accompanied Cuddleford on the expedition described in the book. With claims that he can reproduce the map, the two men go to Diana's home that very night. They agree to accompany her on an African expedition, and when Bud overhears that Clyde Beatty has been offered $20,000 to lead the expedition, he feels that the map is worth considerably more than $2,500. They travel to Africa, along with Diana's team of explorers, including Harry , 'Boots' Wilson , 'Grappler' McCoy ([[Max Baer  and Gunner , a nearsighted professional hunter. The boys learn that the true expedition is for diamonds rather than exploration, and Buzz plans to renegotiate the deal. Unfortunately Stanley cannot reproduce the map, as he has never seen it, and the two attempt to bluff their way around the jungle. Eventually the entire expeditionary team arrives at a cannibal village, where the chief offers several diamonds in exchange for Stanley . They start to chase Stanley all over the place, while Buzz buries the diamonds before the tribal warriors are finally frightened away by a large gorilla . Meanwhile, another gorilla has dug up the diamonds that Buzz has hidden. Some time after returning to the United States, Stanley owns the department store, along with the gorilla, and Buzz works for them as the elevator operator.<ref name | titleJim Mulholland | publisher181–185 | year}}"] ['The Stooges are small time song-and-dance performers who are having trouble rehearsing due to loud tapping that is going on one story above them. When they go to give the rowdies a piece of their mind, three lovely ladies named Flo , Mary  and Shirley  come to the door. It turns out the girls are performing their tap dance routine. The six become friends and go to a talent agent, Manny Weeks ([[John Tyrrell , to show of their stuff. However, he is at first unimpressed with the Stooges\' act, but hires them anyway to perform at the Noazark Shipbuilding Company to entertain defense workers.  The Stooges, as "Two Souls and a Heel", slay the audience with their hilarious "Niagara Falls" routine . When the boys receive word that the headliners  have to bail, they and the girls offer to take their place. Weeks is so enthralled with the boys\' performance that he offers to send the trio to Broadway. The Stooges nearly leave their ladies, but end up getting married first with a honeymoon planned for—where else?—Niagara Falls.'] ["Sydney L. Pythias , a 'juvenile delinquent' who is mistaken for a gang member. Mike Damon , a police officer who tries to straighten him out by putting him through police training. After a difficult training and a series of mishaps, Pythias finally proves his worth by graduating and become a police officer."] ['Hardy plays Dr. Henry Tibbett, a country doctor who is called on by a travelling circus trainer to cure his sick elephant. After the doctor heals the grateful beast, the elephant becomes so attached to him that it starts to follow him everywhere. This leads to the trainer suing Dr. Tibbett for alienation of affection.'] ["Set in the Old West, Peaceful Gulch is not so peaceful as Morgan  and his roughnecks have run the sheriff out of town. In attempt to bring normalcy back to their little town, some of the sheriff's posse concoct a scheme to trick Morgan and his hombres into thinking that there are three famous marshalls headed into town to bring back law and order. The Stooges, mistaken for the three famous marshalls, are asked to stop Morgan and his men from stealing money in an old house haunted by the ghost of a headless Indian Chief . The trio soon find that the Indian Chief is none other than one of Morgan's men. Shemp knocks out the headless henchman and dons the costume for himself. He soon runs into Moe and Larry who have been captured by Morgan. Still disguised, Shemp knocks out everyone in the room with his hatchet and the boys are heroes once again."] ['In 1978, five childhood friends won their junior high school basketball championship. During their celebration at a rented lake house, their coach, Buzzer  encourages them to live their lives in a similar way to how they played the game. Thirty years later, the five friends, who had remained close companions up until their graduation, have since separated. Lenny Feder  is a high-powered Hollywood talent agent who is married to Roxanne Chase , a fashion designer, and has three children. His two sons, Greg and Keithie  have become very spoiled much to his annoyance. Eric Lamonsoff ([[Kevin James  claims he is now a co-owner of a lawn furniture company, is married to Sally  and has two children, Donna and Bean . Much to Eric\'s chagrin, Bean continues to nurse on Sally. Kurt McKenzie  is a stay-at-home father who is married to Deanne , the primary breadwinner of the family, and has two kids, Andre and Charlotte . Deanne is pregnant with another child and her mother  also lives with the family. Rob Hilliard  has been divorced three times and has daughters Jasmine, Amber, and Bridget  from those marriages. His current wife, Gloria , is 30 years older than him. Marcus Higgins  is a lazy womanizer. All five friends regularly harass with each other in comedic fashion throughout the film: Lenny for being rich; Eric for being overweight; Kurt for being skinny and not being more useful; Rob for his way of saying "Maize!" and for having a much older wife; and Marcus for being a slacker. When the five friends soon find out that Buzzer has died, they all return to New England with their families to attend his private funeral. Lenny rents the lake house for the 4th of July weekend for his friends to stay at, but Lenny cannot stay for the whole weekend because Roxanne has a fashion show in Milan. While at the lake house, Lenny is annoyed that their kids would rather play video games than spend time outdoors, so he and the others force their kids to play outside during their stay. Eric has a small incident on a rope swing and injures a bird. At a local restaurant, Lenny runs into his old nemesis, Dickie Bailey , who is still upset at Lenny because he allegedly had his foot out of bounds when he made the long-ago game winning shot. Dickie challenges him and his friends to a rematch, but Lenny declines, noting that Dickie is decidedly out of shape. The next day, the five friends spread Buzzer\'s ashes. Rob becomes depressed during this event, lamenting his failed marriages, and later says his three daughters from the past marriages are coming. After having to deal with Jasmine, Rob goes and hangs out with his friends, who were fishing. After making some jokes on Rob, the others elect to cheer him up with a game of arrow roulette. Rob remains in the circle the longest, making him the winner. His thrill of victory is cut short as the falling arrow impales his foot. That evening, Lenny discovers the kids talking on cup phones and Roxanne accidentally tells Becky that she is the "Tooth Fairy". Happy that they are enjoying the same kind of fun he had as a child, Lenny installs an extensive cup-phone network in the house. Roxanne ultimately figures out that it is more important to stay at the lake house than going to Milan. The five friends later go to a water park. There, Bean learns to drink milk out of a carton, while Marcus flirts constantly with Jasmine and Amber, having bought them skimpy bikinis. Rob assaults a ride attendant who insults Bridget for being less attractive than her sisters. Eric ignores Donna\'s warning about a chemical in the kiddie pool that turns urine blue, and chaos results when he makes a sissy in the pool. Later, the other friends and Eric pee in the pool and the water turns blue. Later, Lenny and the group go to the zip line and meet Dickie again, this time with his own group of friends, including Wiley , who ends up in the hospital after an accident. Lenny teaches his son how to shoot a perfect shot and the guys end the night by sharing a dance with their wives. The next day, Roxanne picks up Lenny\'s phone, then confronts him on lying about canceling their flight trip before she agreed on staying for the family instead of going to Milan. Eventually, everyone starts to tell the truth about their feelings and lives. On their final day at the lake house, Lenny and his buddies are challenged again to a basketball rematch by Dickie. At the game-deciding shot, Lenny purposely misses in order to allow Dickie to finally win. Before the end of the film, Marcus plays another game of arrow roulette, this time with an entire crowd of people, and everyone takes off, with Wiley accidentally getting his foot impaled by the arrow.'] ['An attempt to bring the famed "Mr. Bill" clay characters to "life" in a sitcom format, this Showtime special featured Mr. Bill , his wife  and son , as well as his next-door neighbor, Sluggo ([[Michael McManus , his wife  and daughter . Although starring actors, the "Bills" were shown to be a "miniature" family, with many of the jokes revolving around the characters\' small size and the challenges they faced living in a "large" human world, as well as scenarios where Mr. Bill is subjected to the various abusive situations the original Saturday Night Live character was best known for. Although the audience was invited to "look out for more shows" at the end of the 43-minute special, no follow-up "Mr. Bill" shows were ever produced.'] ['Fickle Juliet Marsden  breaks off her engagement to Lucius Lorimer  for the third time to marry handsome singer and ladykiller Rodney Trask . After the wedding, Juliet\'s Southern cousin, Laura Anders , calls from South Carolina to apologize for not attending because of appendicitis. Juliet promises to visit Laura on her honeymoon and has Rodney write down the address. Before the newlyweds can leave, Rodney is visited by a woman named Clara Raymond, who blackmails him over their past relationship. Juliet\'s friend, Betty Trent ([[Lee Patrick , sees them drive away in Rodney\'s car. Rodney refuses to pay and is hit over the head by Clara\'s accomplice, developing amnesia. The blackmailers drive the car over a cliff, where it bursts into flames, and although no body is found, Rodney is believed to be dead. Rodney, not knowing who he is, takes the name "Happy Homes" from an F.H.A. billboard he chances to see, finds Laura\'s address in his pocket, and travels to her cotton plantation in search of his true identity. Laura has no idea who he is, but Rodney talks her into hiring him to run the nearly bankrupt plantation. A year passes and love develops between Happy and Laura. They marry, and before leaving on their honeymoon, make a surprise visit to Juliet. Family and friends  immediately recognize "Happy" as Rodney, but are not quite certain if it\'s really Rodney or just a coincidence. Laura and Happy are unaware of the true situation, and when the household concocts a series of delays to prevent the couple from proceeding on their honeymoon, conclude everyone is crazy. They decide to sneak out to Niagara Falls, but Juliet discovers the plan. She diverts fuel oil into the water pipes and drenches both in goo when they take showers. Happy is hypnotized by Juliet\'s psychiatrist uncle and recovers his memory, thinking it is the day of his first wedding. Lucius reveals the entire story to the innocent Laura. Refusing to admit defeat because she loves Happy, Laura hogties Juliet and locks her in the sabotaged shower. She confronts Rodney alone is his bedroom. She convinces him that she is the "Cousin Laura" that he spoke to on the phone and that a year has passed. Rodney realizes that he is married to both women. She also charms him into kissing her, and his latent feelings for her arise again. Juliet, covered in black oil, escapes the shower and finds Rodney kissing Laura, leading to a pillow fight over his affections that winds up with Juliet being tarred and feathered. Laura decides to leave for South Carolina. Rodney realizes that he loves Laura. He tricks her into bashing him over the head with an urn containing his supposed remains  and "becomes" Happy again. Juliet disgustedly concludes that he is a "chameleon" and gives him up.'] ["Mabel  tries to sell hot dogs at a car race, but isn't doing a very good job at it. She sets down the box of hot dogs and leaves them for a moment. Charlie  finds them and gives them away to the hungry spectators at the track as Mabel frantically tries to find her lost box of hot dogs. Mabel finds out that Charlie has stolen them and sends the police after him. Chaos ensues."] ['Henry Shand goes to Alaska to search for gold and find his fortune. While there, his spoiled son Reggie gets mad that he has to work for money. What further angers him is the fact that he has to share the dogsled with his two-year-old brother, nicknamed "Bobo". Reggie decides to take matters into his own hands and pushes Bobo off the sled, leaving him to die in the wintery Klondike wilderness. Some twenty years later, Henry has died, giving Reggie a large inheritance of thirty million dollars. Reggie foolishly spends it within a year, causing his new wife, Rhonda, to become an angry alcoholic, as they have gone broke and had to move back in with Reggie\'s mother, Margaret. Margaret has gone insane since Bobo\'s disappearance and Henry\'s death, and has now spent much of the family\'s fortune on buying homes for stray cats. Meanwhile, a biologist named Penny arrives from Alaska, claiming to have found Bobo. They discover that Bobo has been raised by wolves, causing him to sniff everyone\'s butts, run on all fours, growl and bark, and run through wet cement while chasing firetrucks or dogs. Reggie decides to manipulate Bobo into signing over his inheritance to him to pay off gambling debts. Reggie tells Penny that she can use Bobo for wolf research, but first must teach him to walk, talk, read, and, of course, write. Penny shaves Bobo and gives him a haircut, but getting him to act like a man proves to be a difficult task, and Bobo continues to unknowingly cause problems. Things get even worse when Bobo goes out in public, wreaking havoc in a shopping mall by going into dressing rooms, unwittingly trying on clothes and walking out of stores with them. As Bobo behaves more like a man, Penny begins to fall for him. Reggie wants her to speed up the teaching, as the people he owes money want their cash quickly. In court, Penny stands up for Bobo, having discovered Reggie\'s scheme. Bobo refuses to sign, and Reggie frantically attempts to demonstrate how Bobo was acting, making him look ridiculous to the judge, who drops the case. Bobo and Penny go outside and kiss, but Bobo stops to chase a firetruck.'] ['A movie studio executive  introduces the movie, explaining that the film itself has no plot, but simply shows Jerry Lewis as Stanley, the bellboy, getting in many ridiculous situations, bumbling his way from one scene to the next. Stanley does not speak, except at the very end of the movie. Lewis also appears in a speaking role playing himself escorted by a large entourage, as his bellhop counterpart simultaneously emerges from a crowded elevator.'] ['At Norfolk Naval Base in the opening months of World War II, Lieutenant John W. Harkness , a newly commissioned officer, reports aboard the PC-1168 unaware that his civilian background in engineering and his Rutgers education has elected him, by means of a hole punched in an IBM card, to head a secret project and command the ship. The Navy has installed a steam engine and an experimental evaporator-condenser in the ship to test its feasibility in patrol craft and has assigned Harkness to conduct the sea trials. The crew of the submarine chaser assume that Harkness is Regular Navy. Her chief boatswain\'s mate, Chief Larrabee , and her chief machinist\'s mate are the only experienced seamen aboard. PC-1168s crew are all newly inducted civilians, and her officers recently commissioned "90 day wonders". The exec, Lt.  Barron , is a good-natured idea-man whose knowledge of seamanship is out of books. The engineering officer, Ens. Barbo , has no training, education, or experience in engineering. And the supply-Mess officer, Ens. Dorrance , is plagued by seasickness. After badly damaging bow of the ship their first time underway, Harkness and his officers butt heads with gruff Commander Reynolds , who oversees the project as the representative of Rear Admiral Tennant ([[Ray Collins . The first trial results in the ship being towed into port, disparaged as the "USS Teakettle" by the rest of the base. Reynolds restricts the crew to the ship until they make the system work, and as the failures mount, the crew\'s morale plummets, threatening the entire project. The officers hit upon a scheme to enter a crewman in the base boxing championship to unite the crew. They train an engine room sailor, Wascylewski , to represent the ship. The crew bets heavily on their shipmate, and to ensure that the "Teakettle" does not fail a sea trial scheduled for the day of the fight, smuggles distilled water aboard. Wascylewski breaks his ribs during the sea trial, forcing Barbo to stand in, but surprisingly he wins the championship. The film climaxes with the Official Sea Trial of the "Teakettle" in which the crew improvises a successful run. Even so, the trial ends in humiliation for the crew when the ship rams an aircraft carrier—again. At the board of inquiry that follows, Admiral Tennant reveals to Harkness that the selection of his crew was no fluke: the Navy already knew that experts could run the system; it needed to see if novice sailors, who made up the overwhelming percentage of the wartime Navy, could quickly learn to operate it.'] ["Donald Sinclair, the eccentric owner of The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino in Las Vegas, devises a new game to entertain the high rollers who visit his hotel. Six special tokens are placed in the casino's slot machines, and the winners are gathered together and told that $2 million in cash is hidden in a duffel bag in a train station locker in Silver City, New Mexico. Each team is given a key to the locker and told to race to the train station and claim the money. Unbeknownst to the competitors, Sinclair's wealthy patrons are placing bets on who will win the race. Among the racers are scheming twins Duane and Blaine Cody, businesswoman Merrill Jennings and her estranged mother Vera, disgraced football referee Owen Templeton, the Pear family led by opportunistic father Randy, eccentric Italian tourist Enrico Pollini who suffers from narcolepsy, and no-nonsense attorney Nick Schaffer. Duane and Blaine destroy an airport radar with their pickup truck to prevent anyone from flying to the finish line, before deciding to split up to double their chances of winning by creating a replica key. However, a locksmith overhears their plan and makes off with the key. The brothers chase the locksmith who tries to escape in a hot air balloon, eventually recovering the key and leaving the locksmith and a stray dairy cow hanging from the balloon's anchor rope. The brothers later steal a monster truck when their car is destroyed. Merrill and Vera crash their car thanks to malicious road directions given by a crazed squirrel saleswoman, forcing them to steal a rocket car which races across the desert until it runs out of fuel, the women dizzily stumbling onto a bus full of mental patients which eventually drives through Silver City. Owen is left stranded in the desert by a vengeful cab driver, but comes across a coach filled with women going to an I Love Lucy convention and disguises himself as the driver. Nearing Silver City, the bus hits the cow dangling from the hot air balloon, swerving off the road and suffering a puncture . Owen breaks down, reveals he is not a coach driver and is forced to flee from the women. The Pear Family mistakenly visit a museum dedicated to Nazi Klaus Barbie, but after the Cody brothers vandalize their car engine, they steal Adolf Hitler's Mercedes-Benz car. Randy accidentally insults a biker gang, who attack the car, causing the Pears to crash into a meeting for World War II veterans, who believe the family to be Nazis. Randy later drugs his family, who wished to stop the race, and hitches a ride on a semi tractor to reach Silver City. Nick at first refuses to participate until he meets helicopter pilot Tracy Faucet who offers him a lift to Silver City, as she is still able to fly. On the way, they pass over Tracy's boyfriend's house but find he is with his ex-girlfriend, enraging Tracy to the point that she chases him in the helicopter until it runs out of fuel, causing her and Nick to steal her boyfriend's truck. Enrico, who is narcoleptic, falls asleep at the start of the race but awakens hours later and receives a lift from ambulance driver Zack Mallozzi, who is delivering a transplant heart to El Paso. Zack wants to show off the heart, but this results in it bouncing out the window. Zack considers removing Enrico's heart to replace the first, but Enrico flees onto a passing train. Zack, in dispair, touches an electric fence, which brings the retrieved heart back to life. All the racers reunite in Silver City, but Enrico arrives at the train station first only to fall asleep as he reaches the locker. Sinclar's assistant Mr. Grisham and callgirl Vicky steal the money bag, but lose it when the locksmith ties it to the balloon, only for the three to crash their car. The racers follow the balloon until it lands at a charity concert hosted by Smash Mouth. All the racers are persuaded to give the money to charity, Nick forcing Sinclair and his fellow gamblers to pay double the amount raised ."] ['Charlie and his partner are to deliver a piano to 666 Prospect St. and repossess one from 999 Prospect St.'] ['In Getting any? Minoru Iizuka, also known as "Dankan" , portrays Asao, a naive and goofy man who lives with his grandfather in Saitama Prefecture. Even though Asao is 35 years old, he is very inexperienced with girls, but he absolutely wants to have sex. One day as he watches an erotic TV film, he realizes that all he needs to get girls and sex is a fancy car, so he runs to the closest car dealer. In the TV film, the male character had a Porsche 911 Cabriolet, so Asao aims for a luxury import car dealer. To the seller asking what kind of cars he is looking for, Asao naively answers that he wants "a car for having sex". After trying a cabriolet, with the assistance of a very helpful and somewhat helpless hostess, Asao confesses he is strapped. All he can afford is a used domestic budget-car, so he is forced to buy a Honda Today, a modest K-car which is very cheap compared to the Mercedes-Benz, Rolls Royce, Aston Martin and Ferrari displayed in the show room.  Asao imagines stewardesses are naked and offer "on-board sex service" to first class 747 customers, so he decides to travel by plane. Since he does not have any money, he will do an armed bank robbery, but first he needs a weapon, so he heads to Kawaguchi City  where he will be able to make his own revolver in the local iron foundry. Eventually, he has many adventures such as joining the yakuza, becoming Zatoichi, becoming invisible, and getting transformed into a giant fly-man a la the film The Fly. The movie ends with his capture after diving into a large reservoir of feces. After the credits, there is a scene where Asao jumps around Tokyo as the fly-man before landing/getting impaled on Tokyo Tower.'] ['After seven years, Thomas R. "Tommy" Callahan III  barely graduates from Marquette University and returns home to Sandusky, Ohio. His proud father, industrialist and widower Thomas "Big Tom" Callahan, Jr. , gives him an executive job at the family\'s auto parts plant, Callahan Auto. In addition to the new job and office, Big Tom reveals another set of surprises for his son: He plans to marry Beverly Barrish-Burns , a woman he had met at a fat farm, and her son, Paul , will become Tommy\'s new stepbrother. But, during the wedding reception, Big Tom dies from a sudden heart attack. After the funeral, the bank reneges on promises of a loan for a new brake pad division, the key to Big Tom\'s strategy for the company. Doubting the future of the company without Big Tom, the bank seeks immediate payment of Callahan Auto\'s debts. In a move that surprises even himself, Tommy suggests a deal: Tommy will let the bank hold his inherited shares and house in exchange for the bank giving him time to sell enough orders for brake pads to prove the new division\'s viability. If he sells the brake pads by the deadline, the bank will grant the loan. The bankers agree, and set Tommy\'s goal at proven sales of 500,000 brake pads. The bankers remind Tommy that if he should fail, the bank will use their ownership stake to convince the board to sell the company. Tommy sets out on a cross-nation sales trip with his father\'s former assistant, Richard Hayden , a childhood friend who has long been jealous of Tommy\'s ability to be lazy and yet be rewarded. Meanwhile, Beverly and Paul are shown kissing romantically. They are not mother and son, but married con artists with criminal records. Their plan to steal from Big Tom has paid off early. Instead of eventually suing for divorce and taking half of Big Tom\'s estate, Beverly has inherited controlling interest in the company. To turn that into cash, she seeks a quick sale to self-described "auto parts king" Ray Zalinsky . On the road, Tommy\'s social awkwardness and hyperactivity alienate potential buyers. These failures lead to tension between Tommy and Richard, which eventually escalates into a fight between the two after a near-car accident that was indirectly and unintentionally caused by Tommy. Adding to the duo\'s problems, Richard\'s classic 1967 Plymouth GTX is damaged in a series of comic pratfalls. But, when Tommy persuades a surly waitress to serve him after the kitchen has closed, he finds his confidence. With Tommy regaining confidence, the two make their first successful sale. The pair manage to mend their friendship and quickly make their sales goal. However, Paul sabotages the company\'s computers, causing sales posted by sales manager Michelle Brock  to be lost or rerouted. Customers cancel their orders. The bank, backed by Beverly and Paul, decides to sell Callahan Auto to Zalinsky. On the eve of the sale, Zalinsky does not hide his plans: He only wants the goodwill connected with the Callahan brand. He will close down the company and lay off its 300 workers. Hoping that they can persuade Zalinsky to reconsider his plans, Tommy and Richard travel to Chicago. In Chicago, Tommy and Richard are removed from the Zalinsky board room since Tommy has no standing. After briefly wallowing on the curb in self-pity, Michelle arrives with Paul and Beverly\'s police records. Tommy devises \'a plan:\' Dressed as a bogus suicide bomber, he attracts a live television news crew and then forces his way back into the board room. In Sandusky, Callahan workers watch the drama on a conveniently placed television. Having gained the attention of Zalinsky and the Callahan board, Tommy reveals his deception; the sticks of dynamite strapped to his chest are just road flares stolen from a construction site. In a final move of pure persuasion, Tommy quotes Zalinsky\'s own advertising claim to be on the side of the "American working man." As a TV audience watches, Zalinsky signs Tommy\'s purchase order for "half-a-million" brake pads. Workers in Sandusky cheer. The TV crew, thinking the story dramatically concluded, leaves. With the cameras gone, Zalinsky says that the purchase order is meaningless, as he will soon own Callahan Auto. However, Michelle shows her police documents, which includes Paul\'s outstanding warrants for fraud. The group around the table works through the logic together: Since Beverly is still married to Paul, her marriage to Big Tom was bigamy, and therefore never legal. Thus, the shares actually belong to Tommy. Since Tommy does not want to sell, the deal with Zalinsky is off. And, since Tommy still holds Zalinsky\'s purchase order, the company is saved. Paul attempts to escape, but is arrested. Zalinsky admits that Tommy outplayed him and invites Beverly to dinner. And, in a happy ending, Tommy is introduced to the employees in Sandusky as the new leader of Callahan Auto.'] ['The film opens with Katie  and Becca  meeting a gruesome, supernatural death seven days after watching a cursed videotape ([[The Ring . They die when the TV turns on by itself. In a farm outside Washington D.C., a widowed farmer and former reverend, Tom Logan  and his clumsy brother George  are walking through the farmfields when they discover a crop circle ([[Signs . The "circle" is part of a large arrow carved into the crops which point at the Logan house and spells out "ATTACK HERE". Since the previous film, the gang have all gone their separate ways. In Washington, Cindy Campbell , now an anchorwoman, announces the crop circles on the news and afterwards has an argument with her boss. He only wants stories featuring sex, violence and the weather. She later picks up her paranormally endowed nephew Cody  from school, where her best friend Brenda Meeks  now works as a teacher and is no longer dating Ray Wilkins . George Logan arrives to pick up his niece Sue, who is in the same class. George and Cindy are instantly smitten and he invites Cindy and Brenda to a rap-battle with his rapper friends Mahalik  and CJ ([[Kevin Hart  ([[8 Mile . Later that evening, George competes proves to actually be quite talented. But due to some unintentional racist blunders, he is thrown out. Following the battle, Brenda asks Cindy to keep her company, since she watched the cursed videotape herself. After playing several pranks on Cindy, she gets the rest of the popcorn in the lounge and is killed by the undead girl, Tabitha , who emerges from the set. George receives a phone call about the death and Tom meets with Sayaman, who apologises for the accident involving himself and Tom\'s wife Annie . During Brenda\'s wake, George and Mahalik wreak havoc on Brenda\'s corpse trying to bring her back to life. Cindy decides to watch the tape for herself and is also cursed. She calls George, CJ and Mahalik for help. CJ offers that his Aunt Shaneequa, might be able to help. Aunt Shaneequa , the Matrix The Oracle, and her husband Orpheus  agree to watch the tape. Shaneequa discovers the hidden image of a lighthouse, which Cindy must find to solve the mystery. When Cindy returns home, she finds that Cody watched the tape, condemning him to certain death. Back at work, Cindy searches through pictures of lighthouses, before finding the one from the tape. Desperate to save Cody\'s life, Cindy tries to warn everyone by entering a message into the news anchor\'s teleprompter, but she is interrupted by her boss and a janitor. The Logans hear the message and take it seriously since they encountered an alien disguised as Michael Jackson, and President Baxter Harris , who personally visits the farm to investigate the crop circles. Cindy ventures to the lighthouse, where she encounters The Architect . The loquacious  old man explains the story behind the killer tape. Tabitha was his evil adopted daughter, whom his wife drowned in the farm\'s well, but not before she imprinted her evil onto the tape. Unfortunately, he mistook the evil tape for a copy of Pootie Tang and returned it to Blockbuster Inc. instead, unleashing the curse. Returning home, Cindy discovers that her station has been broadcasting the evil tape for hours, and there have been various sightings of aliens around the world. Worse, Cody is missing. Cindy manages to track him back to the Logan farm, where he has taken refuge with George. Tom orders everybody into the basement for safety, as he, George and Mahalik go outside to fight off the extraterrestrials. The aliens  arrive, but reveal that they are in fact friendly and have come to stop Tabitha, since they accidentally watched the tape on a broadcast they had intercepted, thinking it was Pootie Tang. In the basement, Cindy realizes that the farm\'s cellar is what is seen on the tape and she finds the well where Tabitha was drowned under the cellar floor. Suddenly, Tabitha appears behind her. A short fight ensues, during which Tabitha takes Cody hostage. Cindy and George appeal to her, offering her a place in their family. Tabitha appears to accept the offer, and Cindy replies with "Really?" but Tabitha also replies with "Nah I\'m just screwing with you." and advances to Cindy and the others, but is accidentally knocked back into the well by President Harris. The aliens leave in peace, and Cindy and George get married. Leaving for their honeymoon, they realize they forget to take Cody with them, and the boy gets hit by a car while chasing them down the road.'] ['New York City in the 1920s is where gambler "Honey Talk" Nelson  crosses paths with bookie "Jumbo" Schneider . Nelson has two choices, cement shoes or "fixing" a horse race in Maryland. Naturally, Nelson heads to Maryland with his cousin Virgil Yokum  tagging along. Once in Maryland, Nelson falls for the owner  of the horse that has been chosen for the "fix". Virgil has also fallen in love, with the horse\'s veterinarian . Nelson decides that love should prevail and refuses to go along with the plan. Meanwhile, an English jockey , who is to ride the horse, is prevented from performing his job by Schneider\'s mobsters and Yokum winds up riding the horse to victory.'] ['Mel Funn , a great film director, is now recovering from a drinking problem and down on his luck. He sets out to Big Picture Studios to pitch a new script to the Chief, aided by his ever-present sidekicks Dom Bell  and Marty Eggs . His big idea: the first silent motion picture in forty years. At first the Chief , who is in danger of losing the studio to the  rabid and greedy New York conglomerate Engulf & Devour (Harold Gould and [[Ron Carey , rejects the idea, but Funn convinces him that if he can get Hollywood\'s biggest stars to be in the film, he could save the studio. Funn, Eggs, and Bell proceed to recruit various people for the film. Their first target is Burt Reynolds, whom they first surprise in his shower. This does not go well, but they are able to sign him on by appearing at his house in disguise . They recruit James Caan despite a disastrous lunch in his broken trailer, and then torture Liza Minnelli at the commissary . They then disguise themselves as Flamenco dancers to get close to Anne Bancroft at a nightclub, and sign her on as well after a comical dance sequence. News breaks out that the Chief has taken ill and is in the hospital. While there, Mel phones Marcel Marceau in Paris who apparently declines the offer, delivering the only line of dialogue in the film, in French: "Non!" When asked by the others what Marceau said, Funn explains he doesn\'t understand French. It is never stated, but can be inferred that Marceau later changed his mind. Paul Newman is seen on the hospital grounds. After leading them on a wild Hollywood-style chase in electric wheelchairs, he asks to be in the film. Funn and company reply with the typical Hollywood-esque "We\'ll get back to you." In the next shot, a newspaper ad indicates that they rejected Newman. In the process of their search for stars, the trio have a number of brief but funny misadventures, including a mixup between two German Shepherds , a flying blueberry pie, and several  efforts by Marty Eggs to seduce various women. The most notable encounter involves a Coca Cola machine that dispenses cans by launching them like grenades. Engulf and Devour, meanwhile, worry that Funn will save Big Picture Studios and they will be unable to buy it. They attempt to "stop Funn with sex" by sending voluptuous nightclub sensation Vilma Kaplan  to seduce Funn and pretend to be in love with him. Funn falls head over heels, but when Eggs and Bell reveal the truth to him on the day before filming begins, the director returns to drinking. Ironically, moments after this turn of events, Vilma is seen calling Mr. Engulf with the news that she is quitting: she has fallen for Funn for real. She and Funn\'s associates find the director passed-out in a pile of winos, and several hundred cups of coffee sober him up. Funn\'s silent movie is completed in record time. Unfortunately, the only copy of it is stolen from the theater by Engulf & Devour just before its big premiere. Vilma volunteers to stall the theater\'s audience with her nightclub act while Funn and his associates go out to steal back their film. They succeed, but are chased by Engulf and Devour\'s thuggish executives. They are eventually cornered, but fortunately they are near the violent soda machine, which they use against their foes. Most of the executives, including Mr. Devour, are disabled by the exploding cans of Coke, allowing Funn, Eggs, and Bell to escape. They hurry the film to the theater, where it is shown for the first time. After the movie is over, the audience applauds wildly and leaps to its feet while balloons and streamers fill the air. "They seem to like it," Funn says. The film ends with the jubilant audience filing out of the theater past Funn, Eggs, Bell, Vilma, and the recovered studio chief. At the end, a title card is shown: "This is a true story."'] ['The story begins at Los Angeles airport, where Dr. Richard Thorndyke  has several odd encounters. He leaves for the institute with his driver, Brophy ([[Ron Carey . Upon his arrival, he is greeted by the staff, Dr. Montague , Dr. Wentworth  and Nurse Diesel . When he goes to his room, a large rock is thrown through the window, with a message of welcome from the Violent Ward. Thorndyke then hears strange noises coming from Nurse Diesel\'s room and when he and Brophy go to investigate, Diesel claims it was the TV. However, it was a passionate session of BDSM with Dr. Montague. The next morning, he is alerted by a light shining through his window. It is coming from the violent ward. Later, Nurse Diesel is talking with Dr. Wentworth. He wants to leave, but she won\'t let him. However, after some arguing, she says she\'ll let him go. When Wentworth is driving home that night, his radio blasts rock music loudly and will not shut off. He is trapped in his car, and he dies from an ear hemorrhage. After this, Thorndyke goes to the grand hotel - the broad-atriumed, vertigo-inducing Hyatt Regency San Francisco, where much to his dismay he is relegated to a room on the top floor, due to a reservation mix-up. He pesters the bellboy  with repeated requests about getting a newspaper, wanting to look in the obituary for information concerning Dr. Wentworth\'s demise. He then takes a shower, during which the bellboy comes and in a frenzy mimics stabbing Thorndyke with the paper while screaming "Here\'s your paper! Happy now?! Happy?" The paper\'s ink runs down the drain, a reference to Psycho. After his shower, a woman bursts through the door; she is Victoria Brisbane , the daughter of Arthur Brisbane . She wants help regarding her father. He agrees to the terms, but then finds out Nurse Diesel\'s plot. The patient is not the real Arthur Brisbane. To stop Thorndyke, Diesel and Montague hire a killer, "Braces" , to impersonate Thorndyke and shoot a man in the lobby. Now with the police after him, he must prove his innocence. He contacts Brophy, and realizes Brophy took a picture of the shooting. The real Thorndyke was in the elevator at the time, so he should be in the picture. He orders Brophy to enlarge the picture. When he goes to call, "Braces" tries to strangle him; however, Thorndyke is able to kill him. Brophy enlarges the photo, and Thorndyke is indeed visible in the picture. Nurse Diesel and Montague capture Brophy and take him to the North Wing. They also take the real Arthur Brisbane to a tower to kill him. As Thorndyke runs up the tower to save him and Brisbane, Nurse Diesel leaps out from the shadows in a witch\'s costume with a broom, and falls out the tower window. Thinking she really is a witch, she tries to act like she\'s flying, ending in her crashing into the rocks below, thus killing her. Dr. Montague appears from the shadows and gives up before being hit in the head by the lighthouse trap door by Brophy. Victoria is reunited with her father and gets married to Thorndyke who go off on Honeymoon.'] ['A group of lodgers staying at the home of Dame Beatrice grow bored with their humdrum lives. When Lilly the maid one day gives into temptation and steals a brand new mink coat from their neighbours to replace Dame Beatrice\'s worn-out one, they spring into action. As Lilly had a prison record for her time as a young delinquent they hatch a plan to put back the coat before its owners realise it has gone. Despite several mishaps they manage to safely return the mink without raising suspicions, thanks to a plan drawn up by the retired Major Rayne. The four of them get such a buzz from the operation that they decide to set up a more permanent occupation stealing, rather than returning, mink coats and giving the proceeds to charity. Their first attempt to rob a boutique goes partially wrong, but they still manage to get away with one coat. Once they have the mink, they find it more difficult to dispose of. The Major goes to a shady-looking cafe in Limehouse where he has been reliably told he can find a fence but instead finds it is now run by the Salvation Army. All the while they keep their activities from Lilly, who is now dating a policeman. Eventually Dame Beatrice is able to locate a respectable fence, only to find to her shock it is run by her nephew. He agrees to pay her £550 for it, and she promises to provide many more coats. The money is used to save an orphanage from closure. Her gang then go on a spree, stealing numerous minks from boutiques and storerooms and becoming widely-known due to reports in the newspapers. As their notoriety grows the chance of being caught increases, and they have some narrow escapes. When Lilly one day discovers what they are doing she is horrified and makes them swear they\'ll stop. However, when a request for money comes from a children\'s home they decide to pull of one last job. The Major plans a raid on an illegal gambling party. While Dame Beatrice disguises herself as a gambler, the rest of them dress up as police officers and stage a "raid" of the premises planning to make away with all the fur coats in the cloakroom. Their plan goes asunder when a real police raid is launched and they manage to make their escape with difficulty with only a few furs. Expecting to be arrested at any moment, they are alarmed when an Inspector Pape turns up at their house, especially when he begins talking about furs. They manage to convince him they are a group of harmless eccentrics, and it turns out he had come about a fur stolen from one of the gang, rather than about their sprees. Once he is gone Lilly forces them again to promise they will stop stealing minks. However, once she is gone, Dame Beatrice explains that while they can no long steal minks, they said nothing about not stealing other things. The final scene shows them dressed as Yeoman Warders of the Tower of London proceeding in the direction of the Crown Jewels.'] ["Edna's father wants her to marry wealthy Count Chloride de Lime. Charlie, Edna's true love, impersonates the Count at dinner"] ['Wallace Ritchie  flies from Des Moines, Iowa to England to spend his birthday with his brother, James , the same evening James is to hold a business dinner. Though James is all too happy to spend time with Wally, his presence threatens to sour the evening, and so James sets Wallace up with an interactive improv theatre business, the "Theatre of Life," which promises to treat the participant as a character in a crime drama. Before the night begins, James hands Wallace a pair of Ambassador cigars, promising to "fire them up" before midnight in celebration of Wally\'s birthday. Trouble begins when Wallace answers a phone call intended for a hitman at the same payphone that the Theatre of Life uses for its act. The contact, Sir Roger Daggenhurst , mistakes Wallace as a hitman he\'d hired named Spencer. Thinking it\'s part of the act, Wallace uses that identity. The real Spencer  picks up the phone call meant for Wally and murders one of the actors, prompting a search for Wallace. Sir Roger, his assistant Hawkins , the British Defense Minister Gilbert Embleton , and a Russian intelligence member Sergei  plan to detonate an explosive device  during a dinner between British and Russian dignitaries, in order to rekindle the Cold War and replace their aging technology. Still believing he\'s acting with the Theatre of Life even after he is comedically mugged, Wally meets Lori , Embleton\'s call-girl. Lori plans to blackmail Embleton for a substantial amount of money using letters that detail the assassination plot. Spencer was hired specifically to eliminate her and destroy the letters. Wallace scares off Embleton when he arrives to look for them and drives Spencer off. Fearing their plot will be revealed, Daggenhurst hires two "plumbers", while Sergei hires now-inactive spy Boris "The Butcher" Blavasky , all charged with eliminating "Spencer". Boris succeeds in killing the real Spencer, but Wallace and Lori come back, retrieving the letters. When Wallace uses Spencer\'s communicator during a conversation with Daggenhurst, he tells him that "I know a couple of guys who\'re hoping to fire up some big Ambassadors, at 11:59," referring to James\' promise. Thinking the words refer to the assassination plot, both sides believe he is an American spy that has caught on to their scheme. After a police chase ends with Daggenhurst convincing the police that Wallace is a spy, Daggenhurst offers Wallace and Lori 3 million British pounds in return for the letters, at the same hotel where the dinner is taking place. This is a ruse to capture them both and kill them off. All the while Wally gets close to his "co-star" Lori, who confesses she\'d love to study acting once they\'re paid. Wally contacts James, but is captured, prompting James to call the Theatre for more time. By this point, the police have interrogated the actors and are waiting for answers from James, who thinks the officer he\'s talking to is an uncooperative actor. Believing James is an accomplice to the murder, they send a strike team to foil what they believe was a terrorist plot. However, James has already left to seek Wally at the hotel, having seen the news report that Wallace had murdered an actor. Wally meets Boris face-to-face, but Boris\' attempts to find out who he\'s working for with truth serum fails . Boris opts for torture by Dr. Rudmilla Kropotkin , but Wally and Lori escape. Lori and Wally separate, while James is captured and sent to Dr. Kropotkin while looking for Wally. Wally unwittingly finds himself as part of a group of Russian folk dancers. During the routine, he uses the Matryoshka doll bomb, disarms it seconds before it goes off, blocks a poison dart from Boris, and completely steals the show with his improvised dancing. Realizing their plot has failed, Sergei and Daggenhurst bring out two bags containing the promised 3 million for Wallace and Lori and release James, who is exhausted but otherwise fine after his torture session. Boris congratulates Wallace for his impressive covert skills and gives him a souvenir pistol, telling Wallace he will continue his butcher shop business. Sergei and Daggenhurst attempt to escape with half the money and discover Wally\'s doll, which they believe is only a normal one he picked out for himself. They are proven wrong when they realign the doll, reactivating the bomb and blowing them up, just as Wally and Lori share a kiss. Some time later on an exotic beach Wally unwittingly incapacitates a spy , passing a test by an unknown American espionage group. Believing he is capable of being a top agent, they offer him a position on "the team". Thinking that they wish to make him a movie star, Wallace accepts their offer. The movie ends with Wallace persuading them to act like dogs, desperate to have him join them.'] ['A gorgeous actress named Didi  has become more famous for commercials involving bubble baths than for acting. Fed up with the situation, she winds up running away for a while to Oregon, where she encounters a middle-aged married man  who quickly becomes extremely anxious to explore their acquaintance further.'] ['Don Boni  is diagnosed with a deadly disease and decides to spend his last days doing good deeds. He leaves his wife and decides to help people. He then gets drunk and wakes up with a winning lottery ticket and realizes that the doctor who diagnosed him has been sent to prison for fraud.'] ["The Cocoanuts is set in the Hotel de Cocoanut, a resort hotel, during the Florida land boom of the 1920s. Mr. Hammer  runs the place, assisted by Jamison , who would rather sleep at the front desk than actually help him run it. Chico and Harpo arrive with empty luggage, which they plan to fill by robbing and conning the guests. Mrs. Potter  is one of the few paying customers. Her daughter Polly  is in love with struggling young architect Bob Adams . He works to support himself as a clerk at the hotel, but has plans for the development of the entire area. Mrs. Potter wants her daughter to marry Harvey Yates , whom she believes to be of higher social standing than the clerk. This suitor is actually a con man out to steal the dowager's diamond necklace with the help of his conniving partner Penelope ."] ["Vaudeville-era magician Presto DiGiotagione{{ref label}} is famous for a hat trick wherein he pulls his rabbit Alec Azam{{ref label}} out of his top hat. The short begins with an unfed and irritated Alec locked in a cage, unable to reach his carrot. After Presto returns from eating a meal, he begins practicing his act with Alec, revealing that his top hat is magically connected to a wizard's hat kept backstage with Alec, so that when Presto reaches into the top hat, his hand appears out of the wizard's hat, allowing him to grab Alec and pull him out of the top hat. He intends to feed Alec the carrot, but realizes that he is late for the show and rushes off to the stage without doing so, much to Alec's anger. Presto tried to start the performance, but Alec has reached his limit and refuses to cooperate until he is given the carrot. Presto then spends the rest of the show trying to catch Alec through the opening between his top hat and the wizard's hat. Alec cleverly turns the hat's magic against his master into multiple painful and humiliating ways and unsuccessful attempts of magic. Presto's hand is hit by a drawer off stage, his finger is stuck into a mouse trap, and he is hit in the face by an egg . Presto responds by antagonizing Alec, turning the carrot into a flower. Furious, Alec sucks Presto's head into a vacuum kept offstage, which spikes Presto's hair, making his face red and then rips his slacks off. Angered, Presto looks angry at Alec. Alec closes Presto's hand into a drawer backstage, and looks through his sleeve for the carrot. Presto starts running at Alec, but instead is poked in the eye by his own hand. Presto drops his hat, and when he grabs the wizard hat, he accidentally takes of his pants. Furious, Presto wants to attack Alec, but in an act to defend himself, he puts a ladder into the wizard hat, and Presto is hit between the legs by the ladder kept off stage. Trying to get revenge, Presto attempts to hit Alec with the same ladder . Presto antagonizes Alec again, covering the carrot with a cloth before smashing it into a pulp with a piece of the ladder. An extremely angry Alec retaliates by aiming the opening of the wizard's hat towards an electrical socket which Presto's finger goes into, causing him to dance wildly to bluegrass music. The audience interprets these shenanigans as part of the act and applauds with increasing approval. Presto, now very angry, has had enough and chases Alec backstage, catching his foot in a rope that lifts him up to the fly space above the stage when he mistakenly releases the weights holding down some stage props. When his foot comes loose from the rope, he falls, along with a piano and some suspended scenery. Alec, realizing that Presto will be crushed, reluctantly uses the magic hat to save him, earning the audience's wild approval for both himself and Presto. Presto gives Alec the carrot , as well as second billing on the posters advertising the show , and they are rewarded for each show they do, roses for Presto and carrots for Alec."] ['{{plot}} Veterinary assistant Corky Romano  having been banished from his family after the death of his mother, is unaware of their underworld connections until he receives a call from his father, "Pops"  a Mafia crime lord. Pops has been indicted on racketeering charges, and, knowing that the prosecutors have a strong case against him, has concluded that the only solution is to somehow destroy the evidence held by the FBI. At the family mansion, an ailing and bedridden Pops convinces Corky to infiltrate the local FBI office, since the Romano family cannot send anyone with known underworld connections, such as Corky\'s brothers Paulie  and Peter . With the aid of a computer hacker, Corky is able to obtain a false name , background, and résumé. He gains access to the local FBI office, where he discovers from office chief Howard Schuster that, according to his résumé, "Pissant" graduated from Harvard, can speak five hundred different languages, is an expert sharpshooter and has a black belt in the martial art "yan mu kwan." Corky makes several trips to the FBI office\'s evidence room, only to be sidetracked each time. He is sent on investigations and raids, most of which have nothing to do with his father\'s case. Corky finds himself on a mission to infiltrate a neo-Nazi skinhead group related to the Night Vulture, a heroin trafficker who is number six on the FBI\'s Most Wanted List. Corky approaches the gang members, who promptly rip off the Britney Spears tank top he is wearing as a disguise, and take him to a warehouse. Every Mafia member, including Paulie and Peter, are listening in through a microphone that was earlier taped to Corky\'s crotch. They go to the warehouse, beat up all the gang members, and leave. When the FBI arrives, they assume that Corky has handled the skinheads singlehandedly. He receives praise at the office and in the local media, though one agent, Agent Brick Davis  appears both jealous and suspicious of him. Corky attends a hostage situation involving a Night Vulture suspect. FBI director Howard Schuster  hands Corky a machine gun and orders him to kill the suspect. When Corky fires, the trigger gets stuck, spraying bullets everywhere. One of them hits a propane tank, causing it to explode, which knocks the suspect off his feet. Agents rush in and arrest the suspect, and it transpires that his gun was a fake. Schuster sends Corky to put the suspect in jail. On the trip back to the FBI office, Corky locks himself out of the car and the suspect kicks out the metal divider between the front and back seats. The divider jams the gas pedal to the floor, sending the car weaving wildly through city streets. Corky\'s arm is stuck in the window the whole time. Later, the car crashes into Paulie and Peter. Davis and other agents arrive and proceed to arrest Paulie and Peter, citing photographic equipment in the backseat of their car . However, Corky steps in to handle the situation. He farts in the faces of his brothers, and tells them to leave. Corky grows to like FBI agent Kate Russo , but she seems uninterested until they bump into each other at the Romano mansion where Russo has been sent undercover to collect more evidence against the Romanos. Corky is able to convince Russo that he, too, is working undercover. Corky is sent to infiltrate a drug deal in Chinatown posing as a translator . Corky attempts to translate, but ends up saying nonsense phrases such as "fool" and "hairy pencil". The participating drug lords draw their guns and begin shooting in frustration. Corky\'s new FBI partners, agents Bob Cox  and Terrence Darnell ([[Dave Sheridan , engage in a shootout with one of them while the other escapes. Cox and Darnell are captured while trying to infiltrate one of Pops\' underground casinos. Corky comes to the rescue, but is caught by the bouncers and has his head placed in a paint shaker. When it is discovered that he is a member of the Romano family, and the bouncers ask how they can make it up to Corky, he says, "Maybe I can take some of my friends with me?". Corky eventually gets the evidence, and discovers that his father will be facing murder charges. Shocked, he tells Pops, who vehemently denies killing anyone. Meanwhile, Russo discovers that Corky is a member of the Romano family and not an FBI agent. The entire FBI office conducts a raid on the Romano mansion, where it is discovered that family friend Leo Corrigan  is an FBI informant and has been lying about the family\'s activities, including the alleged murder. It is also discovered that Brick Davis is in fact the Night Vulture. Leo is knocked out by Corky with a light fixture, and Davis is arrested by his fellow FBI agents. In the end, Corky and Agent Russo get married and drive off in Corky\'s car, a bright yellow Mazda Miata. Corky also gains the respect and love of his entire family. The peculiar nickname "Corky" is alleged to be taken from real life New Jersey mobster Gaetano Vastola whose nickname among the mafia ranks as a street soldier was "Corky". Gaetano is also believed to have been the model for the fictional character in The Sopranos, Hesh Rabkin . [4]'] ["Charlie and his friend Ambrose meet in a restaurant and accidentally leave with each other's coats. Charlie was going to pick up a baby bottle and Ambrose was going to mail a love letter that was in his coat pocket. Charlie's wife finds the letter and thinks he has a secret lover and Ambrose's wife believes he has an illegitimate child. Controversy arises in the park between Charlie and his wife and Ambrose and his wife. It is resolved at the end, but Charlie sparks another fight between the other couple by showing his friend's wife the love letter that was in his pocket."] ['A blind man named Wally Karew  and a deaf man named Dave Lyons  meet when Wally applies for a job in Dave\'s New York City concession shop. After a brief period of confusion and antagonism, Wally and Dave become friends. Dave reads lips and guides Wally when they travel, and Wally tells Dave about invisible sounds and what people say behind his back. At a local bar, Wally defeats a belligerent man in a fistfight with assistance from Dave, who uses clock-face directions to tell Wally where his opponent is. Dave hires Wally. One morning, as Wally waits outside for the day\'s newspapers, a man walks into Dave\'s shop. When the man is approached by a beautiful woman named Eve , he surreptitiously removes a gold coin from a suitcase and places it in a box of coins sitting on the counter. The woman takes the suitcase and shoots the man in the stomach as Dave - whose back is turned - reads the information on a box of antacid pills. Dave neither sees nor hears the shooting, but he notices Eve\'s legs as she leaves the shop. Wally, who heard the gunshot, walks into the shop and falls over the man\'s dead body. Dave then rushes to help Wally and picks up the gun, which Eve left at the scene. When the police arrive, they find Dave and Wally huddled over the body with Dave holding the gun. Before they are arrested, Dave tells Wally to collect the coins from the box. At the police station, Dave and Wally are interrogated by Captain Braddock , an experienced but callous detective who immediately becomes hostile to them and makes them his prime suspects. When Eve and her accomplice Kirgo  - hoping to recover the coin - arrive to bail them out by posing as solicitors, Wally recognizes Eve\'s perfume and Dave recognizes her legs, but Braddock ignores them when they insist that she is the killer. Wishing to avoid Eve and Kirgo when they are released, Dave and Wally escape from the police station, but the criminals soon find them. Eve takes the coin from Wally\'s pocket and telephones her boss Mr. Sutherland  for instructions, allowing Dave to learn the criminals\' plans by reading her lips. When Kirgo tries to kill Dave and Wally, they use the fistfighting method they learned in the bar to knock him unconscious. They then steal an unattended police car and drive away with Eve, Kirgo, and Braddock chasing them. Working together to guide the patrol car, Dave and Wally evade both the police and the criminals, but they accidentally launch the car onto a waterborne garbage barge. After hiding the police car, the two men walk to a motel and telephone Wally\'s sister Adele  for help. The police follow Adele and search her motel room, but she, Wally, and Dave avoid detection, and they drive away after the police have left. Having incorrectly read Eve\'s lips, Dave believes they need to find a woman named "Grace George", but Adele realizes that Eve must have been referring to a resort called "Great Gorge". At the resort, Dave and Wally impersonate visiting professors and steal the coin from Eve while Adele distracts Kirgo by crashing her car into his. However, Kirgo and Eve kidnap Adele and take her to Sutherland\'s estate. After a discouraging mishap with the car, Dave and Wally put their rescue plan into action, with the result that Adele escapes but the two men are captured. In his study, Sutherland reveals that the coin is a room-temperature superconductor, which is extremely valuable. Kirgo and Sutherland are killed during an argument over sharing the profits from the coin\'s theft, after which Dave and Wally slide down a wire and have a brief altercation with Eve and her helicopter pilot. When the police arrive, the remaining criminals are arrested, and Wally and Dave are released having been cleared of the charges. Shortly thereafter, the two men go to a local park and reprise a scene from the beginning of the film by dumping ice-cream cones on each other\'s head.'] ['The story is set in the American Old West of the 1880s. Miss Flower Belle Lee  is a singer from Chicago who is on her way to visit relatives out west. While she is traveling on a stagecoach with three men and a woman named Mrs. Gideon , the town gossip and busybody, a masked bandit on horseback holds up the stage for its shipment of gold and orders the passengers to step out. The masked bandit immediately takes an interest in the saucy blonde. As he makes his getaway with the gold, he takes her with him. Upon reaching the town of Little Bend, the others report the robbery and kidnapping to the sheriff . Flower Belle then walks into town, unharmed, and explains, "I was in a tight spot but I managed to wriggle out of it." Later that evening, at the home of her Aunt Lou  and Uncle John , the masked bandit enters Flower Belle\'s second floor bedroom and they start kissing. However, his presence and departure is witnessed by Mrs. Gideon. She quickly reports what she has seen and Flower Belle angrily finds herself hauled up before the judge . Flower Belle is then run out of Little Bend. She boards a train to Greasewood City. It makes an unscheduled stop to pick up con-man Cuthbert J. Twillie . When hostile Indians attack, Flower Belle saunters to a window and mows them down with two pistols, while Twillie dodges flying arrows and fights off the Indians with a child\'s slingshot. Flower Belle has little use for Twillie until she sees a stash of money in his bag. Believing him to be rich, she then plays up to him and they get acquainted. They have an impromptu wedding, officiated over by a passenger, Amos Budge , a gambler who looks like a minister. As she has only pretended to marry Twillie for "respectability", Flower Belle gets a separate hotel room in Greasewood City. Meanwhile, Twillie is made sheriff by the saloon owner and town boss Jeff Badger , who has an ulterior motive. Flower Belle attracts the attention of Badger, newspaper editor Wayne Carter , and every other man in town. While keeping her troublesome "husband" out of reach and out of trouble, Flower Belle encounters the masked bandit again. One night, Twillie enters Flower Belle\'s room disguised as the masked bandit. He is accused of being the masked bandit, and is about to be hanged. With the noose around his neck, he makes his last request to the lynching party. "I\'d like to see Paris before I die. Philadelphia will do!" However, Flower Belle saves Twillie. At one point, she and Badger had kissed, and from that, she recognizes that he is the masked bandit. When Flower Belle and Twillie say good-bye, West and Fields spoof each other\'s signature line. "Come up and see me sometime", he says. "Mmm, I will, my little chickadee", she replies. As Flower Belle sashays up the stairs, "The End" is playfully overlaid on her posterior.'] ['Set in medieval England, the plot nominally concerns the struggle to restore the rightful heir, a baby, to the throne after the King and all his family have been disposed of. Kaye plays Hubert Hawkins, an ex-carnival entertainer who becomes minstrel to the Black Fox, a Robin Hood-type character , who actually makes only a few minor appearances in the film. The usurping King Roderick wishes his daughter, Princess Gwendolyn, to marry his neighbor, Sir Griswold of MacElwain, to enlist Griswold\'s aid against the band of rebels headed by the Black Fox. Princess Gwendolyn, however, refuses to marry Griswold, and declares that she will wed only for love, since her personal maid Griselda, who is also a witch, has predicted that a true lover will come to the castle to court her. The marriage plan also does not sit well with Lord Ravenhurst, one of Roderick\'s advisors, who fears that Grisworld\'s presence may lose him his privileged position with the king. Hawkins, whose usual task is to reveal the royal infant\'s distinct birthmark  to prospective rebel recruits, is charged with the task of carrying the child across the country to safety when Roderick\'s men threaten to discover the rebels. Disguised as an old man, he travels with Maid Jean , one of the Fox\'s lieutenants posing as his granddaughter, with whom he is in love and who has also fallen for him. They encounter the King\'s new Jester "Giacomo, \'King of Jesters and Jester of Kings\'"  on his way to the castle and knock him out, and Hawkins impersonates him, hoping to gain entry to the King\'s castle. The plan is to steal the key to a secret passage into the castle, through which the Black Fox could then attack. Hawkins is, however, unaware that the jester he is impersonating is also a famous assassin whom Lord Ravenhurst plans to employ against his rivals. Maid Jean, proceeding alone with the infant king, is captured by the King\'s men, who have been sent to round up pretty young girls to decorate the tournament. At the castle, she entrusts the infant into the care of an infiltrator working as an ostler before she is taken away. Matters become more complicated when Griselda hypnotizes Hawkins to avoid death by her princess\' hands for her as yet unfulfilled promises; in his befuddled state, Hawkins inadvertently introduces Jean to the king, who takes a fancy to her, and gets the key lost, Gwendolyn infatuated with him, and Ravenhurst entrusting him with taking out his rivals, only to have his memory erased by Griselda afterwards. She also kills Ravenhurst\'s competitors Brockhurst, Finsdale and Pertwee according to her own agenda. During the evening banquet, Sir Griswold arrives to solidify his alliance with the king. However, Gwendolyn openly declares her love for the jester, and the enraged King orders Hawkins\' death. Griswold, insulted, announces that, if "Giacomo" were a knight rather than a common clown, he would challenge him to mortal combat. Meanwhile, Ravenhurst and his fellows have learned that Hawkins is an impostor, but wrongfully assume that he is the Black Fox himself; they also find out that Maid Jean is one of the rebels and that the royal heir is in the castle. Still intent on preventing the alliance, Ravenhurst counsels the King that he can get rid of the jester by making him a knight, who would then have to fight Sir Griswold. Although the requirements for Knighthood are usually very rigorous, the King arranges for Hawkins to pass them rapidly. Jean uses her confidence with the king to steal back the key and send it to her band, although she also tries to save Hawkins by asking the Black Fox to substitute for him in the joust. But just before the rebels can use the passage, it collapses, leaving only a small crawlspace. The Black Fox decides to summon Hawkins\' friends, a troupe of acrobatic dwarves he had met earlier, from the carnival and sends them through the passage for a diversionary attack while the rest of the rebels assault the castle from the outside. Back in the castle, Hawkins becomes a knight, and Griswold immediately challenges him to a joust to the death. Griselda, under Gwendolyn\'s orders to protect Hawkins, tries poisoning one of the drinks to be used for the toast immediately before the joust, but through one of his men Griswold also learns of the poison, and after a quarrel between the two combatants about the unpoisoned drink the toast is cancelled. Against all odds, Hawkins wins the joust because his armor was incidentally magnetized by a lightning bolt, but he refuses to deliver the coup de grâce, sparing Griswold\'s life. As Griswold leaves with his soldiers, Ravenhurst denounces Hawkins and Maid Jean to the King. Before the King can pass judgement upon them, Hawkins\'s friends, who have secretly entered the court through the secret passage, rescue him and capture the castle from the King\'s soldiers. During this battle, Ravenhurst attacks Hawkins with a sword. Griselda hastily enchants Hawkins again, giving him expert prowess in fencing - some of the time. Ravenhurst is finally hurled out of the castle into the sea via catapult. Griswold returns to defend the King, but Hawkins reveals the infant king\'s birthmark to him and to his men. The former enemies all pledge allegiance to the true king, Griswold and Gwendolyn become enamored with each other, and Hawkins leads everyone in one last chorus of "Life could not better be".'] ['The protagonist, space archaeologist Simon Watterman, discovers a fossilized "Munchie" in a cave in Peru. Bringing the specimen back to the United States, Watterman\'s son and girlfriend accidentally reanimate it and name it Arnold. Cecil Watterman, Simon\'s evil twin brother and snack food entrepreneur, kidnaps Arnold while Cindy and Paul are making out. When Arnold is hurt by his kidnappers, it becomes aggressive and attacks Cecil\'s adopted son. Attempting to kill Arnold, they chop him into quarters, but instead of dying, Arnold multiplies into four new munchies. The quartet of creatures develop a love of women, beer, attacking people, and junk food in the process.'] ['Keaton goes from a golf game with his girlfriend to death-row in prison through a case of mistaken identity. In the film, Buster performs one of the most dangerous sight gags that he performed in vaudeville. In the words of Marie Dressler: Buster would "stand on a table in back of his father twirling a basketball tied to the end of a rope, while his father was trying to shave himself with a straight razor. And that ball kept getting closer and closer, all the sudden, BANG!" Buster Keaton: A Hard Act to Follow'] ['Twenty-three years after scoring the winning touchdown for his college football team (as told in [[The Freshman  mild-mannered Harold Diddlebock , who has been stuck in a dull, dead-end book-keeping job for years, is let go by his pompous boss, advertising tycoon J.E. Waggleberry , with nothing but a tiny pension. He bids farewell to the girl at the desk down the aisle, Miss Otis , whom he had hoped to marry &ndash; just as he had hoped to marry five of her older sisters before that &ndash; and wanders aimlessly through the streets, his life\'s savings in hand. He falls in with a racetrack tout named Wormy  and finds himself in a bar. When he tells the bartender  that he\'s never had a drink in his life, the barkeep creates a potent cocktail he calls "The Diddlebock", one sip of which is enough to release Harold from all his inhibitions, setting him off on a day-and-a-half binge of spending and carousing. When his widowed sister Flora  wakes him up, he finds that he has a hangover, but he also has a garish new wardrobe, a ten-gallon hat, a hansom cab complete with driver, and ownership of a bankrupt circus. Trying to sell the circus Harold and Wormy visit circus-loving Wall Street banker Lynn Sargent , and then, when he turns them down, the rest of the town\'s bankers. To get past the bank guards, Harold brings along Jackie the Lion, who incites panic, and Harold, Wormy and the lion end up on the ledge of a skyscraper, but avoid plunging to certain death. The three are arrested and thrown in jail, but Miss Otis bails them out, and they find that the publicity has attracted a mob of bankers who want to buy the circus &ndash; but Ringling Brothers outbids them. Harold celebrates with another "Diddlebock", and finds out when he wakes up that he got $175,000 for the circus, he\'s now an executive at Waggleberry\'s agency, and that he and Miss Otis got married during his first binge.<ref nameavg&sql5867&category=Full%20Synopsis Full synopsis]Li, Kathy Plot summary'] ["Like many British sex comedies of the 1970s the narrative involves a male protagonist who gets into compromising situations with a succession of women. The optimistic and inept Timothy Lea is freshly employed by his brother-in-law Sid as a window cleaner. With Sid an impending father to be, he looks to Timmy to fully 'satisfy' his customers, little realising that Timmy's accident prone ways often stretch to his sex life with his clients. Timmy bed hops from unsatisfied housewives to even a lesbian love tryst, all the while with his main eye on successful police woman, Elizabeth Radlett, who will have none of Timmy's sexual advances. He proposes as a result, much to his family's upset, unaware that Timmy's usual run of luck will affect the outcome!"] ['The "Little Tramp"  heads to a resort for warm weather and a bit of golf. At the golf course, the Tramp\'s theft of balls in play causes one golfer  to mistakenly attack another ([[John Rand . Meanwhile, a neglected wife  leaves her wealthy husband  until he gives up drinking. When the Tramp is later mistaken for a pickpocket, he crashes a masquerade ball to escape from a policeman. There, he is mistaken for the woman\'s husband. Eventually, it is all straightened out, and the Tramp is once more on his way.'] ['Mystery Inc. (Fred, Daphne, Velma, Shaggy and [[Scooby-Doo  are attending the grand opening of the Coolsonian Criminology Museum, the premiere exhibit displaying the monster costumes of criminals they dealt with in past cases. However, the celebrations are cut short when the reanimated Pterodactyl Ghost attacks, controlled by the Evil Masked Figure, who boldly declares that Mystery Inc. will be destroyed. He escapes with his quarry and two monster costumes. Heather Jasper-Howe, a journalist, starts a smear campaign against the gang to discredit them. Velma finds a pterodactyl scale and analyses it, confirming it to be real. The gang conclude one of their old enemies is the masked man wanting revenge. They at first suspect their old enemy Jonathon Jacobo who was the original creator of the pterodactyl ghost, and knew how to create monsters to life, but then news breaks out to the gang that Jacobo has drowned during an attempted escape from prison, so the gang guess Jeremiah Wickles, their first foe and the Black Knight Ghost\'s portrayer, and Jacobo\'s roommate in prison, is responsible. The gang travel to Wickles\' mansion where they find mysterious green footprints like the scale leading to the library. Fred, Daphne and Velma find an instruction manual on how to create monsters; whilst Shaggy and Scooby are chased by the reanimated Black Knight but not before finding a note reading "Faux Ghost tonite" which they take as a clue. Daphne fends the knight off until the gang can escape. Shaggy and Scooby sneak into the nightclub, the "Faux Ghost", where many of the convincted criminals they put away hang out, including Wickles who claims he has reformed from his criminal ways; but quickly they are recognized and thrown out. Velma learns the key ingredient to making monsters is a fictional substance called "randomonium". Patrick Wisely, the museum curator, who Velma has a crush on, comes to aid the gang but when they go to the museum, they find the rest of the costumes have been stolen. Shaggy and Scooby encounter the distressed Patrick, and then follow Wickles to the old mining town where the rest of the gang realise randomonium was mined. Wickles is proven to be innocent when the gang learns he plans to turn the mining town into an amusement park for children. Reuniting, the gang find the Monster Hive, finding a machine which brings the monster costumes to life. Shaggy and Scooby mess with the machine\'s control panel, causing several monsters to be reanimated. The gang flee with the control panel, as the Evil Masked Figure attacks Coolsville and Howe asks the gang to turn themselves in to save the citizens. The gang flee to their old high school clubhouse where they realise they will be able to reverse the Monster Hive\'s effects by altering the control panel\'s wiring. Outside, Shaggy and Scooby lament on their habit of being clumsy and desire to be heroes. Captain Cutler\'s Ghost rises out of the nearby bayou, forcing the gang to flee in the Mystery Machine back to the mining town. Fred and Daphne fight the Black Knight and electrical 10,000 Volt Ghost, defeating them with a pair of jumper cables. Velma ventures into the factory and finds a shrine to Jacobo, actually made by Patrick who was Jacobo\'s student at one time. However, he is captured and dragged away by the Pterodactyl Ghost. The gang confront the Evil Masked Figure who has all of them held captive by the Tar Monster, aside from Scooby, who grabs a nearby fire extinguisher to freeze the monster and makes his way to the machine and inserts the control panel, turning the monsters back to costumes. The Evil Masked Figure tries to escape but trips on a broken cat walk and is left dangling from it by his cape. The authorities, press and Coolsville citizens arrive, where the gang unmasked the Evil Masked Figure as Howe - only to then unmask her as noneother than Jacobo, alive and well. Jacobo survived his apparent "death" and was photographed outside the museum before it opened, found by Velma at the shrine. Jacobo and Howe\'s cameraman Ned are arrested, whilst Mystery, Inc. are welcomed back by Coolsville with open arms. The main cast dance with Ruben Studdard at the Faux Ghost in the ending scenes. In a post-credits scene, Scooby is shown in a creepy hall playing a "Scooby Doo" game on a Game Boy Advance. He then turns the game screen towards the camera, and says "Rook! Rodes!" , showing a cheat code for the game he was playing.'] ['Charlie Drake plays an honest locksmith whose problem is that he cannot resist the challenge of a lock. He gets smoothtalked into a safecracking scheme by a couple of ruthless gangsters. He is duped by a debonair con man into opening a car and safe, and lands in jail for a year. He is released, but gets trapped again. He finds himself as a pawn being manipulated by two gangs, and receives a three year jail sentence and an undeserved reputation as a master thief. With the help of undercover police woman, played by Nyree Dawn Porter, he helps trap the crooks and clear his name.'] ['The Stooges are trying to obtain their inheritance from their late uncle. Unfortunately, it has been swiped by con man Icabod Slipp ([[Kenneth MacDonald . The trio track Slipp down at the Circle Follies Theatre, and duke it out.'] ['Dr. Otto is a mysterious villain with a hand growing on top of his head. He is plotting world domination using his gloom beam, which can delete matter or memory and has the power to destroy the world. The bumbling hero Lance Sterling is the only one who can stop him, but his only clue is a riddle which reads: "When the money is scrambled to the very last cent, riots and hatred soon will commence. When all the world\'s commerce will be put in a bind, from the evil that lurks where the sun never shines. It is I, Dr. Otto von Schnick -ick-ick-ick, who has played on you this trick-ick-ick-ick." "But who\'s Dr. Otto?" you may well ponder, while all your magnetic cash is squandered. It\'s he who had an eye, and yet couldn\'t see. It\'s he who served bouillabaisse, when he was a she. It\'s he who gambled with brains, and a gun. It\'s he who had all, and yet had none. And to stop this horrible twisted trick, just exchange the poles of old Saint Nick. And if that doesn\'t do to save the day, put another quarter in and try another play." Soon Lance and his girlfriend Doris drive by Dr Otto\'s lair when they have car trouble, caused by Dr. Otto\'s gloom beam. They set off to find a phone to call for a mechanic. They eventually wander into a day care, run by Dr. Otto, which trains the kids to be soldiers. After a few adventures they finally find Otto\'s lair and have a fight with the doctor. The lair explodes and it all appears to be over, though Dr. Otto apparently escaped. Lance and his friends push the car to a gas station, where the owner turns out to be Ernest P. Worrell. Lance asks for gas, but Ernest replies they didn\'t have any. Lance and gang push the car off screen and Ernest lifts his hat to reveal a hand on top of his head and yells "Have a good day, knowwhatimean!"'] ['Orville  is the oldest orphan at the Hideaway Orphans Home. He accidentally winds up inside a truck heading to a top secret laboratory, where he is placed under the guidance of lab worker Lester  to help load supplies onto a rocketship. While onboard, Orville hits the ignition button and the rocket launches, and flies across the country to New Orleans, where Mardi Gras is in progress. They exit the ship and witness "hideous creatures", which are actually costumed celebrants, and conclude that they have landed on Mars. Meanwhile, two escaped convicts, Harry the Horse  and Mugsy , enter the rocket, put on the available spacesuits, and head to New Orleans to rob a bank. Lester and Orville, also clad in spacesuits, are wrongly accused of the crime and rush back to the rocketship, where Mugsy and Harry force them to launch. After landing on Venus, the four men leave the rocketship, and Orville is quickly captured by local guards and brought to Queen Allura , who informs him that Venus is only inhabited by women as men were banished a long time ago. She takes a shine to him and decides that he can stay if he promises to be true to her. He agrees, and has Harry and Mugsy imprisoned for their crimes. Mugsy then convinces one of the female guards to flirt with Orville to prove that he cannot be trusted. Orville "takes the bait", and the Queen orders all of the men to leave her planet. Upon returning to Earth, they are lauded as heroes, and Allura, who is watching the celebration from Venus, sends a spaceship to drop a cake on Orville\'s head.'] ["Shemp plays a voice instructor and the object of affection to tone-deaf vocal student Miss Dinkelmeyer , with Larry is his musical accompanist. After an excruciating session, Moe enters his classroom to tell Shemp that his uncle had died and left him an inheritance of five hundred thousand dollars. Shemp cannot collect the money unless he is married  within 48 hours after the reading of the will. Shemp uses his filled-up black address book to propose to any and all women he has, with unsuccessful results. With only six hours to get married, Moe and Larry lead Shemp through a series of disastrous situations including the destruction of a phone booth and Shemp being beaten silly by a woman named Miss Hopkins  who had just moved into the building. Upon recovering from his bruising, Shemp unintentionally proposes to his unattractive and tone-deaf student Miss Dinkelmeyer. She happily accepts and the two of them, with Moe and Larry in tow, head over to the Justice of Peace  to get married. Shemp pulls out the wedding ring but accidentally loses it in the piano. Moe forces him to look, and in doing so, Shemp wrecks the piano completely. Eventually he finds the ring, and he is hustled to get married right away. However, the Stooges' building landlord calls Moe to tell him that news of Shemp's inheritance was printed in the paper and all the women he called and proposed to found out about it and were looking for him. They all arrive at the Justice of Peace's office all looking to marry Shemp to get his money, whereupon chaos ensues. The women start fighting, taking out their aggressions not only upon themselves but upon the Stooges as well. Nonetheless Shemp, in a dazed state, ends up marrying his student, just in time to collect the money. Shemp comes to, is told what happened, and is frightened beyond reproach."] ["The Stooges, employed as traveling salesmen, join the Woman Haters Club. They swear never to get romantically involved with a woman. That does not last very long. Jim finds an attractive woman, Mary , falls in love, and has proposed marriage. Misogynists Tom and Jack talk him out of it. However during the party, Mary's intimidating father threatens Jim to marry his attractive daughter by telling him a story about his other, unattractive daughter having a fiance who tried to abandon her on their wedding day. He and his brothers had roughed him up for it but also forced him to go through with the ceremony. Jim is convinced to go through the ceremony much to the man's dismay. Later, on a train ride, the confrontation escalates between the Stooges and Mary. Mary uses her feminine charm to woo both Jack and Tom in an attempt to make Jim jealous. She sings a theme  with each of the stooges in turn, as she flirts with them. Each is attracted to her charms as she proves the oath they swore as Women Haters was fraudulent. Finally, Mary tells Tom and Jack the truth, that she and Jim are married, and pushes her way into bed with the trio, knocking them out the train window in the process. The film closes as the Stooges, now old men, finally reunite  sharing their hatred of women and old age. What happened to Mary is not revealed."] ['Salud  and Plata  eke out a living as bush pilots in South America. They fake plane crashes in order to collect the insurance money, but one time the plane crashes for real in the middle of the jungle. There they find a diamond mining community operated by Mr. Ears . Plata and Salud decide to make a living by competing against Mr. Ears, making delivery services by airplane. Salud meets with an old man  in the village, where he takes him to see a mountain and tells him the story of three friends who killed themselves, and why. The story involves the mystery behind the old man\'s story, and various slapstick fights with Mr. Ears, who dislikes the competition. The film though in true vein of most of the famous duo\'s movies has some quite memorable moments for being poignant as seen in the scenes where each Plata and Salud had thought the other was dead and also When Cyril had died. Another quite liberated and moving scene wherein Plata asks the local Lady cook to dance with him to demonstrate to Salud where they were, a beautiful song and dance ensued followed by Plata saying to Salud "now do you know where we are?" Some very typically Italian directed movie moments we saw too little from of these two great actors.'] ["The Stooges return home to their shack in the city dump to find it inhabited by a young woman and her crippled younger brother, Jimmy. Taking pity on the boy, the trio decide to help raise the $500 needed for a leg operation for the boy. They immediately find a can full of money , which turns out to be the $62 the boy and his sister have already saved for the operation. Two confidence men  cheat the Stooges out of the $62 and their car for a map they claim will lead to a treasure. Following the map, the Stooges drill into the United States Treasury, where they are arrested. The Stooges end up meeting President Franklin D. Roosevelt, who has learned of Jimmy's plight. The President then pardons the Stooges and pays for Jimmy's operation."] ['{{Expand section}} Love, Speed and Thrills is about a loving husband and a wife-stealing wolf, both after the same woman.'] ['The F+B Ambulance Company is locked in an intense battle with the Unity Ambulance Company to win a city contract for providing ambulance service to a territory within Los Angeles. Their star driver is "Mother" Tucker, a talented antihero who drinks alcohol on duty, harasses nuns, and behaves brazenly towards practically everybody he meets, including his partner Leroy. Indeed, the entire company is a band of misfits, including the hyper-sexual John Murdoch, his partner Walker, putative medical student Bliss, and brash Texan "Rodeo" Moxey. Handling calls at the switchboard is Jennifer, whom the drivers nickname "Jugs" for her ample bosom. Harry "Doughnut" Fishbine runs the company, using occasionally underhanded means  to maintain an income stream. When Walker is injured after falling through a staircase on a call, Harry Fishbine hires Tony Malatesta, a disgraced sheriff\'s detective and former Vietnam War ambulance driver. Upon learning that Tony has been suspended from the police force due to allegations that he sold cocaine to children, Mother nicknames him "Speed". Speed is initially paired with Murdoch, though their partnership is strained when Speed must stop Murdoch from raping an unconscious female college student who has overdosed on Seconal. On a false emergency call, Leroy is shot and killed by a junkie demanding drugs. When Mother pulls a gun on the junkie, the junkie commits suicide. Later that night, a drunken Mother assaults Murdoch for stating that Leroy\'s death "doesn\'t count"; though Murdoch states this in regard to the drivers\' "dead body" pool, Mother perceives it as an attack on the character of his dead partner. Harry then partners Speed with Mother to alleviate his driver shortage. Meanwhile, Jugs has obtained her Emergency Medical Technician  and ambulance driver certifications, and forces her way onto F+B\'s active roster with threats of sexual discrimination lawsuits. When Speed fakes an injury to prevent Jugs\' arrest for misuse of an ambulance, the two fall in love. Though Jugs proves a capable EMT, she loses her nerve after a pregnant woman under her care suffers a severe obstetrical hemorrhage and bleeds to death in Mother\'s ambulance. Jugs secludes herself afterward until Mother counsels her and gives her the courage to return to work. At a City Hall meeting, City Councilman Warren informs the owners of both Unity and F+B that they will not be awarded the contract - it will instead be awarded to a larger, established company. To save their businesses, Unity\'s owner, Charles Taylor, proposes that their two companies merge. Though the councilman is agreeable to the merger, Fishbine is not. The discussion is interrupted by an emergency call: Murdoch, intoxicated and armed with a handgun, has broken into F+B\'s bus garage office with Walker and is holding Mrs. Fishbine hostage. All of Unity\'s and F+B\'s ambulances descend on the F+B garage; upon arrival, Murdoch opens fire and hits Speed in the shoulder. When Mother charges onto the garage grounds to rescue his ambulance, he comes face to face with Murdoch; Murdoch tries to shoot Mother, but his gun is empty. A deputy sheriff then shoots and kills Murdoch. In the aftermath of this incident, F+B does merge with Unity, forming the Fishbine + Unity  Ambulance Company, based out of the old F+B garage.  Speed, who has been cleared of all charges, is reinstated to the police force, though he remains romantically involved with Jugs. Jugs is initially relegated to switchboard duty again, until Mother insists that she become his new partner. The two drive off together, with Mother harassing the nuns one more time as the movie ends.'] ["Two convicts dig a tunnel to escape from prison, but end up in the warden's office, after making a detour around a burst water pipe. They then disguise themselves as painters and walk out through the front gates. They later climb into a limousine carrying two visiting French police chiefs, steal their suits and throw the two men out of the car. The two convicts, now disguised as dignitaries, are then driven back to the prison to have dinner with the warden. Later, while visiting the cells, they are recognised and marched back to their own cell."] ['Timothy Bartlett  leaves his wife and kids to go on a business trip and has an affair with a young woman played by Sally Geeson.'] ['TV writer Greg Whitcomb did his military service heroically but now has settled into everyday life with a young wife, Katy. A letter from the war department arrives that Katy believes is calling Greg back to active duty from the Air Force reserve, but she hides it during a party celebrating their wedding anniversary. A captain attending the party, Barney Sloan, casually calls Greg an "old-timer," offending him. Greg gets drunk and passes out. His pride stung, Greg is willing to return to duty once he learns of the letter, so Katy, a former Air Force officer herself, decides to re-enlist so they can stay together. Trouble is, Greg flunks his physical exam due to a bad knee. Katy is shipped to a base in Hawaii without him. Female neighbors keep suggesting Katy will be lonely and surrounded by handsome servicemen, so Greg flies to Honolulu to join her. He ends up spending hours with the wives, a situation their husbands don\'t appreciate. Greg decides to sabotage Katy\'s career so she can get a discharge. His stunt backfires, but because Greg\'s knee has healed, he is now called back to duty. Which would be fine, except Katy now needs to be honorably discharged and sent home because she is pregnant.'] ['After Eric Simpson  nearly gives the Queen a parking ticket, he and Ernest Clark  decide to take a holiday in the South of France. However, when they arrive there, they become unwittingly involved in a jewel theft when the thief Le Pirate decides to use them to smuggle some precious jewels out of the country. He sends the two Englishmen to a sinister villa and sends the beautiful Claudette, a member of his criminal gang, to keep Eric and Ernie occupied while he carries out the various stages of his plan. Confusion ensues however, as the two battle over the love of Claudette, and Eric accidentally wins a large sum of money at a casino. Eventually Eric and Ernie start to get suspicious and start to investigate...'] ['The police must investigate a series of robberies along a strip of land in the city. The Mayor  assigns Captain Harris  and Lt. Proctor  to the case, but while on stakeout the Wilson gang manages to slip through their fingers. The Mayor wants Harris and Proctor to work with Commandant Lassard  on apprehending the gang. Lassard assembles a seven-man team consisting of Hightower , Tackleberry , Jones , Hooks , Callahan , Fackler , and Lassard\'s nephew, Nick . After distributing flyers as to the information of the Wilson gang and getting nowhere, Nick stumbles upon a paper reporting an antique diamond heading to a museum, and gets an idea to use it as bait: however the robbers nab the diamond anyway by cutting a hole in the truck and escaping through the sewer system. Nick then decides to go undercover to get information regarding a possible hideout, but Harris decides to go undercover to get a confession. Despite his fear of heights, Harris goes undercover as a window washer at a tall building and gets a confession of himself on tape after Proctor accidentally knocks him over the balcony. The robberies are committed by a group of three dimwitted criminals who do not seem to be able to do this on their own, and it is revealed they are being guided by a literally shadow figure known as the "Mastermind", who speaks to the three behind a wall of glass and uses a voice distortion device. He devises a plan to get the cops out of the way. Commandant Lassard and his men are later suspended after jewelry from the gang\'s last robbery is found in Lassard\'s office, pending an investigation. The gang decides to clear his name by nabbing the gang and the ringleader. Accessing data files from a computer, Nick deduces that the robberies are occurring along a bus route, thus intentionally lower property values in that part of the city. They also learn that someone must be \'leaking\' information to the bad guys, which is why they are always one step ahead of the Police Academy. The Police Academy force finds and does battle with the Wilson gang, while Nick chases the leader. A pursuit follows, which leads to Commissioner Hearst\'s  office. It is revealed that the Mayor is the "Mastermind" and that Captain Harris has been unwittingly leaking information during his daily meetings with the Mayor. Hearst apologizes and reinstates the force, and a plaque is given to honor the officers\' bravery the next day. As the movie closes, Harris is sitting in a chair when a string tying the balloon float is cut, lifting his chair and floating him up into the air as he shouts Proctor\'s name.'] ['Sonny Koufax  is a carefree, unmotivated 32-year-old bachelor who lives in New York City and has declined to take on adult responsibility. He has earned a degree in law, but has chosen not to even try to attempt to take the bar exam, since he was awarded $200,000 in a vehicle accident years prior and lives off his restitution. He is employed, on a part-time basis only, as a toll booth attendant and he more or less just does this job just to get out of the apartment once in a while. The film shows Sonny\'s friends, all former schoolmates, are "moving ahead" in their lives. His roommate, Kevin Gerrity , decides to ask his podiatrist girlfriend Corinne  to marry him, which is another thing that irritates Sonny, since he and Corinne dislike each other. Kevin decides to pop the question the day before he is leaving for China for his law firm. Two of his male friends, Phil  and Tommy , from school, in contrast to their conduct in Sonny\'s experience while at school, are now revealed to be homosexual and in a committed domestic partnership, which weirded Mike , another friend of Sonny. Sonny\'s girlfriend, Vanessa , disgusted and perplexed at Sonny\'s contrasting and inconsistent conduct decides to end her romantic relationship with him—and also find a new much older man, Sid  with more reliability. Sonny quickly becomes occupied with a new series of events in his life. He wakes up to Kevin already at the airport leaving for China. Kevin has revealed to having fathered an illegitimate son, whose name is Julian McGrath . Julian is abandoned at Sonny and Kevin\'s apartment, with a written explanation that Julian\'s mother is now declining to care further for Julian. It is later revealed at the Social Services office that the boy\'s mother died of cancer. Kevin, at the airport ready to go to China, gets a call from Sonny informing him of the letter and the boy. Sonny decides to handle the situation himself, and, in the process, decides Julian will solve his problem with his ex-girlfriend. His plan backfires and ends up at child services trying to give Julian back. Rather than give Julian to a group home he decides to hang out with Julian until a new family is ready for him. Sonny, in caring for Julian, soon discovers a new purpose in his life and a deep connection with Julian as a father figure. But Social Services rep Arthur Brooks  discovers that Sonny is posing as Kevin, and insists that he give up Julian. Brooks takes Julian and decides to press charges against Sonny. The case is brought to court, where Sonny has his friends as counsel, including Layla , Corinne\'s sister and Sonny\'s new girlfriend; and late-arrivee Kevin. Despite positive testimony from his friends , a homeless man  and changing the opinion of his own father Lenny, also a prominent attorney, the judge is ready to sentence him to jail for kidnapping Julian and defrauding the state. At this point, Kevin steps forward as Julian\'s father and insists that no charges be filed, having remembered a drunken fling with a Hooters girl in Toronto during the 1993 World Series, and connecting that with Julian\'s earlier testimony of originally coming from Toronto and being born in July. The judge grants custody to Kevin to the dismay of Julian, who wants Sonny as his father. Sonny tells Julian that can never happen because his real father is present, but they can be friends. One year, three months, and six days later, Sonny, now a lawyer and married to Layla with a child of their own, is surprised with a birthday party at Hooters attended by all his colleagues and friends, including Julian, but is more surprised to find Vanessa working as a Hooters girl, and her boyfriend Sid with his so-called five-year plan working the grill.'] ['Ernest  takes a job with a cleaning service, and he soon seeks to join his co-workers\' basketball team, "Clean Sweep", as they compete in the city league tournament. He is reluctantly accepted by the team, but given only a minor role as their cheerleader and mascot. In his despair, he is visited by an angel, played by basketball legend Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, and given a pair of magic shoes, but is warned, "Don\'t misuse the shoes." When an injury to a key player leaves the team desperate for a replacement, Ernest is given an opportunity to play. In the process, he discovers that the supernatural shoes have imbued him with super speed and the ability to fly. Armed with these extraordinary abilities, he leads the team to a series of victories leading ultimately to a showdown with the NBA\'s Charlotte Hornets. As the city league tournament champions, Clean Sweep earns the right to play an exhibition contest against the Hornets, but suffers turmoil as Ernest\'s teammates soon grow weary of his ball-hogging antics. While Ernest is in the zone and the team does nothing but sit around, Ernest decides to let the team do the work and get rid of the shoes, but Ernest is needed again and scores  the game-winning point and the members of the team get drafted into the NBA.'] ["Officer Frank Dooley  of the LAPD is framed for the theft of a television set by two corrupt detectives. He is dismissed from the force, but escapes criminal punishment at his day in court. The next case features hapless defense attorney Norman Kane  attempting to defend a white supremacist leader, who threatens him with death should Kane fail to keep him out of prison. A fearful Kane reveals his ineptitude to the judge , who agrees to give the criminal an especially long sentence in exchange for Kane immediately leaving law behind. Dooley and Kane both apply for work at Guard Dog Security, a low-rent firm run by the gruff Clarence O'Connell ([[Kenneth McMillan  and part of a security guard's union requiring heavy contributions that is represented by Klepper  and Lazarus . Becoming licensed security guards after a single afternoon of training, the pair are made partners by supervisor Maggie  and assigned to night duty at a pharmaceutical company's warehouse. After being loudly ordered to take a lunch break by senior guard Bruno , they happen upon an armed robbery of the warehouse and prove no match for the thieves. The next day, the pair are berated and fined $100 each by O'Connell, leaving them suspicious of the company. They attend a meeting of the union, where Kane pointedly questions union president Michael Carlino  about how the union dues are spent following Carlino's rejection of his grievance against Guard Dog. Over the next few days, Dooley and Kane find themselves assigned to work at a landfill and a toxic waste dump. Convinced something illegal is afoot, the pair track down Bruno at his gym and interrogate him. Bruno states that it was O'Connell who had him order them to lunch the night of the robbery. They bring their suspicions to Maggie, O'Connell's daughter, but she rejects them as having no evidence to back them up. The pair next attend a party thrown by Carlino in hopes of gathering some evidence. Eavesdropping on a meeting between Carlino and union treasurer Lou Brackman , they learn of Carlino's use of the pension fund to finance dealings with a Colombian drug cartel and his plans to have the money robbed from an armored car and then have insurance cover the loss. Dooley and Kane prove too late to save Brackman from being murdered by Klepper and Lazarus to keep him from talking and find themselves framed for his death. After a night spent evading pursuers, the pair make plans with a now receptive Maggie to prevent the armored car robbery. Kane and Maggie take over driving the truck, while Dooley will meet them ahead of the would-be robbers. Dooley has problems with his motorcycle and is forced to hitch a ride with The Cowboy , a wild trucker who eagerly disobeys traffic laws. Meanwhile, Kane and Maggie must avoid assaults from multiple cars attempting to hold them up. With The Cowboy's help, Dooley is able to arrive in time to save the armored car from a guided missile strike and foil a final attack from Klepper and Lazarus. O'Connell, no longer willing to abide the scheme, arrives having captured Carlino and several of his associates. The criminals are arrested and Dooley is invited back to the police force, along with a reluctant Kane."] ['At a psychiatric hospital, former Chief Inspector Charles Dreyfus  is largely recovered from the murderous insanity that saw him repeatedly attempt to kill the thorn in his side, Inspector Jacques Clouseau. He is about to be released but Clouseau , who is now Chief Inspector and has arrived to speak on Dreyfus\'s behalf, comes to visit, and his clumsiness and proneness to accidents drive Dreyfus insane again. Soon thereafter, Dreyfus escapes from the asylum, intent on killing Clouseau. His first attempt involves planting a bomb whilst Clouseau destructively duels with his manservant Cato , who is under orders, from Clouseau, to keep Clouseau alert by randomly attacking him. The bomb merely destroys Clouseau\'s apartment whilst Clouseau himself is unharmed, largely because Clouseau has been distracted by an inflatable costume and a telephone call by Dreyfus which was meant to keep him in place for the bombing. Cato, however, ends up in the hospital. Dreyfus sets his sights higher. Using his knowledge of the underworld, he enlists the help of an army of vicious criminals, kidnaps nuclear physicist Professor Hugo Fassbender  and the Professor\'s daughter Margo , forcing the professor to build a "doomsday weapon" in return for his daughter\'s freedom. As Hugo Fassbender cannot bear to hear his daughter undergoing Dreyfus\'s torture , he agrees. Clouseau travels to England to investigate Fassbender\'s disappearance, with typically chaotic results, as Scotland Yard Section Director Alec Drummond  and Superintendent Quinlan  painfully learn. However, Clouseau manages to set his sights on Jarvis, the cross-dressing butler of the Fassbenders, and while Jarvis is killed by the kidnappers, to whom he had become a dangerous witness, Clouseau follows a clue found on the crime scene to the Oktoberfest in Germany. Meanwhile Dreyfus broadcasts himself to the world to announce his ultimatum. Disintegrating the United Nations headquarters in New York City before the disbelieving eyes of the world, he blackmails the leaders of the world, including the President of the United States , into assassinating Clouseau. Forced to take Dreyfus\'s threat seriously, several nations send assassins to kill Clouseau at the Oktoberfest. Many of the nations, however, instruct their assassins to kill other assassins if necessary in order to ensure that their own country can kill Clouseau and thus win Dreyfus\'s favor and possibly get hold of the Doomsday Machine themselves. This, combined with Clouseau\'s typical bumbling fashion, enables Clouseau to evade each assassination attempt just as it is about to happen, so that the assassins all kill each other instead. In the end, only the operatives of Egypt and Russia remain alive. The Egyptian assassin , sneaking into Clouseau\'s hotel room, shoots a man he believes to be Clouseau . The Russian operative, Olga Bariosova , who has sneaked into Clouseau\'s room, seduces the Egyptian, similarly mistaking him for Clouseau. His passionate sexuality convinces her not to assassinate him; when the real Clouseau makes an appearance, he is surprised to discover a beautiful woman in his bed who confuses him further by declaring her undying passion for him, and by finding a dead man in his bath. A tattoo on the dead man, combined with Olga\'s dismissively revealed knowledge, reveals to Clouseau Dreyfus\'s location at a castle in Bavaria. He leaves immediately leaving a confused and frustrated Olga behind him. Dreyfus is elated at Clouseau\'s apparent demise, but his joy is soured by a bad case of toothache. Clouseau, who has arrived in the village near Dreyfus\'s castle but has been denied entry into the castle by a mischievous drawbridge, eventually infiltrates Dreyfus\'s castle hideout disguised as a dentist, intoxicates Dreyfus  with nitrous oxide, and pulls one of Dreyfus\'s healthy teeth. Realising the deception, Dreyfus orders Clouseau killed, but Clouseau escapes. Enraged, Dreyfus means to seek vengeance on the world by destroying England; as he prepares for this, Clouseau, who has been thrown into the castle\'s barnyard, is literally catapulted onto Dreyfus\'s doomsday machine. Clouseau\'s weight redirects the disintegrator so that the beam hits Dreyfus  and the castle. As Dreyfus\'s henchmen, Fassbender, and his daughter, and eventually Clouseau himself escape the dissolving castle, Dreyfus plays "Tiptoe Through the Tulips" on the castle\'s pipe organ, while gradually disintegrating. The castle then disappears entirely, taking Dreyfus with it. Returning to Paris, Clouseau is reunited with Olga, who has dismissed Cato for the evening and intends on completing her seduction of Clouseau. This is interrupted first by Clouseau\'s apparent inability to remove his clothes without a struggle, and then by Cato, who chooses this time to once more follow his orders and attack Clouseau and Olga. The consequent struggle ends when all three are hurled by a reclining bed into the Seine. Immediately thereafter, a cartoon image of Clouseau emerges from the water, which has been tinted pink, and begins swimming, unaware that a gigantic version of the Pink Panther character is waiting below him with a sharp-toothed, open mouth (a reference to the film [[Jaws . The film ends when the animated Clouseau gets chased by the shark in the water  as the credits roll.'] ['As school ends for the summer, Gerry  is sent by his parents to Camp Hope, a weight loss camp for boys. Despite worrying at first, Gerry makes friends easily at the Chipmunk Cabin  Gerald learns that Camp Hope is actually a lot of fun and will not be nearly as bad as he thinks; as one veteran of the camp put it, Gerald is "not the fat kid, everyone\'s the fat kid." He also discovers that the other campers have smuggled in enough junk food to easily stave off the hunger pangs and probably counteract any weight loss that the camp programs cause. But all is not well at Camp Hope. The first night of the summer brings the revelation that the original owners of Camp Hope, Harvey  and Alice Bushkin , have entered bankruptcy and the camp has been bought by fitness entrepreneur Tony Perkis , who announces his plan to make the camp\'s new exercise regimen into the top weight loss infomercial in the country. Tony tries to make himself seem like someone the campers can relate to, saying that he was a fat kid when he was younger too, but his methods of motivating the campers border on psychotic. Tony cleanses the cabins of the campers\' food caches, cuts off their contact with the outside world, and installs an exercise outline of trendy fitness techniques that downplay fun to the point of humiliation. During this event, Josh  taunts Tony in the protection of Gerry. Josh ends up getting kicked out of the camp without a refund. Many campers question what Josh\'s fate was after this event. However, because Josh did not receive a refund, Josh\'s father, who is a lawyer, threatened to have Tony sued. As a result, Tony had no choice but to allow Josh to return to the camp. One day, when Tony goes out for a run, Gerry, Josh and a few other campers sneak into Tony\'s office to search for food. They find that Tony was holding onto all of the letters the campers sent to their parents that complained of their hardships. As they leave the office, Gerry and his friends come across a fellow camper eating a hamburger. The camper tells them of a secret food stash in the forest. The campers eventually gain more weight, despite Tony\'s fitness regimen. After Tony measures some of the campers\' weight losses, he notices they actually gained more weight. As punishment, Tony forces them on a 20-mile hike, reasoning that this will not only help the boys work off some of their extra weight, but will also restore discipline. On the hike, the campers trick Tony into falling into a deep pit, severely injuring him. The boys bring Tony back to camp and imprison him in a makeshift cell of chicken wire electrified with a bug zapper. In the celebration of Tony\'s downfall, there is a lot of binge eating. The boys, and even some camp counselors who are also happy about Tony\'s downfall, order in pizzas and submarine sandwiches, gorge themselves on chocolate and drench themselves in soda. The next morning, Pat Finley , a counselor who had come to Camp Hope every summer since he was 10, tells the kids to finally start taking responsibility and start actually losing weight. The boys begin following a more healthy regime and start to make Camp Hope a fun place again. On parents\' visiting day, the parents are shown a video of Tony\'s cruelty. While they are watching, Tony escapes his prison and ends up exchanging quips with Gerry\'s father. In an attempt to make an impressive exit, Tony attempts a series of backflips, stumbles, and incapacitates himself. The parents tell Tony his days of terrorizing their kids are over. Tony\'s own father shows up to take the keys and deed for the camp away from his son to ensure this does not happen again. He states that the camp will be closed, and all of the money paid for admission refunded. But the campers do not want to leave Camp Hope. Despite Perkis, the camp, and the friends they have made are still a lot of fun. Since there is no adult in charge of the camp now, Pat is voted to be the head counselor. Pat starts really putting the campers to work to win an annual competition against some rather athletic, and perhaps somewhat over-competitive campers who are trained to go at this competition with everything they have, which up until Pat took over made the competition rather one-sided. Pat, however, has been training them not to lose hope, and just to have fun, which they do. It turns out that they have just enough ability to win: to the distress of the counselors at the overly-competitive camp, who have already decided that the trophy belongs to them. With this already being planned by the Chipmunks, Pat gives the trophy to one of the kids, who then throws it into the lake. Which the over-competitive campers believe that Pat is crazy for being more concerned about having fun then winning a trophy. The movie ends with everyone laughing, and carrying on; Gerry then says to Pat, "Thanks for the best damn summer of my life!" which Pat had mentioned to Gerry in the beginning of the movie. After the credits, Tony is shown being a door to door salesman selling healing crystals.'] ["Lou Henry  is the owner of Kiddyland, an amusement park, and Bud Flick  is his friend and partner. Together they share a home with two orphan children, Duffer  and Shelly . Welfare worker Miss Mayberry  does not think that their home is a suitable environment for the children and attempts to remove them. One of the reasons is that Bud is a gambler and owes $10,000 to Big Frank  who offers to forget the debt if Bud agrees to help launder $200,000 that Big Frank took from a Chicago bank. Bud agrees to meet Big Frank's man, Mushie ([[Richard Reeves , at Kiddyland to pick up the money and a plane ticket. Lou, however, informs District Attorney Proctor  of the plan and he shows up at Kiddyland during Bud and Mushie's meeting. Mushie sees the DA and hides the money just before he murders Proctor and frames Lou for it. Miss Mayberry uses Lou's arrest to take the children from his home. Bud informs Mushie that he knows that he really killed Proctor, and Mushie threatens to kill him. However Big Frank and Dutch  kill Mushie. They kidnap Bud and demand that he tell them where the money is hidden. Meanwhile Lou is released by the police, with the intent that he will lead them to Bud. Dutch then kidnaps Lou and takes him to their hideout, where Bud is also being held. Bud lies and tells Big Frank that he knows where the money is and they all head to Kiddyland, with the police following them every step of the way. Bud then tricks Big Frank into confessing to everything while they are inside the park's recording booth, then Lou grabs the recording and escapes into the park. Shelly and Duffer have also escaped from Miss Mayberry and are now inside the park playing when they see Lou being chased. They return to the orphanage to get help from the other children, and they all head back to Kiddyland. The children then wreak havoc in the park, foiling the gangsters at every turn. The police capture them, and the reward money that Bud and Lou receive is donated to the orphanage. Miss Mayberry, seeing what a good role model Lou really is, returns custody of the orphans to him.<ref name | titleJim Mulholland | publisher216–219 | year}}"] ['Bennington \'Baby Bink\' Cotwell Jr. , a mischievous baby who lives in a huge mansion in a suburb of Chicago with his parents Laraine  and Bennington Sr. , is just about to appear in the social pages of the newspaper. Three klutzy would-be kidnappers: Edgar "Eddie" Mauser , Norbert "Norby" LeBlaw , and Victor "Veeko" Riley  disguise themselves as the photographers from the paper and kidnap him. After the kidnapping they have difficulty controlling him. While trying to get him to fall asleep Norby does so reading Bink\'s book titled "Baby\'s Day Out", leaving him unattended. Looking through it he notices a bird on the page and then one by the open window. He follows it out and successfully gets away from his kidnappers, with Eddie falling off the building and into a garbage bin while chasing after him through the rooftop. The FBI arrives at the mansion, headed by Dale Grissom , where they try to piece together clues along with Bink\'s parents and his loving nanny Gilbertine . Meanwhile, he, now outside on the ground and crawling about, finds another part of his book: The blue bus, which he then boards. The kidnappers realize he is missing and start chasing the bus in their van but their efforts are in vain. Meanwhile on the bus Bink crawls into the bag of an obese lady who gets off at her stop shortly afterwards. By the time the trio catches it, and realize Bink is not on board, they then realize that he crawled into the lady\'s bag and follow her. An altercation ensues after they insult her, and while they attempt their escape, Bink crawls up to a revolving door at the entrance to a department store  and is forced inwards by its momentum. Crawling through the department store, Bink is stopped by a worker who works for Mother Goose Corner, a nearby day care center, who believes he escaped from there. While unattended there, he crawls into the bottom of a stroller and is wheeled out by an unsuspecting mother, leaving the store, crawls out from the stroller and eventually ends up in traffic. The kidnappers attempt to follow him but keep getting injured in the process as he makes his way to the city zoo. They find him in the primate house with a gorilla and lose hope of gaining their ransom money. The gorilla shows a maternal side and does not injure him. The kidnappers try to retrieve Baby Bink but it notices them and bashes Veeko\'s hand, throws Norby into the air using a mopstick as a catapult, and hurls Eddie against the bars of the cage opposite its own. The kidnappers eventually corner and catch Bink in the zoo\'s park, but are confronted by two friendly police officers, who have noticed that their van\'s engine is still running. During the conversation, Eddie hides Bink under his coat in his lap, but he reaches Eddie\'s cigarette lighter, sets his crotch on fire, and sneaks off as soon as the officers are gone. Veeko extinguishes the fire by repeatedly stomping on Eddie\'s groin, seriously hurting him. They follow Bink to a construction yard, but are still unable to catch him, with Norby falling into a vat of wet cement, Veeko getting thrown off the building and into the back of a garbage truck, and Eddie getting stranded on a crane after being drenched in glue. The sun sets as Bink leaves the construction yard. The kidnappers manage to escape , but decide to give up and go home. Bink\'s parents are notified of various sightings of him in the city and Gilbertine deduces that he has been following the happenings of his favorite book,  and will most likely head for the Old Soldiers\' Home next. Sure enough, they find him there, but on the way home, he begins to call out "Boo-Boo" toward the kidnappers\' flat. The FBI moves in on there and arrests Eddie, Veeko, and Norby demanding that they return his book first. Back home, Bink is put to bed by his family. As his parents discuss having his picture taken by a normal photographer in the morning, he wakes up and gets ready to read another book, this one entitled Baby\'s Trip to China..'] ['Scout Bozell has always dreamed of becoming a member of the safety patrol at his school, Rockridge Middle School. However, his clumsy, bumbling, hazardous nature prevents him from doing so. In one such instance shown at the film\'s beginning, while he picks up a banana peel on the ground and describing how hazardous is it, a kid trips over his backpack, causing his marbles to roll out and the kids to slip on them, one girl sending her lunchbox flying and it hits the principal on the head. As Scout swings his backpack to put the banana peel in the garbage, he knocks a kid off his bike, setting off a chain reaction that ends with a plastic squirrel the bike crashed into hitting a truck full of giant frozen tuna, which slide on the road and eat the last member of the safety patrol, "Joe Lobes" Lobenick, leaving him severely traumatized, and deleting the list of safety patrol until he recovers. The teachers try to convince Principal Tromp to put Scout on safety patrol, as he is the only one left on the list. Tromp agrees, but gets the school boundaries changed, transferring Scout to Laurelview Middle School. Laurelview is currently experiencing petty theft, on a grand scale. The perpetrators are two members of the staff: Mrs. Day, the lunchlady, and the janitor, Mr. Miller. They are actually Georgina and Tim Bartlett, mother-and-son thiefs. Working with them are the school\'s safety patrol , led by the principal\'s son, Kent Marlowe. During the safety patrol\'s introduction, Scout cheers "Go safetys!", causing all the kids in the audience to say the same, except as if telling them to leave, which angers the safety patrol. Scout also meets a kid named T\'Boo, who introduces him to Lefty , Red, Walt Whitman, Lucky, and Hannah Zapruder, who is one of the cheerleaders. It is later revealed that T\'Boo is afraid of frogs ever since an incident in his biology class when he was attacked by a frog that came back from the dead. Meanwhile, Scout\'s grandfather has several broken bones  due to Scout accidentally  knocking him off a ladder. When Mrs. Marlowe, the principal, becomes aware that a safety patrol member is involved in the thefts, Kent, Mrs. Day, and Mr. Miller look for a scapegoat to put the blame on, and so they employ Scout as a member of the safety patrol, as Mr. Miller and Kent have a mutual disliking for him. At a ceremony, in which Hannah is valedictorian, Kent gives a lighter and the key to Mrs. Marlowe\'s office to Mr. Miller and Mrs. Day, who then sneak them into Scout\'s pocket. When fellow patrolman Coop asks Scout to get his gloves, he discovers Mrs. Marlowe\'s office is on fire, so he puts the fire out and saves the hamster; however, when the key and the lighter fall out of his pocket, it appears as though Scout stole the key and started the fire, so he is kicked off of safety patrol and forbidden to attend the Fall Ball. Hannah and the others are sure Scout was set up. When Hannah\'s father is searching through his tape for a scene he can send to Wink Martindale, he, Hannah, Scout, and the others watch the ceremony and see Kent, Mr. Miller, and Mrs. Day planting the key and lighter on Scout. Scout, Hannah, T\'Boo, and the others soon discover Mr. Miller and Mrs. Day\'s actual identities and that they are responsible for the thefts in the school, The crew goes to the Fall Ball, where they give the tape to Weird Al Yankovic, who plays the tape and exposes Kent and his gang for starting the fire. Mr. Miller and Mrs. Day rob a tent, but are discovered in the process, so they take Hannah hostage aboard a hot air balloon . Scout goes after them to stop them. Hannah throws a bag of money over the edge, and Mr. Miller jumps off, hanging onto the edge. Scout tries to save him but, unwilling to let go of the money to take Scout\'s hand, he falls, though he survives due to landing in a very small spot of water. By threatening to throw more money off the balloon, Hannah gets Mrs. Day to land the balloon, though it crashes and sends Mrs. Day falling into a hole, where she is hanging onto the edge. Scout and the others save her from falling to her death, during which time T\'Boo encounters a frog, but soon he seems to get over the zombie frog attack. Afterward, Mr. Miller and Mrs. Day are arrested. Scout is put back on safety patrol, and Kent and his gang are replaced by T\'Boo, Hannah, Red, Walt, Lucky, and Lefty. Grandpa Bozell makes a full recovery, though soon after is knocked out when he is sent crashing through a door by a waxer that, earlier in the film, seems to have come to life after being plugged in by Scout. Mr. Zapruder seemingly records this to send to Wink, but his camera has no tape in it.'] ["Edison  is a poor, failed inventor and surf bum, but soon runs into and befriends wealthy business magnate Armand McMillan . When Armand passes away shortly thereafter, he leaves Edison the majority of shares in his large invention corporation, and leaves his jealous nephew, his only living relative, Bradford ([[Larry Miller  only a surfboard. Bradford attempts to derail Edison's success by stealing his formula for glow in the dark, which had not previously existed in the reality of this movie, and sharing it with a consumer who covers himself in it and alleges that Edison's prize invention—a portable TV/TV dinner combo—leaks radiation. When Edison reveals to all that radiation causes sickness and death—but not a literal glowing—and that he had invented the formula for glow in the dark, the company is saved and Edison appoints beau Natalie Stockwell  to run the company."] ['Chicago area resident Chester "Chet" Ripley , his wife, Connie , and their two sons, Buck ([[Chris Young  and Ben , are on vacation at a lake resort in Pechoggin, Wisconsin during the summer. Chet is a fun-loving father and husband looking for a get away for his family. All is going as planned when four unexpected visitors show up with a video camera in hand at the lake resort lodge. Having decided not to vacation in Europe, Connie\'s sister, Kate , Kate\'s know-it-all investment broker husband, Roman Craig , and their twin daughters, Mara  and Cara , crash the vacation.  Roman is a typical Mercedes driving , investment focused, \'80s yuppie. He and Kate live in the posh Chicago suburb of Oak Park. Roman seems to take pleasure in making sure others are well aware of his wealth and  expertise on many subjects. Ghost stories at the family BBQ include one of a man-eating grizzly bear that Chet once met face-to-face earlier in his life. Chet says that while he and Connie were honeymooning at the same lake they\'re at now, he was attacked by a giant grizzly bear. Chet drove it away by firing a shotgun at it. The buckshot shaved the hair right off the top of the bear\'s head and from that day on, it was known as the \'Bald-Headed Bear\' of Claire County. Roman describes the remote northern woods location as "God\'s Country" and prefers speedboats over pontoon boats. After Roman pulls Chet around the lake on an impromptu water ski ride courtesy of his rented speedboat Suck My Wake, tensions between families erupt. Roman proceeds to get on Chet\'s nerves — so much so that Chet is ready to pack up and go home, even as teenager Buck tries to romance local girl, Cammie . Buck and Cammie\'s teen romance sparks at a local amusement park. The budding romance goes well until Buck\'s father, Chet, is challenged to eat the Old 96\'er  at a family dinner which causes Buck to break the date. Buck tries to apologize to Cammie for being late, but Cammie refuses to speak with him. Connie and Kate bond at a local bar when the conversation drifts to Kate\'s challenges of being wealthy. Later, just at the peak of tension between families, ironically, it emerges that Roman has made a bad investment and is broke. He hasn\'t told Kate and was planning to offer Chet a $25,000 \'investment\'. Roman describes how he hasn\'t traded on the floors in Chicago in two years. A deal that looked good came up but Roman couldn\'t meet his deadlines and ended up getting demoted to a runner. He now wears a blue jacket and fetches coffee which is the reason why he came to the Great Outdoors to hit up family man, Chet, for the cash. Meanwhile, during a thunderstorm, the twins go missing and fall into a poorly blocked-off former mica mine shaft. Chet and Roman eventually find them, but the claustrophobic Roman is reluctant to descend into the tiny mine shaft. After some encouragement from Chet, Roman summons up all his courage to rescue the twins, while Chet goes in search of a rope to pull them out. Upon realizing that the mine is stocked with old dynamite, Roman takes his daughters and climbs out of the shaft on his own. When Chet finally returns with the rope, he is horrified to discover the \'Bald-Headed Bear\', which supposedly attacked Chet many years ago, lurking in the mine. It chases him back to the house, smashes through the door and rampages through the house. The cabin owner, startled out of sleep by the bear\'s fearsome roar, bursts into the house armed with a shotgun. Chet takes the gun and shoots the bear\'s rear end, exposing the bare flesh of its rump. The bear then runs out of the cabin, wailing in agony. The next morning, the two families part on good terms, with both sharing how much they enjoyed their vacation together. Unbeknownst to Chet, however, Connie has invited Roman\'s family to stay with them until Roman can get back on his feet. In the meantime, Cammie and Buck make up and end their summer romance, as Buck and his family head back to the Chicago area in a race for the good parking spot in their garage. After the credits, the rambunctious raccoons that have wreaked havoc at the lodge throughout the movie have the last word. They make fun of the bear friend who is "bald on both ends" now.'] ['Young bachelors and best friends, Fred Flintstone  and Barney Rubble  share a trailer while trying  to find decent girlfriends. They meet a little green alien called the Great Gazoo , who was exiled to Earth by his species in order to study the human mating cycle. Gazoo, whom only Fred and Barney can see, decides to follow Fred and Barney to gather information, even though his superior knowledge and personality annoys them. Wilma Slaghoople , meanwhile, is living in a mansion with her wealthy parents. Her control-freak mother, Pearl , thinks that her daughter\'s wish to do common things such as bowling is silly and wants her to marry rich smooth casino-owner Chip Rockefeller . After a fight with her mother, Wilma angrily storms out of the house and goes to a Bronto King in Bedrock, where she is waited on by Betty O\'Shale . Betty mistakenly thinks that Wilma is a "caveless" person and offers to share her apartment with her. Wilma is also given a job at the restaurant. When Fred and Barney go to the restaurant for dinner, they are smitten with the girls and manage to talk them into going to a carnival with them. Fred goes with Betty and Barney goes with Wilma, but they later exchange girls. Wilma later takes Fred, Barney, and Betty to her father\'s  birthday party, where Fred intends on proposing to Wilma. Once they get there, they are all shocked to find out that Wilma comes from a very wealthy family, and Fred changes his mind about proposing to her after he meets Chip and realizes what he is up against. Fred and Barney humiliate themselves and Wilma at the dinner, but Wilma tells everyone that she is proud to be friends with them and they walk out of the mansion. Chip, however, devises a plan to get Wilma back by inviting the foursome to stay at his resort in Rock Vegas, believing that Fred will become caught up in gambling and Wilma will leave him. The four of them enjoy the start of their trip. Chip gives them a huge comfortable suite at his resort, access to the pool, and spa treatment for Wilma and Betty. Fred decides to gamble, but never bets any high amount. Chip and his girlfriend Roxie  are visited by two men who reveal that Chip owes their boss a lot of money. Chip tells them that he will soon be married to Wilma and will use her family\'s money to pay off his debt, and Gazoo witnesses the entire conversation. Chip then invites Fred to play poker with the high rollers, and make more money, but Barney tries to prevent Fred from agreeing. Chip then tells Barney about the All-You-Can Eat buffet, and gets Roxie to seduce him into escorting her there. Fred gets so caught up in gambling that he forgets that he and Barney were supposed to meet Wilma and Betty for dinner. While looking for Barney, Betty sees him wiping cream off of Roxie\'s chest and misinterprets that he is touching her breast. She begins crying and is approached by Mick Jagged , who is attracted to her. She tells him that her boyfriend was cheating on her and he comforts her, then invites her to go out on a date with him, which she accepts. Fred and Wilma get into an argument over Fred\'s obsession with gambling and Wilma breaks up with him. Chip then arranges to have Fred lose all of the money he won so he will be left with nothing. Wilma runs into Chip and she tells him about her breakup with Fred. He then tells her that there have been burglaries around the hotel and should keep her pearls in a safe. Fred, who has lost all his money, goes to Chip for help, and Chip puts Wilma\'s pearls in Fred\'s pocket. He then announces to the entire resort that someone has stolen the pearls, and tells Fred to empty his pockets, and shows all of the guests that Fred has the pearls. Security arrests Fred, and Barney as well when he tries to help Fred. Wilma and Chip get back together. While in prison, Fred and Barney are visited by Gazoo, who tells them about Chip\'s plan to use Wilma\'s wealth to pay his debt. They realize that Barney can slip through the bars and he steals the guard\'s keys and unlocks the cell. Meanwhile, Wilma and Betty think about their boyfriends and burst into tears. Fred and Barney disguise themselves as dancers and accidentally run into Jagged\'s dressing room. Barney tells Betty he loves her, and they get back together. Chip proposes to Wilma just as Jagged comes on stage to sing, but once he turns around, it is revealed to be Fred. He sings to Wilma, and she realizes that she still loves him. He comes off stage and confesses his love for her and proposes to her. She rejects Chip and agrees to marry Fred. Fred and Wilma get married in the Rock Vegas Chapel of Love, and upon the Pastor ([[John Stephenson  announcing them as man and wife, everyone sings "Meet the Flintstones". Mick Jagged sings "Viva Rock Vegas" at a party. Wilma throws back her bouquet of flowers and Betty catches it and looks at Barney with a smile on her face and they kiss. The newly married Fred and Wilma drive happily away with their friends and family waving them goodbye.'] ["A motley group of phony church leaders attempts to rob a bank controlled by brothers in 1880's Texas."] ['Ernest  is working as a golf ball collector at a golf range in Valdosta, Georgia, but fantasizes about being a war hero. A friend tells him that if he joins the Army, he will get to drive large vehicles and never have to go into actual combat. He enlists, but is deployed to the fictional Middle Eastern country of Karifistan, where his unit has to save the country from being invaded by an evil Islamic dictator named Tufuti of Aziria. Once he began, Ernest and his team investigates a dictator who was responsible for the wars in the nearby village. Suddenly, he finds a lost boy and has to keep him safe until his father is found.'] ['Charlie goes to the movie and falls in love with a girl on the screen. He goes to Keystone Studios to find her. He disrupts the shooting of a film, and a fire breaks out. Charlie is blamed, gets squirted with a firehose, and is shoved by the female star.'] ['Two sets of identical twins, played by Wilder and Sutherland, are accidentally switched at birth. One set, Phillipe and Pierre DeSisi, is aristocratic and haughty, while the other set, Charles and Claude Coupé, poor and dim-witted. On the eve of the French Revolution, both sets find themselves entangled in palace intrigues.'] ['The film takes place in the Stone Age, where the leader  of the cave people declares that all the males between 13 and 95 years of age must find a female mate or face banishment. Ollie starts looking for a wife and in the scene it says "anyones will do" but is constantly clubbed on the head by the annoyed "husbands" Eventually Ollie finds an available girl but doesn\'t realise that Stan, with whom he has become friends is already intending to marry this girl. As both Stan and Ollie pursue the same girl, this eventually leads to several contests to win the affections of the young Blushing Rose.'] ['Harold Van Pelham  is a rich businessman who fancies himself deathly sick when in fact he is perfectly fine. He decides to sail to a small, nearly unknown island some distance West of South America named "El Paradiso" for his health. Instead of the peace and seclusion he is seeking, he finds himself in the midst of a revolution, although for a long time he does not realize this . Finally, he is thrown into prison where he meets the friendly giant, Colosso . Together, they engineer an escape. After Harold helps Colosso pull out a bad tooth, Colosso is eternally grateful and vows to do Harold\'s will. Harold decides that the revolution is bad for his health and must be stopped. Harold, Colosso, and Harold\'s nurse  manage to single-handedly quell the revolution. Finally, Harold realizes that he is not as sick as he thought he was.'] ["Dewey  and Wallace  are small-town lawmen who are ordered by the governor to go undercover as prison inmates to find out where a gang of thieves have hidden their loot. While they're undercover, however, the governor dies, and because no one else knows about the ruse Dewey and Wallace are stranded in prison."] ["The Stooges are tree surgeons who are enlisted by a rich old man to find a mate for his rare puckerless persimmon tree. The boys sail to the tropical island of Rhum-Boogie to find the tree. When they arrive they are captured by the natives and will be eaten unless Curly marries the Chief's ugly daughter. The Stooges manage to escape with the tree and, after a confrontation with an alligator, sail off with their prize."] ['At a Catholic school in 2050, a troublesome boy named Roger is running away after threatening to blow up the gym when his parents won\'t allow him to play on the basketball team. He\'s stopped by Father Clifford , a very old priest, who tries to persuade him to change his ways by telling him a story of his own youth. Flashing back to the present-day , the 10-year-old Clifford is a deceptive, evil, weird-looking boy who never lets go of a toy dinosaur he calls Stephan. He loves dinosaurs and his dream is to visit Dinosaur World, a theme park located in California. While flying with his parents to Honolulu, Clifford stops the plane\'s engines, forcing it to make an emergency landing in Los Angeles. His father, Julien, scolds Clifford because Clifford is banned from the flight, though Julien has an important engagement to attend. From the airport, Julien phones his brother Martin , who resides in Los Angeles, to propose the idea of Clifford staying with him for a while. He thinks that this could be the perfect opportunity to prove to his fiancée, Sarah Davis , how well he interacts with children, especially his nephew whom he hasn\'t seen since he was baptized. Little does he know that a calculating monster hides behind Clifford\'s innocent smile. Upon their reunion, Martin reveals to Clifford that he designed Larry the Scary Rex  and is able to get into the park free of charge. This only strengthens Clifford\'s obsession to visit the theme park. Martin promises to take him there, but is ultimately forced to back out because he must finish designing new plans for the transportation system of Los Angeles. This enrages Clifford, who embarks on a path of destruction and sabotage. While Martin buys chocolate at a convenience store for Clifford, Clifford notices a family going to Dinosaur World and sees a boy named Kevin in a dinosaur costume heading to the restroom. Clifford buys the dinosaur costume and also gives Kevin his own clothes. Clifford then gets into Kevin\'s family\'s van wearing the dinosaur costume and hoping no one will notice. But Martin finds Kevin wearing Clifford\'s clothes in the restroom, and finds Clifford in the van, causing Kevin\'s mother to think that Martin assaulted Kevin. But Kevin comes out of the restroom, proving that Martin was telling the truth about Kevin. After this, Martin scolds Clifford and refuses to take him to Dinosaur World, ever. Clifford turns his uncle\'s life upside down, jeopardizing Martin\'s relationship with Sarah as well as his job. Among other things, he compliments Martin\'s boss, Mr. Ellis , about his toupee to his face and causes Martin to be humiliated at Sarah\'s parents\' 35th wedding anniversary party by replacing his Bloody Mary with straight Tabasco sauce. Clifford manages to get Martin to do an unprepared toast, which turns into a disaster after Martin drinks the Tabasco and then tries to soothe his mouth by drinking straight out of the punch bowl in front of Sarah\'s family. Clifford causes further embarrassment by replacing Martin\'s ChapStick with lipstick, and tops it off by getting him arrested in front of Sarah\'s family after calling in a fake bomb threat by editing Martin\'s punishment to Clifford, causing Martin to have a criminal record. To add further punishment for Martin\'s reneging on his promise, Clifford tricks him into boarding a train to San Francisco, throws a party in Martin\'s house while he is in San Francisco, and destroys all of his work by planting a bomb in a presentation during a press conference, which causes him to be fired from the architectural firm at which he worked. Sarah believes that Martin is not able to watch Clifford, and takes Clifford home with her after she has found that Martin has locked him in his room, nailing the door and windows shut. With his life in ruins as a result of Clifford\'s destructive behavior, Martin\'s sanity snaps. Martin drives to Sarah\'s house and abducts Clifford, putting Clifford in a straitjacket. Martin finally takes Clifford to Dinosaur World, after hours, to make him ride the Larry the Scary Rex ride until he can no longer take it. After going through it once, Clifford seems to enjoy himself, so Martin ups the ride\'s speed again and again, to the point where, he says, he puts it on hyperdrive. The ride malfunctions and Clifford\'s cart crashes, leaving him dangling above the jaws of a robotic dinosaur. Clifford cries out for Martin to save him. Martin hesitates because he worries about what could happen in the future of mankind if he saves Clifford\'s life. He does the right thing and risks his own life to save Clifford, and the two escape just before everything collapses. Clifford finally apologizes for his behavior, but Martin is fed up. He tells Clifford that he is a destructive thing, not a human. Clifford, who was upset, decides not to go home with Martin. We momentarily return to the future when Father Clifford says that this experience made him turn his life around. He wrote hundreds of letters asking his uncle\'s forgiveness, to little avail. But later on, Martin gave him "the bestest request in the whole wide world," inviting him to Martin\'s and Sarah\'s wedding, which meant that he had finally forgiven Clifford. Roger decides to not run away and to write hundreds of letters, asking for forgiveness. Father Clifford then takes Stephan , saying, "Mission accomplished, old friend."'] ['Kate Hartounian  is the daughter of a wealthy and widowed real estate developer of Armenian and Jewish descent.http://www.garnersclassics.com/qcaddy2.htm Eager to improve her lot in life, she makes friends with Miffy Young  a snooty WASP girl, who encourages her and her father to join their country club. Kate and her father, Jack , apply for membership at Bushwood, the club from the first movie. Jack is a self-made millionaire, yet remains salt-of-the-earth, humble and good-hearted despite his wealth. His unpolished personality foils him on many occasions. When the current members meet Jack, who builds low-income housing in more upscale neighborhoods, his application to join is rejected. The rejection is borne out of his boorish personality and an earlier confrontation with Bushwood President  Chandler Young\'s  wife. Cynthia Young  had tried unsuccessfully to persuade Jack to build his housing complex away from her neighborhood, but her less-than-subtle snobbery leads Jack to chase Cynthia with a bulldozer. It\'s actions like these that build a divide between Jack and Kate. Ty Webb  returns, this time as the club\'s majority owner, and while he likes Jack, he prefers to stay out of the way of the club\'s day-to-day operations. The elitist members of Bushwood reject Jack\'s membership application and pull strings to suspend his housing operation. In retaliation, Jack buys the majority stock to Bushwood from Ty and turns it into an amusement park. Chandler, incensed at the thought of a mere "nouveau-riche" individual getting the better of him, hires Captain Tom Everett   a shell-shocked mercenary operating out of a lunch wagon, to "discourage" Jack from building any more structures on Bushwood property. The bumbling Everett decides to use explosive golf balls to accomplish his task. Meanwhile, Chandler uses his lawyers and connections to shut down Jack\'s housing construction site. Webb suggests that the dispute should be resolved like gentlemen, by facing each other in a golf match. If Chandler wins, Jack loses his construction site and the country club, and if Jack wins, he keeps the Bushwood and the housing project. Despite Jack\'s poor performance early in the match, with luck he ties the match before the final hole. However, during the hole, Jack is faced with a 50 foot putt, while Chandler faces a simple 2 foot putt. Using advice given to him by Webb before the match, Jack manages to use spiritual chanting and the adage "be the ball" to sink the nearly impossible putt. Chandler needs to sink the easy 2 foot putt to tie the match. Meanwhile, Everett, who foolishly shoots himself in the buttocks with a poison dart, fails the task of eliminating Jack as a gopher steals his explosive ball. The mischievous gopher replaces Chandler\'s ball with the explosive ball, and as his family encouragingly crowds around him as he taps in his final swing, the ball bursts and Jack wins the match. Though Kate is embarrassed by her father\'s actions, she is still loyal to him, as evidenced when she commiserates to Miffy, who suggests that she change her last name from Hartounian to Hart. Bewildered at the thought of turning her back on her family name, Kate turns her back on Miffy and makes up with her father.'] ['In the fictional country of Lugash, a mysterious thief breaks into the National Museum, sneaks past its elaborate security system, and makes off with the fabled Pink Panther diamond, leaving a white monogrammed glove with a gold-tinted "P" as a calling card. The Lugash Secret Police are brought in to investigate, and the Shah of Lugash requests the assistance of Inspector Clouseau . Clouseau has been demoted to beat cop by his boss, Chief Inspector Charles Dreyfus , who despises Clouseau to the point of obsession. However, the French government forces Dreyfus to reinstate Clouseau as Inspector of the Sûreté so that he can go to Lugash to investigate the theft of the Pink Panther. Clouseau\'s investigations at the Lugash National Museum, which he nearly destroys, lead him to believe that Sir Charles Lytton , the notorious Phantom, is re-creating the most famous heist of his career. Clouseau is delighted at this, and sees his chance to get revenge on Lytton for framing him and temporarily sending him to prison in the first film. Sir Charles, having read about the theft, realizes that he has been framed. He goes to Lugash to investigate and clear his name. Although Clouseau fails to uncover any leads concerning the theft, his bumbling allows him to survive several attempts on his life by a mysterious assassin. After staking out  Lytton Manor in Nice, Clouseau is tricked into leaving France. He follows Sir Charles\' wife, Lady Claudine  to a resort hotel in Gstaad, Switzerland, where his attempts to investigate her repeatedly fail. Meanwhile, Sir Charles manages to discover the identity of the true thief - his wife . Because they were both bored with their quiet retirement, she stole the diamond for her own excitement, and sent her husband on a wild goose chase. Sir Charles makes a daring escape from Lugash and goes to Gstaad to find his wife and the diamond. Inspector Clouseau, who has unknowingly been on the trail of the real thief all along, receives a telephone call from Chief Inspector Dreyfus telling him to arrest Lady Claudine. However, when Clouseau calls Dreyfus back to ask why, he is informed that Dreyfus has gone on vacation and will not be back until the following week. Dreyfus, now revealed as the assassin trying to kill Clouseau, prepares to shoot him with a sniper rifle as soon as he enters Lady Claudine\'s room. Lady Claudine playfully confesses the theft to her husband, and hands the diamond over to him, so he can go about proving his innocence. They are cornered by Colonel Sharki  of the Lugash Secret Police, who intends to kill them both. It turns out he has been using the theft of the diamond as an excuse to purge his political opponents. Clouseau barges into the room to arrest the Lyttons. Sir Charles points out that Colonel Sharki is going to kill them all. Suddenly, Dreyfus opens fire on the room, and accidentally kills Sharki while aiming at Clouseau, who ducks at the last minute to check his fly. The Lyttons escape during the fray. For his work in recovering the Pink Panther, Clouseau is promoted to Chief Inspector, and vows to bring Sir Charles to justice. Lady Claudine\'s fate is not revealed to the audience, but it is implied she was not arrested. Dreyfus is committed to a lunatic asylum, where he is straitjacketed and placed inside a Padded cell, vowing revenge on Clouseau as the animated Pink Panther enters the room.'] ['John  and Dean  are two sheltered happy-go-lucky brothers who want nothing more than to please their ailing father . Deciding a grandson will do the trick, the clueless boys set out to find a woman who can give them a baby. Finding Janine  on Craigslist, the brothers find the woman of their dreams, artificially inseminating her and spending the next nine months on a roller coaster of life, facing romantic and parental challenges along the way that are no match for their sunny attitude.'] ['Sid Boggle  and his friend Bernie Lugg  are partners in a plumbing business. They take their girlfriends, the prudish Joan Fussey  and meek Anthea Meeks , to the cinema to see the film Paradise about a nudist camp. Sid has the idea of the foursome holidaying there, reasoning that in the environment their heretofore chaste girlfriends will relax their strict moral standards. Sid easily gains Bernie\'s co-operation in the scheme, which they bravely attempt to keep secret from the girls. They travel to the campsite named Paradise. After paying the fees to the owner, money-grabbing farmer Josh Fiddler , Sid realises it is not the camp of the film but a standard family campsite. Furthermore, it not a paradise but a damp field with the only facilities being a basic ablutions block. They reluctantly agree to stay after Fiddler refuses a refund and the girls approve of the place. There is further disappointment when the girls won\'t share a tent with the boys. Sid and Bernie soon set their sights on a bunch of young ladies on holiday from the Chayste Place finishing school. The ringleader of the girls is blonde and bouncy Babs . In charge of the girls is Dr Soaper , who is fervently pursued by his lovelorn colleague, the school\'s matron, Miss Haggard . During an outdoor aerobics session led by Dr Soaper, Babs\' bikini top flies off and is caught by Soaper.  Other campers are Peter Potter , who hates camping but must endure a jolly yet domineering wife Harriet , who has a hideous braying cackle. Naive first-time camper Charlie Muggins ([[Charles Hawtrey , completes the mismatched trio. Chaos ensues when a group of hippies arrive in the next field for a noisy all-night rave - a live concert by band "The Flowerbuds". The campers club together and successfully drive the ravers away, but all the girls leave with them. However, there is a happy ending for Bernie and Sid when their girlfriends finally agree to sleep with them. Their joy is short-lived when Joan\'s mother turns up but Anthea lets a goat loose which chases Joan\'s mother away.'] ["3 years after the events of the previous film, Pee-wee Herman  has a dream of being a famous singer. He makes his exit by disguising himself as Abraham Lincoln. One of the fans asks him for his autograph, but his disguise is promptly exposed. They chase after him and he flies off to his ranch. Pee-wee finally awakens from his dream that morning to work on his farm with Vance the pig (voiced by [[Wayne White . Later, he has lunch with his fiancée, school teacher Winnie Johnson . Next, he races Vance to a general store owned by Mr. Ryan  to order a cheese sandwich with a pickle. The sheriff  warns everyone of a big storm approaching town. After the storm ends, Pee-wee emerges from his storm shelter to discover that an entire travelling circus has been blown into his backyard. Befriended by Cabrini Circus manager Mace Montana , Pee-wee is hoping to impress Gina Piccolapupula , a trapeze artist and the circus' star attraction, thereby incurring the jealousy of his Winnie until she meets Gina's older brothers: The Piccolapupula Brothers. Gina leaves Pee-wee when she finds out about Winnie, but later returns to him when she realizes that Pee-wee actually loves her. Pee-wee wants to join the circus, but his attempts fail. Gina then tells Pee-wee about her deceased father, Papa Piccolapupula, who was a famous aerialist who suffered a fall performing the Spiral of Death, and that Pee-wee should try walking the tightrope in his honor. Mace comes up with a brilliant idea: to stage a three-ring spectacular saluting the American Farm. The problem is that the majority of the town's residents are disgruntled, uncaring elderly people who have been demanding the circus Pee-wee is helping leave town. The townspeople attempt to arrest Pee-wee for various crimes including defacing public property. The sheriff agrees to drop the charges however provided that the circus leaves town. The circus does so, but Pee-wee saves the day when he sneaks genetically modified cocktail weenies from his hot-dog tree to the townspeople, causing them to become children once again. Now grateful to have extra years of life and without any memories of what happened, the children watch Mace's circus and Pee-wee perform."] ['In 1978, the narcissistic, manipulative actress Madeline Ashton  performs in "Songbird"—an ill-conceived musical version of Sweet Bird of Youth by Tennessee Williams—on Broadway. Following her performance, Madeline invites her long-time rival Helen Sharp , an aspiring writer, backstage, along with her fiancé, plastic surgeon Ernest Menville . Ernest is visibly smitten with Madeline, which worries Helen, who has lost other men to Madeline in the past. Although Ernest reassures Helen there is nothing going on between him and Madeline, he soon breaks off his engagement with Helen and weds Madeline. Seven years later, Helen has been committed to a psychiatric hospital after becoming fixated upon Madeline. Obese and depressed, Helen is encouraged to "erase [Madeline] from [her] mind" in order to move on. Helen feigns rehabilitation and is released, all the while plotting revenge on Madeline. After an additional seven years, Madeline continues to live well financially in Beverly Hills with Ernest, but the two are miserable in their marriage. Madeline\'s career is all but over, and Ernest is an alcoholic reduced to working only as a reconstructive mortician. Following the receipt of an invitation to a party later that evening celebrating Helen\'s new book, Madeline rushes to a spa where she regularly receives extensive facial treatments. Understanding the urgency of Madeline\'s situation, the spa owner gives her the business card of Lisle von Rhoman, a woman who specializes in beauty and youth rejuvenation. Madeline dismisses the spa owner\'s advice and returns home to prepare for the party. Madeline and Ernest attend the book-signing party for Helen\'s novel Forever Young and discover that Helen is now thin and youthful looking. Dumbfounded and depressed by Helen\'s new appearance, Madeline goes to see her young lover but discovers he is spending the evening with a woman his own age. Dejected, Madeline re-discovers Lisle\'s business card and drives to her home. There, Lisle  is revealed as a mysterious, wealthy socialite who appears to be in her thirties. However, Lisle discloses her true age as 71, and reveals to Madeline the secret of her beauty: a potion that promises eternal life and an ever-lasting youthful appearance. Madeline purchases and drinks the potion and is returned to her youthful form. However, as a condition of purchase, Madeline must disappear from public life after ten years in order to keep the existence of the potion a secret. Lisle also warns Madeline to take good care of her body. Meanwhile, Helen has seduced Ernest and convinced him to kill Madeline, intending to drug her and fake a drunk-driving accident, which will then free Ernest from Madeline and allow him to wed Helen. However, when Madeline returns home , she and Ernest have an argument, during which Madeline falls down the stairs and breaks her neck. Believing Madeline to be dead, Ernest phones Helen for advice, not noticing as Madeline slowly stands and approaches him with her head now twisted backwards. Horrified, Ernest assumes that she has a seriously dislocated neck and drives her to the emergency room. After losing consciousness in the emergency room, Madeline is taken to the morgue due to her body having no pulse and a temperature below 80°. After rescuing Madeline, Ernest takes the sign of her "resurrection" as a miracle, returns home with Madeline and uses all his skills to repair the damage to her body. Helen later arrives at her mansion, demanding information about Madeline\'s situation. Overhearing Helen and Ernest re-discussing their earlier plot to stage Madeline\'s death as an accident, Madeline confronts Helen and then shoots her with a double-barreled shotgun. However, although the blast causes a gaping basketball-sized hole in her stomach, Helen does not die. She and Madeline both realize they drank the same potion. The pair scheme to have Ernest also drink the potion in order to prevent him from going to authorities, but also to ensure he is available to maintain their bodies. After bringing Ernest to Lisle, she makes an impassioned argument for immortality and offers to give him the potion free of charge. Ernest refuses, stating he\'d rather live his own life and die rather than spend an eternity with only Madeline and Helen for company and no way to escape. He pockets the potion and attempts to flee, but during his escape becomes trapped on the roof. After slipping and becoming stuck on a rain gutter, held up only by his suspenders, Helen and Madeline implore Ernest to drink the potion in order to survive the impending fall. Ernest refuses, drops the potion, and seemingly falls to his death. However, Ernest survives the fall, crashing through a glass skylight and landing in Lisle\'s pool, and escapes. After Lisle effectively excommunicates Madeline and Helen from her group, the pair realize they must now rely on each other for companionship and maintenance for the remainder of their "lives". Thirty-seven years later, Madeline and Helen attend Ernest\'s funeral, where he is eulogized as having lived an adventurous and fulfilling life. The two realize Ernest accomplished much more during his lifetime than they are ever likely to in immortality. The two bicker as they leave Ernest\'s funeral, upon which it is revealed they are now horrified mutations of their former past, with cracked, peeling paint and putty now covering most of their grey and rotting flesh. While walking, Helen accidentally trips on a can of spray paint Madeline had earlier dropped, leaving her precariously teetering at the top of a staircase. After deliberately hesitating to help her companion, Helen grabs Madeline and the two tumble down the stairs, literally breaking to pieces as they crash to the bottom. As their disembodied heads roll and totter together, Helen sardonically asks Madeline, "Do you remember where you parked the car?"'] ['The film opens with a woman leaving a bassinet on the porch of a fancy home; the baby, named Junior, promptly urinates on the woman who picks him up. From there, he is repeatedly discarded at various homes throughout many years by guardians who have grown tired of his destructive behavior—which includes demolishing a mobile home with a bulldozer in retaliation for his favorite toys being stepped on—until he is eventually deposited at a Catholic orphanage, where he continues to wreak havoc on the strict nuns. Ben Healy  is a pleasant but brow-beaten husband working for his father Big Ben , a tyrannical sporting goods dealer who is running for Mayor. Recently, he has discovered that his father intends to sell his store and the land to a Japanese company rather than leave it to him; when he asks why, Big Ben reveals that it is because his son "stubbornly refuses to follow [his] example" by adopting an honest work ethic instead of a ruthless drive to usurp. He would love to have a son, but his selfish, gold-digging wife Flo  has been unable to conceive. Ben approaches less-than-scrupulous adoption agent Igor Peabody  with his dilemma, and Igor presents them with a cute 7-year-old boy, Junior ([[Michael Oliver . However, Junior is hardly a model child; apparently mean-spirited and incorrigible, he leaves a path of serious destruction in his wake, and is even pen pals with Martin Beck , a notorious serial killer called the Bow Tie Killer. Big Ben ends up falling down the stairs, and the house catches on fire. Junior messes up a camping trip with the neighbors by urinating in the fire, and manipulating a practical joke played on the kids by their father, Roy. He makes Ben believe a bear is attacking the campground when it is really Roy in a bear suit. Ben hits Roy with a frying pan. Junior then goes on to terrorize his neighbor\'s birthday party, after Lucy, the snobby birthday girl, bans him from the magic show. Junior however wants revenge and sneaks a lawn sprinkler in her room, cuts off another girl\'s ponytails with scissors, puts a frog in the punch bowl, replaces Pinata candy with pickles including the juice, throws her presents in the pool and places fire crackers in her birthday cake making it blow up. Ben seeing Junior is upset gives him his most precious possession, a dried prune that belonged to his grandfather , telling him it signifies a bond between two people. Finally, he displays his effective but unethical method for winning in Little League where he strikes rival players in the crotch with a baseball bat. Ben is having serious doubts about Junior, and decides to take him back to the orphanage. However, upon hearing he was returned thirty times, he decides to keep and love him, something no one has ever done. However, Junior becomes upset that his parents were going to send him back and despite Ben stating that he will not, drives Flo\'s car into her father-in-law\'s store, and Ben\'s bank account is wiped out to pay for the damage. He is on the verge of cracking until Beck arrives at the house, posing as Junior\'s uncle, and decides to kidnap his faithful correspondent, along with Flo for ransom. While Ben first sees this as good riddance to his browbeating wife and the trouble making Junior, he soon notices signs that Junior is not the monster he appeared. In his drawer is the prune carefully wrapped up and through a series of pictures he drew, he depicts Flo and Big Ben as deformed monsters with hostile surroundings, but depicted Ben as a happy person in a pleasant background, revealing that he really did value him as a father figure all along. Ben, realizing that Junior\'s behavior was simply a response to how he himself had been treated, and that it has simply been bad luck that he has had to deal with too many cruel and selfish people at such a young age, undertakes a rescue mission to get him back from Beck. He then confronts his father  to loan him the ransom money. When he callously refuses, Ben activates the camera that puts Big Ben unknowingly on live TV, where he ends up revealing his true nature on the news, even mooning the camera. Afterward, Ben steals his neighbor Roy\'s car and "Super Dad" hat and goes to rescue Junior. Ben catches up with Beck and Junior at the circus. Junior is rescued after escaping from Beck through a trapeze act and calls Ben Dad for the first time. Beck drives away, but the Healys are now on his trail. After a collision, Flo , is thrown into the air and lands in the back of a farm truck loaded with pigs. Beck is arrested, but while being led away, he grabs an officers side arm and fires at Junior, but Ben shields Junior and takes the shot. Thinking Ben is dead, Junior apologizes for all the bad things he did and tells him he will never be naughty again and he loves him. Ben wakes up and tells Junior he loves him, too, and realizes the bullet ricocheted off his good-luck prune he was holding in his pocket. Junior asks Ben if he really believed that he was going to stop misbehaving, but Ben tells Junior he wants him to be himself. Junior then removes his bow tie and throws it over the bridge perhaps as a sign that he has changed his ways not to be like Martin, but be himself. Junior is then carried home by his new father. The film ends with Flo in the truck looking out from the suitcase, only to be met by the rump of a pig as it defecates, and then the credits roll with the movie\'s theme song.'] ['Chaplin plays the role of a homeowner coming home late, after too much to drink. He only wants to go to bed, but the inanimate objects around him prevent him.'] ["Calvin  is a very short thief and convict. With the help of his goofball cohort Percy , Calvin plots a jewellery shop robbery to steal one of the world's largest diamonds. After the successful robbery, the duo is almost arrested, but not before Calvin manages to stash the diamond in a nearby woman's handbag. The thieves follow the handbag's owner to her home where they discover a couple, Darryl  and Vanessa , who are eager to have a child. Calvin and Percy hatch a plot to pass Calvin as a baby left on the couple's doorstep. Darryl and Vanessa, wanting a child, immediately adopt the baby as their own. However, Vanessa's dad Pops ([[John Witherspoon  has a bad feeling about Calvin. Friends of the couple find Calvin odd as well. A local goon, Walken , discovers the deception and demands the diamond from Percy. Percy sells out Darryl and now Calvin, in a series of comedic maneuvers, manages to rescue Darryl and have Walken arrested. They are given a substantial reward for the recovery of the diamond. Before he leaves, Calvin thanks Darryl for taking care of him even though he wasn't really a baby. Calvin is about to be out of Darryl's life for good, as Darryl watches him leave. Calvin is crying hysterically, so Darryl decides to let Calvin stay around and from that point on, the two men become the best of friends. The film ends with Calvin and Pops playing with Darryl and Vanessa's new baby, who looks exactly like Darryl ."] ['At work, Clark Griswold  has invented a long life food preservative, earning him a large bonus check. Clark announces to his family that he is taking them on vacation. Enthusiasm wanes, however, when Clark says they are headed to Las Vegas, Nevada. His wife, Ellen , and teenage daughter, Audrey  have their doubts, as Las Vegas is not known for its family-friendly atmosphere, while teenage son Rusty  appears to be more eager, even asking if prostitution is legal there. Upon travelling to Vegas, they run into the "girl in the Ferrari"  who appeared in the first film, Clark is the only one who sees her, but then notices that she has a child. Upon arriving in Vegas, the family embarks upon a series of mishaps and adventures. Clark crosses paths with Cousin Eddie , the husband of Ellen\'s cousin Catherine . Eddie and his family now live in the desert just north of Las Vegas, on what used to be an H-bomb test site. While on a group tour of the gigantic Hoover Dam led by guide Arty , Clark foolishly leaves the group after accidentally creating a leak in the dam\'s inside walkways, and is forced to climb the scaffolding to the very top of the dam to get out, because his cries for help cannot be heard over the roaring water of the spillway. Later that night, they win tickets to a Siegfried & Roy  concert. Clark is involved, and is turned into a tiger, at the end he is turned back into human though. The next day at night, tickets to a Wayne Newton  concert,  are sent in the mail. They go to the concert, only to realize that Newton had sent the dress, and while singing he has Ellen go on stage and sing with him. The next day, the family go out to eat, but after Ellen gets a suspicion, they decided to go their own ways just for the day. Clark goes to a casino and becomes addicted to gambling (mostly blackjack, which he usually loses to an overzealous dealer , Rusty gets a fake ID and becomes a winning high roller , Audrey starts hanging out with Eddie\'s wild stripper daughter Vickie  , and Ellen becomes addicted to Wayne Newton, who may have feelings for Ellen, and it is making Clark jealous. Meanwhile, After Clark gambles away the family\'s $22,600 bank account, Ellen finds out and tells Clark that he is ruining their vacation together, besides the fact they are not even spending a "Family Vacation" together, and leaves, then Russ and Audrey depart too. Russ goes off gambling  for cars, Ellen goes to eat with Wayne Newton, and Audrie goes to a strip club with Vickie, and begins to dance like a stripper, leaving Clark alone without money. Eddie — who has money buried in his front yard — tries to come to the Griswold family\'s rescue in return for everything the Griswolds have done for him and his family over the years. Clark and Eddie go to a local casino to get their money back, but after losing too many games, Clark runs out of Eddie\'s money. Clark then goes and finds Ellen at Newton\'s house, before he kisses Ellen, and apologizes to her. They then go to a party where Russ is, and find him in a Jacuzzi flirting with girls who are in it with him, they take him out of the Jacuzzi, go to the stripper club, get Audrey and leave. The Griswolds gamble their last two dollars on a game of Keno. They take a seat next to an older man  who compliments Clark on his lovely family, and hints that he has been lonely all of his life. Out of guilt, Clark tells the man to consider himself part of the Griswold family for the night. The man happily accepts Clark\'s kind words, and both parties begin the game. At first, the Griswolds are hopeful, but as they realize they have already lost the game, they sadly sit for moments in silence. Suddenly, the man next to them ecstatically declares that he\'s won the game. As he continues to express joy, he suddenly begins to slip in and out of consciousness while Ellen sends Rusty for help. He awakens one last time and whispers a message to Clark, before dropping his winning ticket and falling one final time. Clark, puzzled, tells Ellen that the man said "take the ticket." When the casino security guards and paramedics arrive, they declare the man officially dead. They tell the Griswolds his name was Mr. Ellis, and commented on how sad his loneliness was to them. As Mr. Ellis is carried away, a janitor approaches with a vacuum cleaner; walking straight for the winning ticket on the floor. Though it appears Clark is going to allow it to be lost, he at the last moment pulls the ticket out of the path of the vacuum. With them winning the lottery, Clark and Ellen get remarried  Afterwards, Clark hands Eddie a large pile of cash  and explains by telling him that "we were very fortunate last night." They all drive home in the four cars Rusty won on the slot machines: a Dodge Viper, a Ford Mustang, a Hummer H1, and a Ford Aspire.'] ["The story centers around Harvey Miller , whose father was a famous golf pro. He wanted Harvey to follow in his footsteps, but poor Harvey is afraid of crowds. Instead, at the advice of his fiancée Lisa , Harvey becomes a golf instructor. Lisa's brother Joe  becomes Harvey's first client and becomes good enough to start playing in tournaments, with Harvey tagging along as his caddy. Donna Reed plays the wealthy socialite who Dean wins over. Joe's success goes to his head and begins to treat Harvey poorly. They begin to quarrel and cause a disruption at a tournament and Joe is disqualified. However, a talent agent witnesses the spectacle and advices that they go into show business. Harvey conquers his fear and they become successful entertainers. At the end, Harvey and Joe meet up with another comedy team who look just like them, Martin and Lewis!"] ['Chuck Murray  and Ferdie Jones  work at a gas station, but long to move up to waiting tables at Chez Glamour, a high-class nightclub. Opportunity comes their way and they find themselves working there. But on their very first night, they cause a disturbance and are fired, only to wind up working again at the gas station, when a gangster named "Moose" Matson  brings in his car for servicing. Chuck and Ferdie happen to be inside the vehicle when the gangster speeds off to escape police, who are searching for him. During the chase, the gangster is killed by gunfire, and through a strange clause in his will, Chuck and Ferdie inherit his tavern, Forrester\'s Club. The lawyer in charge of the will arranges a private bus  to take them to the rural tavern, where they arrive during a heavy thunderstorm, but the driver abandons them and the other passengers there and takes off with everyone\'s luggage, a scheme that is known as the "wildcat bus racket". Unbeknownst to everyone, one of the passengers, Charlie Smith  is a member of Moose\'s gang, and wants to search the tavern for a hidden money stash. . As the night progresses, strange things begin to happen, while Charlie is looking for the money in the basement, he disappears. While upstairs, everyone is curious where Charlie went. Chuck, Ferdie, and Doc look for Charlie. While the men look for Charlie the two girls are frightened by a pair of glowing eyes. When everyone goes to bed, Ferdie finds a hidden door, when he closes it, Charlie\'s corpse falls to the floor. Everyone begins to panic and two detectives show up. They go back to Charlie\'s corpse, it is gone. The detectives began to investigate and vanish. Chuck and Ferdie find a hidden bedroom. When Ferdie puts his pants on a hanger, the room turns into a gambling room. When Chuck comes to see the room and it turns back to the bedroom and Chuck doesn\'t believe Ferdie and they switch rooms. Once again the bedroom turns into a gambling room and when Ferbie shows Chuck it turns back to a bedroom. One of the girls goes downstairs for some warm milk. And gets scared from a ghost. The ghost runs to Ferdie\'s room and hides in the bed. Ferdie runs to the staircase and tells everyone that the ghost is in his room. When everyone gets to Ferbie\'s room and the ghost disappears, leaving only a sheet. Chuck and Doc decide to go search for the detectives and get out of the tavern. Chuck tells Ferdie to look at a map and find the quickest route back to town. In this especially funny scene, Ferdie stammers and shakes as he nervously describes to his disbelieving friends how a lit candle moves back and forth by itself on a table. Ferdie eventually finds Moose\'s treasure hidden inside a stuffed moose head. When everyone counts the money, members of Moose\'s gang come and demand the money. Everyone denies and the gangsters attack everyone. Ferdie takes the money and gets chased by a few gangsters. When Ferdie gets back downstairs, he tosses the bag to Chuck and Ferdie runs out back. Then everyone hears sirens and the gang flees. Chuck runs to the door, revealing that Ferdie made siren noises to frighten the gangsters. While Chuck and Ferdie split the money evenly, Doc tells the boys that the water hey drank last night and can make the ill feel better. Ferdie and Chuck use the money to transform the tavern into a health resort. They hire Ted Lewis and His Orchestra, along with The Andrews Sisters, to headline. Ferdie tries to take some of the money, but is caught by Chuck when he counts the money they made from the opening night.'] ['Jim Blandings , a bright account executive in the advertising business, lives with his wife Muriel  and two daughters in a cramped New York apartment. Muriel secretly plans to remodel their apartment. After rejecting this idea, Jim Blandings comes across an ad for new homes in Connecticut and they get excited about moving. Planning to purchase and "fix up" an old home, the couple contact a real estate agent, who uses them to unload "The Old Hackett Place" in fictional Lansdale County, Connecticut. It is a dilapidated, two hundred-year-old farmhouse. Blandings purchases the property for more than the going rate for land in the area, provoking his friend/lawyer Bill Cole to chastise him for following his heart rather than his head. {{citation needed}} The old house, dating from the Revolutionary War-era, turns out to be structurally unsound and has to be torn down. The Blandings hire architect Simms ([[Reginald Denny  to design and supervise the construction of the new home. From the original purchase to the new house\'s completion, a long litany of unforeseen troubles and setbacks beset the hapless Blandings and delay their moving-in date. On top of all this, at work Jim is assigned the task of coming up with a slogan for "WHAM"-brand ham, an advertising account that has destroyed the careers of previous account executives assigned to it. Jim also suspects that Muriel is cheating on him with Bill Cole after Bill slept at the Blandings\' alone in the house with Muriel one night due to a violent thunderstorm. With mounting pressure, skyrocketing expenses, and his new assignment, Jim starts to wonder why he wanted to live in the country. The Blandings\' maid Gussie provides Blandings with the perfect WHAM slogan, and he saves his job. As the film ends, Bill Cole says that he realizes that some things "you do buy with your heart."'] ['Charlie Hinton is a hardworking father whose wife Kim has just gone back to work as a lawyer. They enroll their child, Ben, in Chapman Academy, a very academic pre-school headed by Miss Harridan. Soon after, Charlie is laid off. In need of money, he opens up a day care center, Daddy Day Care, with the help of his best friend Phil Ryerson. At first, the local moms are suspicious of men wanting to work with children . But as Daddy Day Care is cheaper and more child-centered than the academy, the latter begins to lose popularity. Miss Harridan attempts to shut down Daddy Day Care by notifying child services that Charlie and Phil are not following the regulations. Mr. Kubitz, a director of child services notifies them of the codes that need to be fixed, which Charlie and Phil quickly correct. Daddy Day Care grows in popularity and attracts more children. Mr. Kubitz informs Phil and Charlie that they need another employee to keep an appropriate ratio of children to caregivers. Luckily, Marvin, a former co-worker, had dropped by and after seeing how good he is at entertaining the children, Phil and Charlie ask him about joining. Marvin is unsure at first, but then finds himself falling for Kelli, the single mother of one of the children, and agrees. Later, Mr. Kubitz tells them they have too many kids to stay at Charlie\'s residence. They find an abandoned building with potential, but do not have the money to buy it. They hold a fund raising called "Rock for Daddy Day Care" which Miss Harridan finds out about. Miss Harridan and her assistant wreck the festival by unplugging a bouncy castle, filling the food with cockroaches, switching face paint with glue, releasing animals from the petting zoo, and turning on the sprinklers. Daddy Day Care does not raise enough money. Shortly after, Charlie and Phil are offered their old jobs back, accepting Miss Harridan\'s offer to take the kids back to the academy. Marvin, heartbroken by the closing of the day care, declines Charlie and Phil\'s offer to be on board their marketing panel. Charlie soon realizes that marketing is not what it is all cracked up to be, and successfully convinces the children and their parents to return to Daddy Day Care, making it a raging success, and causing Chapman Academy to shut down. Marvin is now in a relationship with Kelli. Miss Harridan now takes a job as a crossing guard, and her former assistant, Jenny, joins Daddy Day Care at the new facility.'] ['After drunkenly carousing on the town, idle playboy Jonathan Blair  wakes up to find that Texan Valentine Ransome  has spent the night in his mansion. He remembers little of the night and knows little about his house guest. Valentine is attracted to Jonathan and sets out first to reform and then to marry him, explaining to her horse-breaking uncle Sam  that she intends to "slip a bit in his mouth and make him like it". In her way is Jonathan\'s girlfriend, actress Carol Wallace . Jonathan is dismayed to discover that his neglected family shipping firm is in dire trouble, and that he will not be receiving his usual check, leaving him broke. Valentine decides to use this news to ignite his ambition. She buys up controlling interest in the company and moves into his home as the new tenant. When he discovers the identity of the new owner, he wrongly assumes she went out with him solely to learn what she could about the company. Furious, he tells her that he will fight to get the company back, but later, to his valet, Butch , he admits he is beaten, as nobody will lend him the money he needs to make the attempt. Butch, who approves of Valentine, informs her of this. She makes Jonathan vice president, but he visits the office only to inform her that Carol has asked him to marry her, and that he has accepted. That afternoon, Valentine tries her best to disrupt the ceremony , presided over by an increasingly frustrated justice of the peace . Finally, Sam Ransome bursts in and declares that Carol is the mother of his children. The wedding is off, but one of the guests  recognizes Sam and informs Jonathan. The next day, Jonathan outlines to the firm\'s receivership board his bold new plan to get the company back on its financial feet. The board members vote to accept his scheme and return control of the business to him. Valentine is pleased by his display of initiative and drive ... until he tells her that the wedding with Carol is back on. In desperation, Butch produces a forged marriage certificate showing that Valentine and Jonathan are husband and wife. Carol leaves in a huff. After Butch informs Valentine of the deception, she continues the masquerade, much to Jonathan\'s discomfort. When Butch confesses the truth to Jonathan, however, the tables are turned. She flees from her suddenly amorous "husband". However, at the train station, they make peace and get married for real.'] ['Bus driver Stan Butler  agrees to marry Susy , much to the anguish of the rest of the family. Arthur loses his job so Stan, as the main money earner, agrees to delay the wedding while teaching Arthur to drive a bus. Meanwhile there is mutiny at the depot when the Depot Manager installs a new radio control system in all the buses . Jack ([[Bob Grant  tampers with the radio system and crosses the wires with the police frequency and several misunderstandings ensue. Stan and Jack get into various scrapes, including a fire drill and a special tours trip to Windsor Safari Park, all to the exasperation of Inspector Blake ([[Stephen Lewis .'] [" Drew Latham  is a wealthy advertising executive. Just before Christmas, he surprises his girlfriend Missy  with first class tickets to Fiji. She is horrified that he would want to spend Christmas away from his family. Citing the fact that Drew has never even introduced her to his family, she concludes that he will never get serious about their relationship and dumps him. Drew has his assistant send her a Cartier bracelet to apologize. Desperate not to spend Christmas alone, Drew calls all of his contacts to find a place to stay on Christmas, but he is not close enough to anyone to be invited. He tracks down Dr. Freeman  at the airport, hoping to squeeze in a therapy session. The hurried doctor tells him to list all of his grievances and then burn them at his childhood home. The house is now occupied by the Valcos, who wonder what Drew is doing on their front lawn. When he sets his grievances on fire, Tom Valco  sneaks up behind him and knocks him out with a shovel. After he comes to, Drew explains what he was doing and asks for a tour of the house. Thrilled to see his old room, Drew impetuously offers Tom $250,000 to let him spend Christmas with the Valcos. Tom accepts, and Drew's lawyer draws up a contract that requires the Valcos to pose as his family. The next day, Drew forces the family to go out and buy a tree together, requiring Tom to wear a Santa cap in public. While they are trimming the tree, the eldest child Alicia  arrives for the holidays and is stunned by Drew's presence. He suggests that she could portray the maid, since she was an unexpected addition to the scenario. At dinner, Drew writes a script for the family to read at the table. He hires a local actor to play the part of his grandfather, whom he calls Doo-dah . Drew takes Alicia and her brother Brian ([[Josh Zuckerman  sledding the next day. After crashing at the bottom of a hill, he moves into kiss Alicia, who sneezes instead. Recovering back home from their growing colds, Alicia shares a childhood memory with Drew about an old tree that was coated in ice during a storm. Tom asks Drew to leave because he was planning on divorcing his wife Christine . Instead, Drew encourages the couple to indulge themselves. Tom buys a Chevelle SS, which he had when he was in high school, and Christine goes to a photographer for some glamor shots. One evening, Drew takes Alicia to the old tree of her childhood, which he has had covered in ice again. She is touched by the gesture, but Drew overdoes it, bringing in a full pageant production to surround the tree. Disgusted by his lack of restraint, Alicia demands that he leave. Meanwhile, Missy was won over by the bracelet, and when Drew's assistant informed her that he was spending Christmas with his family, Missy visits the Valco's house with her parents. Drew promises the Valco's an extra $75,000 if they will play along for the evening, and they agree to pretend to be his family. The visit between the two families steadily descends into chaos, culminating with everyone seeing Christine's glamor shots manipulated into pornography on Brian's computer. Missy's parents storm out, and Drew informs her that their relationship is over. Alicia finally draws out of Drew the truth about his family. His father left them when he was just four, and every Christmas, his mother would work a double shift at the diner to make extra money. He would spend Christmas Day alone and visit his mom at the end of the night, and she would give him an adult stack of pancakes. He repeated the ritual every year until he was 18, and he has never been in a diner since. His mother died when he was in college. Drew returns to his apartment to spend Christmas alone. Tom visits him to collect his money, and the two decide to go watch the actor who played Doo-Dah perform in the local production of A Christmas Carol. At the play, Tom and Christine decide not to divorce. Drew and Alicia make up outside the theater, and the film closes with everyone eating in a diner together."] ['Legend Barney Oldfield stars in this early Sennett comedy. He races a speeding locomotive to rescue Mabel Normand who plays a damsel in distress tied up on the tracks by evil villain Ford Sterling.'] ['The Stooges are icemen making a delivery at a house atop a long, high staircase—so high that every time they go up, the ice melts to a cube. When their antics cause the servants at their customer\'s house to quit, the Stooges are hired to replace them and prepare dinner for her husband\'s birthday party. Unknown to them, her husband is Mr. Lawrence , whose cakes they had previously wrecked earlier in the day. When the birthday cake they prepare is finished, it is accidentally pierced, and it deflates. The boys "re-inflate" the cake using town gas through the gas stove\'s connection.  During the party, the Stooges sing a "Happy Birthday" song to the tune of "London Bridge is Falling Down"; when Mr. Lawrence blows the out candles, the gas-filled cake explodes. Mr. Lawrence angrily realizes who the new ‘help’ are, and the Stooges are forced to leave in a hurry, sliding down the steps.'] ["Two childhood friends ([[Oliver James  reunite years later to take part in an unusual quest that involves traveling into the woods in search of Ben's high school sweetheart. They are joined by their British rival Nigel  and, as the stakes get higher and the squirrels turn hostile, the hapless trio attempts to navigate a raging river while realizing that sometimes nature isn't all it's cracked up to be."] ['The Stooges are mediocre paperhangers. Their client Mr. Beedle ([[Robert Williams  advises the boys to do a good job, but the end result looks like it was quickly cluttered with paper towels. Beedle is fuming, and threatens the boys, who make a quick escape across the hallway into the laboratory of the insane Professor Panzer  and his assistant Nikko . Panzer is searching for a human brain puny enough to place in the head of his gorilla Igor . Curly becomes the prime candidate, and Panzer locks the boys in his lab in order to secure Curly\'s "contribution." Then Igor gets loose, but takes an instant liking to Curly, which the feeble-minded Stooge reciprocates. Eventually, the boys destroy Panzer\'s lab, and quickly depart—taking Igor with them.'] ['Professor Brainard  is an absent-minded professor of physical chemistry at Medfield College who invents a substance that gains energy when it strikes a hard surface. This discovery follows some blackboard scribbling in which he reverses a sign in the equation for enthalpy to energy plus  pressure times volume. Brainard names his discovery Flubber, a portmanteau of "flying rubber." In the excitement of his discovery, he misses his own wedding to Betsy Carlisle, not for the first time. Subplots include another professor wooing the disappointed Miss Carlisle, Biff Hawk\'s ineligibility for basketball due to failing Brainard\'s class, Alonzo Hawk\'s schemes to gain wealth by means of Flubber, the school\'s financial difficulties and debt to Mr. Hawk, and Brainard\'s attempts to interest the government and military in uses for Flubber. Looking for backers, he bounces his Flubber ball for an audience, but his investment pitch proves so long-winded that most of the crowd has left before they notice that the ball bounced higher on its second bounce than on its first. For a more successful demonstration, he makes his Model T fly by bombarding Flubber with radioactive particles. Other adventures and misadventures result as Flubber is used on the bottoms of basketball players\' shoes  giving them tremendous jumping ability; Brainard  making him an accomplished dancer, and the scheming businessman . Eventually, Brainard shows his discovery to the government and also wins back Miss Carlisle, culminating in a wedding at last.'] ['Jack Spade  returns from the Army to his old neighborhood following the death of his brother, Junebug. The police determine Junebug\'s death to be the result of an "OG", or "Over Gold" — the victim has overdosed on gold chains. A brief image of Junebug is shown featuring him covered, head-to-toe, with gold chains. When not distracted by his old girlfriend and Junebug\'s wife Cheryl , Jack seeks revenge for his brother\'s death. He declares war on "Mr. Big", a powerful local crime lord, who is seen as the person responsible for putting gold chains on the streets of Jack\'s neighborhood. Jack enlists the help of John Slade  Jack\'s childhood idol, who fought bad guys in the 1970s. With John\'s help, Jack enlists an "army" consisting of Hammer  and Slammer , Flyguy , and Kung Fu Joe ([[Steve James . Together with his army, Jack sets out to eliminate the gold chain trade from the streets of his neighborhood and take down "Mr. Big".'] ["A tramp steals a girl's handbag, but when he tries to pick Charlie's pocket loses his cigarettes and matches. He rescues a hot dog man from a thug, but takes a few with his walking stick. When the thief tries to take some of Charlie's sausages, Charlie gets the handbag. The handbag makes its way from person to person to its owner, who is angry with her boyfriend who didn't protect her in the first place. The boyfriend decides to throw himself in the lake in despair, so Charlie helps him out."] ['An honest cab driver, Stan, picks up a woman Anita Garvin and her baby . He doesn’t realize his passengers are crooks. When they get out of the cab without paying and the meter running, Stan follows them aboard a ship, where he exposes the crooks. http://laurelandhardycentral.com/sd.htm'] ["Set in 1910, the film's main character is Ben Harvey : serious about seeing the world, he leaves his home for Chicago, where he meets a woman named Lil, who in reality is the Madam of the bordello Ben mistakes for a boarding house. He also is friends with Adeline, one of the prostitutes. While he tries to find work, Ben encounters other people, including a man named Sullivan, who is involved in shady doings in city government. Suspecting corruption, Harvey and a hard drinking reporter decide to investigate."] ["Warren Nefron  is a klutz who cannot do anything right. He tells his psychiatrist, Dr. Pletchick , his problems. Through a series of flashbacks the viewer sees Nefron's life story. Warren is such a failure that even his many attempts to commit suicide fail. Eventually the psychiatrist uses hypnosis to cure Warren. However, although Warren is now cured, the psychiatrist has experienced transference and now has all of Nefron's problems."] ["Captain Crowther  has five of his crew replaced at short notice before a new cruise voyage begins. Not only does he get the five most incompetent crew men ever to sail the seven seas, but the passengers turn out to be a rather strange bunch too. The SS Happy Wanderer is the cruise ship and after this voyage, Crowther hopes to get a job as captain on a transatlantic ship, promising to take many of the crew members with him to the new ship. Starting off from the United Kingdom, the Happy Wanderer calls at unnamed ports in Spain, Italy and North Africa before going home again. Single ladies Gladys  and Flo  take the cruise, with Flo hoping to find a husband. Bridget  is her usual dotty and entertaining self, and one unnamed passenger ([[Ronnie Stevens  never disembarks but always goes straight to the bar to drink, to forget an unidentified woman. The crew and passengers settle in as the ship leaves port and head chef Wilfred Haynes  finds out he is seasick. Mario Fabrizi makes a quick appearance as one of the cooks under Haynes. Gladys and Flo fall for the PT instructor Mr Jenkins but nothing comes of it, especially when Flo turns out to be hopeless in the gym. Meanwhile, the new men try to impress Crowther but disaster follows disaster with him getting knocked out and covered in food at a party. Meanwhile, ship's doctor Dr. Binn  has fallen for Flo, but she wants nothing to do with him so he serenades her with a song after leaving Italy , which she does not hear as she is asleep. Gladys, who has heard the song, realises that Flo is in love with Binn and with the help of First Officer Marjoribanks  arranges a plot for Binn and Flo to get together. It works and the confident Binn finally confesses his feelings to a gobsmacked Flo, who returns his affections. Crowther lets the five newcomers know that they have improved since the cruise began, simply by doing their jobs and not by trying to impress him. They learn that the Captain has been in charge of the Happy Wanderer for ten years and decide to hold a surprise party for him, with the passengers. Haynes bakes him a many-flavoured cake and the barman cables the former barman for the recipe of the Captain's favourite drink, the Aberdeen Angus. The party goes well and Crowther gets his telegram telling him he has the captaincy of the new ship. He turns it down as he recognises it does not have the personal touch of a cruise ship, and prefers the company of his own crew."] ["When one of the actors on a movie set doesn't show up, Charlie gets his chance to be on camera and replaces the actor. While waiting, he plays in a dice game and gets on many people's nerves. When he finally gets to act, he ruins his scene, accidentally destroys the set, and tears the skirt of the star of the movie."] ["In the 1979 version, the old King, Rudolf IV , dies in a balloon accident upon the celebration of his seventieth birthday. In order to secure the throne, General Sapt and his nephew Fritz travel to London, where the king's son, Rudolf V , resides and lives through the day in London's pleasure establishments; but the King's demented half-brother Michael , thinking that he is the better claimant, sends an assassin after them. Hansom cab driver Sydney  Frewin , the King's bastard half-brother from an affair with a British actress, rescues Rudolf from an assassination attempt. Once his resemblance to the King is noticed, the General engages him ostensibly as the King's coachman, but actually Frewin is to fulfil the role of a decoy. The ruse is quickly uncovered, however, when during an attack by Michael's men the royal guardsmen address Frewin as their new king, and the two look-alikes get acquainted. In an unattended moment, Rudolf is captured and brought to Michael's castle of Zenda. Out of necessity, Frewin has to play the role of the king for the coronation ceremony. Princess Flavia, Rudolf's fiancée , is perceptive enough to see through the ruse, and after Frewin and the General have confided in her, she quickly becomes Frewin's trusted ally and love interest. Complicating the scheme on Frewin's side is a jealous Count whose wife  has become infatuated with Rudolf, and on Michael's side by his mistress, Antoinette, who is wildly jealous about the prospect of Michael marrying Flavia and in turn is the love interest of the slightly unbalanced Rupert von Henzau, Michael's second-in-command. After several assassination attempts, Michael attempts to lure Frewin into a trap. While the trap fails, Frewin, acting as Henzau's coach driver, is recognized and captured upon arrival in Zenda. Frewin and Rudolf escape with Antoinette's and Henzau's help, and Frewin succeeds to the throne, enabling him to marry the Princess Flavia and leaving the now former King, masquerading as Frewin, free to pursue his interests in the Countess and the London gambling tables."] ['Herbert H. Heebert  is a young man who loses his girlfriend, swears off romance, and then takes a job at a genteel, women-only boarding house, run by Helen Wellenmellen . Although most of the women treat him like a servant, Fay  helps him with his fear of women, including Lillian Briggs, the blonde bombshell "Queen of Rock & Roll", who made her Hollywood acting debut in the film.'] ['Stan and Ollie are two sailors on leave who happen upon two attractive girls strolling throughut a park. The sailors invite the ladies for a soda, but soon realize that they only have enough money for three people. Ollie spends an eternity trying to explain this fact to Stan, who cannot grasp that either he or Ollie will have to forgo a soda. Deperate, Stan deposits a coin in a slot machine in the soda shop and ends up hitting the jackpot. With excess money in hand, the boys rent a canoe with the ladies, which results in an all-out battle-royal with other boaters.'] ["The only characters are two Anglepoise desk lamps, one large and one small, inspired by a Luxo brand task-light on John Lasseter's desk . Luxo Jr.  and a bigger lamp are playing with a small inflated rubber ball, chasing it and trying to balance on it, as Luxo  reacts to these antics. The ball eventually deflates due to Luxo Jr. jumping on it; Luxo Jr. is admonished by Luxo, who then finds Luxo Jr. playing with an even larger ball, as Luxo just wonders.Lasseter, J.  cited in Mealing, S. . The Art and Science of Computer Animation. Intellect Books. ISBN 978-1-871516-71-5."] ['Lloyd is a serious young middle-class guy on the make, who wants to marry the boss’ daughter. The problem is getting in to see the boss so that he can ask for her hand in marriage; the office is guarded by a bunch of comic, clumsy flunkies who throw everyone out who tries to get in. When Lloyd gets into the boss’ office, the latter uses trap doors and conveyor belts to expel him; Lloyd then goes to the costume company next door, tries to get in wearing drag , and then in medieval armor – that works, since he bangs everyone over the head with his club, but then he finds out that the daughter has eloped with another suitor. Lloyd decides to be sensible and he settles for the cute switchboard operator  instead. The film includes a brief wall climbing sequence. Light-hearted, short, fast-paced.'] ['Lionel Spalding  is entering the Majestic Hotel, a 5-star Hotel, however only to end up accidentally hosed by Kyle  and Brian , much to the stress and annoyance of the hotel manager and the boys\' father Robert Grant . Robert then grounds the both of them but are promised a holiday afterwards, only to be forced to abandon the trip for a third time by the ruthless hotel boss Mrs. Dubrow,  due to the Crystal Ball where one of the guests is revealed to be a critic who will reward them a sixth star. Just then, "Lord" Rutledge  a jewel thief , arrives with an orangutan named Dunston, intending to steal the guests\' jewelry. Dunston has been trained his whole life and has been wanting to escape Rutledge\'s poor treatment and life of crime ever since. One night, Dunston crosses the line and flees Rutledge, who then bumps into Kyle and quickly befriends him, however neither Robert nor Brian take notice. After Dunston escapes Rutledge yet again, Robert finally encounters Dunston and calls Buck LaFarge  from the Animal Control Unit to kill Dunston. After Kyle saves Dunston, Brian also encounters Dunston and with Kyle\'s help checks him into the hotel, where the 3 of them have fun in the room. Rutledge however detects Dunston\'s room, ties up Kyle with duct tape, and attempts to leave the hotel, attempting to punish Dunston afterwards. Dunston then escapes Rutledge once again and unties Kyle. The two of them attempt to escape the hotel, until LaFarge begins to pursue Dunston, and Rutledge eventually catches up with Dunston. However, Robert manages to confront Rutledge and, with Brian\'s help, defeats him. Meanwhile, Dunston escapes Rutledge, but is cornered by Mrs. Dubrow and Lafarge, but is saved by Kyle and Dunston saves him afterwards. Robert eventually manages to stand-up to Mrs. Dubrow, but is fired in the process. However, Spalding, humiliated and injured by Dunston\'s antiques, is revealed to be the critic and immediately decreases the Majestic from a 5 star to a 1 star hotel. Rutledge is arrested and LaFarge is forced to apologize to Dunston. In the end, Robert, Kyle and Brian go to Bali, to manage the Majestic hotel there, where they\'ve managed to keep Dunston as a pet.'] ['Albert Einstein, the son of an apple farmer in Tasmania in the early 1900s, splits a beer atom with a chisel in order to add bubbles to beer, discovers the theory of relativity and travels to Sydney to patent it. While there, he invents the electric guitar and surfing while romancing Marie Curie. He invents rock and roll and uses it to save the world from being destroyed due to misuse of a nuclear reactor under the watchful eye of Charles Darwin.'] ['Harold Hall, a young man with little or no acting ability, desperately wants to be in the movies. After a mix-up with his application photograph, he gets an offer to have a screen-test, and goes off to Hollywood. At the studio, he does everything wrong and causes all sorts of trouble. But he catches the fancy of a beautiful actress, and eventually the studio owner recognizes him as a comic genius.'] ['Captain S Melly  is put in charge of an experimental mixed-battery during the darkest days of the Second World War. It\'s a relief for Captain Bull ([[David Lodge  to greet his relief but Melly isn\'t prepared for the ball-squeezing Sergeant Major "Tiger" Bloomer  and the randy antics of Bombadier Ready ([[Jack Douglas , Sergeant Tilly Willing  and Sergeant Len Able . Forever feigning illness or hiding in their underground "snoggery", the troops are happily getting to grips with each other rather than the enemy. Most prominent of the females is Private Alice Easy  who tries to charm her new commanding officer but only succeeds in propelling her top button into his system! Private Jennifer Ffoukes-Sharp  pines for "Tiger" while everybody - including little Gunner Shorthouse  - gets a piece of the action. Even after a tip-off to the medical officer, Major Butcher  segregation and rigorous training, the unit is still a shower. However, an inspection by the cowardly Brigadier ([[Peter Jones  and Major Carstairs  is interrupted by an airborne attack and Melly\'s troop prove they are real British bulldogs.'] ["The journalist Ted York  is rushed to Haven Hospital with appendicitis. The ambulance gets there at top speed, but only because the driver wants to know the result of a horse race. Ted is given a bed and is instantly smitten with Nurse Denton . The other nurses are incessantly having to respond to the calls of the Colonel , who has a private room. He is an inveterate gambler and is having his bets placed by Mick , the orderly. That evening, the boxer Bernie Bishop  is admitted after hurting his hand at the end of a bout. The next day, the Sister  galvanises the nurses, orderly and patients for the inspection by Matron  . As usual, she is let down by Nurse Dawson , a clumsy probationer. Matron checks on the progress of the patients, and speaks to Mr Hinton ([[Charles Hawtrey , who is forever listening to the radio with his headphones. Mick and the Colonel bet on how long the Matron will take on her rounds. Ted is visited by his editor and agrees to write a series of articles on his hospital experiences. He realises that Nurse Denton is in love with a doctor, but that her interest is not returned. Bernie is told that he will not be able to box for several months at least. Nurse Dawson is sent to ring the bell to signal the end of visiting hours, but she calls for the fire brigade by mistake. The bookish intellectual Oliver Reckitt  is visited by Jill , the sister of his friend Harry. They clearly like each other, but are too shy to admit it. Bernie urges Oliver to admit how he really feels about her. Bernie's manager Ginger  comes to visit him and tells him that he must try to be more of a showman and not simply go for broke with every match. Nurse Dawson comes in early to sterilise some rubber catheters, but is interrupted by the demanding Colonel. The catheters are put in a kidney dish to boil on the stove. Oliver is furious when the ward has to be cleared and tidied up for Matron's rounds as it upsets his schedule for no obvious purpose. When she arrives everyone begins to smell the forgotten catheters, which by now are burning on the stove. When Matron stops to speak to Oliver, he complains about the disruptive effects that her visits have on the patients. Matron is furious and has the Sister make all the beds again. Jack Bell  arrives to have a bunion removed and is placed on the ward. Jill comes to see Oliver and they admit that they care for each other. She gives him a bar of nougat as a gift, but later that evening it makes him sick. Mr Able complains that he can't sleep as he has been missing his wife. He is put on medication, but it makes him wildly excited and he runs amok in the hospital. Eventually Bernie subdues him with a left hook to the jaw. Bell's operation is delayed, which upsets him greatly as he is planning a romantic weekend. He offers the men in the ward the champagne he was going to drink with his girlfriend. They all get drunk and decide to remove the bunion themselves. The night nurse is tied up and Hinton pretends to be her while the others go to the operating theatre. Jack starts to panic as Oliver prepares to operate, but soon they are all giggling as the laughing gas has been left on. The nurse arrives before any real damage is done. The colonel plays a trick on Nurse Dawson and pins a piece of paper with a large red 'L' on her back. Ted learns that Nurse Denton is applying for a job in America and tries to dissuade her. Jack catches a cold and is told that his operation will have to postponed yet again. Oliver is discharged and leaves with Jill. Bernie is met by his young son and they leave together. Ted is also discharged and makes a date with Nurse Denton. Nurse Dawson and Nurse Axwell decide to get even with the Colonel and replace a rectal thermometer with a daffodil."] ['The film begins as two slackers, Bones Conway  and Jack Kaufman  work at "Crazy Boys" discount electronics store in Glendale, California. While they goof off on the job, both have aspirations of opening their own electronics store in the future. Both are fired though, after destroying a rack of televisions sets. Looking to score some quick start-up money for their store, and believing that the commitment will be minimal , the two join the United States Army Reserves. Bones chooses water purification for their field since his brother was an experienced pool man and the field appeared to be devoid of combat. After surviving basic training, they attend water purification training. The two meet up with Christine Jones  a female recruit longing for infantry, and Fred Ostroff , a skittish dental student. The foursome adopts the nickname of "waterboys". The group then returns to Glendale. What Bones and Jack do not realize, however, was that Libya has been planning an invasion of Chad, and they are consequently called up for service overseas. They first try to get a military discharge by pretending to be homosexuals, but they fail. Upon arriving in Chad, the four do not get along well with the full-time soldiers, particularly Special Forces Sergeant Stern . On a routine mission to resupply a forward base, their convoy is ambushed by a Libyan commando squad. The misfit reserves are thought to have been killed in action and are left to fend for themselves. After a few days lost in the desert, they are captured by the Libyan forces and spend a night in a Libyan POW camp. There the reservists meet up with Sergeant Stern who has been shot and captured in an ambush. He briefs them on his failed mission to rendezvous with two HALOed Fast Attack vehicles and destroy mobile Scud launchers carrying missiles armed with chemical warheads aimed at American bases in the region. During an airstrike, the four reservists and Stern escape and find the Fast Attack vehicles. They make contact with the American headquarters and are ordered to finish the Special Forces\' mission. After locating the missiles, they have a difficult time holding off a battalion of Libyans while painting the missiles with a laser for an incoming airstrike. The airstrike goes off-target, forcing the reservists to destroy the missiles themselves. Bones grabs an AT4 anti-tank rocket launcher and destroys the Scud launcher base in one hit, but not before accidentally firing one rocket backwards, forcing the group to use the last RPG they have. The "waterboys" return home as heroes. At the end of the film, they open up their electronics shop next to an Army recruiting station.'] ['{{plot}} When a master thief, the Tornado, begins stealing expensive artifacts the Government of France assembles a Dream Team of International Detectives to solve the case. Inspector Clouseau  is reassigned from his task as a parking officer by Chief Inspector Dreyfus  to join the Dream Team in Japan, site of the Tornado\'s recent heist. While meeting with Clouseau, Dreyfus ends up being the victim to one of Clouseau\'s blunders; Clouseau discovered the wires Dreyfus set up in his office and set them off, bringing elite unit operatives. Oddly, Clouseau had the password to call them off on his medal : "Damburgert". At the airport, as soon as he is officially leaving France, news breaks that the Pink Panther Diamond has also been stolen . Clouseau travels back to the scene of the crime, where the other members of the Dream Team, Inspector Pepperidge , Vicenzo , Kenji , and Sonia  , are gathering. They go to Rome to investigate a black market fence, Alonso Avellaneda , who deals with The Tornado. Assuming he is The Tornado, the Dream Team question him while Clouseau snoops around. Avellaneda successfully vindicates himself by demonstrating that he lacks a bullet-wound to the right shoulder – the Tornado was shot in that shoulder during a theft over a decade ago. After they leave, Avellaneda meets with the Tornado himself . The Tornado reveals that one of the people on the Dream Team works with him. Later on that night, Clouseau and his partner, Ponton , spy on Avellaneda, using a bug they planted at the table they were sitting, as he takes a date out for dinner. Unfortunately, the mission is compromised when they find Vicenzo and Clouseau\'s love interest, Nicole , together at the restaurant. Having been banned for burning down the restaurant three months earlier, Clouseau disguises himself as a dancer and attempts to switch the bug to Nicole\'s table. In the process, he ends up burning down the restaurant again, thanks to knocking down a flambe a waiter is holding. At the same time, The Tornado steals the Pope\'s ring, an act which begins to turn public opinion against the Dream Team. When Clouseau\'s attempt to recreate the night the ring was stolen ends badly, he is voted off the team, with only Sonia sympathizing with him. Shortly afterward, Clouseau is called to an office where they see the Tornado has killed himself, and left a suicide note claiming he destroyed the Pink Panther – regarding it as being so beautiful that he could not bring anyone other than himself to own it – and left the other treasures to be recovered. Examining a key they found in the Pope\'s Chambers, they successfully match the DNA of the victim with DNA of the Tornado acquired when he was shot, and thus believe themselves to have solved the case. However, Clouseau is unconvinced and believes the Tornado was not the thief. For their victory in recovering the stolen items , a celebration is thrown in the Dream Team\'s honor. Clouseau, after seeing something on Sonia\'s car\'s licence plate, tries to convince Dreyfus that the real thief is still at large, but is ignored. Dreyfus relays to the group that Clouseau told him Sonia was the thief, and the group, treating the idea as a joke, works out a plausible explanation for how she could have done it; as the Tornado\'s ex-lover, she would have in-depth knowledge of his methods, and has set up a plan. She would make the Tornado steal all the other artifacts so all attention would be drawn to him. Then, Sonia could set him up, make him come out of hiding, kill him, forge a suicide note, and keep the Pink Panther, which was the only fencible artifact as it was the only treasure that could be broken down and sold off as smaller items rather than in its most famous form. Nicole suddenly realizes that Clouseau\'s story may actually be feasible, prompting Nicole to ask Sonia to conclude the joke by showing the contents of her purse, Clouseau claiming that the Pink Panther is in her purse. Disgusted by this indirect accusation, Sonia attempts to leave the party. As Sonia tries to leave, Nicole again asks her to take everything out of her purse. Sonia pulls out a gun, and after initially threatening to shoot Nicole, she shoots Clouseau, but the bullet hits the medal of honor he had received, ironically killing a waiter due to a ricochet. She then runs upstairs, with Clouseau and the rest of the Dream Team chasing her around the building, all but Clouseau making fools of themselves through various accidents caused by Clouseau\'s clumsiness. Finally cornered, Sonia threatens to destroy the Pink Panther, and Clouseau successfully goads her to do so. Sonia is subsequently knocked out by Ponton when she tries to flee during the distraction caused by the Pink Panther\'s destruction. Clouseau reveals that she had destroyed a fake gem he had switched with the real one before his departure from France , and that the Tornado, a master thief and a recognized authority on valuable gems, would have recognized this; therefore, his suicide note—where he praised the beauty of the gem in his possession—was forged and he was actually murdered. He reveals that he had given Sonia\'s car a ticket one day before the Pink Panther was stolen, contradicting her alibi of having been delayed to the crime scene because of her flight. Following the arrest of Sonia, Dreyfus tries to claim credit for having appointed Clouseau to his parking job, but Clouseau, remembering Dreyfus told him to deny this to anyone who asked, rebukes the claim. Clouseau later marries Nicole, though the wedding is short-lived after Dreyfus fires the cork out of the Champagne bottle onto a security device, causing elite unit operatives to storm the party in a manner similar to an earlier event in the film; the batteries in Clouseau\'s medal were dead, so he couldn\'t give the password. Clouseau and Nicole ditch the wedding and head for the airport for their honeymoon with the animated Pink Panther watching them leave. The film ends with the Pink Panther looking into the camera and winking (like in [[The Pink Panther  as he walks into the chaotic wedding and closes the door.'] ['The plot begins in a convenience store where two FBI agents and brothers, Kevin and Marcus Copeland , posing as Afro-Cuban clerks, try to capture members of an organization that sells drugs inside ice cream boxes. Unfortunately, the first arrival turns out to be a genuine ice cream delivery, and the actual drug dealers manage to get away. The situation is worsened by the fact that Kevin and Marcus have decided to resolve this bust by themselves. The FBI supervisor, Elliott Gordon , gives the two agents a last chance to remain in the FBI by giving them the duty of protecting the mega-rich billionaire cruise line heiresses and socialites Brittany and Tiffany Wilson , who are arriving in town for the last social event of the summer in the Hamptons, from a kidnapping plot . When the Wilson sisters get minor facial cuts in a car accident, they refuse to leave the hotel. Kevin and Marcus then disguise themselves as the Wilson sisters in order to save their jobs. At the Hamptons hotel, Kevin and Marcus meet Brittany and Tiffany\'s three best friends: soap heiress Karen ; diminutive Tori ; and insecure Lisa , and their rivals, the catty Vandergeld sisters Megan  and Heather . In addition, basketball player Latrell Spencer  takes an interest in Marcus/Tiffany, thinking that he is Tiffany, while Kevin shows interest in reporter Denise Porter . During a charity date auction being hosted by the Vandergelds, a date with Marcus/Tiffany is sold to Latrell for $50,000. The next day, Brittany, Tiffany, Karen, Tori and Lisa go to the beach where Latrell appears at the beach to flirt with Marcus/Tiffany, and Kevin/Brittany takes advantage of the situation and goes to Latrell\'s beach room to change into Latrell\'s clothes and pretends to be Latrell  and asks Denise out because Denise has a history of dating rich men. When Marcus/Tiffany goes on his charity auction date with Latrell, Kevin steals the keys to Latrell\'s car and house and takes Denise to Latrell\'s house where he ends up getting mauled by Latrell\'s dog. Marcus/Tiffany and Latrell end up at a club and meet up with the rest of the girls and Kevin/Brittany who end up in a dance off with the Vandergeld sisters. Marcus/Tiffany and Kevin/Brittany win the dance off by break-dancing. However, Karen, who has been seeing Heather\'s boyfriend Heath, an unemployed, poor actor, behind her back but is constantly mistreated by him, drinks heavily and runs to the bathroom with Marcus/Tiffany and Kevin/Brittany to throw up and lets it slip that Mr. Vandergeld is broke and has had to borrow money from Karen\'s own father. The next day, the real Brittany and Tiffany see their faces on Page Six of the New York Post and think they have been cloned. They go to the Hamptons where their "clones" were seen, and two FBI agents, Agents Harper and Gomez, believing that they are Kevin and Marcus, strip them. This leads to the chief finding out that Marcus and Kevin have been impersonating Brittany and Tiffany and fires them. Later on, Kevin and Marcus figure out that Mr. Vandergeld, along with Heath, has been behind The Socialite kidnappings. Kevin and Marcus decide that even though they are fired, they are going to the fashion show. Marcus/Tiffany and Kevin/Brittany arrive at the fashion show and are informed that they will be walking the catwalk. Also, the real Tiffany and Brittany arrive and hear the same news. Right before taking the runway, Heath tells Karen that he admired her at the dance club and tells her that Heather is leaving that night and Karen should come over for a booty call. Karen tells him that she is better than a booty call and is not his doormat. Heath then says that she should not think herself that special. Marcus/Tiffany than hits Heath in the face, where Heath tells Marcus/Tiffany that she will regret that. During the fashion show, chaos ensues when Marcus/Tiffany and Kevin/Brittany have been tricked by Megan and Heather to wear Björk-like swan dresses on the runway fashion show. Heather and Megan fall from the rafters and the red paint they were going to use to spill on Tiffany and Brittany falls on them instead. Then the real Brittany and Tiffany come out on the runway. Mr. Vandergeld instructs Heath to turn off the lights and kidnap the Wilson sisters, so Heath comes to the stage under a large Chinese dragon costume and kidnaps Marcus/Tiffany and Brittany. Kevin/Brittany sees Marcus/Tiffany\'s shoes under the dragon, runs after it and tackles the entire costume, which releases the captives. Heath is with Marcus/Tiffany and tells him that he said he would get her back and hits on her. Marcus/Tiffany responds back and knocks him out cold. Meanwhile, Mr. Vandergeld takes the real Tiffany and Brittany and tries to run off with them. He is caught up to and confronted whereupon he admits he is bankrupt and has been funneling money from the charity because he is "MC Hammer broke". Denise and her cameraman have been filming the entire time and Mr. Vandergeld shoots at her, but Kevin/Brittany jumps in between and pushes Denise to the ground and out of the way. Mr. Vandergeld then shoots at Marcus/Tiffany, but Latrell jumps in front of the bullet and takes the hit, and is shocked and enraged to discover that Marcus/Tiffany, after unmasking himself, is black . Kevin/Brittany also unmasks himself after Marcus\' wife, Gina, attacks him because she believed that Kevin/Brittany was having an affair with Marcus. The chief then appears to tell Marcus, Kevin and Agents Gomez and Harper that they all disobeyed him, but they did the right thing and the chief expects them all back at the office the next morning. Marcus apologizes to Gina after realizing that being a female is a hard task and because he had been ignoring Gina for his job. Kevin asks Denise out and she replies that she would of course date the man willing to take a bullet for her. The movie ends with Tori, Lisa, Karen, Kevin and Marcus making a pact to stay together and go shopping.'] ["A nobody, comic Kip Cooper does his act on stage in Asbury Park, New Jersey to more snores than roars. He asks out one of the performing Washburn sisters for a date, and finds that Fay's parents once did a vaudeville act that Kip still knows by heart. Kip convinces Fay to do the old act themselves. But when he's offered a solo engagement, Kip grabs it, only to flop and be cheated out of his pay. He takes a small part in a show, lying to the Washburns that he was hired to be the lead, and does an impromptu gag that gets him fired. Fay needs a job, so she joins the chorus of old-time comedian Eddie Eagen's touring show. Kip takes a bit too much interest in Eddie's beautiful and much younger wife, Nancy, who co-stars in the revue. Kip ends up going on for Eddie during an illness, and then becomes his replacement. Eddie attempts a comeback when the show gets to New York, but collapses on stage. Kip's career takes off after that, but what he wants most is for Fay to take him back."] ['Slim  and Tubby  are American cops in London studying police tactics on the London Police Force. A newspaper reporter, Bruce Adams ([[Craig Stevens , gets into an altercation at Hyde Park that was instigated by belligerent men who do not believe in women\'s rights. Vicky Edwards , a suffragette gets caught up in the fray due to the fact that she was the leader of the rally gets arrested. Bruce, Vicky, Slim and Tubby all wind up in jail, where Slim and Tubby are kicked off the police force sfterwards. Dr. Henry Jekyll , Vicky\'s guardian, bails them out. Dr. Jekyll has been conducting home experiments in which he injects a potion and transforms into Mr. Hyde, a monster who murders a fellow doctor when he scoffed at Jekyll\'s experiments. Jekyll has more thoughts of murder when he notices that Vicky and Bruce are mutually attracted. Tubby and Slim decide that in order to get back on the police force they must capture Mr. Hyde. Tubby insists they catch a burglar instead and they chase Mr. Hyde into a music hall, believing him to be a burglar.They begin to chase him with Bruce at their side. Tubby traps Hyde in a wax museum, but by the time he brings the Inspector ([[Reginald Denny  and Slim to the scene, the monster has already reverted back to Dr. Jekyll. The "good" doctor then asks Slim and Tubby to escort him to his home, where Tubby drinks a potion that transforms him into a large mouse. Slim and Tubby bring news of Jekyll\'s activities to the Inspector, who refuses to believe them. Vicky announces her engagement to Bruce and Mr. Hyde reemerges, this time with intent to murder Vicky. Bruce saves her, but Hyde escapes. Tubby accidentally falls onto a serum-filled syringe, transforming Tubby into a Hyde-like monster as well. Bruce chases after Hyde, while Slim pursues Tubby, each believing still that there is only a single monster. Bruce ends up back at Jekyll\'s home, where Hyde falls from an upstairs window to his death, revealing to everyone his true identity when he reverts to normal form. Slim then brings Tubby  to the Inspector. Before reverting to human form, Tubby bites the Inspector and four officers, transforming them into monsters who begin to chase Slim and Tubby.'] ['Virgil Starkwell  enters a life of crime at a young age. The "plot" traces his crime spree, his first prison term and eventual escape, the birth and growth of his family, as well as his eventual capture at the hands of the FBI. His multiple crimes include stealing paines of glass from Jewerly stores, Robbing pet stores, and carving bars of soap into guns to escape from jail. He also robs a man who turns out to be his former friend who reveals he is now a cop, and the movie ends with Woody admitting he got 700 years in prison, but " with good behavior, can get that cut in half" Starkwell grew up in New Jersey, and played the cello  in his towns marching band.'] ['Three men will fight for the love of a charming girl. Charlie and one suitor teams up against the third, and play dirty, throwing bricks and using a mallet. However, Charlie double-crosses his partner, thus losing his trust and the girl in the end.'] ["Laurel and Hardy have no success earning money on a bleak, snowy winter's day, especially when playing In the Good Old Summertime. Their instruments are destroyed in an argument with a woman, but Stan finds a wallet. They are chased by a thief, but are protected by a police officer. Stan and Ollie share a slap-up meal with the cop, but unfortunately, Stan finds out the wallet in fact belongs to the cop. When the policeman discovers this he tells the waiter who throws them out of the restaurant and throws Stan upside down in a barrel of water. Oliver finds Stan who now has an enormous stomach after drinking all the water while trapped in the barrel."] ['The Stooges are artists  living in Paris. When the landlord comes after the overdue rent, the boys skip out and wind up accidentally joining the French Foreign Legion that they confuse with the American Legion. Posted to the desert, their assignment is to guard Captain Gorgonzola from the natives. When the captain is kidnapped, the boys must disguise themselves and try to rescue their captain.'] ['John Farley  is a successful self-help author who returns to his hometown in Nebraska to receive an award. Farley arrives at home and learns that his widowed mother Beverly  is dating his former gym teacher Jasper Woodcock . Farley disapproves of the relationship because he remembers Woodcock as an abusive bully. Woodcock and Beverly become engaged and the majority of the film centers on Farley\'s attempts to convince his mother to break off the relationship. Farley becomes increasingly obsessed with beating Woodcock at various competitions and with proving that Woodcock is not a suitable mate for Beverly. Farley\'s antics are so over-the-top and childish that his new love interest Tracy , a former classmate, refuses to see him again. Farley is set to receive his award at the same ceremony where Woodcock will be presented with an award for "Educator of the Year." Woodcock receives his award first and is praised by numerous members of the community for being a great teacher and influence on children. Farley is incredulous and devotes his acceptance speech to explaining why Woodcock is an "asshole." Woodcock and various crowd members refute Farley\'s points, and Woodcock then challenges Farley to a fight. Beverly witnesses this and breaks up with Woodcock. The next day, Farley has a heart-to-heart conversation with his mother, who tells him that he is self-centered and has always sabotaged her relationships with men. Farley realizes she is correct and attempts to apologize to Woodcock. The two have a final cathartic fight, which leads to Woodcock suffering a concussion. Farley and Beverly visit Woodcock in the hospital and all three seemingly make peace. Farley declares that the key to life is not "getting past your past" but instead learning to embrace your past. He opines that Woodcock\'s rough treatment in gym class helped him become the man he is today. The film ends with several short scenes cut into the final credits. These scenes reveal that Woodcock and Beverly got married, Farley was reunited with Tracy, and Farley wrote a second book entitled Backbone: The Definite Guide to Self Confidence.'] ['The story, which takes place in San Francisco, centers on four identical plaid overnight bags and the people who own them. *One of the bags belongs to Howard Bannister, Ph.D. , and is filled with igneous "tambula" rocks that have certain musical properties. Bannister, a musicologist from the Iowa Conservatory of Music, and his tightly-wound, overbearing fiancée, Eunice Burns , have come to San Francisco to obtain a grant offered by Frederick Larrabee . Howard has a theory that ancient man may have used rocks to create music. Howard\'s rival for the grant is the ethically-challenged, dubiously-accented Hugh Simon , who apparently is from Yugoslavia  but seems to be doing work in Western Europe. *The second bag belongs to Judy Maxwell , and is filled with her clothes and a large dictionary. No matter where Judy goes, trouble happens, from car crashes to spontaneous combustion of hotel rooms. She never finished college, but nevertheless has amassed a considerable amount of knowledge from all of the courses she took at the many institutions of higher learning from which she was expelled. *The third bag belongs to Mrs. Van Hoskins , a rich woman who is using it to store her valuable jewels. *The fourth and last overnight bag belongs to the mysterious "Mr. Smith" ([[Michael Murphy  and contains top-secret government papers. There is at least some indication that he has them illegally and wishes to make them public. The equally mysterious "Mr. Jones" ([[Philip Roth  identifies himself as a being from the government, and is on a mission to recover the documents. Howard, Eunice, Mrs. Van Hoskins, and Mr. Smith all happen to check into the Hotel Bristol at the same time, whereupon Judy lodges herself there without paying and begins pursuing Howard . Two hotel employees  attempt to steal the jewels belonging to Mrs. Van Hoskins, while Mr. Jones attempts to get the bag belonging to Mr. Smith. Over the course of the evening, the bags get switched haphazardly from room to room as the four parties unwittingly take one another\'s suitcases. Howard ends up with the jewels, Judy with the documents, Mr. Smith with the clothes, and the thieves end up with the rocks. Few people ever actually open the bags to confirm that what they think they have is what they actually possess. Meanwhile, Judy manages to secure the grant for Howard while masquerading as Eunice, and then accidentally destroys his hotel room. The following day, everyone makes their way to Mr. Larrabee\'s home where a shooting occurs. Howard and Judy take all the bags and are chased through San Francisco by the thieves, Mr. Smith, Mr. Jones, Eunice, Simon, Larabee and a few roped-in bystanders. They go through Chinatown, down Lombard Street, and eventually into San Francisco Bay. All the protagonists finally end up in court, under the gavel of a world-weary and curmudgeonly judge  who, improbably, turns out to be Judy\'s father, who at the shock of seeing his daughter being involved in this scandal, suffers a heart attack, which causes the judge\'s bench to collapse. In the end, everything is cleared up, Howard gets his rocks back, Mrs. Van Hoskins pays the considerable damages in Howard\'s name with the reward money he would have received for the return of her jewels, the hotel thieves are forced to flee the country and the papers are put back in the hands of the government. Judy exposes Simon as a fraud and plagiarist , Eunice leaves Howard for Larrabee and Judy announces she is taking one more pass at college &mdash; studying Music History at the Iowa Conservatory of Music. The film ends on a suitably romantic  note as Howard and Judy share an airborne kiss while their in-flight movie shows the Bugs Bunny cartoon that gave the film its name.'] ['Paramutual Pictures decides that they need a spy to find out the inner workings of their studio. Morty Tashman  is a paperhanger who happens to be working right outside their window. They decide that he is the man for the job and hire him on the spot. He bumbles his way through a series of misadventures, reporting everything back to the corporate executives.'] ['Agent 11 is a crime-fighting bullmastiff used by the FBI; he partners with his master Murdoch in Seattle. As they go after the Mafia boss, Sonny Talia, the dog attacks him and rips off one of his testicles. Talia is taken to the hospital to have it surgically replaced. As payback, he sends his two bodyguards, Gino and Arliss, out to kill Agent 11. For protection, the dog is sent to a training facility in Alaska. After Agent 11 escapes, he meets Gordon Smith , who works as a mailman. The mailman dislikes dogs and has volunteered to take care of James, the young son of his neighbor Stephanie . Gino and Arliss have continued their search for the dog. Agent 11, who James names "Spot" doesn\'t want to catch balls or frisbees because Murdoch told him not to play when he was a puppy, but he eventually starts to play with the boy James and Gordon like a normal dog. Later, Gino and Arliss try to kill the dog while he is with Gordon and James at a pet store, but he outsmarts them. When the FBI finds out that Spot is living with Gordon, they take him back. The dog escapes and finds Gordon and James again. Talia returns and attempts to kill the dog, but is outsmarted, captured and imprisoned. The FBI agents try to take Spot back., but in the end they decide to let him decide with whom he wants to live. He chooses Gordon and James, although he gives Murdoch a lick goodbye. Stephanie returns and is very upset with Gordon for what had happened, but James convinces Stephanie that Gordon is a good guy, and they end up together. One of the film\'s last scenes is of Talia in prison, his testicles being been replaced by metal balls  that constantly clack together. One inmate calls him "Music Man", and Talia threatens, in a higher voice, "I\'m gonna catch you in the yard. We\'re gonna settle this man to man!"'] ['The film opens in 1922 with Harold Lloyd  behind bars. His mother and his girlfriend, Mildred, consoling him as a somber official and priest show up. The three of them walk toward what looks like a noose. It then becomes obvious they are at a train station and the "noose" is actually a trackside pickup hoop used by train crews to receive orders without stopping, and the bars are merely the ticket barrier. He promises to send for his girlfriend so they can get married once he has "made good" in the big city. Then he is off. He gets a job as a salesclerk at the De Vore Department Store, where he has to pull various stunts to get out of trouble with the picky head floorwalker, Mr. Stubbs. He shares a rented room with his pal "Limpy" Bill, a construction worker. When Harold finishes his shift, he sees an old friend from his hometown who is now a policeman walking the beat. After he leaves, Bill shows up. Bragging to Bill about his influence with the police department, he persuades Bill to knock the policeman backwards over him while the man is using a callbox. When Bill does so, he knocks over the wrong policeman. To escape, he climbs up the façade of a building. The policeman tries to follow, but cannot get past the first floor; in frustration, he shouts at Bill, "YOU\'LL DO TIME FOR THIS! THE FIRST TIME I LAY EYES ON YOU AGAIN, I\'LL PINCH YOU!" Meanwhile, Harold has been hiding his lack of success by sending his girlfriend expensive presents he cannot really afford. She mistakenly thinks he is successful enough to support a family and, with his mother\'s encouragement, takes a train to join him. In his embarrassment, he has to pretend to be the general manager, even succeeding in impersonating him to get back at Stubbs. While going to retrieve her purse , he overhears the real general manager say he would give $1,000 to anyone who could attract people to the store. He remembers Bill\'s talent and pitches the idea of having a man climb the "12-story Bolton building", which De Vore\'s occupies. He gets Bill to agree to do it by offering him $500. The stunt is highly publicized and a large crowd gathers the next day. When a drunkard shows "The Law"  a newspaper story about the event, the lawman suspects Bill is going to be the climber. He waits at the starting point despite Harold\'s frantic efforts to get him to leave. Finally, unable to wait any longer, Bill suggests Harold climb the first story himself and then switch his hat and coat with Bill, who will continue on from there. After Harold starts up, the policeman spots Bill and chases him into the building. Every time Harold tries to switch places with Bill, the policeman appears and chases Bill away. Each time, Bill tells his friend he will meet him on the next floor up. Eventually, Harold reaches the top, despite his troubles with a clock and some hungry pigeons, and kisses his girl. She continues to believe that he\'s general manager of De Vore.'] ['Laurel & Hardy try to sleep in a rent room. Hardy, suffering from a cold, coughs frequently, while Laurel snores. Both of them have trouble falling asleep because of this. They try to solve their problems, but this results in total chaos. The owner of the room (played by [[Charlie Hall  threatens to throw them out. When the duo is back in their room, their air mattress is filled up accidentally with gas and blown up so big that Stan and Ollie are pressed against the ceiling. After they have realized the trouble they are in, they start to panic, at which point the hotel owner and a police officer enter the room. Oliver sneezes and the mattress explodes.'] ['Ten years after the first film, Dr. Arthur Neuman  is giving a tour of the hall of Norse mythology in Edge City Museum. A man in black comes in to view the hall. When Dr. Neuman reaches the part concerning Loki\'s imprisonment, Dr. Neuman mentions that Loki created the mask. He unleashed it on Earth. Dr. Neuman also mentioned Odin punished Loki and the imprisonment, the stranger becomes very angry and transforms, revealing himself to be Loki . The tourists panic and flee, but Dr. Neuman stays to argue with the angry god. Loki takes his mask, but realizes it is a fake. In anger he removes Dr. Neuman\'s still talking face from his body and puts it on the mask\'s stand before getting rid of the guards and storming out of the museum in a whirlwind of rage. In a town called Fringe City, Tim Avery , an aspiring cartoonist at an animation company, is feeling reluctant to become a father. He has a beautiful wife, Tonya , and a best friend, Jorge , who is very shy around women. Tim has a close relationship with his dog Otis , who finds an ancient mask in a creek and brings it to his owner\'s house. At the island, Loki was relaxing until Odin confronts him and orders his son to find the mask. Loki asks Odin to help him, however, Odin tells Loki that this is his mess and he has to clean it up. Tim puts on the mask for a Halloween party, transforming into a party animal that is similar to the mask character from the first film. Tim notices Jorge\'s crush, Sylvia standing alone in the back, eagerly confronts her, and has her stripped out of her costume and into a skimpy red suit. Sylvia falls into Jorge\'s arms, which pleases them both. When the company party turns out to be a bore, Tim uses his mask powers to perform a remix of "Can\'t Take My Eyes Off You", therefore making the party a success, and giving Tim\'s boss the idea for a new cartoon. Tim returns to his house and, while still wearing the mask he conceives a baby. The baby, when he is born, has the same powers as Loki. Meanwhile, Loki is trying to find the child born from the mask, from his father Odin  possessing a store clerk, saying if he finds the child, he will find the mask. Later, Tonya goes on a business trip, leaving Tim with the baby. Tim, who has been promoted at work, desperately tries to work on his cartoon at home, but is disrupted by baby Alvey. In order to get some peace and quiet, Tim lets Alvey watch TV, which shows Michigan J. Frog. Alvey devilishly obtains the idea to mess with his father\'s head by using his mask powers. Meanwhile, Otis the dog, who has been feeling neglected by Tim because of Alvey, dons the mask by accident and becomes a crazed animal version of himself, who wishes to get rid of the baby but all his attempts are overturned by alvey. Tim starts to notice his son and dog\'s wild cartoonish behavior, when Alvey starts harassing him. Eventually, Loki finds the mask-born baby, and confronts Tim for the mask back,and is thwarted again and again by Alvey who uses the power of mask, Loki then kidnaps Alvey for in exchange of the mask where at last everything is set straight by Alvey who chooses his parents even though Loki tries to lure him with toys. Odin loses his patience and begins to banish Loki, but Tim confronts the powerful Norse god and tells him that the most important thing in life is a relationship with your family, and Odin accepts Loki as a son, even without the mask in their power. Tim\'s cartoon, based on his own experiences, is a hit, and Tonya reveals that she is pregnant again before the film closes.'] ["It's been 17 years since Oscar Madison and Felix Unger have seen one another. Oscar is still a compulsive gambler and an untidy slob, now living in Sarasota, Florida, but still a sportswriter. One day, he is called by his son Brucey with an invitation to California for his wedding the following Sunday. A second shock for Oscar—the woman his son is marrying is Felix's daughter, Hannah. On the flight from New York to Los Angeles, it becomes clear that Felix hasn't changed his ways—he's still a fussy, allergy-suffering nuisance. Oscar and Felix are reunited at the airport and very happy to be together again—at least for a few minutes. They take a rental car to San Malina for the wedding. But the trip begins with Oscar forgetting Felix's suitcase at the Budget car rental, including the wedding gifts and wardrobe inside. Oscar also loses the directions to San Malina when his cigar ash burns them. He and Felix become hopelessly lost on their way, unable to even remember the name of the town where they are headed. They end up in the desert, where the car rolls off a cliff and catches fire. If that were not enough, they get arrested several times by the local police, first for driving a truck carrying illegal Mexican immigrants, and then for being inside a $150,000 vintage Rolls Royce Silver Wraith with a dead man. Irritated, exhausted and convinced that they'll never get to the wedding, they get arrested yet again for consorting with armed Rednecks who believe Oscar and Felix were flirting with their wild women Thelma and Holly. The boys are freed and driven to the local airport by the police, who are only too pleased to be rid of them. Felix and Oscar make it to the wedding, but not before Felix falls for a woman on the airplane. Her name is Felice Adams, the sister of Oscar's ex-wife, Blanche.  They arrive to find that Brucey is having second thoughts about the wedding due to his parents' bad history with marriage. Felix and Oscar argue with their ex-spouses, after which Oscar persuades his son to go through with it. Felix's suitcase is returned and the wedding goes off without a hitch. The next morning, Felix and Felice leave on one flight and part ways with Oscar, who returns to Florida. Oscar is telling his poker friends about the wedding when the door bell rings. It is Felix, who says things with Felice didn't work out. Felix wonders if he could move in with Oscar until he finds his own place. Oscar says no, but eventually he relents. Before long Felix is cleaning up the apartment and Oscar is overcome with a sense of having been through all this before after thirty years."] ['The Stooges work at Dimsal\'s Drug Store in Ithaca, New York, where they befriend Schuyler Davis , the owner of the shop next door, who is attempting to build a time machine. With the boys\' "help", the machine transports the boys, Schuyler and disaffected girlfriend Diane Quigley  back in time to Ithaca in ancient Greece during the reign of the lecherous King Odius . The King, after defeating and imprisoning Ulysses because the Stooges are believed to be gods, has a yearning for Diane. Realizing they have disrupted the proper course of history, Schuyler and the boys free Ulysses, after which Odius banishes them to the galleys, where Schuyler builds impressive muscles while constantly rowing. After an escape and shipwreck, they kill a monster with the help of Joe\'s sleeping pills and start billing Schuyler as Hercules at a local gladiatorial arena. The real Hercules  gets wind of their game and confronts them, but after single combat the Stooges convince Hercules to help them rescue Diane in a chariot chase. The time travelers remove the king and, navigating by observing the progress of military technology, manage to set history straight by dumping him off during Indian dominated American Old West where a band of warriors chase him off into the distance.'] ["Two people meet in a park (Cora, played by Myrna Loy and William 'Bill' Overton, played by [[Robert Taylor  and at the time are both poor. As they start talking, they become acquainted and each discovers that the other is also poor. They try to get 50 cents to eat at a restaurant down the street but a man complains to the police that they are asking for money. When the policeman comes to them, they convince him to give them 50 cents by saying that they are engaged . While walking down the street they drop the money without knowing it. When their restaurant bill comes to 50 cents, they suddenly realize they must have dropped the money or lost it. Someone leaves a coin on the table, Bill tells Cora to steal it, which she does. Bill spots a slot machine in the restaurant and tells Cora to gamble, which so she does and wins. After winning the money, Bill and Cora go to a casino and win a car in a game and make more money gambling. One night the two get drunk and marry, the next day they get up and find out they are married. Bill gets a job but he still gets the urge to gamble; Cora doesn't care to live that life so she leaves Bill and goes back to her father then Bill goes to her father's house to get her back and he does."] ['Bobby Boucher is a socially inept, stuttering water boy with hidden anger issues due to constant teasing and excessive sheltering by his mother, Helen . He became the water boy for the  University of Louisiana Cougars{{cite web}} after being told his father died of dehydration in the Sahara while serving in the Peace Corps. However, the players always torment him and the team\'s head coach, Red Beaulieu , eventually fires him for "disrupting" his practices. Bobby then approaches Coach Klein  of the South Central Louisiana State University Mud Dogs and asks to work as the team\'s water boy. Coach Klein has been coach of SCLSU for years without success, after his brilliant playbook was stolen by Red Beaulieu. Bobby\'s mother Helen tells Bobby of the evils of football and forbids him to play. After being picked on again by his new team, Coach Klein encourages Bobby to strike back, which leads to him tackling and knocking out the teams quarterback. Coach Klein convinces Bobby to enroll as a student at SCLSU and play for the team, which he agrees to do as long as nobody tells his mother after Coach Klein shows Bobby his tattoo of Roy Orbison, encouraging him to clandestinely go against his mother\'s wishes. Bobby quickly becomes one of the most feared linebackers in college football, hitting opposing players with injury-causing force. The Mud Dogs manage a winning streak and earn a trip to the annual Bourbon Bowl to face the Cougars and Coach Beaulieu. Bobby\'s newfound fame also allows him to rekindle a relationship with his childhood friend and crush, Vicki Vallencourt , who has been in prison multiple times. However, Helen forbids Bobby from seeing her again. Coach Beaulieu reveals that Bobby never finished high school, making him ineligible for college and football. However, Bobby manages to pass his GED exam, despite his mother\'s objections about him going back to college. She then fakes falling ill to keep Bobby from playing, but eventually relents after witnessing the town residents\' support for Bobby. The next day, Helen tells Bobby the truth what really happened to his father and why she was faking her illness. Years ago, he changed his name to Roberto and left her for a voodoo priestess, while she was pregnant. This in turn lead Helen to excessively sheltering him all his life. She was afraid Bobby was going to leave her, too, and tried to keep him all to herself by hiding him from everyone else who depended on him. Helen realizes the best thing for her to do is let him go since he has made a lot of friends and encourages him to play in the Bourbon Bowl. Arriving at halftime of the Bourbon Bowl with Helen and Vicki, Bobby manages to encourage the losing Mud Dogs to make a comeback. The team admits that he has become the heart and soul of the Mud Dogs. Seeing the overwhelming support at the Bourbon Bowl, Helen changes her mind about football being for the devil. With Bobby\'s help, Coach Klein overcomes his fear of Red Beaulieu by imagining him as something he\'s not afraid of. This helps Klein create spectacular new plays that allow the Mud Dogs to catch up. Helen helps the cheerleaders out by making coffee and it helps keep their energy up as they cheer their fans on to rally, while Vicki is seen giving out water to the Mud Dogs. During the final play, Bobby throws a touchdown pass and the Mud Dogs win the Bourbon Bowl. Bobby is named the MVP of the game. Sometime later, Bobby and Vicki get married and are heading to the riding lawn mower. Although Helen still has some reservation on Vicki, she admits he\'s got a fine woman who\'ll take care of him. On their way out Bobby\'s father, Roberto, makes an unexpected appearance, telling him that he heard from ESPN that he may go to the NFL. Bobby tells him that he\'s not going to the NFL because he wants to stay in school and graduate. Roberto tries to convince Bobby to leave school and go to the NFL, hoping to personally profit as his father. However, an enraged Helen charges in and tackles him, causing cheers from the attendants. Bobby and Vicki leave to consummate their marriage.'] ['The Stooges are inept plumbers at Day and Nite Plumbers. Moe is busy reading "How to Be a Plumber" when the phone rings with a request to fix a leaky faucet at the home of the wealthy Norfleets . The leak happens to spring up while the Norfleets are throwing a dinner party to celebrate the acquisition of a $50,000 Van Brocklin painting. Moe struggles with the pipes in the basement while Shemp manages to trap himself inside a maze of pipes in the bathroom. Larry is assigned to finding the water cutoff and proceeds to dig up most of the lawn in an attempt to turn off the water. Shemp later surmises that the pipes fail to work properly because they are "clogged up with wires." Shemp and Moe proceed to remove the electrical system from the pipes and connect a water pipe to the freshly available pipe. The cook , who is in the kitchen trying to prepare an extravagant meal for the Norfleets, watches in bewilderment as the stove and chandelier gush water. "This house has sure gone crazy!", he exclaims. As the Norfleet\'s house transforms into Niagara Falls, two party guests named Mr. and Mrs. Allen ([[Kenneth MacDonald  manage to swipe the prized Van Brocklin painting. The Stooges manage, however, to catch onto the Allen\'s scheme and retrieve the painting. When the grateful Norfleets offer the Stooges a handsome reward, Shemp says they don\'t want the reward, Moe asks him what Shemp is saying, Larry agrees with Shemp and tells Moe they don\'t want anymore money. Shemp claims it would put them in a higher tax bracket and Moe proceeds to bracket Shemp\'s head and destroys the pipes in process in anger.'] ["In Mexico, Detectives Laurel and Hardy are on the trail of the evil Larceny Nell, but they get distracted by a group of gangsters. One of the gangsters notices Stan's remarkable resemblance to Don Sebastian, the great bullfighter."] ['Jack Moniker  is a Chicago firefighter who gets injured on the job. Using his disability money, he decides to retire and live the good life in a small Caribbean island called Saint Nicholas. He buys a small amount of property there and lives among other washed-up personalities such as Anthony Croyden Hayes . Appointed by the British crown as governor of St. Nicholas, Hayes is more concerned with vacationing than governing. Miss Phillipa Lloyd , who is visiting St. Nicholas with some sailor friends of hers, decides to stay permanently and becomes Jack\'s girlfriend in the process. He playfully refers to her as "Miss Philadelphia". Jack befriends financially troubled reggae musician Ernest Reed , and they together form "Club Paradise," which they market as a Club Med-style resort complete with a brochure that features photographs of Jack in various disguises on every page. This attracts a handful of tourists, including Barry and Barry  who are there for the pot and the women. Much of the film involves the tourists\' comic misadventures adjusting to island life and the low-rent facilities of Club Paradise. Also travelling to the island is New York Times travel writer Terry Hamlin  who ends up spending most of her time in the company of Governor Hayes. Adding to the fun is suburban housewife Linda White , who is vacationing with her plastic surgeon husband Randy . She tries her hand at just about everything the island has to offer, incuding cliff diving lessons from two handsome instructors, Christopher and Helmut. Voit Zerbe  plays a key role, as a developer who wants to run Jack and Ernest off their property so he can build a massive high-end casino on the beach as part of a deal he\'s making with two business partners - one Swiss, the other Arab. To do that, he uses the help of the local prime minister Solomon Gundy  and the prime minister\'s men to cause trouble and get Club Paradise to close "legally." Jack and Ernest go so far as to sneak aboard Zerbe\'s yacht to provide some "useful intelligence" for Governor Hayes by finding out what is going to happen to the future of Saint Nicholas. They skin dive to the yacht  where they are captured by local police and thrown in jail. When Prime Minister Gundy\'s strong arm tactics don\'t work, he orders a military takeover of the island. Ernest builds up a resistance force, and St. Nicholas is soon threatened with the possibility of civil war, which is averted at the last minute with assistance from Jack and Governor Hayes. When Gundy\'s takeover fails, Zerbe and his partners leave Saint Nicholas and head for the Cayman Islands. Jack is then inspired to create a new tagline for the club: "Club Paradise: Your Hot Spot for Fun With Guns in the Sun."'] ['After escaping from the railroad police after stowing away on a train, the Stooges befriend a champion wrestler named Ivan Bustoff . His trainers, who are part of the mob, have a large bet placed on Bustoff to win the big match. But Bustoff likes to go out drinking, and after a wild night out with the boys ending in Bustoff downing "a little bit of tequila, vodka and cognac" and passing out drunk, the mobsters hire/force the Stooges to become Bustoff\'s managers and get him to the ring sober. In the locker room at the arena, the boys are trying to wake Bustoff up, but end up knocking him out with dumb bells and causing the locker to fall on him.  In fear, the Stooges substitute Curly, who possesses a tendency to get violent in reaction to the smell of Wild Hyacinth. This can be used to their advantage. But the subsequent wrestling match is not a good time for Curly as he performs poorly. Moe then spots a bottle of Wild Hyacinth from a woman spectator and gets it from her. . The Wild Hyacinth is then applied to Curly, and soon the challenger is knocked out cold along with nearly everyone else in attendance as Curly goes on a rampage using the match bell as a cudgel. The bell then slips out of Curly\'s hands and lands on his head, knocking him out as well.'] ['The film continues the misadventures of two young executives, Larry Wilson  and Richard Parker , and their deceased boss, Bernie Lomax . In the first film, Larry and Richard were forced to create the illusion that Bernie was still alive in order to avoid being killed themselves. In the sequel, Larry and Richard plot to use Bernie to find the embezzled $2 million he had buried at the U.S. Virgin Islands. Before stuffing the body into a suitcase and heading for fortune, however, Bernie is partially revived in a botched voodoo ceremony and made to walk toward the hidden treasure whenever he hears music. Larry and Richard are also on the run from the mob, as well as two flunkies of the voodoo lady, and a representative from the insurance company sent to recover the embezzled $2 million, who usually ends up questioning his sanity whenever he sees a walking Bernie, convinced Bernie has died. Richard is administered poison by the "mobu", and must find the treasure by sundown to get the antidote. Larry befriends a lovely native girl named Claudia , whose father is a medical doctor who can cure Richard if he can get the blood of a virgin . The mobsters and voodoo lady are arrested, and Bernie is last seen leading the flunkies in a carnival parade, who have been transformed into goats by voodoo. Larry returns the $2 million to the insurance company, but not before learning Bernie actually stole $3 million. Larry and Richard use the remaining million to purchase a yacht with a crew of attractive women. After the credits roll, one last shot is seen of Bernie wearing numerous gold chains and riding a shark into the sunset.'] ['Dangerfield plays Jake Puloski, a comedic and friendly prison warden who runs a privately owned prison for white-collar criminals and less serious offenders. The trouble starts when Puloski\'s plans for renovating his rundown prison are ruined by his superior, Eli Rockwood , a greedy businessman who inherited the prison from his deceased parents, who rejects his budget request. Rockwood also informs Puloski that his contract as prison warden will not be renewed, which means that Puloski will be forced to retire in two months. This comes at the same time that Rockwood is in the midst of selling his company to the very wealthy Gloria Beaumont . Without the funds for a proper remodeling, Puloski decides to approach the problem by allowing a group of prisoners, Mile-Away , Next-Week, Jerk-Off , and Ears , to leave the prison to burgle a sporting goods store owned by Rockwood (on the condition that they are "back by midnight" before the guard Smitty . The plan meets many surprises however, complicating Jake\'s plan, including excitable store clerk Lance  and a sadistic security guard  with his vicious guard dog named Princess. As Jake distracts Smitty, the four bungling prisoners break into the store, distract the store\'s guard dog Princess with the prison\'s guard dog whom they had fed viagra to earlier that night, and make off with their stolen gym equipment, but on the way back to the prison one of their truck tires goes flat. As Ears and Jerk-Off look for a tire jack in a farm house, Next-Week and Mile-Away try to fast-talk their way past Sheriff Jack Hubbard , who it turns out is an old school chum of Mile-Away. Jerk-Off finds love with the farmer\'s sheep, alerting farmer Baxter , who comes out with a shotgun, sending Jerk-Off and Ears running away with no tire jack. As Sheriff Jack Hubbard and Mile-Away reminisce, Next-Week changes the truck tire with the tire jack Sheriff Hubbard loaned them. After picking up Ears and Jerk-Off from the side of the road, the four convicts head back to the prison. The next morning, the store security guard discovers that all the store\'s exercise equipment has been stolen, and his beloved dog Princess was "a slut". Sheriff Hubbard inspects the crime scene, promising Rockwood that he will catch the culprits. The security guard informs them that one of the security cameras was still operational and they may have footage of the culprits; however when they view it they find it has only footage of the two guard dogs. At the prison, the convicts are ecstatic with their new equipment and Jake feels very proud of himself. His team of burglars tells Jake that they think they should get the other items the prison needs by robbing the other fifteen stores owned by Rockwood in the area, justifying it because Rockwood had been fiddling with their budget in the first place. Jake agrees to the plan since he has only two months left of his contract anyway. As Jake distracts Smitty at the strip clubs, Ears, Jerk-Off, Mile-Away, and Next-Week rob Rockwood\'s other stores of their cash to pay for the renovations to the prison. Rockwood meets with Mrs. Beaumont to discuss their merger, while Mrs. Beaumont\'s pet monkey makes quick work of destroying Rockwood\'s office. Jake throws a Valentine\'s dance at the prison, inviting the wives and girlfriends of the convicts, where Next-Week introduces his girlfriend  and her friend Veronica  to his cousin Carlos . Veronica figures out that the convicts stole money from Rockwood to afford all the changes to the prison and Carlos has to kiss her to keep her quiet. Inside the dance, a riot breaks out due to another inmate stealing Jerk-Off\'s inflatable date, resulting in a scuffle , and a fistfight between the inmates. At the police station, Sheriff Hubbard discovers that a shoe left by Jerk-Off at the farm belongs to a prisoner uniform at Rockwood\'s prison. He goes to investigate, visiting Mile-Away and after a scene of interrogation Sheriff Hubbard leaves. Mile-Away warns Jake and Jake tells him to spread the word that there will be no more burglary jobs. Rockwood, however, has other plans. Along with Sheriff Hubbard, he creates a trap for the burglars in the form of a big weekend sale. The convicts read about the sale and decide to pull one last job to have some cash for themselves once they re-enter society. But Carlos demands to be a part of the job because he had to kiss Veronica to keep her quiet about the jobs, leaving Jerk-Off out of the job. At the store, Ears drills into the safe but Next-Week mistakenly leaves his cousin Carlos to roam. Carlos breaks into jewelry cases trying to take them but trips the alarm. Upon opening the safe, they find the safe is empty, then run outside and are caught by Sheriff Hubbard and the rest of the police department. Mile-Away escapes in the van to warn Jake. Mile-Away admits that they pulled one last job and Jake admits that Rockwood was firing him. Jerk-Off and Mile-Away enter the sheriff\'s department disguised as guards and manage to free Ears, Carlos, and Next-Week, escaping in the prison van, and entering a high-speed chase with Mile-Away riding with Sheriff Hubbard chasing the other burglars. Jake shows up at Rockwood\'s house trying to confess to the masterminding the burglaries but Sheriff Hubbard calls Rockwood from the road, hot on the burglars\' trail. Rockwood decides to chase down the burglars himself. Rockwood grabs a gun and has Jake ride with him, who are joined by Mrs. Beaumont, who has an odd attraction to criminals and high speed chases. The chase ends at the prison where Ears, Jerk-Off, Next-Week, and Carlos zoom through the gate pretending to be prison laundry returning. Rockwood follows them in and notices the changes to the prison and realizes Jake masterminded the robberies. Rockwood says he will turn Jake in until Mrs. Beaumont comes into the prison and tells Rockwood how much she loves how well he treats the prisoners. Mrs. Beaumont says after seeing how he runs his prisons she definitely wants to merge her company with his and have Jake oversee all the prisons. Jake agrees and tells his gang that they need to stop the robberies permanently. A year later Jake narrates, saying he retired and finally took the fishing trip he and Smitty had always talked about. Carlos and Next-Week were released first and were greeted by their women Veronica and Next-Week\'s girlfriend. Ears was released and led a decent life until he cheated on a game show using his super hearing and won a million dollars. Jerk-Off was married to his inflatable girlfriend and started a family; they had an inflatable baby boy. Mile-Away became Sheriff Hubbard\'s deputy and became a great crime fighting duo "when they weren\'t chasing criminals they were chasing each other."'] ['Francis Bigger  is a charlatan faith healer, convinced that "mind over matter" is more effective than medical treatment. During a lecture, he stumbles offstage and is admitted to the local hospital. In hospital he incessantly groans and whinges about being "maltreated" and demands better treatment than the other, eccentric patients: bedridden layabout Charlie Roper  who shams illnesses to stay in hospital; Ken Biddle  who makes frequent trips to the ladies\' ward to flirt with his love interest, Mavis Winkle ; and Mr Barron ([[Charles Hawtrey  who seems to be suffering sympathy pains while his wife awaits the birth of their baby. He also meets two very different doctors. Clumsy yet charming Dr Kilmore  is popular with the patients and loved from afar by the beautiful Nurse Clark ; hospital registrar Dr Tinkle is universally detested, as is his battleaxe Matron , who harbours an unrequited love for him. After Bigger\'s arrival, novice nurse Sandra May , arrives at the hospital with her intention to declare her  love for Tinkle, and enters his room, violating hospital rules that female staff are not permitted in the male quarters. Matron and Kilmore burst in on her declarations of love, which are cruelly rebuffed by Tinkle. Matron throws Nurse May out, and she leaves while tearfully announcing she\'d rather die than live without Tinkle. Dr Tinkle fears for his position after this incident, and contrives with Matron to get rid of Kilmore and Sandra May, lest they reveal the truth. Shortly after, Sandra May climbs on to the roof of the nurses\' home to sunbathe in her bikini top. Dr Kilmore and Nurse Clark assume she is going to throw herself off the roof in despair after Tinkle\'s rejection. Kilmore rushes to save her and climbs on to the roof. He realises she is sunbathing and prepares to leave, but Sandra assumes to her horror he is leering over her, and shrieks in fear. Her screams attract attention and soon the entire hospital staff and townspeople flock to watch. Nurse Clark attempts to help Kilmore before he falls off, but he accidentally tears her skirt off, leaving her in her underwear and stockings. Kilmore crashes through a window to safety, but lands in a bath... with a nurse in it, who assumes he is attacking her. His good reputation is destroyed among everyone except his patients. Dr Kilmore is given a hearing with the hospital governor, but Matron and Tinkle deny his revelation of Sandra May\'s fight with Tinkle. As Sandra May has left the hospital, Kilmore has no proof to support him and is forced to resign. Nurse Clark reports the Tinkle and Matron\'s treachery to the patients, and together they decide to exact revenge upon the doctor and Matron for what they have done.'] ['Pat Riley  is an obnoxious job-hopper of indeterminable sex who is searching for a steady foundation in his/her life. Pat encounters Chris , a person of similarly indeterminable sex, and the two fall in love and get engaged. Meanwhile, Pat\'s neighbor, Kyle Jacobsen , develops an unhealthy obsession with unveiling Pat\'s sex and begins stalking him/her. Kyle sends in a tape of Pat performing karaoke to a TV show called America\'s Creepiest People, bringing him/her to the attention of the band Ween, who features him/her in one of their performances playing the tuba. Pat becomes distraught when he/she learns that Ween intended to only use him/her for one gig, then breaks up with Chris, and discovers that his/her laptop diary has been stolen. Later, it turns out that Kyle stole Pat\'s diary, and he tries coercing Pat into revealing the computer\'s password so he can access the files. Pat\'s only answer is that the word is in the dictionary. Kyle then begins typing in every single word in the dictionary. Meanwhile, Pat is harassed by a gang of thugs intent on discovering his/her sex, and Pat becomes distraught over his/her androgynous nature. He/she goes to complain to his/her friend, Kathy , host of a radio talk show and therapist, but the station fires Kathy and hires Pat due to his/her acerbic reactions to call-in listeners. Kyle ends up going through the entire dictionary until he reaches the last word, "zythum" , which is the password. After reading through the diary, he discovers no new information in regards to Pat\'s gender, and finally snaps. Kyle calls Pat on his/her radio show, and tells him/her to meet him at the Ripley\'s Believe It or Not! Museum if Pat ever wants to see his/her laptop again. Pat arrives to find Kyle dressed exactly like him/her. Kyle demands that Pat remove his/her clothes, and Pat runs off into a Ween concert. After Kyle corners him/her on a catwalk, Pat falls and his/her clothes get caught on a hook, tearing off his/her pants and lowering him/her in front of the cheering audience . Kyle is subsequently taken away by security guards. Pat then runs to see Chris just as he/she is leaving on an ocean liner, and the two get married in an epilogue.'] ["While filming on location at a race track, womanizing bit actor Spencer Holden, who lives life on one scam after another, overhears a couple of inept thugs named Binky and Turnip while they dope a race horse with a supposed undetectable super stimulant. The thugs find out that Spence overheard them and will do anything to catch him so that he won't go to the authorities with the information. Spence, however, enlists the help of his best friend, drive-in carhop and aspiring restaurateur Dennis Powell, to bet on the race with that horse so that they can make some guaranteed money. Spence and Dennis end up not only having to outrun the thugs, who manage to put a few bullet holes in Spence's car, but also the police after they find Spence's bullet riddled car and after the race horse, Sorry Sue, ends up dying from the drugs. Throw into the mix an antique player piano of which Dennis comes into possession, sympathetic but naive auction house employee Ellen Frankenthaler who is attracted to Dennis, and exotically beautiful Claudia Pazzo who is interested in buying the piano and who Spence can't resist, and Spence and Dennis may be in more trouble than they could have imagined."] [' The Stooges play the roles of unsuccessful actors who have decided to end it all by jumping off a skyscraper. On top of the building, they discover three girls with an unsuccessful dancing act who have also decided to jump. The Stooges immediately fall in love with the girls. The six distraught lovers are still planning to jump when they suddenly hear piano music playing. They leave the ledge to go find the source of the music. On a lower floor they discover a piano-playing millionaire who is looking for a talented act. He promises them a significant amount of money if they are good. Their act is a success with the millionaire, who doubles their salaries and says, "The way I throw my money around, I bet you think I\'m crazy!" As if on cue, two men in white coats come to take him back to an asylum. He wants to go "by train," and one of them gives him a toy locomotive; as they escort him away he says, "Choo choo choo..." Realizing that the millionaire truly is crazy, the boys themselves lose it completely.'] ['The film follows the concept of a play within a play, in this case a dreadful farce Nothing On — the type of production in which many doors continually open and shut. The setting has been transplanted from the backcountry of Great Britain to Des Moines, Iowa, where a second-rate theatrical troupe is preparing to perform the Broadway-bound play under the direction of Lloyd Fellowes. Among the cast members are fading star Dotty Otley, scatter-brained actor Garry Lejuene, insecure matinee hearthrob Frederick Dallas, myopic leading lady Brooke Ashton, second female lead Belinda Blair, and alcoholic character actor Selsdon Mawbray. Frantically working behind the scenes are Tim Allgood and Poppy Taylor. The film opens with the final dress rehearsal before opening night, with the cast still forgetting lines, missing cues, and mishandling props. Lloyd is reduced to cajoling, yelling at, and pleading with them to get things right. Complicating matters are the personal problems and backstage relationships that have fostered jealousy and petty squabbling and intruded upon any professionalism this motley crew can muster. As the company works its way to New York City, the eccentricities of the cast come to the fore and the performances on the road dissolve into chaos on and backstage.'] 