["ChromeSkull: Laid to Rest 2 picks up three months after the end of the first film. Tommy , who's struggling with vivid memories of his first encounter with the masked killer, has been abducted by Preston , who harbors a mysterious connection to ChromeSkull . Meanwhile, the technologically savvy slasher, who videotapes his victims as he's killing them, has set his sights on Jess . After the young girl disappears, Detective King  races against time to find her and Tommy before it's too late and try to put an end to ChromeSkull's blood-soaked legacy."] ['The film opens with a woman walking her dog down an empty, darkened city street. As she passes by a manhole, she is attacked by a creature, and the dog is pulled in after her. George Cooper ([[John Heard  lives with his girlfriend Lauren . George, a once-prominent fashion photographer, has since forgone the fame and fortune. His current project is photographing New York City\'s homeless population, specifically those known as "undergrounders", or people who reside within the bowels of the city. A police captain named Bosch  is introduced. Bosch has a personal interest in the recent flood of missing persons  being reported to his precinct. Bosch interviews A.J. "The Reverend" Shepherd ([[Daniel Stern , who runs the local homeless shelter. Shepherd believes recent events to be a part of a massive government cover-up and has the evidence to prove it. Bosch\'s superiors know more than they are letting on and seem to be taking their cues from an overly glib, weasely type named Wilson , who works for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. It turns out there are monsters lurking beneath the streets; beings that were once human, but radioactive, chemical toxic waste has mutated them into hideous, flesh-eating creatures that prey on the homeless who live in the underground. Given the recent drop in the underground transient population, the creatures have resorted to coming to the surface through sewer manholes in order to feed. Through a series of events, both George and A.J. find themselves trapped in the sewers, a reporter gets involved , and Lauren has a problem with both a clogged shower drain and an unexpected visitor that comes up through the sewer access point that she unfortunately decides to open in the basement of her apartment building. Then, through the dangerous investigative efforts of both A.J. and George, the absolute horror is revealed: The Nuclear Regulatory Commission is directly involved in the slaughter that has been going on. Although the political bureaucracy has forbidden the NRC to transport the toxic wastes through New York because of the large-scale danger to the public, it has secretly been hiding the waste by-products beneath Manhattan in abandoned subway tunnels. Unfortunately, the underground homeless population has been coming into contact with these by-products, turning them into the mutated creatures. It is this secret that Wilson guards to the extent of having a mysterious and threatening lackey disrupt A.J. from making phone calls to the press. This thug then locks A.J. in an underground access tunnel either to suffocate from the gas to be used to asphyxiate the C.H.U.D.s, or to leave him to become their prey. Wilson is clearly willing to kill to protect his employer\'s secrets—even a cop. Later that evening at a diner, two police officers enter and while the waitress and the two are discussing, the monsters return and attack the diner inhabitants Captain Bosch argues with Wilson over how to deal with the threat: Wilson wants to seal the sewers, open up some gas lines, and asphyxiate the C.H.U.D.s despite the inherent danger to the city. Wilson, after being overwhelmed by Bosch decides to shoot him and activates the truck in reverse in order to stop George and AJ but they escape from the manhole just in time as Wilson pass them over. AJ finds Bosch\'s gun and shoots and kills Wilson before he runs over them, then the truck explodes as it falls on the manhole, Bosch is still alive and George, Lauren, and AJ are saved.'] ["One day after the events of Friday the 13th Part III, police and paramedics are busy cleaning up the mess that deformed mass murderer Jason Voorhees has left at Higgins Haven, including himself. Once delivered to the Wessex County Hospital morgue, it turns out that Jason is still alive. He rises, kills the morgue doctor, Axel, by sawing his neck with a bone saw, and then a nurse, Morgan, with a stab to the stomach, and heads back to Crystal Lake. A group of friends Paul, Sam, Sara, Doug, Ted, and Jimmy, have rented a house on Crystal Lake. On the way there, the group passes Mrs. Voorhees' tombstone and a female hitchhiker. After the group drives off the hitchhiker becomes Jason's next victim, stabbed in the throat while eating a banana. Next to the rental house is the Jarvis home. The group meets Trish and Tommy when they arrive. The next day, the group befriends twins Tina and Terri, who live in the area, and they all go skinny dipping at Crystal Point. Trish and Tommy, driving by, stop to see who is at Crystal Point and the group invites Trish to a party that night. Trish's car breaks down a bit further along the road, and they are helped by Rob, a hiker with mysterious reasons for visiting Crystal Lake, who soon becomes good friends with Trish and Tommy. Next door, the kids are enjoying themselves by dancing and listening to music. With four girls and four boys, each now has a date. However conflict ensues as some of the kids switch dates. These conflicts prove to be the least of their troubles as Jason predictably stalks and kills them one by one. Sam goes out skinny dipping and is impaled from under a raft. When Paul goes out to be with her, he is stabbed in the groin. Terri decides to leave early, and is about to get on her bike, but a spear gets rammed into her back. After sleeping with Tina, Jimmy decides to celebrate with a bottle of wine. While searching for a corkscrew, Jason emerges and impales the corkscrew into Jimmy's hand and then drives a meat cleaver into his face. Upstairs, Tina, looks out the window and is grabbed and thrown two stories down, landing on the car. While a stoned Ted watches vintage stag films, he gets too close to the projector screen and is stabbed in the head with a kitchen knife though the screen from the other side. After Doug and Sara finish making love in the shower, Jason attacks Doug, crushing his head against a shower tile. He then kills Sara by driving an ax through the front door when she tries to escape. At the Jarvis house, Trish and Tommy find their mother missing, so Trish goes to Rob for help. Rob explains that he's seeking revenge for the death of his sister, Sandy Dier . Trish and Rob take Gordon, the Jarvis family dog, next door to see what's going on. Tommy is left at home, and finds Rob's newspaper articles about Jason. At the house, a frightened Gordon jumps through a second story window. Jason kills Rob in the basement, and Trish flees back to her home intending to warn Tommy. After a long chase in and between the houses, Tommy shaves his head and makes himself up to look like Jason, which is effective in distracting Jason long enough for Trish to be able to attack him with his machete. She drops the machete as Tommy picks it up and swings it at Jason's head. Jason then falls to the floor, causing the machete to cut further into his head. As he embraces his sister, Tommy sees Jason's fingers begin to move, loses control and begins hacking Jason repeatedly with the machete, while Trish screams his name. The final scene of the film has Tommy visiting Trish in the hospital, and as they embrace and hope their nightmare is over, with a bizarre shot of Tommy psychotically looking towards the camera, kind of like the thousand yard stare.  An alternate ending to the film, included in the 2009 Deluxe Edition DVD, shows a dream sequence where Trish and Tommy wake up the next morning after killing Jason to the sound of police sirens. Trish sends Tommy to summon the police who have arrived next door. At that point she notices water dripping from the ceiling and goes to investigate. She enters the upstairs bathroom, and finds the body of her mother floating in a tub full of bloody water. Trish lifts her mother out of the tub, prompting Mrs. Jarvis' eyes to open, revealing them to be solid white and devoid of irses. Jason suddenly appears from behind the bathroom door and prepares to attack Trish. Trish then suddenly wakes up in the hospital in a scene reminiscent of the ending of the first movie. In his commentary, the director says this scene was cut because it interfered with the idea that this would be the final film."] ["It is 1982 and Lizzie Borden High School is host to the tenth-year reunion of the class of 1972. Their fun is murderously interrupted by the psychotic Walter Baylor who bears a grudge against his former classmates for a prank committed against him ten years ago. The motley crew of '72 set out to uncover who amongst them is committing the killings."] ['Shortly after the events of Hostel, Paxton  is suffering from nightmares and lives in seclusion with his girlfriend Stephanie . The two get into an argument where Stephanie announces Paxton\'s paranoia as insufferable and exaggerated. She awakes the next morning to find her boyfriend decapitated. An unmarked box  is then delivered to Elite Hunting boss Sasha , as he relaxes at an outdoor cafe with his bloodhounds. In Italy, three art students, wealthy Beth , tough Whitney , and outcast Lorna  are convinced by Axelle , a nude model they are sketching to join her on a vacation to a luxurious spa. The four travel to a small Slovakian village and check into the local hostel, where the desk clerk uploads their passport photos to an auction website, and American businessman Todd  submits the winning bids on Whitney and Beth for himself and his passive best friend Stuart . Later that night, at the village\'s "Harvest Festival", Lorna discovers that Beth has inherited a vast fortune from her mother. Stuart approaches Beth and the two share a friendly, albeit awkward, conversation. An intoxicated Lorna is taken for a boat ride, resulting in her kidnapping. Beth and Whitney leave the party, while Axelle volunteers to stay behind and wait for Lorna. Whitney wants to sleep with local Miroslav  but Beth talks her into calling it a night. The next morning, the now naked and gagged Lorna is hung upside down with her ankles and wrists tightly shackled. A woman named Mrs. Bathory  enters the room, undresses, and lies beneath Lorna. She then uses a long scythe to repeatedly slash Lorna\'s back and torso, and revels in bathing in Lorna\'s blood, before fatally slashing her victim\'s throat. Beth, Whitney, Axelle and Miroslav go to the hot springs spa to relax, where Beth falls asleep. She then awakens to find herself alone and her belongings stolen. As she looks for her friends, she notices several men approaching and surrounding her. Fearing for her life, she flees, but is ambushed by a gang of violent street children. However, Axelle and Sasha appear and ward them away from her. Sasha then murders one of the children as punishment. At a factory, Whitney is strapped to a chair in one of the cells. An older lady comes into the room and tries to tend to her facial wounds, stating that she is making her \'nice for the client\'. She attempts to escape by leaning forward and biting off the nose of the woman, then taking her keys. However, since Paxton\'s escape, the security at the factory has increased significantly. Beth is taken to a mansion, where she finds a room filled with heads, with Paxton\'s head at the center of the room. She is then taken to a room in the factory and is strapped to a chair. Stuart enters and explains about Elite Hunting. He unties her from the chair and almost decides to escape with her but then knocks her out. Whitney is taken to Todd\'s cell and strapped to a chair, where he gleefully terrorizes her with a circular saw but loses his nerve after accidentally cutting through part of her skull. Horrified by what he has done, Todd tries to leave without finishing off Whitney but one of the guards reminds him that he is contractually obligated to kill her and cannot leave until he does so. Todd angrily refuses, prompting the other guards to turn some savage dogs loose and maul him to death. The Elite Hunting representatives try to find someone to finish with Whitney, inquiring whether an Italian cannibal  who is eating Miroslav alive and a man who has his victim chained to an electrified metal bed are interested. Stuart, now torturing Beth and blaming her for Todd\'s death, takes the offer on Whitney and decapitates her with a machete . As he returns to finish off Beth, she seduces him into releasing her from the chair, then fights him off and chains Stuart to the chair, driving a needle into his ear canal and screaming for the gun-drawing guards to "get Sasha!". Beth makes the Elite Hunting boss an offer: she will pay the full fee to become a customer. When she is told that she must kill somebody to leave, Beth suddenly turns into a stone cold killer. She cuts off Stuart\'s genitals throwing them to the guard dogs, leaving him to bleed to death, as he screams in pain. Per the standard contract, Beth is given an Elite Hunting tattoo. In the closing sequence, Axelle is lured from the village festival into the woods by the street children, where Beth surprises and beheads her, allowing the gang to play soccer with her head.'] ['In an isolated farmhouse, a woman named Dorothy Yates lives with her husband. Dorothy has just been released from a mental institution after it was found she was a cannibal who killed and partially ate at least six people in 1957. Her husband, Edmund Yates was convicted as well but we come to find out that he only faked his dementia in order to remain with his wife. He was a truly devoted husband who loved his wife dearly but really had nothing to do with the actual murders in 1957 and in the present. Now it is 1974 it seems as if Dorothy has had a severe relapse. She secretly lures lonely young people to her Haslemere, Surrey home, promising tea and a tarot card reading, only with the session ending with a violent murder and "feast". Jackie,  began to suspect her stepmum, Dorothy, rather early in the film and juggles her family ties while at the same time, trying to control her stepsister, Debbie . Debbie rides with a violent bike gang and has apparently inherited her mum\'s appetite for human flesh herself. Debbie became involved in a fight with her boyfriend and a barman after closing time near one of London\'s hip nightclubs. The bike gang leave when spotted by customers but Debbie hid the body in a car shelter before the police arrived. Debbie has severe arguments with Jackie about where Jackie goes at night. She learns  that Jackie has been visiting her parents in Haslemere. Debbie finds out where they live and she and boyfriend  flee to the countryside home to be reunited with mum and dad. They are a family again and plan to plot against Jackie, who kept Debbie from them.'] ['The film centers around a rapist and murderer who stalks his victims and then calls them repeatedly before raping and killing them. A feminist TV anchor becomes suspicious and investigates one of her neighbors, who she believes is committing the crimes.http://exclamationmark.wordpress.com/2007/10/26/eyes-of-a-stranger-1981/'] ['Three years after the events that happened in California, Laurie Strode  had been sent to a psychiatric hospital after it is revealed that she had beheaded a paramedic instead of Michael; the paramedic had located the body of Myers in the dining hall of Laurie\'s school, but Myers had attacked the paramedic, crushed his larynx so he wouldn\'t cry out and forcefully switched clothing and his mask. Myers then goes into hiding for the next three years. On October 31, 2001, still in captivity, Laurie pretends to be heavily medicated, behaving as though she had extreme dissociative disorder. In fact, she hides her pills and prepares herself for the inevitable confrontation with Michael. Meanwhile a security guard named Willie finds his boss\' decapitated skinned head in the washing machine and is then killed when Michael slits his throat. When Michael finally appears, Laurie lures him into a trap, as she attempts to kill Myers, she second guesses herself, to make sure that it is really her brother this time. Myers takes advantage, and stabs her in the back on the roof. She then kisses him and finally says, "I\'ll see you in hell" and falls to the ground to her death. Michael then returns home to stay. His mission is complete after over twenty years of searching and hunting Laurie down. The following year on October 30, 2002, Michael is living in a section of tunnels below his childhood house. Six college students - Bill Woodlake , Donna Chang , Jen Danzing , Jim Morgan ([[Luke Kirby , Rudy Grimes , and Sara Moyer  - win a competition to appear on an Internet reality show directed by Freddie Harris  and his assistant, Nora Winston , in which they have to spend a night in the childhood home of Michael Myers. Their mission is to find out what led him to kill. Sara\'s friend Myles "Deckard" Barton  watches the broadcast during a Halloween party. On the day of Halloween, they start to search the entire house for something that can provide a clue to Michael\'s past, and decide to separate into three groups to cover more areas. The event goes horribly wrong as Michael returns home, and kills Charley the cameraman by stabbing him in the neck with a camera tripod. Later on, Bill is stabbed in the head, Donna is impaled on a metal spike, Jen is decapitated, Jim\'s head is crushed, Rudy duels with Michael and is pinned to a door with 3 knives, and off screen, Nora is strangled with a cord and stabbed in the stomach. All these people die, and Myles realizes the deaths are real while the rest of the party claims they are staged. When Myles starts helping Sara get out the house, Freddie runs into her and also helps \'kill\' Michael. Michael survives and stabs Freddie. When Sara fights Michael with a chainsaw, she cuts some sparking wires which start a blaze. After this, Freddie arrives and fights with Michael and electrocutes him, then manages to save Sara\'s life as she is trapped under a tables of heavy wires. Michael\'s house is burned to the ground as Freddie and Sara flee. In the final scene of the movie, Michael\'s body is sent to the morgue. As the coroner opens the body bag, Michael\'s eyes suddenly open showing that he is still alive and a scream can be heard.'] ["Todd and Terry are twins. They are blonde, cute, bright and identical in every respect, with one exception. One of them is a murderer. This starts one night at a drive-in theater when a teenager was slaughtered in the back seat of his car while his girlfriend watched. Todd is found guilty for the heinous crime and is locked away in an asylum. Years passed and Terry lives happily with his mother , who smothers him with enough love for two sons. All is fine until one Thanksgiving when they receive news that Todd escaped. Terry goes on a killing spree to ensure that Todd goes back to the asylum. His first kill is his mother's fiancée, when he chops off his arm with a machete, before stabbing him to death. Meanwhile, Dr. Berman and her assistant, Jackie, go out in search for Todd. Jackie meets a sticky end, when he is stabbed by Terry. Dr. Berman also suffers the same fate. Whilst in the woods looking for Todd, she comes across Terry, who cuts her in half with the machete, leaving her to die. After the killings, Terry changes from his bloody T-shirt in to a vest. He then proceeds to the place where his new neighbour, Andrea, is babysitting a young newborn baby. They then begin a mini relationship, until the parents come home. Whilst that was happening, a friend of Terry's, Karen , bumps into Todd thinking he is Terry. So when Todd announces himself to her, she panics and runs away, telling her friends. Karen later tells Terry about seeing his brother. He then disappears into the night in search for him, whilst Karen, Gregg, Brad go back to Andrea's house for a party. Terry tells Maddie that Todd has escaped. She starts to panic. Meanwhile Todd comes across Dr. Berman's split body and breakdown over it, trying to move the body back together. Back at the young born baby's house, the parents are looking forward to a night together - until Terry knocks on the door. The father answers the doors and is decapitated. The mother goes to check where the father is and discovers his head hanging from a rope. Suddenly, Terry jumps out of nowhere and kills her. Later on, Andrea and Gregg leave the party to play tennis. They are unaware that Terry is watching them. They both leave soon after and have sex on the diving board by the swimming pool. Terry surprises them and kills them. He later meets up with Brad and Karen. Brad goes off to find the now dead Gregg and Andrea. When getting in the car, he meets Todd, who asks him to help him get Terry as he is killing people. Brad doesn't believe him, that is until Todd holds a gun up at his head. Karen and Terry meanwhile are have a sexual moment together. Brad knocks at the door and Terry answers it and sees Todd holding a gun at him. Todd later disappears. Brad and Terry go running off to find Todd, but Brad meets his maker when Terry stabs him in the neck with a carving fork. Karen finds Terry and discovers his secret, when he attempts to kill her. He chases her all over the place, and in the process, she discovers Brad's body. She runs to the young baby's house and discovers the mother's corpse. She takes the baby and runs for her live when Terry enters the house. Whilst all that is happening, Maddie finally discovers Terry's secret when she finds his bloodied T-shirt in the bin. She goes in search of her fiancée, only to discover him dead. The final showdown between brothers comes at the swimming pool and they both battle for survival. They both tumble into the water, Todd becomes weak and almost drowns. Maddie then appears and shoots Terry - killing him. Maddie and Todd embrace. Although Maddie thinks she has killed Todd, and when Todd tell her who he really is, she picks up a gun and shoots herself in the head. Karen, shocked, runs away, whilst Todd's fate is unknown as the police arrive making the audience wander what will happen to him now."] ["In Hong Kong, Cheng Lai-sheung  works two jobs with the hope of earning enough money to buy her own apartment with a view of the Victoria Harbor.<ref namehttp://www.variety.com/review/VE1117942962.html?categoryid1&nidVariety|titleJune 14, 2010|accessdateHoeij, Boyd von}} In mixed chronological order, we see scenes from Lai-sheung's life. In her childhood, her family and friends are evicted from their low-rent housing so that developers can turn it into expensive, seaview flats. Later in life, she vows to buy her mum and dad a new flat, but is unable to fulfill her promise before her mother dies. When her father becomes ill, she begins searching in earnest for a new place, finally fixating on the expensive building that now stands where she previously lived with her family. The flat costs millions, though, and the bank will only give her a 70% mortgage. The payments would reach over $15,000, and her two part-time jobs might not permit her to pay that. Unfortunately, because of an oversight in declaring her father's medical history, she no longer has insurance to pay for his expensive treatment. Thus, Lai-sheung must get a second job to save enough money for the flat of her dreams. Though she saves enough for a down-payment, her fathers medical bills become excessive. Lai-sheung asks her married lover to loan her some money for medical bills, but he refuses. One night, her father has trouble breathing; instead of giving him his oxygen, Lai-sheung allows her father to die. The insurance payment adds enough money to her current savings for her to purchase her dream flat. She immediately calls her real estate agent and agrees to take the flat at No 1 Victoria Bay. On her way to finalise the agreement, there is a hike in the stock market that makes the owners decide to raise the price. This sends Lai-sheung into a devastating frenzy where she attacks people who live in the high-rise, killing them with low-tech and household items. First, it is a security guard, whom she suffocates with a zip-tie. Next, she goes upstairs and kills a pregnant woman, her in-house helper, and her cheating husband. Upon hearing loud music from the upstairs flat, Lai-sheung goes up a floor and kills the five people partying in the apartment. During the course of these attacks, Lai-sheung is scratched on the face and stabbed in the ankle. She forms a tourniquet with her sock and another zip-tie. The police arrive at the flat, demanding entry. A struggle ensues, and both officers are  killed. Lai-sheung returns to her day job, and receives a call from her agent. He claims that the owners of the flat wish to sell after all. Lai-sheung suggests that they might want to sell for a much lower price, since there were 11 murders in the building the previous evening. That night, Lai-sheung's lover comes round to pick her up, but she turns her back on him and walks away, ending their relationship."] ['Several teenage boys in Galesburg, Illinois are murdered, each apparently by a different killer. Local policeman John Brady  investigates. The victims are sons of men who previously collaborated with John to investigate the unethical experiments of Galesburg University professor Dr. Le Sange , who was reportedly killed years previously but still gives lectures via old films. Le Sange\'s research is being continued by Gwen Parkinson . Unbeknownst to John, Gwen has enlisted his son Pete  as a research subject. Gwen\'s "experiments" involve mind control, turning the subject into a programmed killer. John, whose late wife had worked for Le Sange, becomes convinced that Le Sange is still alive and is waging a vendetta against those who wronged him.'] ['Dan Gallagher  is a successful, happily married New York attorney living in Manhattan when he meets Alexandra "Alex" Forrest , an editor for a publishing company, through business. While his wife, Beth , and daughter, Ellen , are out of town for the weekend, he has a passionate affair with Alex. Though he thought it was understood to be a simple fling, she begins clinging to him. Dan explains that he must go home and Alex cuts her wrists in a suicide attempt. He helps her to bandage them and later leaves. He thinks the affair is forgotten, but she shows up at various places to see him. She waits at his office one day to apologize and invite him to the opera, but he turns her down. She then continues to telephone until he tells his secretary that he will no longer take her calls. She then phones his home at all hours, and then confronts him saying that she is pregnant and plans to keep the baby. Although he wants nothing to do with her, she argues that he must take responsibility. She shows up at his apartment  and meets Beth, feigning interest as a buyer. Later that night, he goes to her apartment to confront her about her actions which results in a violent scuffle. In response, she replies that she will not be ignored. Dan moves his family to Bedford, but this doesn\'t deter Alex. She has a tape recording delivered to him filled with verbal abuse. She stalks him in a parking garage, pours acid on his vehicle, and follows him home one night to spy on him, Beth, and Ellen from the bushes in their yard; the sight of their family life literally makes her sick to her stomach. Her obsession escalates further. Dan approaches the police to apply for a restraining order against her , to which the lieutenant claims that he cannot violate her rights without probable cause and that the adulterer has to own up to his adultery.  At one point, while the Gallaghers are not home, Alex kills Ellen\'s pet rabbit, and puts it on their stove to boil. After this, Dan tells Beth of the affair and Alex\'s pregnancy. Enraged, she asks him to leave. Before he goes, Dan calls Alex to tell her that Beth knows about the affair. Beth gets on the phone and warns Alex that if she persists, she will kill her. Without Dan and Beth\'s knowledge, Alex picks up Ellen at school and takes her to an amusement park, buying her ice cream as well as taking her on a roller coaster. Beth panics when she realizes that she doesn\'t know where Ellen is. She drives around searching and rear-ends a car stopped at an intersection and is slightly injured and hospitalized. Alex later drops Ellen off at the Gallaghers\' house, asking Ellen for a kiss on the cheek. Dan barges into Alex\'s apartment and attacks her, choking her and not too short of strangling her. He stops himself, but as he does she lunges at him with a kitchen knife. He overpowers her, but puts the knife down and leaves, with Alex leaning against the kitchen counter, smiling. He approaches the police about having her arrested, and they start searching for Alex to bring her in for taking Ellen. Following her release from the hospital, Beth forgives Dan and they return home. Beth prepares a bath for herself and Alex suddenly appears, again with the kitchen knife. She starts to explain her resentment of her, nervously fidgeting  and then attacks her. Dan hears the screaming and runs in, wrestles Alex into the bathtub and seemingly drowns her. She suddenly emerges from the water, swinging the knife. Beth, who went searching for Dan\'s gun, shoots her in the chest, killing her. The final scene shows police cars outside the Gallaghers\' house. As Dan finishes talking with the cops, he walks inside, where Beth is waiting for him. They embrace and proceed upstairs as the camera focuses on a picture of Dan, Beth, and Ellen.'] ["Michael Myers, who survived the explosion at the end of Halloween II and has been in a coma since, escapes while being transferred via ambulance between sanitariums, killing the driver and paramedics. Prior to escaping, Michael learns that Laurie died in a car accident and that she has a daughter, Jamie Lloyd. He returns to Haddonfield to try and kill her. Dr. Samuel Loomis, Michael's old psychiatrist, who also survived the explosion 10 years earlier, learns of Michael's escape and resumes his pursuit to try to stop his murderous patient. He follows Michael to a small gas station and eatery, where Loomis learns Michael has killed a mechanic for his clothes, along with a clerk. Michael then escapes in a tow truck and causes a small explosion, destroying Loomis's car in the process. Loomis is then forced to hitchhike to Haddonfield. Meanwhile, in the town of Haddonfield, Illinois, 8-year old Jamie Lloyd is living with her foster family, the Carruthers, who happened to be close friends of Laurie's. It is Halloween and Jamie's foster parents, Richard and Darlene, are heading out for the night and foster sister Rachel is forced to babysit - causing her to miss her date with her boyfriend Brady. Jamie knows about her uncle, Michael Myers, but is unaware he is the strange man she has been having nightmares about. After school, Rachel and a now-teenaged Lindsey takes Jamie to buy ice cream, a Halloween costume and Michael has already arrived to Haddonfield, and almost attacks Jamie in the drug store. That night, Rachel and Jamie go trick-or-treating and Michael goes to the electrical substation and murders a worker by throwing him into live high voltage parts, plunging the town into darkness. Dr. Loomis arrives in town and joins forces with the Sheriff of Haddonfield, Sheriff Meeker. Michael single-handedly takes down a police station and slaughters the police force; later, a group of men form a lynch mob to hunt down Myers. Rachel discovers her boyfriend Brady cheating on her with the Sheriff's daughter, Kelly, and loses Jamie. After being chased by Myers, Rachel meets up with Jamie and both are found by the Sheriff and Dr. Loomis who warns them about Michael. They take Rachel and Jamie to Sheriff Meeker's house with Kelly and Brady, and a deputy. They lock and board up the house, and Loomis departs to look for Michael. With Meeker in the basement awaiting the arrival of the state police, Michael enters the house quietly, undetected by everyone in it and begins to murder everyone. He kills a deputy off-screen, and then murders Kelly by impaling her with a shotgun. Rachel discovers the carnage, and races upstairs to get Jamie, but she is gone. Brady and Rachel realize they are trapped in the house, and Rachel finds Jamie. Michael appears and struggles with Brady, before breaking his neck and killing him. Michael then chases Rachel and Jamie up to the attic. They climb through a window onto the roof and Jamie is lowered down safely, but Michael attacks Rachel and knocks her off the roof. Jamie has little time to mourn, because Michael begins pursuing her. She runs down the street, screaming for help and runs into Dr. Loomis; they take shelter in the school. Michael appears and throws Loomis through a glass door. Michael then chases Jamie through the school, and running in a panic, she trips and falls down a flight of stairs. Michael is just about to kill his helpless niece, when Rachel appears, alive, and sprays Michael in the face with a fire extinguisher. The lynch mob and the state police arrive at the school after hearing the alarm and four men from the mob agree to take Jamie and Rachel over to the next town in a pick-up truck. Michael has hidden on the underside of the truck; he climbs into the bed of the truck and kills the men, including the driver. Rachel is forced to drive, continuously attempting to throw the killer off. She succeeds in doing so, and finally rams him with the truck, sending him flying into a ditch near an abandoned mine. The police arrive and as Jamie approaches Michael and touches his hand, he rises. The police shoot Michael until he falls down the abandoned mine and is presumed dead. Jamie and Rachel are taken home and Darlene and Richard - who have arrived home - console their traumatized children. Darlene goes upstairs to run Jamie a bath, and Jamie dons a clown mask and stabs her foster mother with a pair of scissors . The film ends with Jamie standing at the top of the stairs with the scissors in her hand, covered in blood, with Dr. Loomis screaming as Richard, Rachel and Sheriff Meeker stare in horror."] ['People trying to sell an isolated mansion with a dark history in Massachusetts are being stalked and killed by an escaped maniac. But who is this deranged murderer and why do the local townspeople act so strange?'] ['During an all-girl secret society initiation, one of the new members is killed playing Russian Roulette. Many years later, the survivors are invited to a reunion at a lavish estate, which turns out to be owned by the crazed father of the girl who died.'] ['On Christmas Eve of 2005, the Mason family is enjoying Christmas dinner when Santa Claus  comes down the chimney and kills them all. Some of the deaths include Santa stabbing a man\'s hands to the table with steak knives, causing a girl to faint and fall back into a sharp pole that impales through her neck, Virginia\'s head is set on fire and is then drowned in eggnog, a man tries to fight Santa and gets pushed into a glass case and dies, Santa then grabs a leg from the table and smashes in a woman\'s head as she pleads, "I\'ve been good!", the last girl tries to escape but Santa throws a star into her back, and lastly the man who got stabbed in the hands get a turkey leg lodged down his throat. This opening scene includes bit roles from several famous Jewish actors, including James Caan, Fran Drescher, Chris Kattan, and Rebecca Gayheart. Riding on his sleigh driven by his "hell-deer", Santa arrives at Hell Township and proceeds to kill the locals in various holiday-themed ways. In one of his slaughters, Santa kills the occupants of a local strip club frequented by Pastor Timmons ([[Dave Thomas , a crooked minister who manages to survive the massacre. Later, Santa murders the local Jewish deli owner Mr. Green  using his own menorah. Meanwhile, teenager Nicholas Yuleson ([[Douglas Smith  is living with his crazy grandfather , a crackpot inventor who has created a bunker in their basement to survive Christmas. When Nicholas asks Grandpa why he hates Christmas, he is shown "The Book of Klaus", which reveals the origins of Santa Claus. Apparently, Santa was the result of a virgin birth produced by Satan . Christmas was "The Day of Slaying" for Santa until, in 1005 AD, an angel defeated Santa in a curling match and sentenced Santa to deliver presents on Christmas for 1000 years. This means that Santa is free to kill again in 2005. Upon arriving at the scene of Mr. Green\'s murder, Nicholas is taken to the police station for questioning. He is bailed out by his girlfriend Mary "Mac" Mackenzie , just before Santa arrives and kills all of the officers. Santa pursues them in a police car, but they are able to escape . They flee to Mr. Yuleson\'s bunker, with Santa still in pursuit. Nicholas and Mac manage to escape, care of Grandpa\'s snowmobile, but Grandpa is run over by Santa\'s "hell-deer" and killed. The two teens hide from Santa in a local high school, hoping that Santa\'s powers will end when Christmas ends, but are eventually forced to confront him in the gymnasium. They are almost killed by Santa on a Zamboni but are saved by Grandpa, who is actually the angel that originally defeated Santa. With Christmas ended and his powers gone, Santa flees in his sleigh but his "hell-deer" are shot down by Mac\'s father with a bazooka. Pastor Timmons is found dead in a Santa suit and is presumed to be the killer, while in fact the real Santa Claus is boarding a flight from Winnipeg to the North Pole. After the credits, Santa is looking over his naughty list, when he looks into the camera and says "Who\'s Next?"'] ["Although this film is a remake of 1962's Carnival of Souls, it bears little resemblance to the original aside from the ending. This film centers on Alex Grant  who witnesses her mother's rape and murder by a carnival clown named Louis Seagram ([[Larry Miller  on January 24, 1977. Twenty years later, Alex fears for her life, worrying that Louis might come after her and her younger sister. One day Louis returns after being released from prison for murdering Alex's mother and tries to kill Alex. Alex drives the car that she and Louis are in into the river, then she begins to have hallucinations, she begins to lose her mind as Alex is now plagued by nightmarish visions of Louis Seagram and the same carnival where she met him. Alex is then drawn into a ghoulish and deadly game of cat and mouse with Seagram at the carnival."] ['The film begins with a group of nurses at a psychiatric hospital daring a fellow nurse, Nicole , to go into the hospital\'s basement for a game of Bloody Mary. Playing what the others call "The Mirror Game", she releases the vengeful spirit and is snatched away. When Nicole is reported missing, her writer/reporter sister Natalie  decides to investigate on her own. As the film progresses, more people are killed by the spirit of Bloody Mary  in gruesome ways while Natalie uncovers clues about the truth behind her sister\'s disappearance and Mary herself. Near the end, almost all of the main characters are dead except for Natalie, who discovers that Bloody Mary is actually her mother.'] ['On the fifteenth anniversary of the original Woodsboro murders, high school students Jenny Randall and Marnie Cooper are attacked and brutally killed by a new Ghostface. The following day, Sidney Prescott returns to Woodsboro to promote her new book with her publicist Rebecca Walters. Sidney becomes a suspect in the murders after evidence is found in her rental car, and she must stay in town until the murders are solved. Her cousin, Jill, who is dealing with the betrayal of her ex-boyfriend, Trevor Sheldon, gets a threatening phone call from Ghostface, as does her friend Olivia Morris. Jill and Olivia, alongside their friend Kirby Reed, are questioned about their calls by Dewey Riley, who is now the sheriff of the town, while one of his deputies, Judy Hicks, assists him in the case. Meanwhile, Dewey\'s wife, Gale Weathers-Riley, is struggling with writer\'s block. She gives up the writing and decides to investigate the murder instead. Sidney stays with Jill\'s mother, Sidney\'s aunt Kate Roberts. Later that night, Olivia, who lives next door to Jill and Kate, is attacked and murdered by Ghostface as Jill and Kirby watch in horror. Sidney and Jill rush in to save Olivia, but they are injured in the attempt and are taken to the hospital. In the hospital\'s parking garage, Ghostface murders Sidney\'s publicist Rebecca. Gale, trying to solve the murders, enlists the help of two high school movie geeks, Charlie Walker and Robbie Mercer, who explain that the killer is using the rules of movie remakes to murder. Charlie concludes that the killer will likely strike at a party being held that night. Gale goes to the party to investigate. Ghostface injures her but flees when Dewey arrives. Dewey takes her to the hospital. At Jill\'s house, Sidney discovers that the policemen assigned to guard the house are dead. She also discovers that Jill has left the house and gone to Kirby\'s. Sidney goes down to tell Kate, but the killer appears, kills Kate, and disappears again. After Deputy Judy Hicks arrives, Sidney rushes to Kirby\'s house to save Jill on her own. Jill, Kirby, Charlie, Robbie and Trevor are at Kirby\'s house when Ghostface appears and murders a drunken Robbie. Sidney arrives at the house. Kirby is forced to answer horror movie trivia to save Charlie, who is tied up outside. Sidney goes upstairs to find Jill, promising to return to Kirby. After Kirby answers Ghostface\'s questions, she goes outside to untie Charlie, believing that she has won the game. He suddenly stabs her in the stomach and reveals himself as Ghostface, before leaving her for dead. Sidney is confronted by Charlie and a second Ghostface, who is unmasked as Jill. She explains that they want the attention Sidney got for surviving the murders, and that they intend to frame Trevor as Ghostface; she then pulls Trevor out of a closet and shot him in the head. Jill then betrays Charlie and kills him too, to pin him as Trevor\'s accomplice, making her the sole survivor. Jill stabs Sidney in the stomach and mutilates herself to make it seem as if Trevor attacked her. Later, Dewey, Judy, and the rest of the police stumble upon the carnage. Jill is then taken to the hospital. After discovering that Sidney had survived, she goes to Sidney\'s hospital room and attempts to finish her. Dewey, Gale, and Judy intervene, having been clued by a detail about Gale\'s injury that Jill somehow knew. Jill subdues Sidney\'s rescuers, which gives Sidney the chance to shoot her in the chest, killing her. Dewey calls in all police units, as media reporters outside confirm Jill as the "sole-surviving hero".'] ["{{Expand section}} The Bradley family and their friends gather at an isolated country home to celebrate Thanksgiving. But unknown to the Bradleys, they have an uninvited guest. A giggling, PCP-addled, homicidal maniac has escaped from imprisonment to satisfy his pent-up lust for murder. And he has singled out their home for his psychopathic killing spree. One by one, the revelers will be methodically stalked and served up in the butcher's holiday blood feast. Until the Bradley's home becomes a grisly house of horrors."] ['Jess picks up his girlfriend, Nicole, in his convertible to head out to California. On the way, Nicole complains she needs to pee and after refusing to go on the side of the road she urges Jess to find a rest stop, which he finds almost immediately. Nicole urinates in the cup and finds terribly messy and dirty conditions. She then exits the building to find her boyfriend gone. She calls out for him many times, and after receiving no reply, she is convinced he is gone. Her thoughts are reinforced when the deranged truck driver with license plate KZL-303 throws her the red cell phone that was in the convertible. Nicole goes to look for help and notices an RV and bangs on the door and asks for help. She has a short eerie ride with the passengers until she is eventually thrown out for looking at the deformed individual hidden behind curtains at the back of the vehicle. She then returns to the restroom where she hears a girl coughing up blood  with cuts all over whimpering in the maintenance room. She cautions Nicole about the deranged killer who tortured her. The girl then bleeds profusely and as Nicole\'s attention is diverted she disappears, blood and all. The man in the yellow truck continues to elude Nicole, until a cop arrives via motorcycle. At this point she feels saved, happy to have help arrived. Her happiness is temporary however, as the cop soon falls victim to the driver of the yellow truck by being completely oblivious to the situation and allowing the driver of the yellow truck to rev his engine and run him over without as much as an attempt to evade it. Then the officer\'s legs are run over repeatedly and injured severely in the process. Nicole is able to drag the officer to the rest room, where the two seek refuge from the psychopath. The cop eventually realizes that the situation they are in is hopeless. He tries to calm Nicole down, and tells her about his family. Eventually, the driver of the truck returns and locks Nicole and the officer in the restroom. Nicole, thinking the man has left, attempts to open the lock. The driver appears out of seemingly nowhere, and bites Nicole\'s finger off. The officer realizes that Nicole is going into shock and commands Nicole to shoot the driver when he returns. She fires four shots out of the officer\'s revolver into the door but is unable to see if she has struck the driver. The driver then drops a camera into the restroom via the open window. The video is of Jess being tortured with a knife; Jess then says he loves Nicole. The last shot of Jess shows him having his tongue cut out. The driver feeds a hose through the window and starts pouring gasoline into the room. Nicole tries to find an escape and is able to open a hatch in the ceiling. Realizing there is no way for her to get him out of the building the officer tells Nicole to use the two remaining bullets in his gun to kill him because he would rather die that way than be burned alive. She fails at first but eventually succeeds in the grisly task. The driver lights the gasoline and Nicole hurries to get out of the building. As Nicole is escaping she notices that the officer\'s body has mysteriously disappeared. Nicole is able to jump from the roof before the building explodes. Once she is on the ground Nicole encounters the man in the yellow truck once again. He exits the truck, and she sneaks up behind him, striking him with a tire iron. She turns him over and is shocked to discover it is actually Jess, with his mouth sewn shut, sporting other visible wounds. Nicole sneaks to the convertible where she fills a whiskey bottle that she had retrieved from a nearby Park Ranger\'s station and fills it with gasoline in order to concoct a makeshift Molotov cocktail to use against her attacker, should he return. Morning approaches, and she walks down the highway with the driver of the truck approaching her at a rapid speed. After some fumbling, she is able to strike a match and light her Molotov cocktail. She hurls the bottle at the truck and almost instantly it is consumed by flames, followed by a large explosion. After a few moments, the camera view changes to behind Nicole. She starts to run away, but as soon as she turned, a man looking very much like Jess is right there, and she and everything then fades to black. As an epilogue, the film ends with a totally different girl going to the same rest stop, after it is renovated due to the fire. She discovers Nicole in the maintenance room and runs out to the Park Ranger  to inform him of her discovery. He goes into the room, after unlocking it, and no one seems to be present. After he leaves, Nicole is shown behind some janitorial equipment calling out for help and vomiting blood. The next scene is from the view of a video camera. It shows the father from the RV burying the body of the man in the truck. The man, realizing he is being taped, goes into the RV and tells his deformed son "This is our little secret." The last scene shows the yellow truck driving down a deserted road.'] ["The central character in Mad Cowgirl is Therese, a meat inspector who is dying of a brain disorder. The film follows Therese on her surreal descent into violence, in which men in her life become the Ten Tigers of Canton that she must kill in order to become a better woman. Victims of Therese's violent surreal madness include her meatpacking brother Thierry, naughty Pastor Dylan, and a Sri Lankan doctor."] ['A young bride is murdered on her wedding day by the man she rejected for her current fiancé Len, a police detective. Several years later the killer starts a crime spree, murdering brides to be. Len believes the killer of his fiancè has returned and tracks the crimes. The killer stalks bride to be Amy, and her friends from college, Nancy and Joyce. Amy is having second thoughts about her planned marriage. Her ex-boyfriend Marvin returns and tries to rekindle their relationship.HE KNOWS YOU’RE ALONE{{citation broken}}'] ['A group of friends  head to the Placid Pines Cemetery for a midnight game of hide and seek. Eric is chosen to be the seeker, and begins to count with his eyes closed as the friends spread out. As he opens his eyes, he sees a masked, knife-wielding man approaching. In fear, he begins to run away, looking back to see the masked man stab one of his friends. He keeps running and slips, impaling himself on protruding bars in the cemetery fence. As he bleeds to death, the friends gather around, with the masked man revealing himself as Bobby, the seventh friend. Their practical joke has gone horribly wrong. Five years later, Michelle testifies at Bobby\'s probation hearing; apparently, Bobby was charged with manslaughter while the other friends were let off. Michelle, Bobby\'s former lover, has organized a reunion of the friends at a campsite near the Placid Pines Cemetery in hopes of bringing closure to the horrific accident that occurred earlier. Bobby is reticent as we learn the status of the other friends, clearly upset at having served time for a joke everyone else was in on. The friends meet up at the campsite , where they are greeted by the cliche-full groundskeeper, Peter Bishop, with whom Michelle strikes a good rapport. Meanwhile, in an isolated shed, we see a bloodied man tied to a chair, awakening only to be brutally hacked to pieces by a masked assailant. The group reunites, with Bobby making his disdain apparent to everyone. The group decides to try to relax until dinner, and it is revealed that Eric\'s family died a short while after Eric\'s death—victims of an arson. After a vigorous sex scene, featuring Jake\'s premature ejaculation, his girlfriend wanders off to take a shower. She is attacked and brutally murdered by a masked assailant. The group then tries to locate her, and, soon after, Jack is attacked by a masked man. His screams draw the others close, but it is revealted that the masked man is Bobby, who is chided for not having not learned his lesson. A light tone returns, though Veronica is still missing, as the group returns to the camp. However, Allie and Jake are killed in short order, and as their bodies are discovered, chaos descends on the surviving friends. Bobby heads for town and is arrested, as the sheriff is on the lookout for a murderer—a body was located in the woods earlier. Charlie accidentally electrocutes Sarah, and is subsequently bitten in the eye by a rattlesnake planted by the murderer. Peter and Michelle frantically realize they are alone with the killer. The sheriff releases Bobby upon confirming his identity and heads out to scour the woods again. Before Bobby leaves, he sees an incoming fax that reveals the identity of the body found in the woods: Peter Bishop. Back at the camp, "Peter" reveals that he is Adam, Eric\'s brother. A psychopath, he burned down his home, using Eric\'s exhumed body as his own to fake his death. He takes Michelle to the cemetery and tells her to run, much like in the hide-and-seek game in which Eric died. He stalks her, but she is saved by Bobby\'s timely return. Adam is shot, but as the police close in, they are unable to locate his body. Some time later, Bobby and Michelle are escorted into a police car. They sit back, glad to be safe. The driver enters, and we see in the rear-view mirror that he is none other than Adam.'] ['"Suite Nothings" is a sleazy L.A. phone-sex hot-line voiced by failed models. Among them is Bobo, a psychotic killer who dresses in a clown costume. He holds a murderous vendetta against his fellow hot-line workers.'] ['; Prologue A creepy-looking coroner introduces three different horror tales involving his current work which are cadavers in "body bags".  Anne is a young college student who arrives for her first job at working the night shift at an all-night filling station in Haddonfield, Illinois. The attending worker, Bill, leaves her and tells her that a serial killer has broken out of mental hospital and cautions Anne to be careful and not leave the booth at the station which is to be kept locked at all times. After Bill leaves, Anne is alone and the tension mounts as she deals with various late-night customers seeking to buy gas for a quick fill-up, unsure of who may possibly be the escaped maniac. Eventually, when Anne suspects that the escaped killer is lurking around the gas station, she tries to call the police, only to find the phone line dead. Soon after, she finds a dead body in one of the lockers, which is a station attendant who has a nametag saying \'Bill\'. Anne realizes that \'Bill\', the attending worker, is in fact the escaped killer who has killed the real Bill and has taken his name and uniform, and is killing numerous passersby. \'Bill\' appears and attempts to kill Anne with an axe first by breaking into the locked booth and chasing her around the deserted garage. Just when he is about to kill her, one customer returns after forgetting his credit card. Together, they stop the killer by throwing him under a car on a garage rack in which Anne pushes the lift button making the car come crashing down, cutting the deranged killer in two.  Richard Coberts is a middle-aged businessman who is very self-conscious about losing his thinning hair. His obsession about going bald and his means to keep his pride and self esteem intact has caused a riff between him and his long-suffering girlfriend Megan. When Richard answers a television ad about a \'miracle\' hair transplant operation, he pays a visit to the office and meets the shady Dr. Lock whom, for a very large fee, agrees to give Richard a scalp treatment to make him grow his hair back. The next day, Richard wakes up and removes the bandage around his head left after the surgical procedure and is overjoyed that he has a stallion-style full set of hair. But over the next few days, Richard becomes increasingly sick and fatigued, and soon he finds himself growing hair on parts of his body  that do not grow hair at all. After trying to cut some off, he finds that his hair \'bleeds\', and after examining it under a magnifying glass, sees that they are alive. Richard goes back to Dr. Lock for an explanation, but finds himself a prisoner as Dr. Lock explains that he and his entire staff are aliens from another planet who seek out narcissist humans and plant their seeds of hair to grow and takeover their bodies for consumption as part of their plan to spread their alien essence to the planet. Richard was just their latest victim among many.  Brent Matthews is a Major League Baseball player whose life and career takes a turn for the worse when he gets into a serious car accident in which his right eye is gouged out. Unwilling to admit that his career is over, he jumps at the chance when a doctor tells him about a experimental surgical procedure to replace his eye with one from a recently deceased person which can restore his sight. After the surgery, Brent can see through his new eye, and is overjoyed at this miracle. But, soon after, Brent begins to see things out of his new eye that others cannot see, and it puts him and his wife Cathy in danger as Brent begins having nightmares of killing women and having sex with them. Brent seeks out the doctor who tells him that the donor of his new eye was a recently executed serial killer and necrophile who killed several young women, and then had sex with their dead bodies. Brent becomes convinced that the spirit of the dead killer is slowly taking over his body through his eye and enabling him to resume killing women. After Brent blacks out and wakes up near a crime scene where another young woman is killed, he flees back to his house where he tells the skeptic Cathy about what is going on with him. Just then the spirit of the killer emerges and attempts to kill Cathy as well. Cathy fights back, subduing him long enough for Brent to re-emerge. Realizing that it will only be a matter of time before the killer reemerges again, Brent cuts out his donated eye, severing his link with the killer, but he dies afterwards from bleeding to death. Epilogue The Coroner is finishing telling his three tales to the viewers when he hears a noise outside the morgue and crawls back inside a body bag revealing that he himself is a living cadaver this entire time, as two other morgue workers begin to go to work on this \'John Doe\' corpse that was just delivered to them.'] ['Somebody Help Me is the story of Brendan Young  and Darryl Jennings  as they head off with their girlfriends, respectively Serena  and Kimmy , and friends for a weekend\'s stay at a remote cabin in the woods. After the couples settle in, things take an eerie turn. One by one, the group ends up missing or dead, while the remaining few are forced to band together to figure out who or what is behind these killings. The murderer kills his victims by slicing off parts of their body. The killings in order include: Barbara  having part of her head sliced, Andrea  having her entire scalp ripped off, Mike , Barbara\'s boyfriend having his eyes and fingernails ripped out, the sheriff having his throat slit, and Ken , Andrea\'s boyfriend having his teeth ripped out then being smothered to death. Nicole  dies from an asthma attack when the man did not give her her inhaler. The killer\'s daughter, Daisy , is singing "Ring around the Rosie" throughout the movie, and helps Brendan free the others in the end. 3 of the teenagers end up dead, and Olsen came in time to save Brendan and free Serena, Darryl, Kimmy and Nicole\'s boyfriend, Seth . The last scene is the murderer and Daisy having their car searched and the policeman letting him go as Daisy sings "Ring Around The Rosie" again.'] ['A young mild-mannered American couple, Cliff  and Cydney  are celebrating their honeymoon by hiking to a remote beach in Hawaii. The couple comes across Nick  a solo hiker, who saves Cydney\'s life when she slips crossing a narrow ledge. The trio approach a group of frightened female hikers discussing a double murder in Honolulu of another newlywed couple on the island, with the victims having their teeth pulled out and fingertips removed, Cydney and Cliff discuss whether they should turn back. The couple decide to continue hiking with Nick, who claims to be an Iraq War veteran and subsequently meet up with his girlfriend, Gina . Cliff suspects that the couple of hitchhikers that he and Cydney had earlier turned down for a ride Cleo  and Kale  and run into on the trail might be dangerous. He checks their bags after discovering that his and Cydney\'s permits are gone. Then, he, Cydney, Nick and Gina leave together, but Cliff suspects that Kale and Cleo are following them. Nick and Cliff split up to search for Kale and Cleo. Cliff runs into a guide he and Cydney had met before setting off on the hike, who gives him the permits they had left behind. He and Nick return to the campsite, with Nick bringing a goat he had killed. Gina proceeds to expertly gut and butcher the goat, saying she learned how by working in the meat department of a grocery store. The following day, Kale and Cleo are arrested by the police. A container full of pulled teeth is found in their bag. Cliff, Cydney, Nick and Gina head to the beach, where Nick and Cliff decide to go see a marine cave via kayaks. As Gina idly looks through the photos on Cydney and Cliff\'s video camera, she is horrified to realize that they are not who they say they are. Gina sets off after Nick and Cliff with Cydney chasing after Gina. Flashbacks then reveal that Cliff  and Cydney are a drug addicted sociopath couple who murdered the newlyweds in Honolulu. They kill people and take their identities in order to, as Rocky  puts it, live a hundred different lives and achieve a kind of immortality. It is also revealed that "Cliff" planted the teeth in Kale and Cleo\'s bag to frame them. In the cave, Rocky shoots Nick just as Gina arrives, having run along the cliffs. Rocky shoots at her, but misses. Cydney sneaks up on Gina and attacks her. Gina is stabbed in the leg but manages to push Cydney off the ledge into the water. Gina fortuitously receives a call on her cell phone from a phone company representative. She begs him to call the police. She then spots Cydney below in the kayak just as Rocky pops up over the cliff ledge to grab her feet. Gina stabs him in the hand with Cydney\'s knife and flees. While Rocky chases her and Cydney kayaks ashore to intercept the police, Nick, saved by the titanium plate in his head, wakes up. Gina, in turn, runs into a group of men searching for their stolen kayaks, who tell her she is safe now. Rocky tries to convince the men that Gina is whacked out on drugs, but when one of them, who happens to be an EMT , notices his enlarged pupils, he ends up killing all of them as Gina runs toward the beach. At this point, Nick arrives and fights with Rocky, eventually getting the upper hand. At that point, the police arrive by helicopter with a rifle aimed at Nick. They ask for confirmation from Cydney, accompanying them in the helicopter, that Nick is the killer, and she pauses. Gina pulls Nick away from Rocky just in time to save him from the police sharpshooter. Cydney then tells the police that Rocky is the killer. Rocky is shot dead as he reaches for his gun. Later, a medical helicopter comes and takes Nick and Gina. Nick proposes to her on the helicopter and admits that he had bought the ring on eBay. She happily accepts and they agree: "No honeymoon."'] ['The film follows two parallel storylines, one being about a troubled detective  who plays a cat-and-mouse game with an unknown killer, and the other being about an emotionally disturbed landlady and her relationship with her enigmatic "lodger" .{{cite news}}'] ['Eight years after the events of Child\'s Play 2, Play Pals  has recovered from bad publicity arising from Chucky\'s murder spree. The company releases a new line of Good Guy dolls and recycles Chucky\'s remains. However, the soul of serial killer Charles Lee Ray still inhabited the remains, and Chucky is soon revived in a new doll body. Chucky is unwittingly given to Play Pals\' CEO Mr. Sullivan, whom Chucky tortures and kills using various instruments. He then uses computer records to relocate Andy Barclay . Still troubled by his past encounters with Chucky, sixteen year old Andy has been sent to Kent Military School. Colonel Cochran , the school\'s commandant, begrudgingly enrolls Andy, but advises him to forget his "fantasies" about the doll. Inside the school, Andy befriends cadets Harold Aubrey Whitehurst , Ronald Tyler , and Kristin DeSilva , for whom he develops romantic feelings. He also meets Brett C. Shelton , a lieutenant colonel who routinely bullies the cadets. Not long after Andy arrives, Tyler is asked to deliver a package to his room. Tyler is fascinated with Good Guy dolls after seeing an ad on the TV upon their comeback. After accidentally dropping and ripping Andy\'s package, he realizes that the package contains a Good Guy doll. Excited, he takes the new toy to the cellar and unwraps it. Once freed, Chucky scolds Tyler for opening the package he was suppose to give to Andy. But realizing he has a new body, he decides to tells Tyler his true identity to take over his body instead. But just as Chucky is about to possess him, they are interrupted by Cochran, who takes the doll away. Cochran throws Chucky into a garbage truck, but Chucky escapes by luring the driver into the truck\'s compactor and crushing him. That night, Chucky attacks Andy and tells him his plans for taking over Tyler\'s soul. But before Andy can attack Chucky, Shelton comes in and takes the doll from him. Andy tries to get the doll back by sneaking into Shelton\'s room, but Shelton catches him in the act. Upon realizing the doll has vanished, Shelton suspects it stolen and forces all the cadets to do exercises in the courtyard as punishment. Andy tries to warn Tyler about Chucky, but is initially unheeded. At one point, Chucky lures Tyler into playing hide-and-seek in Cochran\'s office, where he attempts to possess the boy again. However, they are interrupted by DeSilva and, moments later, Cochran himself. When the cadets leave, Cochran is confronted by a knife-wielding Chucky. The resulting shock causes Cochran to suffer a fatal heart attack. Despite Cochran\'s death, Shelton declares that the school\'s annual war games will proceed as planned, with Andy and Shelton on opposing teams. However, Chucky secretly replaces the paint bullets of one team with live ammunition. When the simulation begins, Chucky accosts Tyler, then threatens the boy when he refuses to take part. Tyler stabs Chucky with a pocket knife and flees, trying to find Andy. Chucky then attacks DeSilva and holds her hostage, attempting to lure the teams into fighting each other to save her. Chucky forces Andy to exchange DeSilva for Tyler. Suddenly, the red team descends upon the area and obliviously opens fire with their live rounds. Shelton is killed in the crossfire. Amidst the chaos, Tyler makes a quick getaway, but before giving chase, Chucky tosses a live grenade at the quarreling cadets. Recognizing the danger, Whitehurst bravely leaps on top of the grenade and sacrifices himself to save the others. With no time to mourn his friend, Andy heads off in pursuit of Chucky, with DeSilva close behind. Eventually the chase leads the group into a haunted house at a nearby carnival. Ronald tries to get a security guard to help him, but Chucky kills the guard off screen and kidnaps Tyler. In the ensuing melee, Chucky shoots DeSilva in the leg, leaving Andy to fight Chucky alone, once again. When Tyler is inadvertently knocked out, Chucky seizes the opportunity to possess him, but Andy intervenes, shooting him several times. Enraged, Chucky attempts to strangle Andy, but Andy uses Tyler\'s knife to cut off Chucky\'s hand, dropping him into a giant fan which slices him to pieces. Afterwards, Andy is taken away by the police for questioning, but ensures DeSilva that he will be okay, as he\'s "dealt with them before". As the police car drives away, DeSilva is taken to the nearby hospital. Tyler\'s fate is never revealed. At the end of the movie, a janitor walks around the park cleaning up the place while all the rides are shutting down. He then walks towards the haunted house, where Chucky was killed.'] ['{{plot}} A pair of hands is creating a sleek, fully metal bladed glove in a boiler room. As the maker of the claws appears to chop off his own hand in preparation for attaching the claws to his own wrist, it is revealed to be a film set, and the people watching wince, and the director, Wes Craven, encourages the effects specialists to pump more blood. Heather Langenkamp, her make up artist husband, Chase, and their son, Dylan, are wandering around the set of the new Nightmare on Elm Street movie. Presently the claw, which was only a prop a minute ago, comes to life and starts maiming and killing the special effects crew. As the claw advances to attack Chase, Heather screams waking up in her bed with Chase, during an earthquake in Los Angeles. After the earthquake dies down, Chase has a couple of scratches, which are the very same as he had received in the dream. This causes Heather to wonder if they were sustained in the earthquake or during the dream. Heather reveals she has been receiving harassing phone calls from "someone who sounds an awful lot like Freddy." Heather is a guest on a morning talk show the very same day, where they discuss the 10th anniversary of the Nightmare films. Also, as part of the talk show line-up, Robert Englund as himself tears through a screen dressed up as Freddy Krueger to surprise Heather; Heather is slightly disturbed by this. Producer Bob Shaye asks Heather to visit his office at New Line Cinema, and explains that Wes Craven is working on a script for the new and final Nightmare film. Heather is asked to reprise her role as main character "Nancy," but decides against it with her own recent nightmares and disturbing phone calls. Bob explains that her husband, Chase is also working on the film and he is creating a scary new glove for Freddy. When she gets home, her son has an episode during which he warns her in a voice not of his own, "Never sleep again!" Worried, Heather asks Chase to come home, however Chase falls asleep at the wheel on the way and dies supposedly in a car crash. When Heather goes to identify the body, it seems to her that there may have been more than meets the eye to the "crash," as was made apparent by the claw-like marks on his chest. She enlists Craven\'s help for making sense of what\'s happening. Craven explains that he does not know much more than she does. He dreams a scene each night and wakes up and writes them down. Craven goes on to tell her that in the script he\'s writing, pure evil can be defeated if its essence is captured in a work of art that is able to allow evil to express itself. Craven explains that the evil has taken the form of Freddy Krueger because it is a familiar one. Freddy sees her as the gatekeeper who holds Freddy at bay, since Heather\'s character Nancy defeated Freddy in the first movie who in turn eliminated Nancy in the third, but still couldn\'t be released. To Freddy it is Heather that gave the character of Nancy her strength. Freddy is attacking her at her weakest points, trying to break her down before confronting her, prompting her to leave just as confused as when she arrived. After a short sleep in Dylan\'s room, Heather wakes to discover Dylan is gone, she goes downstairs and finds Dylan in another episode. Heather takes Dylan to the hospital, there a doctor asks if Dylan said anything during his trance, Heather says "No" but the doctor later gets it out of her that Dylan has been doing Freddy-like actions and singing Freddy\'s theme. Later, Julie  shows up at the hospital and tells Heather she had a nightmare about him. Soon, two nurses want to sedate Dylan, but Julie had instructed by Heather to not let Dylan fall asleep while she goes home to get Rex. Julie punches the nurse and threatening another with a needle , and locks the door. Meanwhile, Heather tried to leave but been stopped by security to be questioned by the doctor, the doctor suspects Heather is insane, and tries to agree to foster care. Next, Dylan drifts to sleep, Freddy appears in the locked hospital room and brutally slays Julie . The nurses unlock the doors, and discover the murder. They run, but Heather is concerned where Dylan went, the doctor realizes Heather is right. Heather soon remembers home, . She discovers a giant Freddy dangling Dylan from above traffic. She arrives home and finds Dylan, but Freddy begins to manipulate the world, causing her to become Nancy. By forcing Heather to accept the role he wants her to play, Freddy rises out from Dylan\'s bed and is fully in the real world. Heather runs inside and into Dylan\'s room only to find him gone, and the toy dinosaur Dylan believed was protecting him totally eviscerated by Freddy. Heather takes sleeping pills to join in on a dream, final showdown with Freddy to save an already captured Dylan. It occurs in a hot, steamy and water-logged dreamscape ruin, apparently Freddy\'s home turf. Dylan finds Heather, only for them both to be attacked by Freddy, Heather is knocked out, Dylan is left defenseless. Freddy successfully lures Dylan into a trap and tries to attack him vigorously, Heather discovers the battle and fights off Freddy, but Freddy makes his tongue extend and wrap around her face. Dylan gets out of the trap to save Heather by taking a large kitchen knife that she brought in with her, stabbing Freddy\'s tongue and making it go back to its previous size. The two succeed in killing Freddy, by locking him in a lit furnace where upon catching on fire,  his true visage is shown amidst a fiery blast, all the while Dylan and Heather flee, escaping back to reality, where they find the script of the film Craven has been working on, waiting for them. Dylan asks his mother to read, which she does: "We open on an old wooden bench. There\'s fire and tools, and a man\'s grimy hands building what\'s soon revealed as a gleaming set of claws. And the claws are moving now as if awakening from a long and unwanted sleep..."'] ["Oliviero Rouvigny , a failed writer and an alcoholic, lives in a crumbling mansion with his wife Irina , who is scared of Oliviero's cat, Satan, that used to belong to his late mother. To fight boredom, Oliviero organizes decadent parties for local hippies and humiliates and abuses Irina in front of the guests. After his mistress, a young student, is found murdered, Oliviero becomes the primary suspect. When he finds their maid dead on the premises, he decides to conceal it to avoid further suspicions. With no-one knowing the identity of the murderer, Oliviero's paranoia builds and leads to more abuse of Irina. Then Oliviero's niece Floriana  suddenly arrives for a visit. Irina finds comfort in Floriana's arms and bed, and the two decide to find a way to deal with Oliviero. After Irina kills Oliviero with scissors, Floriana reveals that she has been after the jewelry that Oliviero had stashed in the mansion. Irina humbly gives her the jewelry and the two part ways. However, Irina also had a plan of her own and she turns to Walter , the original murderer. Walter kills Floriana and her boyfriend making it look like an accident. Later, Irina pushes Walter off a cliff to have the jewelry all for herself. When Irina returns to the mansion, she finds the police there. An old woman had filed a complaint for animal cruelty, as she had seen Irina stabbing Satan. Inside the mansion, the police officers notice that the cat seems to be mewing in agony inside a wall. As they tear down the wall, they discover the cat and the dead body of Oliviero inside."] ["Sweeney Todd  is a barber with a shop near the docks of London. Using his charm and tonsorial skills, Todd lures wealthy, respectable customers into his barber-shop at Fleet Street, where he settles them into a mechanical barber's chair which dumps them head-first down into the basement, ready to have their throats cut with a straight-edge, razor-sharp blade – if the fall does not kill them first. Mrs. Lovatt , a lady who makes meat-pies next-door, disposes of the bodies for a share of the stolen money. Sweeney Todd has his eye on marrying the daughter  of a local aristocrat – but her father , refuses him. When her lover, Mark , returns from an ocean voyage, Todd tries to get him out of the way. The fall, however, does not kill Mark – and Mrs. Lovatt hides him, allowing him to escape. When he recovers, he returns in disguise to expose the barber. Realizing that he has been exposed, Todd sets fire to his shop and is ironically killed by his own hand… starting the shop on fire setting his trap floor into motion at the end of the film."] ['The film follows Chris Vale , a young man who was wrongly convicted of murdering his family in 1982, and admitted into an insane asylum based largely on the fact that Chris had been found at home with the bodies by the police. After 10 years of life in the asylum, in which he has been bullied by inmates and staff alike for the incident, Chris has now quite literally turned insane and, to prove his innocence, he escapes from the asylum on October 31 to his home, which is now occupied by a new family who are holding a Halloween party. As the night draws on, Chris attempts to search the house for any clues that will testify his innocence, but in an effort to conceal himself from the partygoers and the authorities who are searching for him, begins his own killing spree that leads to a massacre far worse than the original.'] ['A group of film students plan an all-night horror film festival in order to raise funds for their cinema club. They decide to show a number of  horror films from the 1950s that rely on gimmicks such as 3-D, Odorama, and electrical "buzzers" in seats. Unbeknownst to the group, a homicidal maniac is stalking the theater where the festival is being held. A filmmaker named Lanyard Gates, who murdered his family during a screening of his only film in the 1970s, supplies the decoy killer character, since young Maggie  may or may not be his missing daughter.'] ['At a small college, Quaid and his friend Stephen do a "Fear Study" as a school project, recording people talking about their greatest fears. Quaid however is quite insane and wants to take the fear to \'the next level\'. Quaid had seen his parents killed by an ax murderer as a child; this is his greatest fear and he wants to learn what makes others afraid and what it takes for them to overcome their fear. Stephen\'s brother had died while drunk-driving, and Stephen wonders if his brother would still be alive if he had driven instead. Cheryl, who is the project\'s editor, was molested by her father as a little girl. He worked at a meat-packing plant and smelled of meat while molesting her; to this day, she can\'t stand the smell of meat and refuses to eat it. Quaid kidnaps her and locks her in a room with a huge piece of beef. After about a week, she finally eats the entire piece of rotten beef. Joshua is a student whose his fear is becoming deaf again because he temporarily lost his hearing after a childhood accident. The following night, Quaid knocks him out and fires a gun next to his ears, shattering his eardrums and leaving him deaf again. Abby, another student, has a dark birthmark covering half her face and body, which she doesn\'t want anyone to see, terrified of being teased or shunned because of it. Quaid sets up video footage of her stripping naked before sex on every TV on campus, showing her naked and covered in birth marks. Humiliated, Abby fills her bathtub with bleach and starts scrubbing off her skin with a Brillo pad. Stephen finds her naked and bleeding and gets her to the hospital. He then goes after Quaid with a fire ax. Joshua follows him, assuming Stephen and Quaid are working together. When Stephen confronts Quaid, he is knocked out and awakens tied to a chair. He manages to break free but runs into Joshua, who stabs him with the fire ax. Quaid shoots Joshua, killing him, and watches Stephen die from the ax wound. He drags the body to a room in the basement, where Cheryl is. He throws Stephen\'s body in along with a switchblade and says, "Let\'s see how hungry you have to be to get through that". He leaves her crying with Stephen\'s dead body with only a matter of time before she starts eating his flesh from hunger.'] ['An old man named Fred ([[John Steadman  is packing his truck. A ragged and somewhat feral teenage girl approaches. Annoyed, Fred addresses her as Ruby. She offers to trade what she has in her bag for food, but the old man refuses. They walk into a small cabin and Fred scolds her for what she and "they" have done. Ruby says that her family ambushed a nearby airfield because they were hungry and no one passes by their home anymore. She pleads with Fred to take her with him. He tells Ruby that if "the pack", in particular someone named Jupiter, learns what she is doing, she could be in danger. A noise distracts them, and Ruby hides. The Carter family is traveling on vacation. Parents Bob  and Ethel  are driving, accompanied by their teenage children Bobby  and Brenda , eldest daughter Lynn , along with Lynn\'s husband Doug , baby daughter Katie, and their dogs, Beauty and Beast. They stop at Fred\'s Oasis for fuel. Fred tells them to stay on the main road. Later, they skid off a desert road and crash, owing to what is later revealed to be a booby trap. Bob walks back to Fred\'s Oasis to get help. Fred\'s son and his son\'s family of deranged cannibals dwell in the wilderness through which the Carters are traveling. They are commanded by Papa Jupiter , patriarch of the clan. He killed his mother, Fred\'s wife, during childbirth. As a child, he killed the livestock on his father\'s farm and later murdered his sister. Fred attacked his son with a tire iron and left him in the wilderness to die. Jupiter survived, and mated with a depraved, alcoholic prostitute known as Mama . Together, they had three sons, Mars , Pluto  and Mercury , and their abused daughter Ruby . They survive by stealing from and cannibalizing travelers. As night falls, Bob reaches the gas station, where Fred tells him the origin of the hill people. Papa Jupiter arrives, kills Fred with a tire iron and takes Bob prisoner. Doug and Lynne are sleeping in the car while everyone else stays in the trailer. Bobby gets locked out of the trailer and asks Doug for his keys. Bobby does not know the trailer is locked because Pluto is looking through their valuables, while Ethel and Brenda sleep in the next room. As Bobby enters the trailer, Papa Jupiter sets Bob ablaze on a stake in the distance. Ethel, Lynne, Doug and Bobby rush to Bob, while Brenda stays in the trailer with the baby. Everyone tries extinguishing the fire, while Pluto and Mars rape Brenda. The Carters extinguish the fire, but Bob dies shortly after. When Ethel and Lynne return to the trailer, Pluto runs away. Lynne finds Mars taking her baby. She attacks Mars as Ethel hits him with a broom. Mars shoots Ethel and Lynne. Pluto abducts the baby and flees with Mars. Doug rushes in to find Lynne dead; Ethel dies shortly after. Doug sets out to find his baby while Bobby and Brenda remain behind. Beauty has been savaged by the clan, and Ruby is forced to eat it as punishment. She is chained outside the cave where the clan live, with Mama tormenting her. The men of the clan return to the cave, but Mercury is ambushed and pushed to his death off a hilltop by Beast. Papa Jupiter and Pluto return to the trailer to kill the survivors. Pluto is incapacitated by Beast, and Papa Jupiter is killed by a trap set by Brenda and Bobby. Doug sees Ruby knock out Mama and escape with Katie into the hills, followed by Mars. Doug catches up with Ruby and the baby. Mars follows them into the hills, but as he tries to kill Doug, Ruby interferes by putting a rattlesnake against Mars\' neck, enabling Doug to overpower his assailant. The film ends with a closeup of Doug frantically stabbing Mars to death while Ruby weeps over her brother\'s body.'] ['{{Plot}} The film starts with a 12-year-old girl whose babysitter is on a date with serial killer Patrick Bateman. After Bateman kills and starts to dissect her babysitter, the girl stabs him with an ice pick. Fast forward to the present day and the girl, who we learn is named Rachael Newman, is now a college student studying criminology under Professor Starkman, a former FBI agent. Rachael aspires to join the FBI and is hell-bent on getting the teaching assistant position under Starkman, which would make her a shoo-in for the FBI training program. However, tough competition for the position stands in her way, and Rachael proceeds to kill off classmates one by one. During her killing spree she decides to see the school psychiatrist, Dr. Eric Daniels. Realizing that Rachael is a textbook sociopath, Daniels tries to warn Starkman, who mistakenly thinks the psycho student is Cassandra Blaire, with whom he had an extramarital affair. When Cassandra reveals that her affair with Professor Starkman has guaranteed her the TA position, Rachael decides to murder her as well. After she does so Professor Starkman discovers Cassandra\'s body and calls Daniels to tell him that "she\'s dead". But he does not identify the victim, and Daniels assumes it must be Rachael. Distraught, Professor Starkman leaves his teaching position, which angers the obsessed Rachael. She reveals that she is not Rachael Newman: she killed the real Rachael at the beginning of the semester and assumed her identity. During spring break Rachael stays on campus and confronts Starkman, who had taken Valium and alcohol, and tries to seduce him to get the job. However, Starkman sees she is wearing a dress and necklace he had given to Cassandra. She then confesses her crimes to him, her "crush" on him, and that she knew about his affairs with various women , as he backs up towards the window in a state of confusion and fear. Rachael blows him a kiss, and he falls out the window to his death. As she leaves, Rachael realizes a janitor has witnessed Starkman\'s death, and she murders the janitor, too. Driving away from campus with Starkman in her car, Rachael gets pulled over by a cop, whom she stabs to death with an ice pick. As the film reaches its conclusion, Daniels and two cops pursue Rachael in a car chase, which ends with Rachael driving off a cliff, resulting in the car exploding. At this point, she is presumed to be dead by the cops who witnessed the event and the media. In the final scene, Dr. Daniels is giving a lecture on Rachael\'s mind and how he wrote a book about her. When he looks up from speaking with a student, he sees Rachael, who hasn\'t died after all; she indirectly reveals that she killed Starkman\'s last assistant, Elizabeth McGuire, and stole her identity to get into Quantico. She allows Dr. Daniels to know because she believes there is no point in committing the perfect crime if no one knows about it and that she\'s proud of his success. The body that was in the car wasn\'t the real Rachael. As she walks out of his class, Dr. Daniels is obviously disturbed and rattled.'] ['Following a violent storm, a small campsite in the Southern states is found littered with mutilated bodies. Journalist Clint Harrison investigates and learns of a family called the Dansens who kept a terrible secret. Resolving to get to the bottom of things, Harrison and his buddies decide to spend the night in the abandoned Dansen home with the result that there are more deaths, and Harrison finds out a terrible truth: he is related to the Dansens.'] ['Penny, , a young woman traumatized by a childhood auto accident that killed her parents, accompanies her therapist Orianna  on a road trip to a mountain community as part of her therapy to overcome her fear of cars. On the way, Orianna hits, but does not seriously injure, a hitchhiker, who she then offers a ride. The hitchhiker is silent during the ride, except to point out his destination. After dropping off the hitchhiker, they discover that he has punctured one of the tires. Orianna sets off to get reception for her cell phone, but fails to return. Penny goes off to find Orianna, but trips and falls. When she wakes up, she\'s back in the car, which has been wedged between two trees. Orianna, whose death has been recorded on a video camera, is beside her. Penny tries to call for help, but the hitchhiker continues to terrorize and torture her. Several people who live and work nearby are killed by the hitchhiker, when they attempt to help her or get in his way. Penny is tortured for another few hours, and when she tries to crawl out of the car window, the hitchhiker grabs her right foot and cuts off one of her toes. After finally falling asleep, she turns around to find the hitchhiker sitting in the back wearing Orianna\'s clothes, who then pulls off the hood and tries to strangle her while saying, "Don\'t forget your breathing exercises, Penny." She manages to fight off the hitchhiker by stabbing him in the eye with a pencil and escape from the car, only to trip from her injured foot. The hitchhiker finds her and tries to attack, but a man driving a pick-up truck drives past in time to hit the hitchhiker. The hitchhiker appears to be dead at this point, and the truck driver is panicking. He tells Penny to wait in the vehicle while he assists the hitchhiker. Penny feels a bit of relief as she watches the man and the dead hitchhiker. But terror boils up when she realizes the hitchhiker is still moving.'] ["As a boy, a reclusive and antisocial Sufferton resident, Max Seed, was disfigured in a school bus crash that killed everyone else involved in it. In 1973, Seed began torturing and murdering people, filming some of his victims starving to death in his locked basement, and ultimately racking up a bodycount of 666. In 1979, Seed is arrested by Detective Matt Bishop in a sting operation that claims the lives of five of Bishop's fellow officers. Seed is sentenced to death by electric chair, and incarcerated on an island prison, where he is a model inmate, only acting out when he kills three guards who try to rape him. On Seed's execution date, the electric chair fails to kill him after two shocks. Not wanting Seed to be released due to a state law that says any convicted criminal who survives three jolts of 15,000 volts each for 45 seconds walks, the prison staff and Bishop declare Seed dead, and bury him in the prison cemetery. A few hours later, Seed digs his way out of his grave and returns to the prison, where he kills the executioner, doctor and warden before swimming back to the main land. The next day, while investigating the massacre, Bishop realizes Seed was responsible when he discovers the serial killer's empty cemetery plot. Over the course of several months Seed kills dozens of people, with one long shot showing him beating a bound woman with a chisel for five straight minutes. One day, a videotape showing Bishop's house is sent to the detective's office. Knowing this means Seed is going to go after his family, Bishop races home, finding his wife, Sandy, and daughter, Emily, gone, and the four officers charged with guarding the house dismembered in the bathroom. Driving to Seed's old residence, Bishop is lured into a basement room containing a television and a video camera, and locked inside. The television turns on, and depicts Seed with Sandy and Emily. Emily informs Bishop that Seed wants Bishop to shoot himself. When Bishop hesitates, Seed kills Sandy with a nail gun, prompting Bishop into shooting himself in the head, believing that doing so will make Seed release his daughter. Instead, Seed takes the daughter to the room containing her father's corpse, and locks her in it. As Emily sobs for her parents, the film ends."] ['After inheriting a 12th century castle which belonged to a famed Duchess, John Reilly and his family travel to Italy to live. Unbenownst to them, the duchess\' son still lives in the dungeons of the castle. He breaks free, and tries to harm John and his family, killing others in the process. John must now save himself and his family from this castle\'s unknown inhabitant before the "castle freak" has his way with them.'] ['The film opens with Maria  heading to camp. However, she is chased into an alleyway by a large truck, driven by serial killer Angela Baker , before being run over. Angela disposes of the body in a trash compactor, before posing as Maria and boarding the bus to Camp New Horizon, which was once Camp Rolling Hills where Angela massacred campers the year before. After arriving, news reporter Tawny Richards  interviews the many campers who are taking part in "an experiment in sharing", seeing different social classes living together. Tawny soon asks Angela to get her some cocaine, however Angela gives her Ajax cleanser instead, which kills Tawny when she snorts it. After the campers have settled in, camp councilors Herman , Lily  and Officer Barney Whitmore , who Angela realizes is the father of a previous victim, split the campers into three groups, who they will be camping with over the next few days. Angela is placed in a group with Herman, Snowboy , Peter  and Jan . Angela goes fishing with Snowboy and Peter, but soon gets annoyed by them setting off firecrackers and returns to camp, only to find Herman and Jan having sex. Angela impales Herman through the mouth with a log, before bashing Jan\'s head in. Angela hides the bodies from Snowboy and Peter, who continue to annoy her throughout the day. At night, Angela sets off a firecracker in Peter\'s face, killing him, before hitting Snowboy with a log and burning him alive, along with the bodies. The next morning, Angela travels to Lily\'s campsite, where Bobby , Cindy , Riff  and Arab  are camping. Angela tells Lily that Herman told her she was to switch places with Arab. As Angela escorts Arab to the other camp, she decapitates her with an axe. When Angela returns to camp, an argument breaks out between Cindy and Riff, before Lily sets the campers out on a trust building exercise. Blindfolded, Cindy doesn\'t realize that Angela, having grown tired of the girl\'s whiny and bigoted behavior, has attached her to the flag pole. Angela raises Cindy into the air, before letting her drop from a high height, killing her. Angela covers up her death by telling Lily that she has returned to main camp. In another game, Angela is tied to Bobby, but while fishing he attempts to kiss her, annoying Angela who tells him to later meet her at the main cabin. Returning to camp, Angela convinces Lily to go check on Cindy with her, however Angela buries Lily, up to her neck, in a trash hole, before running over her head with a lawnmower. Angela then waits for Bobby to arrive, who she ties to a tree and precedes to rip his arms off with a jeep. Angela then murders Riff by stabbing him with tent spikes. The following morning, Angela travels to the remaining camp, where Barney, Marcia , Tony , Anita  and Greg  are camping. Angela tells Barney she is to switch with Marcia, but Marcia objects. As Barney accompanies Angela and Marcia to the other camp, Angela is forced to fake a leg injury. Barney tends to Angela at the main camp, but Marcia discovers Lily\'s body, and flees, while Barney discovers Angela\'s identity, but she shoots him dead. Angela catches up with Marcia in the jeep, and captures her. Angela returns to Tony, Anita and Greg that night and ties them together, telling them they are playing a trust game. However, Angela shows them the body of Barney, and forces them to find Marcia in one of the cabins. However, Angela has set up a booby trap that kills Greg and Anita. Angela decides to let Marcia and Tony live, however while departing, Angela is attacked by Marcia who stabs her numerous times. After Marcia and Tony summon the police to the camp, Tony is disgusted to discover Marcia already has a boyfriend. Meanwhile, Angela is being driven to hospital in an ambulance, where the paramedics plot to kill her, but Angela instead stabs them to death with a syringe. When the ambulance driver asks what is going on, Angela weakly replies "Just taking care of business." .'] ["Kristen , Joey , and Kincaid  have been released from the Westin Hills Asylum and are now living normal lives and attending high school. Kristen has managed to make some new friends: Alice Johnson , a young, bright girl and a frequent daydreamer; Sheila Kopecky , a brainy, quiet girl with asthma; and Debbie Stevens , a tough girl who hates bugs. She has also found herself a boyfriend, Rick , a martial arts enthusiast who is also Alice's brother. Kristen begins to have bad dreams and feels as though Freddy has once again come back from the dead. During one of her nightmares, she pulls Kincaid and Joey into her dream as she explores the deserted Elm Street house. The boys try to convince her that Freddy has not come back, and puts her hand on one of the furnaces, showing that the boiler room is empty and cold. Kincaid's dog Jason then jumps out of the boiler and bites Kristen's arm. Kristen wakes up and discovers the bite marks on her arm; while Kincaid wakes up and sees blood dripping from Jason's mouth. In school the next day, Kincaid and Joey confront Kristen about pulling them into the dream. Kincaid wakes up one night and finds himself locked in the trunk of an old junked car. When he opens the hood, he realizes that he is in the same salvage yard that Freddy's body was buried in. Kincaid spies his dog, Jason, digging and urinating fire in the ground nearby. Freddy then resurrects from the ground and goes after Kincaid. After Kincaid unsuccssessfully tries to kill him by knocking a pile of junked cars down on him, Freddy traps and kills Kincaid. Later that night, Joey finds a naked woman swimming in his water bed, but Freddy bursts out seconds later and kills him. The following day at school, Kristen is concerned when her friends fail to show up for class. She confides to Alice about nightmares. Kristen hits her head and passes out when she discovers both of her friends were killed, being attacked by Freddy but revived in time. After she learns of the deaths of Kincaid and Joey, Kristen goes to the actual Elm Street house, with Rick, Dan, and Alice. Rick tells Dan the story of Freddy, and Alice reveals a part of a rhyme by the name of The Dream Master. Alice suggests to Kristen that she is in control of her own dreams. However, Alice also looks down at the ground and sees something, a sidewalk chalk drawing of the house, that only Kristen has been able to see. Clearly, she senses something. At home that night, her mother secretly slips a sedative into her drink to forcibly put her to sleep. Kristen replies angrily to this, and runs upstairs in fear. She quickly falls asleep. On Alice's advice, she tries to convert nightmares into pleasant dreams. At first this works, and she proceeds to dream about a sandy beach vacation spot. While she meets a child named Alice creating a sand castle in her dream, Freddy appears and ruins everything, eventually taking Kristen to his boiler room. It is explained that Kristen is the last child from Elm Street, and Freddy needs her help to get more children. Freddy taunts her long enough to make her scream for Alice. Alice appears suddenly in the boiler room and Kristen tries to get her to wake up but to no avail. Krueger attempts to kill Kristen's friend in front of her, but she jumps in front of Alice, and Freddy throws Kristen into a furnace and collects her soul along with the other Dream Warriors. Before Kristen dies, she sends her power to pull people into her dreams, to Alice's body. Alice awakens immediately, realizing that Kristen is in danger, and she and Rick both quickly make their way to Kristen's house. Outside, they see flames coming from Kristen's room, and they are too late to save her. As Alice tries to understand what has happened, and exactly who Freddy is, her friends begin to die. The next day at school, while taking a test, Alice falls asleep in class and accidentally pulls Sheila into her dream where Freddy is waiting. He traps Alice in her desk chair so she cannot help her friend and torments and taunts Sheila before sucking all the air out of her mouth. Alice awakens, only to discover Sheila having an asthma attack. Sheila then dies after her inhaler ultimately fails. Later, Rick finds himself fighting an invisible Freddy and seems to win when he knocks his glove off. The glove stirs and soon launches at Rick and stabs him in the stomach. After every death, including Kristen's, Alice picks up new talents and traces of the former owner's personality. She also picks up the dream powers of the children who have died. She is obviously Freddy's supernatural opposite, albeit too weak to truly conquer or even resist him yet. After Rick's funeral, Alice teams up with Dan Jordan, who was one of Rick's closest friends. Together with Dan, Alice tries to get to Debbie, their last surviving friend, before Freddy finds her. Unbeknown to the two teens, Freddy is able to control their movements. Trapping Alice and Dan in a time loop, Freddy is able to reach Debbie and kill her by transforming her into a cockroach and trapping her inside a roach motel and then crushing her before Alice and Dan can intervene. Following a car accident, where Dan is injured and rushed to the hospital, Alice returns home to prepare for one final battle with Freddy. Alice goes to sleep to help Dan before Freddy can kill him. As Alice and Dan search for Freddy, Dan is injured and right at the moment the doctors wake Dan and he is pulled from the Dream World. Alice, facing Freddy alone, attempts to use all of her newly absorbed abilities against him. The fight is relatively equal, except that she has a mortal body and he does not, giving him the advantage of immortality. It is an advantage that proves nearly too great to overcome. He declares that he has been guarding his gate for too long to be taken down by her. But just as he is preparing to kill her, she recalls the final verse of the Dream Master rhyme. For the first and only time, someone defeats Freddy, by using the power of the spell to make him see the evil that is inside. Using her power as guardian of the gate of good dreams, Alice releases the tortured souls that Freddy imprisoned into the gates of good dreams where he can no longer harm them. Krueger's clothes fall lifelessly to the floor and Alice kicks his glove. The film ends with Dan and Alice at a fountain some time later. Dan tosses a coin into a fountain and before the coin falls into the water, Alice briefly sees the reflection of Freddy appear, Alice brushes this off and she and Dan walk through the park."] ['Christie Parson  is mourning the death of her father  by drowning. Her mother has convinced herself it was a tragic accident, but Christie is sure it was murder. Christie suffers from nightmares in which a hooded figure, clutching an embalming trocar, pursues her. She turns detective, aided by her boyfriend  to find out the truth. Her sleuthing draws her to a local mortuary, whose owner, Hank Andrews , together with his secretly demented offspring, Paul, is guarding an odious secret.'] ['The sequel begins where the original left off. Skye Rotter has a nightmare that following the memorial for the teens murdered at the Roller-Dome , Brigg Jenner and Derek Mcnamera have a run-in with her father, Charlie Rotter. In the dream, Rotter stabs Derek repeatedly in the neck and Brigg, seeing Skye as he is about to escape through a back door, is stabbed in the back. Back in waking life after the massacre, Skye drives away in Madison\'s BMW and takes it to a dealership. She exchanges the car and makes a deal with the shady dealer so that he won\'t call the police. She drives off and tries to start a new life in a small town hundreds of miles from her hometown. The police are now looking for Skye as she is the only one who really knows what happened in the Roller-Dome massacre. She goes to find her mother, Carolyn Bell, who left her at a young age with her murderer father. Skye realizes that her mother has a new life, a new husband and another daughter named Alex. At first Alex seems reluctant to have a relationship with Skye, but soon warms to her. One day at the local coffee shop, Alex and her friends Zoe Chandler and Molly Abiko come in to gossip. Zoe introduces herself to Skye and instigates some tension. Alex and the girls then find out from a wannabe DJ, and Alex\'s crush, James Feldman aka Jams, that the party at his house was cancelled and Zoe comes up with an idea to have a party at "The Bone Yard", a newly renovated club owned by Alex\'s father that was originally a strip-club. After leaving the coffee shop, Skye drives Alex home to discover that Alex\'s dad has already left on a business trip, and Carolyn yells at Alex for missing her father before he left. Meanwhile, as Alex\'s father, Ted Bell, is on his way to the airport, he is called by a colleague to do a side stop and check on some business at a local warehouse. A stranger--Charlie Rotter--asks to borrow his jumper cables to fix his truck, and when Ted happily obliges, Rotter stabs him in the back and strangles him in the trunk of his Acadia. Meanwhile, back in Skye\'s hometown, her friend Derek meets a girl named Courtney at school and they begin to date. The two are about to make out when Brigg enters the room to tell Derek that Skye finally messaged him back. Courtney shows disdain towards Skye, calling her "Psycho-Rotter". Derek and Brigg find out that Skye is now hiding out in a nearby neighborhood, and they agree to go find her in the morning, with Courtney tagging along. Skye and Alex begin to bond on a deeper level, and Alex opens up to her sister about her depression. Skye also bonds with her mother, who asks her not to tell Alex that the former\'s father is a murderer. On her 16th birthday, Skye receives a necklace from her mother. Skye has a nightmare of Madison angry at her for letting her die. Madison slits her own throat and sprays blood all over Skye. In a panic Skye awakens to find that she\'s on the floor just like in her nightmare, implying that she sleepwalks. That morning, Alex steals the keys from her house to sneak into the Bone Yard and she runs into Rotter, though she is unaware of his identity. Because of her depression, Alex has an assortment of drugs in her medicine cabinet. At the coffee shop, Zoe asks Skye to steal some of Alex\'s medication for party favors, threatening to tell everyone about Rotter and the massacre. Skye then stabs Zoe in the neck with a pencil, but its revealed to be a daydream. She reluctantly agrees to the deal and gets ready for the party. Alex and her sister make it to the Bone Yard and set up the night\'s event. As the party begins, Skye seems reluctant to have any fun, while Alex indulges in the festivities. Skye then tells Alex that it\'s her birthday. While Skye walks around the Bone Yard, it is revealed that her father is already at the party. Derek, Brigg, and Courtney arrive at the Bone Yard to find Skye. Brigg sees Skye and they kiss, going into a separate area to make out on a pool table. When Alex tries to make out with Jams in the back kitchen area, he goes too far. Molly enters and she and Jams make out, until Molly begins to spasm and Jams sees that a hole has been carved in the back of her head, with Rotter holding the electric blade. Jams falls and begs for his life, but the blade unplugs and Rotter takes a meat cleaver and hacks Jams\' face. Afterwards, Skye tells Brigg she cannot go back with him, in fear of ridicule and being labeled a killer. Brigg leaves angry. Courtney tells Alex about her sister\'s past, and Derek and Courtney argue about her jealousy of Skye. An angry Alex runs away. Skye then calls her mother to tell her what happened, and the latter heads to the club. Courtney fears that Derek will leave her if his feelings for Skye are rekindled. Skye goes to an abandoned area of the club and sees a birthday message in blood from her father, wishing her a happy birthday. Courtney threatens to call the police on Skye, and she and Derek make up. The reconciliation is overheard by Rotter, who locks Skye in the club to watch from above as he attacks Derek and Courtney. Derek whacks Rotter in the back with a wooden plank with nails, but Rotter kills him by smashing the plank into his neck. Skye cries for her friend, and Courtney runs away as Rotter chases her. Courtney ends up in the back kitchen area of the club and as she sees Jams\' dead body, she accidentally runs into a meat tenderizer held by Rotter. As Courtney lies on the ground in pain, he smashes her face with the tenderizer. Zoe, high on the medication Skye gave her earlier, stumbles away only to run into Rotter before blacking out. As Carolyn reaches the club to stop the party, furious, Alex sees the stripper cake brought out for display. Inside, the half-awake Zoe, who is covered in alcohol, lights a lighter and accidentally sets herself on fire, erupting from the cake in flames. The party-goers scurry out after Zoe falls on the ground outside and Brigg uses a fire extinguisher on her severely burned body. She soon dies. Brigg rushes in to find Skye. Skye finally escapes from the upper level of the club and finds her mother telling Rotter to let Alex go as he holds a knife to her throat. Rotter then reveals his present to Skye--Ted\'s head in a plastic bag. Alex cries, and Carolyn tells Rotter that Alex is actually his daughter too, but she refused to leave Alex with him. Carolyn then blames Skye for what has happened and Rotter slits Carolyn\'s throat instead. Skye and Alex run and hide, and Skye refuses to let her father kill Alex. Brigg steps in and begins to beat up Rotter, but Skye says to let him go. As Rotter lays on the ground, Skye stabs him in the heart. Some time later, Alex is in therapy, and it is revealed that she now lives with her grandparents. Skye lives with Brigg and his family back home. Alex tells her therapist that she has no harsh feelings towards Skye for the murders of her family and friends, but she later goes into the bathroom and looks at a picture of herself and Skye on her phone. Alex smashes a mirror, suggesting that she in fact does blame Skye for the massacre.'] ['The film centers around a serial killer known as "The Card Player", who is kidnapping young women in Rome. Using a webcam set-up, the killer challenges the police by forcing them to play hands of Internet poker. If the police lose, the kidnapped victim is tortured and murdered on-screen. When a British tourist is among the girls murdered, policeman John Brennan  is assigned the case and quickly teams up with Italian detective Anna Mari . The duo have their work cut out for them when the Police Chief\'s daughter  becomes the killer\'s latest kidnapping victim.'] ['{{Anchor}}  The movie begins with a scene showing a sleeping girl being menaced by a female vampire in her bedroom. The dream is abandoned when the sleeping girl wakes up screaming in the front seat of her father\'s forest green Jeep Cherokee. She then tells her father that she has had "the same dream again".  Jenny and her father, Travis, who is at the helm of said forest green Jeep Cherokee, are driving at a steady 5 miles per hour, to an undisclosed location. Suddenly there is an incident. Jenny yells out "DAD!" as the jeep proceeds to plow over a zombie dressed up like a roadside construction worker. The zombie\'s head goes flying skyward immediately following the impact, though its body still shows a head visibly attached. The audience is then treated to a techno rave ballad as the jeep fades from view, and the beginning credits roll.  A radio news reporter describes a recent and horrific epidemic of zombiedom that has swept the calm countryside of the once peaceful set of woods with one road and a gas station. The reports indicate that a symptom of said outbreak is "murder". They then pull up beside a stalled car with three occupants: an older woman and two younger women- one of whom is bound and gagged. Ignoring the bound and gagged girl, Travis gives the other girl a lift. This girl is possibly a vampire named Carmilla, or possibly not. This is followed by a very long sequence at a roadside gas-station in which a strange woman in gothic make-up (possibly a witch or [[Magician  hands them a necklace.  As the gas-station attendant  gets sucked into an orgy of violence at the hands of vampires/zombies, Travis, his daughter Jenny, and Carmilla drive off, only to break down further down the road. They are stranded for hours until a guy in a Land Rover drives up. As the driver is turning into a vampire, Travis kills him and uses some of his supplies to fix the jeep. He lets Jenny and Carmilla steal the Land Rover. As Travis drives ahead in the jeep, Carmilla and Jenny indulge in lesbian sex in the commandeered Land Rover. The destination is the original crypt Carmilla had been buried in. Flashbacks of a madhouse emerge, where Carmilla is revealed to be a nurse, and Jenny her insane patient. Later, they make their way to the crypt, where they encounter more zombies/vampires. After the true reality of the situation is revealed, they check into a motel. Bright-red stage blood flows in these gory and surreal scenes, which could be delusional or possibly flash-backs. There is also a vampire-hunter known as \'The General\' who may be pursuing them, or possibly, arranging a rendezvous, due to his daughter being kidnapped by a female colleague of Carmilla. The film ends with a spinning book and the words, The End.'] ['The film opens with a female high school student meeting a man and woman in a remote location. She is stabbed in the neck with a pair of scissors. This is followed by similar murder committed by the same people. The same couple follow another student who they have picked as their next target, but before they can kill her she is joined by an older man. Later they find her body in a park. She was also stabbed in the neck with a pair of scissors in a copycat murder. The film follows several different plot strands, including the psychological condition of the woman and her relationship with the man, the background of the student who was killed in the copycat murder, and the police hunt for the murderers. It emerges that the female murderer has a split personality, and the man she is seen with is actually a vision of her dead father caused by her guilt over his suicide when she was younger. The copycat murderer was the police psychological profiler, who had been having an affair with the high school student. By the end of the film the psychological profiler is dead, and the police blame him for all three murders. The real scissors murderer has a final vision of her father, in which he tells her that he always loved her and she was not to blame for his death. She is then free to be happy.'] ['Some months after the conclusion of the previous film, Jason Voorhees  remains dead and chained to a rock at the bottom of Crystal Lake. Ten year-old Tina Shepard  hears her alcoholic father physically abusing her mother at their lake house. The emotional trauma unlocks Tina\'s previously latent telekinetic powers, which causes the boating dock to collapse, drowning him in Crystal Lake. Ten years later, Tina  is still struggling with guilt and has lived in a series of mental institutions ever since. Her mother, Amanda Shepard , and her therapist, Dr. Crews  convene at the lake house for a field session. Unbeknownst to them, Dr. Crews actually intends to exploit Tina\'s anguish to study her abilities; because Tina\'s powers lash out under extreme duress, Crews continually needles her to keep her stress levels high. Despite her suspicions of his true intentions, Tina begrudgingly cooperates with the tests. Meanwhile, several teenagers are residing in the neighboring vacation home to surprise their friend Michael for his birthday. Despite their friendship with Michael, most do not get long with each other: a bookworm named Maddy, the perky Robin, inept science-fiction writer Eddie, a stoner named David, an uptight Ivy League student named Russel and his girlfriend Sandra, Ben with his girlfriend Kate, and a snobbish socialite named Melissa. Michael\'s cousin Nick  is smitten by Tina and attempts to befriend her, much to Melissa\'s chagrin. Tina, eager to forge normal relationships with her peers, attempts to make friends with the others, with mixed results. After a particularly stressful session with Dr. Crews, Tina flees the house to the dock to grieve and senses the presence of Jason\'s severely decayed body in the lake. Mistaking it for her father, she focuses her powers and inadvertently resurrects Jason and frees him. Tina faints upon seeing him, and he swims to shore unobserved; upon hearing the story, Crews dismisses the incident as a hallucination. Michael\'s car breaks down en route to the cabin and are killed when Jason comes across them; he later kills another couple at their campsite. Tina has a vision of Michael\'s death and discovers the tent spike used to kill them embedded in the porch door; when she tries to show Crews the evidence she finds it missing and doubts her sanity. Jason begins to kill Michael\'s friends throughout the course of the night as they venture outside: Russel with an axe, Sandra by drowning, and Maddy with a sickle. Dr. Crews, meanwhile, has suspicions about Tina\'s vision of a "man in the lake" after it is revealed he has hidden the tent spike, and goes for a walk in the woods, where he comes across Michael\'s body wedged in a tree. He returns to find that Mrs. Shepard has read his notes and discovered his motives. Desperate to get away, Crews cancels the trip and intends to take Tina back to have her committed and drugged. Tina overhears the argument and flees in her mother\'s car. She has a vision of Jason killing her mother and veers off the road. Mrs. Shepard and Dr. Crews discover her car and go into the woods to find her. Jason kills Ben and Kate in the party van, while Melissa abruptly cancels a feigned affair with Eddie and leaves in search of Nick; Jason enters the vacation cabin to murder the remaining teens. Tina and Nick reunite in the woods and discover Michael\'s body. They return to the lake house and discover evidence of Crews\' deception, and Jason\'s true identity. Nick runs next door to warn his friends, but finds them all dead, and Tina runs to the woods to find her mother, unaware that Jason has killed both her and Dr. Crews. She finds Jason\'s victims strewn across the woods, including the body of her mother. Tina returns to the vacation cabin and finds Jason waiting for her. Distraught over the events, she focuses her rage and attacks Jason with her powers. A house-wide battle ensues between the two, but despite enduring a battery of assaults--including electrocution--Jason proves impervious to their lethality. Eventually Tina collapses the porch roof on Jason and assumes him dead. She returns to the lake house to find Nick and Melissa. Melissa is unnerved by their stories and storms out of the house, but as she opens the door, Jason kills her with an axe and pursues Nick and Tina through the house. Tina fights back, eventually splitting his mask in half and throwing him into the basement, where she uses her powers to immolate him. The fire grows out of control and Nick rescues her. They escape the house to the dock just as the house explodes. Jason survives the blast and attacks them, knocking Nick unconscious and incapacitating Tina. In a last, desperate effort, Tina reaches out with her mind as before. Her resurrected father bursts through the dock and wraps Jason\'s old chains around his neck and drags him into the lake, ultimately drowning him. The following morning, firefighters douse the remaining blaze and find Jason\'s mask. Nick wakes up in an ambulance next to Tina and anxiously asks about Jason. Tina tells him that "we took care of him" as the ambulance drives off to town. An alternate ending filmed but cut from the final release, showed Jason rising from the water and attacking a fisherman in his boat dragging him under.'] ["Tracy  is a camp counselor working to close down Camp Placid Pines for the winter. Also there is counselors Sofie , Mike , Angela , Elvis , Ryan , James  and boss Rick . At night, the counselors are having a bonfire when Angela suggests a game of Bloody Murder. Upset, Tracy leaves with Mike, while Sofie reveals Tracy's brother, Jason , disappeared at the camp years previously, believed to be dead at the hands of the local myth Trevor Moorehouse. While taking Tracy back to her cabin, Mike upsets her, so he returns back to the bonfire as the others are telling the story of Trevor Moorehouse, who was supposedly in an accident at the camp years ago and was put in a mental hospital. Continuing on to a game of bloody murder, James is chosen to be it. He is blindfolded as the others run through the forest to hide. Soon after, Mike and Ryan dress up as Trevor Moorehouse and scare James, causing a fight to break out. Everyone returns to their cabins apart from James, who remains at the fire. James is then confronted by the real Trevor Moorehouse, who chops off his legs with a machete, before crushing his head with a rock. The next morning, Tracy and Mike make up, before the counselors meet in the mess hall for breakfast with an angry Rick who tells the group that James left a note saying he was leaving the camp. Camp cook, Juanita  becomes scared, thinking Trevor Moorehouse murdered James, and so decides she will leave the camp later that day. As the counselors set about their tasks, Sofie and Elvis contemplate the existence of Trevor Moorehouse, while Angela and Ryan take a shower together. Ryan gets a message from Rick on his pager that he wants to see him, so he leaves only to find a grave dug in the forest. Ryan is soon shot in the neck with an arrow, before Trevor Moorehouse buries him. Meanwhile, Tracy spots Trevor Moorehouse walking through the forest, and warns Mike, Sofie and Elvis. They call in Sheriff Miller , who doesn't believe Tracy is telling the truth. As the day comes to an end, Tracy and Mike fall out once more, before Rick tells the group that Ryan paged him saying he had quit. Angela, upset, wanders off herself, while Tracy begins to believe something strange is happening at the camp. Tracy, Sofie and Elvis decide to find Mike and Angela and find out what is going on. Mike comforts Angela and the pair have sex. Elvis sees them, and so returns to Tracy and Sofie telling them he had not found them. Mike realises his clothes are missing, before Angela discovers Ryan's body half buried in the ground. Mike leaves as he doesn't want Tracy knowing about him and Angela, as the others turn up. Tracy, Sofie, Elvis and Angela are taken back to camp by Sheriff Miller, who tells them they can not leave the camp as they are suspects in the death of Ryan. Sheriff Miller then leaves to find Rick and Mike, while two deputies, Deputy Tim  and Deputy Carver , take Tracy and Elvis to the showers as they are covered in mud. The deputies are knocked unconscious, while Elvis is stabbed to death by Trevor Moorehouse. Sheriff Miller returns with Rick, and suspicion soon falls on a missing Mike, as a mask was found in his cabin. The following day, Tracy finds a camcorder set up outside Mike's cabin. She plays the footage, which shows Mike entering the cabin, before Trevor Moorehouse emerges moments after. Mike then appears to Tracy, who screams for help. Mike flees, but is caught by the deputies and taken to prison. At night, Sofie comforts Tracy, before Tracy has a dream that Trevor Moorehouse reveals himself to be Rick. In the morning, Tracy, Sofie and Angela being to have doubts that Mike is the true killer, and decide to recover Ryan and Rick's pagers to see if Rick was telling the truth about the messages before Ryan's disappearance. Meanwhile, at the police station, Mike tells Sheriff Miller that he is innocent and someone has altered the recordings from the camcorder. Back at camp, Tracy checks Rick's pager while he is in the shower, and finds that there are no pages from Ryan. At night, Sofie cooks the dinner to stop Rick from becoming suspicious. While Tracy checks the recordings once more, she discovers the footage has been altered. As Angela searches for Ryan's pager, Trevor Moorehouse murders her with a machete. Tracy warns Sofie, who sets off to find Angela. Tracy goes into Rick's office to find the keys, but Rick appears. Rick attempts to tell her of his innocence, but Tracy runs away. Meanwhile, as Sofie finds Angela's body, she is knocked unconscious. Tracy manages to phone Sheriff Miller, before she is chased by Rick. As Rick corners her, Sheriff Miller arrives and shoots Rick. Sheriff Miller begins to drive Tracy back into town, but he reveals he was the true killer, getting revenge for what happened to his son, Trevor Moorehouse. Tracy finds Mike's dead body in the back seat, before Sheriff Miller handcuffs her to a log. Sofie appears, and Sheriff Miller chases her back to the camp. Tracy frees herself, and meets with Sofie at the camp. They are chased by Sheriff Miller, however Trevor Moorehouse appears and decapitates him with a chainsaw, allowing Tracy and Sofie to escape. So, who was that Trevor Moorehouse? the film didn't show that, was it the Sheriff son? or Tracy's brother? it's left to the viewer's conclusion."] ['Detective Anna Manni  travels to Florence on the trail of a serial killer . While at a museum, Anna is struck by the Stendhal syndrome, which causes people to become overwhelmed by great works of art. The killer uses this disorder against Anna, kidnapping and raping her. She escapes, but is deeply traumatized. She eventually finds redemption and a whole new perspective to life.'] ["Young babysitter Amanda arrives at the Lloyd residence to spend the evening looking after a young child. Soon after the Lloyds leave, a series of frightening occurrences in the gloomy old house have Amanda's nerves on edge. The real terror begins, however, when the child's biological father appears after recently escaping from a nearby mental institution."] ['On Snape Island, a small isolated point off the English coast, a series of bizarre brutal murders have taken place. A team of archeologists decide to head to the island to uncover a possible Phoenician treasure, but instead they find a horrific mystery when someone, or something, begins to kill off the curious trespassers.'] ['The film revolves around five young adults who are about to find themselves in a fight for their lives, pitted against evil itself. While on vacation in a foreign city, one of the five makes a seemingly innocent albeit ignorant mistake and soon all of them will realize the cost of such an inconsequential action.Bloody Disgusting Horror - "Live Feed " Movie Info'] ["As the film begins New Year's Eve is on its way and television's most famous punk rock lady icon, Diane Sullivan or Blaze as her fans call her, is holding a late night countdown celebration of music and partying. All is going well until Diane receives a phone call from an odd sounding stranger claiming his name is Evil, who announces on live television that when the clock strikes twelve in each time zone, a 'Naughty Girl' will be punished , then the killer signs off with a threat claiming that Diane will be the last Naughty Girl to be punished. Saturday Nightmares: New Year's Evil The studio crew takes safety measures and heightens security, but in the local insane asylum a nurse is found viciously slaughtered at the stroke of midnight EST. The killer records his victims as he murders them and calls back the station each time playing the tapes back to prove he's serious. There are many suspects as to who the mysterious killer/caller is; a crazed fan, a religious psychotic, or maybe it's someone much closer to Diane than anyone could have ever expected.New Year's Evil  - Plot summary"] ['Six years after the events of Halloween 5, it is revealed that the Man in Black seen throughout the previous movie who had rescued Michael from the Haddonfield Police Station had also abducted his niece Jamie Lloyd. At this point, a now 15 year old Jamie  has been impregnated. The baby is born on October 30, 1995 and is then carried away by the Man in Black who appears to be a leader of a Druidistic-like cult. Later that night, Mary , a nurse, helps Jamie escape with her baby she warns is in harms way. Michael , in pursuit of Jamie and her newborn, kills the nurse. Jamie and the baby flee in a stolen pickup of a drunk motorist  and hides at a dark and deserted bus station. She calls into a local radio station for help, only to be ignored by the DJ Barry Simms  who is doing a broadcast on the Haddonfield murders. Michael Myers nearly corners her, but she escapes only to later be run off the road by Michael. Beaten and exhausted, she makes her way inside of an old barn where Michael pushes her into a corn thresher, only to find that Jamie does not have the baby. Meanwhile, Tommy Doyle , the child Laurie Strode babysat in the first film, has his eye on a family who has moved into the old Myers house across the street from the boarding house where he lives. The boarding house is run by a mysterious old woman named Mrs. Blankenship . For years, Tommy has been obsessed with finding the truth behind the murderous motives of Michael Myers. After hearing Jamie begging for help on a local radio show, Tommy finds her baby at the bus station, takes the child into his care and names him Steven. Tommy runs into Dr. Loomis  at the Haddonfield Memorial Hospital and tells him of a family living in the old Myers house when the two are convinced Michael has indeed come back to Haddonfield. The people living in the Myers house are relatives of the Strode family who had adopted Laurie. While Kara Strode , her six-year-old son, Danny , and Kara\'s teenage brother, Tim , are at school, Dr. Loomis visits their mother Debra Strode  and reveals to her that she is living in Michael\'s home. After he leaves, Debra calls her husband John  who is at work and tries to convince him to leave Haddonfield but is then killed by Michael. Later, Kara returns home to find Danny in his room with Tommy, whom he had met while on his way home. The three of them go to Tommy\'s house across the street, where Tommy reveals to Kara that he believes Michael was selected by a cult of people to be under the influence of an ancient rune symbol called Thorn; that druid astronomers claimed originated from a constellation of stars that appear from time to time on Halloween night. It is an ancient Druid curse that represented a demon that spread sickness and caused destruction. To prevent this, a child from each tribe was chosen to inherit the curse and would offer a blood sacrifice of its next of kin on the night of Samhain . The curse explains why Michael is trying to kill his family and also accounts for his superhuman abilities. While Tommy goes out to look for Dr. Loomis at a party at the Haddonfield Junior College, Mrs. Blankenship reveals to Kara  that she was babysitting Michael Myers when he killed his sister many years ago, and that Danny hears the "voice" telling him to kill just like Michael Myers heard when she was babysitting him the night he killed Judith. This indicates that he is to be the next child to come into the influence of Thorn. Meanwhile, Michael kills Barry Simms then Tim and his girlfriend Beth . After Tommy returns to the boarding house with Dr. Loomis, the "Man in Black" finally reveals himself as Dr. Wynn , . After a terrifying showdown, he and his cult of people who appear to be the "Cult of Thorn" take Kara, Danny, Steven, and Michael back to Smith\'s Grove Sanitarium, with Tommy and Dr. Loomis drugged for the time being. When they awake, they follow the cult to Smith\'s Grove where Loomis confronts Dr. Wynn. Wynn credits him for recognizing the evil he corrupted inside Michael, and implies how Jamie\'s baby represents a new cycle of it. After inviting Loomis to join in on his conspiracy, Loomis calls Wynn out on his evil scheme before being knocked unconscious by a staff member. Meanwhile, Tommy finds Kara locked in a room in the maximum security ward. After a brief confrontation with Michael, they continue on to find Danny and Steven. In the hallway they see a team of surgeons, some dressed as cult members, standing near an operating room. Dr. Wynn joins them and tells them to take off their cult robes because "Halloween is over," suggesting that the doctors are posing as the Cult of Thorn to control Michael. Tommy and Kara soon sneak into the adjoining room where they find the children. They watch the doctors begin to perform the procedure, but Michael, seeing that the the doctors are not in their robes, soon interrupts it, walking in with a surgical machete and slaughtering them all, including Wynn. Tommy, Kara, and the kids run with Michael in hot pursuit until they hide in a high-tech medical laboratory. Inside the lab, Kara notices tanks containing human fetuses with a chart of runes and scientific letter codes; both connected together by the Thorn symbol. Dr. Wynn and his team seem to have been trying to discover the source of pure evil in Michael\'s DNA, possibly using women of the institution and Jamie for IVF experiments, resulting in Steven\'s birth. Michael breaks into the room where Tommy injects him with tranquilizers of a corrosive and beats him into unconsciousness with a lead pipe. As Dr. Loomis, Tommy, Kara, Danny, and Steven are about to escape, Loomis tells them to go on without him because he has "a little business" to attend to. Back inside the building, Michael\'s mask is found lying on the floor of the lab room as the screams of Dr. Loomis can be heard in the background.'] ["The movie tells the story of Edward, a research scientist and his relationship with his artist girlfriend Britt. Edward is doing research in an attempt to read and record people's thoughts. The extensive time he puts into his research leaves him little time for his relationship with Britt. Just as Edward is about to give up on his research, he is contacted by the mysterious Everett Longstreet who offers Edward both a place to do his research and unlimited funding. As Edward gets closer to making a breakthrough with his research he becomes suspicious of Everett and his ulterior motives as he realizes that he is getting closer to not only unlocking the mind but also the secrets of eternal life."] ['Jill Johnson  is babysitting the children of a doctor at their home. When the children are asleep, Jill receives a telephone call from a man who asks her if she has checked the children. At first, Jill dismisses the telephone calls as a practical joke; however, as the calls become more frequent and threatening, Jill becomes frightened and telephones the police, who promise that they would trace the call if Jill would keep him on the telephone line long enough. Jill, frightened to extreme measures, arms herself as she receives one final telephone call from the nefarious caller. Soon after her conversation with him, Jill receives a call from the police, only to find out that the stalker is calling from inside the house. The suspense of this part of the movie climaxes when a light turns on at the top of the staircase, which allows Jill to see the shadow of the stalker. Jill immediately runs to the front door to scream for help. Officer John Clifford  is then shown at the police investigation. At this point, the viewer learns that the children had been murdered by the perp several hours earlier. Also, the murderer is identified; he is an English merchant seaman named Curt Duncan , and is subsequently sent to an asylum. Seven years later, Duncan escapes from the asylum, still psychopathic. Dr. Mandrakis hires ex-cop Clifford, now a private investigator, to find Duncan. Still not knowing Clifford is after him, Duncan is now a homeless, vagrant loner. He gets into a fight and is beaten after disturbing a middle-aged woman, Tracy , in a tavern, and later follows her to her apartment. Feeling sorry for his disastrous appearance and for the fact that his attempts at a conversation with her started the fight in the first place, Tracy makes light conversation with him. While they are in the doorway talking, Tracy\'s phone rings forcing her to excuse herself so she can go answer it. While she is on the phone, Duncan lets himself into her apartment. Tracy doesn\'t tell him to leave her place right away nor explicitly rebuffs his awkward proposal to visit her for coffee the next night, assuming or hoping it will be the last of him she will see. Meanwhile an increasingly obsessed and vindictive Clifford, having confided to a former partner  that his intention is to kill Duncan rather than arrest him, follows Duncan\'s trail right to the tavern where the fight took place, and from there to Tracy\'s residence—- precisely the same night in which Duncan is likely to arrive for his visit. Clifford goes there and tells her just how dangerous her situation has become. He also tells her that Duncan literally tore and hacked up Mandrakis\' children with his bare hands, rendering them virtually unrecognizable, which explains why he was found smeared with blood by the police; this, along with some eerie flashbacks experienced by Duncan later in the movie, is one of the few moments where the carnage at the Mandrakis household is described. Upon hearing this, Tracy reluctantly accepts to be Clifford\'s bait at the tavern that evening, although Duncan doesn\'t arrive and she finally decides to return home. Clifford then leaves Tracy\'s place; Duncan, who was hiding in Tracy\'s closet, pushes her to the wall and briefly muffles her cries for help. When he frees her, her horrified shrieks alert Clifford, force the intruder to flee the scene and mark the start of a cat-and-mouse chase through the streets of downtown Los Angeles, during which Clifford is outrun during at least two occasions and finally loses Duncan\'s track. Jill Johnson is now an adult, married with two young children. One night, Jill and her husband Stephen go out to dinner in celebration of a promotion. A friend named Sharon babysits her children. She references that she saw Jill in the newspaper. Curt Duncan happens to find the same newspaper in the city, and begins to look for Jill once again. While the couple is out, Jill gets a telephone call at the restaurant. She answers, and gets another "Have you checked the children...?" Jill panics and calls Sharon. She says nothing is wrong. The police arrive and escort Jill back home. John Clifford tries to telephone Jill, but gets no signal. Jill and Stephen sleep. Later, Jill goes down for a glass of milk, when the lights go out. She goes back upstairs and gets in bed once again. The closet door opens a little, and she hears the voice of Curt Duncan. She tries to awaken Stephen, who turns around, revealing that Curt is actually in the bed. He rips Jill\'s nightgown and chases her around the room. Clifford arrives, and kills Curt, shooting him twice. Stephen is revealed to be in the closet, alive but seemingly unconscious. As Clifford comforts Jill, the last view is of the house, in view of the frightening eyes of Curt Duncan.'] ["Superhuman serial killer Jason Voorhees has been dead and buried for years. However, Tommy Jarvis, who killed Jason in self defense when he was twelve years old, is still haunted by his encounter despite having been released from the mental institute after an extended period of time. Intent on cremating Jason's body to rid himself of his demons, Tommy, and his friend Hawes, breaks into the cemetery containing Jason's grave. He and Hawes exhume Jason's casket, but before they can cremate the body, an infuriated Tommy begins stabbing it with a steel fence post. Unfortunately, the fence post acts as a lightning rod for an incoming storm, and a bolt of lightning brings Jason back to life. Jason rips Hawes' heart out and throws his body into the exhumed coffin while Tommy escapes. Tommy returns to the town of Crystal Lake, the site of Jason's killings, which has now been renamed Forest Green to distance itself from negative publicity. Tommy attempts to warn the town sheriff, Mike Garris, of Jason's return, but Garris, aware of Tommy's institutionalization, writes him off as mentally disturbed, and has him locked in a holding cell. Meanwhile, Jason begins a trek back to the lake that which was the site of his drowning as a child. En route, he encounters Lizabeth and Darren, a pair of summer camp supervisors, who are themselves headed to the lake to supervise the reopening of the summer camp. Jason attacks and kills them, leaving their bodies in the woods. The next morning, Sheriff Garris's daughter, Megan, who is slated to be one of the camp counselors, arrives with fellow counselors Cort, Sissy, and Paula, to report Lizabeth and Darren missing. Tommy cites their disappearance as evidence of Jason's return, but is met with hostility from everyone but Megan, who takes a liking to him. Sheriff Garris sends the counselors off to the campsite and then escorts Tommy out of town, and en route, Tommy flees to the cemetery to try to show Garris the open grave, only to discover that the groundskeeper, fearful of being implicated for digging up the grave due to his alcoholism, has covered the grave, and, consequently, Hawes's body, with dirt. Garris handcuffs Tommy and takes him to the city limits, warning him not to return. Meanwhile, a quintet of business people playing paintball in the woods are set upon by Jason, who kills them and steals their supplies. That night, Jason continues making his way back to Crystal Lake, in the process killing the grave digger and a nearby couple having a picnic. Cort meets up with a local girl, Nikki, and leaves the camp to have sex with her in the woods, but they end up in Jason's path, and are both subsequently killed by him. Sheriff Garris's Deputy finds the bodies including the corporate executives that were playing paintball, and believes that Tommy has killed them, living out a delusion of Jason's return. Tommy, meanwhile, has contacted Megan, having figured out a way to defeat Jason after having read books on monsters and folklore. He can be incapacitated by being trapped beneath the surface of the lake where he drowned. Megan attempts to bring Tommy back to the camp, but they are intercepted by one of Garris's roadblocks, and Tommy is arrested, and Megan is escorted back to the police station to await her father's return from the field. The police's attention on Tommy permits Jason to slip into the summer camp, where he kills Paula and Sissy, but refrains from harming any of the children. Megan and Tommy escape the police station and make it to the lake, where the pursuing police are forced to acknowledge Jason's return when he attacks them. Garris and his deputies briefly incapacitate Jason by shooting him with high caliber weapons, but Jason ultimately recovers and kills them all including Sheriff Garris by bending him in two. He then attempts to kill Megan, but is distracted by Tommy, who beckons to him from the lake. Seemingly remembering Tommy, Jason abandons Megan and wades out to the lake, where Tommy ambushes him with a chain attached to a large boulder. A fight ensues, during which both Tommy and Jason are knocked into the water, and as Tommy attempts to swim to the surface, Jason pulls him underwater and apparently drowns him. Megan swims out to save Tommy and is likewise attacked by Jason, but finally incapacitates him by ramming a motor boat propeller into his neck and jaw eventually breaking his neck. Back on land, Megan revives Tommy with CPR and the children celebrate. At the bottom of the lake, Jason floats, attached to the boulder, still alive but powerless to escape."] ['{{Plot}} On March 17, 994., The Leprechaun is a thousand years old. Since that is his birthday, he can choose any woman to be his bride. He picks a young girl of the O\'Day family. The Leprechaun describes the girl he has chosen to O\'Day, but when O\'Day sees that the girl is in fact his daughter, he intervenes with "God bless you, my child" therefore denying the Leprechaun his bride, as the creature can marry any girl who sneezes three times, provided no one says "God bless you." The Leprechaun captures, tortures and tells O\'Day that he will marry his descendant in a thousand years time on St Patrick\'s Day, before he kills O\'Day, whose corpse is then discovered by his daughter. In present day Los Angeles, the Leprechaun has found a petulant sixteen-year-old girl named Bridget Callum, a descendant of the O\'Day bloodline, who is fighting with her boyfriend, Cody Ingalls. Cody, whose legal guardian is his uncle, Morty, frequently has to break their dates in order to support Morty, an alcoholic scam artist. The Leprechaun steals some whiskey and a gold tooth from a homeless man and a gold ring off the finger of Tim Street, a talent agent, who believes that the little man is some kind of performer. After all of this, he follows Bridget to her house, where a boy named Ian attempts to persuade her into letting him in; she refuses with a swift elbow to his ribs. The Leprechaun then creates an illusion that fools Ian into believing that Bridget is asking him to kiss her breasts, while in actuality, they are a pair of lawnmower blades that start up after Ian shoves his face into them. Shortly afterwards, Cody knocks on the door and apologizes, offering flowers, which causes Bridget to sneeze all over his shirt. The third time she sneezes, Cody begins to say "God bless you," but is unable to complete the blessing when the Leprechaun attempts to strangle him with a telephone cord. After a struggle, the Leprechaun grabs Bridget and disappears, losing one of his gold coins, which Cody soon finds. The police soon arrive, find Bridget missing, Ian badly injured, and a note from Cody at the scene, leading them to get an arrest warrant out for him. Cody returns to Morty\'s house and tells him what happened; Morty is convinced that he is crazy until the Leprechaun breaks into the house and they barely escape. Morty and Cody then go to a bar, which is filled with little people dressed as leprechauns, celebrating St. Patrick\'s Day. While there, Cody is given a piece of chocolate in a gold wrapper by one of the bar\'s patrons ([[Tony Cox . The Leprechaun appears and Morty challenges him to a drinking contest in honor of his wedding. While the Leprechaun downs whiskey, Morty is actually drinking soda and water. The Leprechaun eventually becomes extremely drunk, so much to the point he can barely speak properly or use his magic. He distracts Morty and Cody by turning on a jukebox with his powers, leading him to bash Morty in the head with a bottle to get away. He goes to a coffee shop, where he sobers up, and takes the time to murder a waiter ([[Michael McDonald  who was making jokes about his size and speech. Upon being asked for payment for the coffee, the leprechaun thinks the waiter wants to take his gold and kills him. Meanwhile, Cody and Morty break into the go-kart racetrack that Ian worked at since the office contains a huge safe on wheels made of wrought iron, the only thing that can harm the Leprechaun. Cody traps the Leprechaun inside, but Morty takes advantage of the opportunity to claim three wishes and locks Cody in a store room. His first is for the Leprechaun\'s pot of gold, which the creature causes to appear in Morty\'s stomach, grotesquely stretching it. Morty wishes for the Leprechaun out of the safe so that he can help him, and, for his third wish, asks for the pot of gold out of him. The Leprechaun cuts Morty\'s stomach open and pulls out the pot, killing Morty. Morty begs for help as he dies, but the Leprechaun laughingly says "love to, friend, but you\'re all out of wishes." Just then, as Cody breaks out of the store room, a security guard, who has responded to a silent alarm that Morty tripped, enters. The Leprechaun disappears, setting Cody up to take the fall for the brutal murder. Before he can arrest Cody, however, the officer is lured onto the track by the Leprechaun\'s impersonation of Bridget and is run over twice and killed by the little green man in his own custom go-kart. He attempts to kill Cody for his gold coin, but Cody realizes that as long as he holds it, the Leprechaun cannot harm him, leading him to run to the Leprechaun\'s lair to attempt rescuing Bridget. Before he can find Bridget, however, Cody is attacked by the skeleton of Willam O\' Day carrying out the Leprechaun\'s bidding. When he manages to fell the skeleton, he is encased in a tangle of tree roots. When the tree roots turn out to be an illusion, he finally stumbles upon Bridget in the Leprechaun\'s room with a gold collar on her neck. Suddenly, the Leprechaun corners Cody, demanding that he return his coin. Bridget, who has been picking at her collar with a broken awl, breaks off the collar, throws it at the Leprechaun\'s head, and runs. Cody follows. The Leprechaun dusts off his hat and pursues them both . Wherever Cody and Bridget run, they end up back in the same place. In their mad dash to find an exit, Bridget and Cody get separated. When they meet up again, Bridget convinces Cody to leave the coin behind on the supposition that the Leprechaun will stop chasing them if they give him what he wants. When Cody is reluctant to part with the coin, the only thing that is keeping the Leprechaun from harming them, Bridget turns on the charm and kisses him, so Cody hands her the coin. Bridget backs away and starts to laugh saying "You Lose!" in the Leprechaun\'s voice. The Leprechaun knocks Cody across the room and then goes after Bridget, intending to lead her to their wedding bed. Suddenly, Cody jumps up and shoves an iron crowbar through the Leprechaun\'s chest. As the Leprechaun begins to sizzle, Cody points out that the gold coin he gave him was actually the gold-covered milk chocolate that a St. Paddy\'s Day reveler had given him earlier. Together, Cody and Bridget run out of the lair, and the Leprechaun explodes behind him. In the final scene, Bridget asks Cody how he knew that the illusionary Bridget wasn\'t really her kissing him, and Cody informs her that her kisses are different. She then asks him whether he\'s going to keep the coin. "It\'s not worth it," Cody replies and tosses it on the ground.'] ['An 18-year-old girl named Drew Decker  receives a threatening phone call while home alone one night. In an opening which closely mirrors Scream, Drew is chased outside by Ghostface, who then rips off her sweater and skirt, leaving her clothed in her white bra and thong. Drew runs through her garden sprinklers but she is then stabbed in the breast by Ghostface, removing one of her silicone breast implants, hit by a car driven by her father , and then killed by Ghostface. The next day, Cindy Campbell , meets up with her boyfriend Bobby Prinze  and her friends, Brenda Meeks , Ray Wilkins , Greg Phillipe , and Buffy Gilmore . Various news teams - including hack reporter Gail Hailstorm  - converge on the school in the wake of Drew\'s brutal death. Gail hooks up with Buffy\'s mentally disabled brother Doofy ([[Dave Sheridan , hoping to milk the facts out of him. One day, while Cindy is in class, someone mysteriously leaves a note saying I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST HALLOWEEN. Cindy then realizes that Drew\'s murder occurred exactly one year after she and her friends accidentally killed a man during a wild car ride . Unwilling to face incarceration, the next day a series of increasingly bizarre events take place. Various members of the group receive threatening notes from Ghostface and are rapidly dispatched, but most remain steadfastly oblivious to the rising body count. The killer then attacks Cindy in her house. She tries to call the police but the killer escapes. Bobby arrives at her house but Ghostface  drops the knife and gloves which leads Cindy to thinking that Bobby is the killer the police arrest him . Greg is killed by Ghostface in plain view. Buffy tries to get help, but Buffy is at a beauty pageant and her talent was acting so they thought the cries were part of her act. Buffy, high on the success brought by the murder, becomes Ghostface\'s next victim. During the murder, Buffy thinks it\'s a game, so she does every cliche done by a white female in a horror film. Ghostface decapitates her . Later, Ghostface sticks his penis through Ray\'s head, seemingly killing him. Ghostface then attempts to dispose of Brenda during a showing of Shakespeare in Love, but the moviegoers, fed up with Brenda\'s constant loud interruptions during the movie, stab her repeatedly, seemingly killing her. Cindy throws a house party, hoping for safety in numbers. During the party, Bobby and Cindy go up stairs and have sex, no longer making Cindy a virgin. Ghostface unexpectedly appears and stabs Bobby, before disappearing quickly. Cindy gets a gun from a drawer near the entrance, Bobby follows and she tends to his wounds. Shorty , Brenda\'s stoner brother, comes up from the basement and informs them that the killer has murdered everybody in the house. Bobby takes the gun and shoots Shorty, revealing that his wound was an elaborate ruse. Ray then arrives on the scene - whereupon Bobby reveals to Cindy that he is now gay, and so is Ray - though Ray immediately denies it, despite his repeated homosexual advances and tendencies displayed throughout the movie. They announce their plan to kill her father and frame her sister. Bobby says he did it because Cindy never had sex with him and Bobby gleefully points out that even though their plan lacks sense it doesn\'t matter, since horror movies are not noted for their logic, they also say that are just copying the killer and are not the actual killers . Ray and Bobby also came up with a plan to make themselves look like heroes by giving each other stab wounds to indicate they fought her. But, Ray stabs Bobby repeatedly and nearly kills him revealing Ray\'s motive was because his favorite show The Wayans Bros.  had been cancelled. However, the real Ghostface abruptly turns up and stabs Ray, who collapses on top of Bobby in the Doggy style position. The killer then attacks Cindy, but she successfully subdues him by employing moves copied from The Matrix and kicks him through a window. Nonetheless, Ghostface vanishes before the police arrive. At the police station, Cindy and the local sheriff  realise that  Doofy - the only one who knew about the car accident - was actually faking his disability and is the true killer . Unfortunately, Doofy has already escaped with Gail Hailstorm. Upon finding his discarded disguise in the street, Cindy begins screaming "Noooooo" to the heavens - and gets run over by a car, presumably killing her  hence in reality the car crash only seriously injures  her. As the credits roll, Shorty - parodying the rules of a trilogy in Scream 3 - explains via videocassette that he may be in prison or deceased, but provides rules for surviving such a situation... which turn out to be instructions for surviving a snatch-and-run.'] ['A young woman named Noelle  lies dying in a prison hospital bed after being severely beaten by female inmates. Police detectives interview her, pressing her for her account of the events that lead to her incarceration. In a flashback, she thought she found her soul mate online when she met Adam . Eventually, they fall madly in love. Something about Adam isn\'t quite right, though, when he insists that Noelle eat him in order for them to be "truly one." Knowing his request is insane, she refuses and even stops taking his calls. However, Noelle finally gives in to his request. They drive out to the desert and bunk down in a warehouse. Noelle does the deed, cooks his innards, eats him, and then steps out for a smoke. A man shows up at the warehouse looking for old furniture, wanders into the grisly scene, and calls the police.'] ['An American ballet student, Suzy Banyon , arrives from her flight in Munich, Germany on a stormy night to enroll in a prestigious dance academy in Freiburg. After Suzy is unable to gain access into the academy, she decides to spend the night in town. Meanwhile, Pat Hingle , a former student who is expelled from the academy and seen leaving the academy in a somewhat frightened mood by Suzy, finds refuge at a friend\'s apartment in town. After Pat locks herself inside of the bathroom, a mysterious arm smothers Pat against the glass and repeatedly stabs her with a large knife and then graphically disembowels her. Her friend overhears her screaming and tries to scream for help, although nobody replies. Pat is then bound with a cord before she is hung in mid-air after crashing through a large stained-glass ceiling. Her friend is killed directly below by the falling glass and metal. Upon Suzy\'s arrival at the academy the next morning, she is introduced to Madame Blanc  and Miss Tanner . She is escorted to the ballet students\' locker room, where she meets Sarah  and Olga , the latter with whom she has arranged to stay with off-campus. The following morning, Blanc offers Suzy a dormitory room, but she declines Blanc\'s offer. After a strange encounter with the academy\'s cook , Suzy seemingly struggles before fainting during a lesson. Later that night, Suzy awakens to discover that she has been moved into a dormitory room against her wishes. The doctors then tell Suzy that she is to be "medicated" with a glass of wine daily. Suzy befriends Sarah after the two are roomed together. As Suzy and the rest of the students prepare for dinner, hundreds of maggots fall from the ceiling. The students are told this was due to spoiled food boxed in the attic. The girls are then invited to sleep in the practice hall overnight. During the night, Sarah identifies a distinctive whistling snore as that of the school\'s director, who is not due to return to the academy for several weeks. The next morning, Tanner orders Daniel to leave the academy immediately after his guide dog bites Albert. Later that night, Sarah overhears the teacher\'s footsteps and begins to count them whilst Suzy becomes irresistibly drowsy and falls asleep. Meanwhile, while Daniel and his guide dog cross a plaza within the city, Daniel senses a strange presence. Suddenly, his seemingly calm dog lunges at Daniel and tears his throat out, killing him. The next day, Suzy recalls the words "iris" and "secret" from Pat\'s mumbling before leaving the academy. Later that night, Suzy and Sarah go for a swim while Sarah reveals to Suzy that she and Pat were close friends, and recalls that Pat had been "talking strangely for some time". The two girls search for Pat\'s notes in Sarah\'s room, but they appear to have been stolen. Suzy suddenly becomes drowsy and falls asleep before Sarah flees to the attic after hearing approaching footsteps. Sarah is chased by an unseen pursuer and, thinking she will be able to escape through a window into another room, falls into a huge pile of barbed wire. Becoming entangled, she struggles in anguish until a mysterious black-gloved hand of a dark figure appears and slits her throat. The following morning, Blanc and Tanner inform Suzy that Sarah has abruptly left the academy. Confused and suspicious, Suzy goes to meet one of Sarah\'s acquaintances, a psychologist named Dr. Mandel , who explains that the academy was founded by Helena Markos, a cruel Greek émigré who was widely believed to be a witch. Dr. Mandel\'s colleague, Professor Millus, then tells Suzy that a coven can only survive with their queen. Upon Suzy\'s return to the academy that night, she discovers that all of the students have gone to the theater. She overhears the footsteps Sarah identified before and follows them to Blanc\'s office. She suddenly recalls Pat\'s mumbling after discovering irises painted all over the walls of Blanc\'s office. After entering a hidden passage, she discovers Blanc, Tanner and the staff forming a ritual where they plot Suzy\'s death. Unseen, Suzy then turns to find Sarah\'s body nailed to a coffin. Frightened, Suzy then sneaks into another room, where she accidentally awakens a shadowy figure who reveals herself as Helena Markos. Helena then orders Sarah\'s nearby corpse to rise from the dead to murder Suzy. Suzy then stabs Helena with one of the room\'s decorative knives, which appears to kill her  and Sarah\'s reanimated corpse. Helena\'s demise causes the building to set alight. As the academy is slowly destroyed with the coven inside, Suzy manages to escape before the entire building catches on fire.'] ['{{Plot}} In a Las Vegas pawn shop, a decrepit old man with one leg and hand shows up and pawns the shop owner Gupta with a statue wearing a medallion around its neck. The old man claims the statue is his good luck charm and warns Gupta to never touch the medallion it\'s wearing. Gupta cannot resist taking the medallion, so he removes it from the statue. Then a Leprechaun  suddenly springs to life from his statue prison, jumps on Gupta\'s back, and bites off a part of his ear, accusing him of being a greedy thief. Before he can cause him anymore harm, Gupta reveals that he is wearing a medallion that he found on the Leprechaun\'s then petrified body. The Leprechaun grabs his pot of gold and runs from it and hides in the basement, where Gupta traps him inside. The Leprachaun notices one gold coin is missing. Gupta then attempts to negotiate with the Leprechaun by allowing him to have half of the gold in exchange for the Leprechaun\'s freedom. Knowing he is being tricked, Leprechaun tosses the medallion aside. Gupta runs back upstairs to call for help, but is strangled to death by the Leprechaun via the phone cord. Meanwhile, college student Scott McCoy has just arrived in Las Vegas, but while driving on the streets, he notices a woman with car trouble. He stops and gives her a ride to the Lucky Shamrock Casino, where she works. Introduced as Tammy, Scott becomes immediately infatuated with her. While at the casino, Scott can\'t resist gambling, so he plays at the tables. He loses all of his money at the roulette wheel, so he goes to the local shop to pawn his watch, where he uncovers Gupta\'s lifeless body on the floor. While calling for police, Scott unknowingly finds and takes Leprechaun’s coin and is given one wish. The computer on the counter next to him states in folklore that one wish grants the mortal anything he or she desires and that it remains permanent if kept in possession by that mortal. After hearing this, Scott sarcastically wishes that he had a winning streak. After he leaves the shop , Scott strikes rich at the casino . He is later robbed by Loretta and Fazio, casino employees and then attacked by the Leprechaun. He is able to throw Leprechaun out of the hotel window, but in the process is bitten and some of Leprechaun\'s blood mixes with his. During his stay at the casino, Scott begins to undergo Leprechaun-like tendencies . In the meantime, Loretta and Fazio, along with the Lucky Shamrock\'s owner Mitch pass the coin around making wishes. Mitch wishes he could sleep with Tammy, Loretta wishes for a new body, and Fazio wishes that he were the greatest magician in the world. Leprechaun has survived the fall and one by one, he kills them off. When Mitch goes up to have sex with Tammy, Loretta steals the coin, and when it leaves the vicinity of the room, Tammy snaps out of the coin\'s spell. After she leaves the room, the Leprchaun enters, using magic to turn the television on. There is a very sexy woman who looks just like Tammy on the television and starts speaking Mitch\'s name. She comes out of the television and starts kissing Mitch. Mitch hears the Leprechaun on the television and looks up. When he looks back at the woman, she is actually a robot, which proceeds to electrocute him. Scott and Tammy spot the Leprechaun beside Mitch\'s body asking for the coin to be given back to him. Scott and Tammy subdue the Leprechaun and flee Mitch\'s room. Two casino workers walk in but are quickly killed by the Leprechaun. Outside the casino, Scott has begun to turn slowly into a Leprechaun himself from being bitten and must fight his urges. When Tammy takes him to the nearest hospital, Scott is promptly taken to the examination room. The doctors notice irregularity in both his skin and blood, due to Scott\'s transformation. Scott, now a tall Leprechaun, stands up from his stretcher, subdues the medical officials observing him, and starts wandering around the hospital sensing that his "brother" is somewhere in the building. Tammy, worried over Scott\'s condition, ventures into the empty hospital hallways to find him. Noticing a dead mortician, the Leprechaun captures her at the morgue and threatens to kill her if she doesn\'t tell him where Scott is. Before he can cause fatal harm to Tammy, Scott immediately appears and a showdown commences between the two. As they each use magic to subdue one another, Leprechaun warns Scott that his Leprechaun-like tendencies cannot be fought so easily and that he would eventually be drawn to the gold\'s power. Scott then informs him that Fazio is the one who has the coin, so Leprechaun strolls away in the stretcher and flips him off. Meanwhile, back in the casino, Loretta wishes for her 20-year-old body back. When confronted by the Leprechaun she tells him she doesn\'t have the coin anymore, the Leprechaun inflates her lips, chest, and buttocks. The inflated Loretta tries to escape via an open door but becomes stuck when she tried to squeeze her newly inflated buttocks through. She continues to grow larger before finally exploding. Shortly after, Fazio wished to be the best magician in the world. During his magic performance, however, Leprechaun shows up, and attempts to saw him in half. Leprechaun possessed an actual chainsaw at the time, and Fazio knew that Leprechaun was going to kill him. Fazio attempts to make another wish on the coin that he would be at Caesar\'s Palace, but to no avail since the Leprechaun informs him that he already made one wish and that it\'s pointless because he only gets one wish. Everyone in the crowd starts insisting they want the saw trick to be done, not knowing that there would be that much blood and gore. The whole crowd, in disgust, sees Fazio being killed on stage, they all screamed in fear. Tammy and Scott arrive and warn the people to leave for their own safety. The audience immediately leave, while Scott continues to battle with the Leprechaun. Still in Leprechaun form, Scott can\'t resist the pot of gold the Leprechaun leaves on the stage floor. Leprechaun promises Scott that if he takes the pot of gold, they\'ll share it, and Scott will be trapped forever as a Leprechaun. After hearing Tammy\'s pleas to not take it and that the Leprechaun\'s powers lie in his gold, Scott burns the gold, which in turn incinerates him. Scott morphs back to his regular self, and he and Tammy share a kiss and happily leave the casino together.'] ["While out for a jog in the community of Redston, a woman named Nancy is hacked to death with an axe by a figure wearing a fighter pilot helmet. Later, two couples consisting of Jon and Carrie, and Amy and Chris, head to Redston to camp out for the weekend, but en route they encounter a pair of hillbillies named Rich and Gene, who try to assault them. After the encounter with the backwoods duo  the quartet set up near some abandoned cabins, while the hillbillies murder two would-be pranksters named John and Ray. After wandering off alone to get her cigarettes, Carrie is killed by Gene and Joe, and her friends are captured while looking for her. Jon is knocked out in a fight with Joe, and disemboweled and eaten by the brothers, who force feed the other captives some of his innards. When Gene and Joe leave with Jon's body, Rich butchers Chris, and tries to rape Amy, but is stabbed with his own knife, and left for dead. Traversing the wilderness, Amy encounters Joe, and during the ensuing scuffle pulls off his helmet, revealing his horribly disfigured face. After Joe runs off, Gene and the recovered Rich recapture Amy, and cut out and eat her unborn child. An unknown amount of time later, the brothers are shown partaking in an unsuccessful hunt, and when Rich suggests they merely get fast food, Gene scolds him, reminding him that they promised their mother they would never eat those chemical-soaked foods. When Rich continues to complain, Gene and Joe become annoyed, and seemingly decide to eat him."] ['Vince ([[Stephen Graham  is depressed over his recent divorce. Six of his friends—Neil , Mikey , Graham , Matt , Patrick  and Banksy , all of whom have their own women problems—decide to take him on a "boy\'s weekend". They hire a minibus driven by Candy  to Moodley, a village where the women allegedly outnumber the men 4 to 1. Banksy misses the bus and travels to the town on his own. Arriving at the town, the boys find it quiet and surprisingly devoid of women. On the way back to the minibus, the men notice a hooded teenage girl Alison Carroll being attacked by a man in military uniform. They rush to her aid and in the confusion of the moment, the hooded teen takes the soldier\'s knife and stabs Neil. They run for the bus dragging the unconscious soldier with them but discover that Candy, their once-hot bus driver has already become infected. More infected women appear and begin to attack them as they retreat to a house owned by Mikey\'s grandmother. The soldier  admits that the town has been infected by a biological agent that turns women into man-hating cannibals. The men make another attempt to get on the bus, using the wounded Neil to lure Candy away. However two other infected women had joined her and chase the men back into the streets. They scatter about the village, hiding in a toy store, a clothes shop, and the butcher shop. Patrick gets trapped on a billboard. Neil runs into a house but is taken prisoner by a morbidly obese woman who cuts off his little finger and eats it. Neil eventually escapes and is joined by the others, after their own misadventures, in the local church. There they discover a military command center. Matt powers up the computers and they talk briefly to a local politician, Meg Nut . She had been involved in the distribution of the toxin disguised as biological washing powder. The soldier finds a control box and explains it is a sonar device designed to emit a high pitched sound that will stun the zombified women once they have evolved further into "Phase 2" monsters that are faster, more intelligent and weirder. The women so change but when the soldier uses the sonar device it is revealed to have stopped working. He is then killed by Mikey\'s grandmother, before Matt bludgeons the monster-nan to death with a golf club. Traumatized by what he has done, Matt walks off to \'cool it off\' and is killed by a "Phase 2" monster which had appeared from the basement of the Church. After finding a nest with woman feasting on the bodies of men in the basement, the men barricade themselves on the roof of the church as more zombies break in. Banksy eventually arrives at Moodley. Although at first he believes his friends to be high on drugs, he soon recognizes the seriousness of the situation and fetches a ladder to get them off the roof. Graham is then attacked by the morbidly obese woman. Banksy leads the surviving group to his vehicle—a small Smart car, definitely not big enough for all of them. As they all argue Patrick is attacked and dies a bloody death. Everyone else heads to the minibus, where Banksy is killed as Vince fights off Candy. Vince berates Neil and Mikey, who treat their women poorly but get away with it, while men like him and their dead friends treat women with respect, only to be discarded or killed. He resolves to be more like them. Before they can drive away, the voice of the still-alive Graham crackles over the walkie-talkie. As he makes his way out from the church Graham powers up the stun-device using a high-voltage power supply. With it now working, the men are able to stop the women in their tracks, however Vince inadvertently drops and breaks it. The infected are once again unleashed and, with the injured Graham in a shopping trolley, the four make a run for it, laughing.'] ["The movie begins with a child witnessing a woman's mysterious murder blood smears over the television set. The child begins to slowly inch closer to the dead lady, and as he reaches out to touch the knife, her eyes open and she utters a hair-raising scream. At the opening credits newspaper articles about inexplicable murders taking place and the movie title appears on the screen. Ga-In  is a full time student in Korea with a talent for fencing,However while in school she is puzzled by a strange man who discovers her. Ga-In and her family come to her aunt's, Jee-Sun, wedding. Before the wedding, Jee-Sun is pushed off of the third story balcony, and is immediately rushed to the hospital. After the rest of the family leaves the hospital, Ga-In stays behind and waits with her boyfriend, Hyun-Joong, while her aunt recovers. As they pass Jee-Sun's room, they witness Jee-Sun's younger sister, Kim Jung-Sun, repeatedly stabbing her. Kim Jung-Sun is arrested for the murder of Jee-Sun, and is held for questioning. It is soon revealed that the family believes that their family is cursed and at least one family member dies in incomprehensible ways. In this case, a hidden force possessed Jung-Sun and caused her to kill Jee-Sun. After the incident, Ga-In begins to have forewarnings, while dreaming, about a woman who was covered in blood who tells her she is next. The next day at school, Ga-In is resting in the nurse's office while another student visits her class room looking for her. He wants her to be in a PR video they are making, and explains it is important that she is the one in the video. The teacher suggests Eun-Kyung, the top student, instead, but the young man refuses. Ga-In sees a vision of a shadowy figure who frightens her with a misshapen hand. Later, Eun-Kyung visits Ga-In at the nurse's and attempts to kill her with a pair of scissors. During the struggle, Eun-Kyung is stabbed instead, and it is later revealed that she has transferred to a different school. Later that same day, while she opens the locker a deformed figure tries to grab her, Ga-In is confronted by her teacher, who then blames her for Eun-Kyung leaving and tries to kill her. Luckily, Ga-In is saved by a classmate. After a series of perilous incidents, Hong Suk-Min, an eccentric student who is rumored to have killed his own father, knows the truth about the family curse. He advises Ga-In to trust no one, including herself. After talking to Hong, she visits Kim Jung-Sun to ask her about the murder. She tells her that Jee-Sun's husband is Jung-Sun's ex-boyfriend, and she had required revenge on Jee-Sun. She tells Ga-In that an unknown force possessed her and coerced her to kill her sister. That evening, after a mysterious wind closed the gate after she received the invitation, the classmate that had saved her from the teacher has come to have his try at eliminating her by using a baseball bat. She gets away and runs inside only to find her mother throwing knives at her. Frightened, she then tells her father that she no longer feels safe inside her own home with her family, and is going to get away for a little while. Her father then tells her that there is a forgotten family member in a different village, named Hwang Dae-Yong. On the bus, Ga-In meets Hong again, and together they visit Dae-Yong. While at his home, Dae-Yong tells them that in order to not be affected by the curse that surrounds the family, Ga-In must not meet someone like herself. Dae-Yong begins telling them the story of when he learned of his wife's alleged affair. While waiting to cross the street, Dae-Yong was suddenly overwhelmed with jealousy and pushes his wife into the path of an oncoming bus. Upon being released from prison, Dae-Yong tries to find the unknown force that controls him. When Ga-in discovers a secret closet that contains past newspaper reports about savage deaths which were taking place, then while she's sleeping a deformed being try to haunt her. After Ga-In and Hong Suk-Min return home, Dae-Yong commits suicide in order to stay away from the curse. Later at school, Ga-In has an apparition of her best friend pushing her from a balcony, and glares at her with a sinister face. Ga-In realizes that she really can not trust anyone and leaves school. One night she mystifyingly wakes up in her bed and makes her way downstairs. However, recalling Suk-Min's warning, she turns around and sees her parents mysteriously killed. It is divulged that Hyun-Joong is the one who eliminates her parents, and that he had manipulated Ga-In to get close to her family to demand vengeance on Ga-In's father. Ga-In tries to fight off Hyun Joong, he stabs her for a short time as she tries to save her younger sister, and is making a scheme to set the house on fire and it will be turned into hell. Ga-In suddenly awakes and impales him. Just as he is about to strangle her, both sisters quickly regain consciousness, and finally defeats and stab him and leave him dead as the house begins to burn in a mass of flames. In the hospital, after the fire happened last night, Ga-In and Ga-Yun are placed in the same room. Ga-In is having nightmares of her aunt killed her comatose sister all the people who planned to eliminate her, and is woken by her sister Ga-Yun. Ga-In has a hallucination of Ga-Yun taking a knife from her pocket, and they both struggle and the knife ends up stabbing Ga-yun. Ga-Yun cries and asks Ga-In how she could do this to her own sister. Hong Suk-Min is then seen on the couch and exposes his true individuality, the curse. Only he can be seen by Ga-In and the people he controls. Ga-In looks down at Ga-Yun and realizes that it wasn't a knife in her pocket, but instead a burnt family photo. Hong Suk-Min then tries to eliminate Ga-In. Ga-In stabs Hong Suk-Min, but in reality she stabs herself because he is controlling her from the inside. In the epilogue, a boy is being verbally assaulted by his teacher. After the teacher leaves, Hong Suk-Min appears in a new body and asks the boy if he wants help to get back at the teacher."] ['Alex  is a darkly sinister thug driving around New York City at night when he spots a young woman  driving alongside him. He follows the woman to a nearby park where he cuts her off, gets out of his car, and runs into hers where he throws her into the back seat and proceeds to savagely rape her before strangling her to death. He takes her locket as a trophy to another one of his many killings. Some time later, serial killer/rapist Alex is with his working-class friend Ricky , both of whom work in a local mechanic garage which is closing up for the evening. Alex is planning to go \'boogying\' at a local disco and Ricky is tagging along. Suddenly, a large Cadillac vehicle pulls into the underground garage which contains a young, well-dressed yuppie couple named Tom  and his girlfriend Lisa  where they ask for assistance for their car\'s motor is making strange sounds. Alex refuses to help them saying that the garage is closed, and continues to refuse assistance even after Tom offers him money. But the slow-witted Ricky decides to help the couple and upon checking under the hood, finds a loose wire on the alternator and fixes it. Grateful, Tom tells Alex and Ricky that they are driving to a friend\'s house in New Jersey for a party, and Alex asks them if he and Ricky could tag along, and Tom agrees. Before closing up the garage for the night, Alex stops by his locker which is filled with various weapons he uses to kill people. Alex picks out just one; a straight-edged razor, before closing up and getting into Tom and Lisa\'s car with Ricky for the drive to New Jersey. A little later, the four arrive at a large villa situated next to a large, dark, empty park where they are welcomed by the home\'s owner Gloria , and are introduced to her friends Glenda , and Howard . But minutes after Alex and Ricky\'s arrival, there are signs of tension as it becomes obvious that the rich people are looking for kicks, as are Alex and Ricky. It first starts when Ricky is forced to make a fool of himself when Gloria asks him to do a striptease to some disco music, while he is further humiliated by forced to drink some hard liquor with each move he makes. But Alex stops Ricky before he can take it all off. While Tom, Howard, and Glenda play a card game of poker with Ricky, which is obviously rigged, Lisa begins sexually teasing Alex with her come-ons, and goes further to invite him to an upstairs bathroom to shower with her, only to push him away. As Alex grows more frustrated and angry, he later sees that the hosts are cheating at playing cards with Ricky. Finally, Alex pulls out the razor he has, and a fight breaks out between him and Howard. Alex throws Howard outside the back door where he endures a vicious beating and thrown into the backyard swimming pool, and further urinated upon by the laughing Alex, who drags Howard back inside and ties him to a piano leg, while he proclaims that he is running the party now. At this point, the movie descends into an unrelenting catalogue of abuse and humiliation as Alex and Ricky further beat on their hosts-turned-hostages with Alex slashing Tom\'s face with the razor, and beating his face into the poker table. Ricky holds the others at bay with a wine bottle and Alex corners Gloria and sexually fondles her. Lisa runs to an upstairs bedroom where she tries to escape, but Alex catches her and proceeds to rape her. When Alex takes Lisa downstairs to rejoin the other hostages, the front doorbell rings. Alex forces Gloria to answer and it\'s a neighbor, Cindy, a local teenage girl. Alex grabs Cindy, while Gloria takes advantage of this to try to escape. Ricky, still holding the broken wine bottle, runs after her and catches up with Gloria on the perimeter of the grounds. Ricky shows Gloria that he means her no harm by throwing away the wine bottle. For no clear reason, Gloria responds to his simple nature by stripping off her clothes and seducing him. Meanwhile back at the house, Alex cuts Cindy\'s blouse off with the razor while singing. Ricky then returns to the house with Gloria just as Alex forces Cindy to strip off the rest of her clothes, and proceeds to savagely slash her nude body with his razor over and over again. At this point, Ricky makes the astonishing observation that things are getting a little out of hand and attempts to stop Alex. Upset at being "betrayed" by his friend, Alex turns against Ricky and slashes his abdomen wide open, and then breaks down at what a mess he made of Ricky. Taking advantage of this distraction, the blooded and battered Tom runs into the nearby study and pulls out a 9mm pistol out from a desk drawer... and the tables are instantly turned. Tom shoots Alex a few times, then kicks him back out the glass back door and into the back yard. Gloria and the other women untie Howard, and the five hosts descend upon the fatally wounded Alex lying on the ground. Tom removes the locket Alex is wearing and reveals the reason for all this: the woman that Alex raped and murdered in the opening scene was Tom\'s sister and Tom wanted revenge, so he and Lisa wanted to lure them to Gloria\'s house so they can kill them and make it look like self-defense. Tom shoots the wounded Alex in the groin, which causes him to fall into the backyard swimming pool. Tom and Lisa take turns shooting Alex, who thrashes weakly in the water, before a final shot to the head by Howard finishes him for good. Returning to the house, Howard wants to shoot Ricky, but Gloria stops him. Glenda tends to the wounded Cindy. Tom and Lisa go into the study where they talk about this plan of revenge they had and if they went too far for it to work. Tom says that despite some mistakes and inconsistencies, that it worked out for the best, and then picks up the phone to call the police.'] ["Jonathan and his beautiful sister, Lynn, have moved to a new town to start a new life after Jonathan killed his sister's boyfriend accidentally in a prank gone wrong. They are heading to a Halloween party but there's a catch: the man Jonathan killed is back in a new, horrific form."] ['The film begins with Leatherface  bludgeoning a young woman, Gina to death with a sledgehammer before beginning the process of cutting off her face in order to make it into a mask. Gina\'s sister, Sara  watches from a nearby window. Leatherface hears Sara outside, and after she flees, he briefly checks outside before going back to work. Some time later, Michelle  and her boyfriend Ryan ([[William Butler , both traveling through Texas, pass through a security checkpoint near the excavation of a large number of butchered bodies and reach the Last Chance Gas Station. At the station, they meet a hitchhiking cowboy named Tex  and the station\'s perverted owner Alfredo . Tex shows Ryan a route on the map that can get them to a town. A fight soon breaks out between Tex and Alfredo when Tex finds the latter spying on Michelle while she uses the station restroom. As Michelle and Ryan flee from the station in their car, they witness Alfredo apparently killing Tex with a shotgun. As night falls, Ryan and Michelle, having taken the route Tex recommended, become lost. As they begin to bicker, a large truck appears and the driver attacks them. Ryan pulls over when the unseen driver throws a dead coyote at their windshield. As Ryan changes the car\'s flat tire, Michelle, hears a noise, and Leatherface ambushes the two of them. They climb into the car as Leatherface begins hacking at it with his chainsaw, before bumping Leatherface with the vehicle and driving off. After their escape from Leatherface, Michelle and Ryan - as well as another driver, a survivalist named Benny  - crash when a bloodied Tex leaps in front of the car. As Benny tends to Michelle, Ryan explains the situation to him, showing him the damage caused to their car by Leatherface, before Michelle awakens. They decide to find Tex, and on the way, Benny discovers a hook-handed man named Tinker , who offers his assistance in setting down road flares. Benny soon realizes Tinker\'s real intentions after he finds a damaged chainsaw in the back of his truck. Benny then grabs an automatic rifle from his overturned jeep, retreats, and encounters Leatherface when Tinker attempts to ram him with his truck. As Benny fights Leatherface, Sara, who had earlier escaped Leatherface, saves Benny from death by luring Leatherface away, before re-joining Benny. After questioning Sara, Benny learns that her entire family has been killed. She tells him that she has failed to escape as Leatherface and his family have been watching the roads. Benny hears Michelle and Ryan calling for him and leaves Sara; she is killed a short time later by Leatherface. After killing Sara, Leatherface stalks Ryan and Michelle, mutilating and capturing Ryan when he is caught in a bear trap. After Ryan tells her to run, Michelle finds a house, and finds a little girl  inside who has a room filled with the remains of various animals. The girl stabs Michelle with a knife before Tex enters the room and restrains her, bringing her into the kitchen and nailing her to a chair, introducing her to "Grandpa", a withered corpse to whom the family feeds blood. After Mama , an elderly woman appears, Michelle begs her for help, but is ignored. Tinker appears in the doorway, dragging the badly injured Ryan, whom he and Tex proceed to suspend upside-down with a pair of meat-hooks. Michelle begins screaming uncontrollably, forcing Tex to gag her by forcing a ball of leather into her mouth and securing it with a strip of tape. When Leatherface returns home, Tex gives him a large golden chainsaw with the phrase "The Saw Is Family" engraved on it, a present made by Tinker. Outside the family home, Benny finds and attempts to interrogate Alfredo as he disposes of human bodies in a bag, but he is unsuccessful, eventually knocking Alfredo into the bog and leaving him to drown. As the family prepare for dinner in the kitchen, the little girl kills Ryan with a sledgehammer-swinging device that Tinker has made, and Leatherface prepares to kill Michelle as well. The noise of Leatherface\'s chainsaw attracts Benny, who opens fire on the house with his rifle, killing Mama, blowing off two fingers on Tinker\'s hand along with his ear, and partially destroying "Grandpa"\'s body. The gunfire knocks Leatherface to the floor, allowing Michelle to tear herself from the chair she is nailed to, stabbing Tex, before joining Benny outside. When Leatherface drives towards them in Tinker\'s truck, Benny tells Michelle to run to the woods. He tries to shoot Leatherface, but realizing he has run out of ammunition, the truck hits him. Benny is stunned, and Leatherface exits the truck, grabbing his chainsaw before going after Michelle. As Leatherface stalks Michelle, Tex and a recovered Benny begin fighting, a battle which ends with Benny soaking Tex in fuel and burning him with a lighter. Benny rushes to Michelle\'s aid, stopping Leatherface from murdering her, and knocking the killer into the bog. The pair begin fighting, and Benny appears to die when Leatherface forces his head into the blade of the chainsaw. He then turns his attention to Michelle, who grabbing a nearby rock, beats him over the head with it, leaving him unconscious under the water. As dawn breaks, Michelle reaches the main road and rests on an abandoned tire, before Alfredo\'s pickup truck, driven by Benny, stops in front of her. As Benny helps her into the truck, Alfredo appears and attacks him from behind with a sledgehammer. He avoids Alfredo\'s attacks, and Michelle shoots Alfredo in the chest with a shotgun, before the pair drive away, unaware that Leatherface is revving his chainsaw some distance away. In an alternate ending, Benny is in fact killed by Leatherface in the bog. As Leatherface submerges himself to sneak up on Michelle, Tex is revealed to have survived the flames, albeit terribly charred. Michelle manages to kill Tex by pushing him into a spike trap. Shortly after, Leatherface attacks Michelle again, and she kills him by bashing his head with a large rock. She then sings a prayer before resting for the night. The next day, Michelle is seen stumbling onto a dirt road where a police car is driving past. The car stops to reveal that the little girl was retrieved from the house. The girl taunts Michelle from the backseat with her skeleton doll before the car drives off, and Michelle is left kneeling on the ground, laughing in hysterics as she realizes that the sadistic Sawyer clan will never really die off.'] ["The film begins with a recap of Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers after Michael Myers ([[Don Shanks  fell down the mine shaft. The state troopers tossed dynamite down the mine to make sure that Michael was dead. But Michael somehow finds his way out and stumbles into a nearby river, where he is found by a local hermit, he collapses into a coma while in the hermit's care and remains in a comatose state for a full year. On October 30, 1989, Michael awakens, kills the hermit, and returns to terrorize Haddonfield, where his young niece, Jamie Lloyd , continues to live after nearly being killed by Michael the year before. Jamie has been committed to a children's psychiatric ward. She also has been rendered mute due to psychological trauma, but exhibits signs of a telepathic link with her evil uncle. Dr. Sam Loomis  is aware of Jamie's psychic link with her uncle, and tries to convince Sheriff Ben Meeker  that Michael Myers is alive. Meanwhile, Michael kills Rachel  with a pair of scissors, and begins to stalk her friend, Tina , as well as her friends, Samantha , Spitz ([[Matthew Walker  and her boyfriend Mike . Michael stalks Mike and kills him outside a car garage with a sharp rake to his head. Tina, Samantha, and Spitz go to a Halloween party in a barn. Michael kills both Samantha and Spitz, who are having sex, then kills two scab deputies that Loomis has asked to keep an eye on Tina for her own protection. Once the party is over, Michael chases Tina and Jamie with a car along with Jamie's inmate Billy, by this time Jamie has regained her ability to speak. While in pursuit of Jamie, Michael runs into a tree and appears to be dead, but then he steps out of the car and attempts to kill Jamie. Tina runs at Michael, sacrificing herself to save Jamie. Afterwards, Jamie agrees to put herself in danger to help Loomis stop Michael for good. With Jamie's help, Loomis lures Michael back to the abandoned Myers house where Michael once lived. In the old Myers house, Dr. Loomis and the police create a set up. Inside the house, Jamie is in Judith Myers' deserted bedroom seated in front of a vanity mirror brushing her hair. It is an eerie recreation of Judith's last moments before Michael had killed her in 1963. Meanwhile, a mysterious stranger dressed in all black ([[Don Shanks , seen throughout the film, causes an attack at Jamie's hospital, killing one. Jamie has visions of Billy, which causes Meeker, along with most of his back up, to leave the Myers house. Eventually, Michael arrives driving a police car and tailgates the only car. He waits and kills the cop by banging his head on the dashboard. When Michael gets inside the house, Loomis finds him and tries to reason with him. While attempting to take his knife away, Michael attacks him, slashing his stomach and breaking a window behind him with Loomis's head. Michael then throws Loomis off a stair railing. After that, Michael goes upstairs and breaks down the locked door so that he can gain entry into Judith's bedroom. At this time, the police officer that is in Judith's bedroom with Jamie, is dangling a rope out of the window and begins to help Jamie climb out. But things do not go according to plan and Michael murders the officer who tried to save Jamie. However, Jamie manages to run past Michael and out of Judith's bedroom. Later, Jamie flees through the house, hiding in an old laundry chute and is forced to abandon safety after Michael finds her and stabs the chute repeatedly. Michael chases her upstairs. Jamie hides in the attic, finds Tina's dog Max hung from a noose, and also finds the bodies of Mike and Rachel. Michael finds her, and Jamie tries appealing to her uncle's humanity but ultimately fails after touching Michael's face, sending him into a fit of rage. Loomis appears, and uses a tranquilizer gun to weaken him and then proceeds to violently beat him unconscious with a wooden plank. In the end, Michael is locked up in the local sheriff's station, to eventually be escorted to a maximum-security prison. However, the stranger in black arrives and attacks the police station, shooting the policeman and causing an explosion, thus killing Sheriff Meeker and six others. At the end of the movie, Jamie walks through the station finding the bodies of gunned officers, and goes over to Michael's holding cell to discover that it is empty."] ['Detective Ulisse Moretti  is investigating a series of murders in Turin in 1983 known as The Dwarf Murders. The main suspect, a giallo novelist named Vincenzo de Fabritiis, turns up dead and the case is considered closed. However, seventeen years later, a similar series of murders begin and draw the since-retired Moretti back into the case. Moretti teams up with Giacomo , whose mother was murdered in the 1983 spree, to determine if de Fabritiis is still alive or was actually innocent of the crimes for which he was accused. As the murders continue, the investigating duo discovers that the murderer is arranging their murder to an old nursery rhyme about the killing of animals.'] ['The film opens in the early 1980s where teenager Martin Asher  is seen fleeing from home, taking a bus in Canada. He befriends another teen on the bus, Matt Soulsby  and the two talk about their plans for the future. When their bus breaks down, the two decide to rent a car and drive all the way to Seattle. While Matt is changing a flat tire, Martin comments on how he and Matt are both about the same height, and pushes Matt in the way of an oncoming truck. He is last seen taking Matt\'s guitar and walking away singing in the fashion that Matt had been in the car. Twenty years later, a successful FBI profiler, Illeana Scott , is summoned to help out Canadian law enforcement in Montreal, to apprehend Asher, who has been killing people for years and assuming their identities as he travels across North America. Illeana has to adjust to working in a strange city with a police team that she does not really fit in with. Meanwhile, Mrs. Asher , Martin\'s mother, claims she has recently seen her son in Montreal and tells the police she truly believes Martin is evil. The team meets with art salesman James Costa , an eyewitness who saw Asher kill his last victim. James makes a drawing of Asher and, within a couple of days, Asher\'s apartment is found. Illeana discovers Asher\'s next target is Costa, so protecting him is priority number one. During the time they spend together, Illeana and James begin to develop feelings for each other, though Illeana refuses to become involved with him because of the ongoing case. After kidnapping Costa with Illeana in pursuit, Asher supposedly dies in a car accident and the case is closed. As Illeana is packing up in preparation to return home, Costa visits her in her motel room. Without saying anything, he undresses her and they make passionate love on a chest of drawers and the bed, surrounded by gruesome crime scene photos. The next morning, Illeana awakes to find herself partly covered in Costa\'s blood. At first, she fears he is dead, but then he awakes and they discover he had merely popped the stitches in his arm that he needed following the accident. As Costa has his stitches re-sewn in the hospital, Illeana is called down to the morgue as Mrs. Asher has come to identify the body presumed to be her son. The body turns out not to be her son\'s; Martin is still alive somewhere. An irritated Mrs. Asher leaves the morgue and gets into the elevator, but before Illeana can follow her in, the doors shut. When they finally open, Illeana sees James covered in blood, standing over a dead Mrs. Asher, realizing that Costa is Asher, and that Asher killed the actual Costa months ago. Horrified by the discovery that she had slept with a serial killer, Illeana almost faints as the police unsuccessfully try to prevent Asher from escaping the hospital. Illeana later returns to her motel room and frantically washes herself, in a state of manic disgust. An investigation shows that the man the real Asher had identified as Asher was really Christopher Hart , an art thief who did business with Asher, and whom Asher owed $80,000 to, but had nothing to do with the murders. The Montreal police chase Asher, but he escapes in a train station and disappears, and approaches his next victim, a traveling sports talent scout. After that, he calls Illeana on the phone and taunts her. Illeana admits to having consensual sex with Asher and although it was after the investigation had been presumed closed she is still, consequently fired from the FBI. "After carefully reviewing Special Agent Scott\'s record with the Bureau... The Office of Professional Responsibility has issued a letter of termination citing egregious lack of judgment and conduct unbecoming of a federal agent." Seven months later, Illeana is living in a desolate farmhouse by herself in rural Pennsylvania and looking heavily pregnant with Asher\'s twin boys. One day as she sits alone in her home, she discovers Asher has broken into her house. She frantically tries to escape, but Asher quickly overpowers her and then reveals he has found all the guns she had hidden throughout the house. Asher makes her tea and tells her they could start over and live together as a family, but a disgusted Illeana tells him she does not want to. That these are not his babies that she is carrying, they are \'James Costa\'s\' babies and that she does not even know who he is. In fury, Asher begins beating and choking her and eventually stabs her in her pregnant belly with a pair of scissors. Illeana, seemingly unharmed by the stabbing, shocks Asher by quickly stabbing him in the heart with the same scissors. As Asher lies dying, Illeana removes a prosthetic pregnant belly, and tells him the past seven months have been a carefully planned trap. The film ends with Illeana calling the police, saying "It\'s over," and staring out her window.'] ['The film begins showing people using a ouija board in Morocco. Throughout the scene, something is seen from first person perspective coming at high speed towards the people. The main film begins with four housemates  deciding to go out and party. Also going to the party is Lucy , Webster, Joe  and Annie . As the night progresses, they all try to find the biggest buzz they can, until Spencer suggests a ouija board, saying it is the weirdest buzz he\'s ever had. The partygoers agree and participate, all placing their right index fingers on an upside-down glass with the alphabet and the words \'Yes\' and \'No\' written in a circle around the glass. Lucy tells them that under no circumstances should they remove their fingers from the glass early – otherwise the spirit they summon will not be able to return. At first, the glass moves slowly, spelling out \'DJINN\', but when Liam asks if it can predict the future, the glass sharply goes to \'Yes\'. It then proceeds to spell out \'ALL DIE\' and then Annie\'s name. Before the ritual can continue, however, Liam experiences visions similar to the prologue that causes him to run away. Annie goes to see him to check if he\'s alright, but Liam refuses to talk. Annie realises she has left her inhaler in the room that they used the ouija board in, and goes back to get it. When she gets there, she becomes frightened by noises. Eventually she sees something that the camera does not see, and it gives chase . Finding Liam nowhere and with her exits barred, she attempts to climb over a glass roof to safety, but the thing giving chase grabs her legs and she falls through the glass roof into the party below, dying instantly. As the camera pans out, severe burn marks are seen on her legs. The group are distraught by her death, but while Spencer goes to find some hash to calm himself down, Lucy goes back to her boat and does some research. She comes across a description of a djinn, explaining that it\'s made of fire. She learns that it can be banished by using lawful magic. She is suddenly disturbed by banging all around her, but it turns out to be a boatman who is telling her that the electrics are down. Lucy and Spencer go to the house where everyone else lives and discuss the events of the night. Lucy suggests to the housemates that they may have summoned a djinn, saying the burns on Annie are signs of this being true. The housemates are still skeptical, so they watch the tape they recorded of the \'summoning\' to check if anyone was pushing it. Soon after Liam freaks out in the video, however, the electricity in the house goes out. Webster and Spencer break into the landlord\'s flat  and find a hidden shrine of sorts to the Djinn with grisly photos and newspaper cuttings. It is also revealed that Liam\'s father, Paul Brennan, had been in the same predicament once  and killed his mother as a result. He pled insanity and was put in a mental hospital. Joe attempts to get information out of Liam about it the next day at college, but he gets angry and leaves. Stella also leaves soon after, and goes to the toilet where she is brutally murdered . Her body is discovered by a nearby student. Liam goes to see his father to get answers but it quickly descends into a row. When Liam mentions Becker his father shouts that he is there to protect Liam. Liam leaves without hearing this. Meanwhile, Joe and Webster sneak back into the house  to get the camera which recorded the ritual and Webster insists on watching it there. Joe goes to the kitchen to get a light for his cigarette. Meanwhile Webster is thrown into a panic by something on the film. He goes to look for Joe. In the hallway he turns the lights on and realises he is standing in a pool of blood. He runs for the front door which is locked, so he rushes back upstairs to get the keys. He has to hide under the bed as he is being chased by the djinn. While the djinn does not see him, it dumps Joe\'s dead body in the room - his throat has been slit. Webster silently exits the room with keys in hand but steps on a broken light bulb, alerting the djinn. He races back down to open the door, but the djinn catches up and kills him before he can succeed. Rob and Spencer return to Lucy\'s boat and tell her of Stella\'s death. Lucy demands that they perform the banishing ritual, so they return to the warehouse where the party was held. Liam attempts to catch up with them, but upon arriving at their boat, they have already left. Lucy, Spencer and Rob begin the ritual, but as they are performing it, a sudden burst of flame from the ouija board frightens them all off. Spencer runs off and tries to look around, but when he drops a large metal pole he alerts the djinn, who has already arrived, to his location. He hides in a cupboard. We then learn that the djinn has possessed Rob. The djinn walks off, making Spencer think he is safe, until he bursts into the cupboard from behind and kills Spencer. Liam enters the building, as does Mr. Becker, who is holding a petrol can. As Liam walks into the ritual room, Rob runs out, shouting "Liam, it\'s Becker, he\'s here!" but is interrupted by Becker who hits him with a bat and proceeds to douse him with petrol. Liam, thinking Becker is the djinn, runs in to save Rob, accidentally pushing Becker down some stairs. When he goes back to look Becker has disappeared. Later Becker reappears and Liam is about to kill him in revenge for Annie until Rob rushes in and stops him. Seconds later, Rob kills Becker in a panic when Becker attempts to choke him. They start to leave, Rob attempting to convince Liam there really was no djinn but Liam remembers Lucy and they go looking for her. Liam finds her hanged in the lift shaft. Rob reveals to Liam that he is the djinn, telling Liam that it\'s his turn as his father sent him somewhere terrible, so now Liam will know the pain that he has. Liam attempts to stab him, but Rob blocks it with his hand, which bleeds but also starts a small flame. As Rob taunts Liam, Liam realises through another flashback that fire will kill the djinn. He grabs the nearby lantern and wards off Rob with it, but as Rob attempts to fake being unpossessed  Liam tosses the lantern at him, setting him ablaze. Liam kicks him down the lift shaft, but a few seconds later he grabs onto Liam\'s shin . Liam finishes him by shutting the lift door on him, causing him to fall all the way down. After a while Liam opens the door to check he is dead, but a burst of flame pushes him back, signalling his body has been destroyed. Liam goes back to the mental hospital to see his father face to face, and they reconcile only for Liam to reveal he too is now possessed. He kills his father. The djinn, now free, sets off. As the camera rolls back from the cell, it is revealed that Liam had killed a prison officer to get in, and Liam suddenly appears in front of the camera, and reveals his eyes are now permanently like the djinn\'s.'] ['A young married couple, Celia and David , move into a new home and meet their seemingly venerable neighbor Harold . Harold is in fact a psychotic killer who has created a family using the skeletons of his former victims. His family consists of a wife and a daughter, and later a father and a mother, all of whom Harold seems to believe are fully alive. He dresses them in clothing, moves them around the house, and talks with them as if they can talk back. He also hallucinates that a teenage girl was asking him to kill her so his "daughter" could have a sister, and at dinner, he hears Celia express a desire to have rough sex right there on the table. There is also the hint that he replaces family members when he finds a new victim. Celia and David, however, have a secret of their own: years ago, Harold killed their daughter, and they have been tracking him down ever since. They lure him into a trap and exact their revenge. David says they can torture him 10 to 14 more days, and Harold\'s frightened reaction appears behind the end credits.'] ['While at home alone, Amber  is attacked and murdered. However, the murder is passed off as a suicide by Officer Bates . A group of troubled teens, including Archie , Kenny , Ashleigh , Ricky , Jasmine , Samantha , James  and Cain  have been contemplating suicide for a long time, and after hearing of Amber\'s death, decide to make a suicide pact and kill themselves at Ashleigh\'s upcoming party. However, later that night, as Samantha is making a suicide diary she is stabbed to death by a masked killer. Meanwhile, after Ashleigh leaves her house, Kenny breaks in with his friend Davey  to set up cameras around her house, so the group\'s suicide can be recorded and Davey can exclusively release the footage. Meanwhile, Archie and Jasmine start a romance, which leads to Archie suggesting he and Jasmine remove themselves from the suicide pact, but this repels Jasmine. Soon after, Bates and his partner Mason  discover Samantha\'s death scene. The following day, the group is shocked by the death of Samantha. At college, Jasmine is attacked by the killer, but manages to phone the police and lock herself in a room. Archie finds Jasmine, and she is taken to the hospital while he is questioned by Bates and Mason who seem to think Jasmine is suffering from a condition which made her imagine the attack. At night, Ashleigh, Ricky, James and Cain meet up and contemplate who could have attacked Jasmine, and soon have doubts about whether they want to continue with the suicide pact. Meanwhile, Kenny, who is now being filmed by Davey for a suicide diary, decides he will shoot everyone at Ashleigh\'s party so his death will be more famous. The following day, while walking down the road, James encounters a bully, Curtis , but the rest of the group defends him. The group then meets with Kenny and tells him they are not going to do the suicide pact, angering Kenny. Mr. Hudson , a teacher at the college, makes a phone call to an unknown receiver, telling them he is out of the deal. Upon returning home, Mr. Hudson finds his wife dead, before he too is murdered. As the group try to figure out who the murderer is, suspicion falls on nearly everyone. At night, while making his way to Ashleigh\'s party, Ricky, believing he hears Amber\'s voice, has his throat slashed by the killer. At the party, Bates and Mason patrol the grounds. Inside, everyone is having fun. Curtis and his date go to the bathroom, where both are stabbed to death. Outside, Kenny and Davey arrive, but Bates and Mason apprehend Kenny before he can enter the house with the gun. After a while, the party begins to wind down. James is stabbed to death, before Ashleigh is chased outside by the killer and hides in the garden after she fails to get the attention of the party-goers. The killer cuts the electricity off, sending the rest of the party-goers home. As Ashleigh tries once more to gain their attention, she is stabbed to death. Archie and Jasmine, who have been spending time alone together, return to the party to find the house empty. Inside, they are stalked in the darkness and discover Cain\'s and Davey\'s bodies, and are eventually split up. Moments later Jasmine emerges from the house distraught, as Bates arrives. Bates enters the house and finds Archie dead. Outside, Jasmine reaches the police car and finds both Mason and Kenny murdered, before Bates attacks her, revealing himself to be the killer. As he is about to kill Jasmine, Archie reveals himself to be alive and together, Archie and Jasmine overpower Bates and shoot him. As Jasmine tends to Archie, Bates narrates the line "Demons Never Die" before opening his eyes.'] ['{{plot}}  Lynn Blodgett is in the back of a car, which is driving out of a carnival parking lot when suddenly, the car crashes into another car, and the young Lynn gets knocked out. Lynn then wakes up in the car as her adult counterpart , and sees a clown staring at her through the side door window. The clown takes off his mask, and reveals a horrible, disfigured, bloody face. Lynn screams, until she wakes up in her bed, revealing it to be a dream. Lynn Blodgett is a young woman living in the town of Baltimore, Maryland, who has a career as an artist at Craig Flinner Gallery, and house-sits for extra money. It is also revealed that she\'s getting a divorce with her husband Dr. Bert Tokyo . That night while she\'s sleeping, a clown  is outside her house with a handful balloons and what appears to be an axe in a garbage bag. The clown then continues to cross over the street. The next morning, as she\'s about to leave for work, she finds the cops outside questioning the neighbors and searching a house two houses down. According to one of the neighbors , and Detective Peters , the Olsen family was murdered. As she continues to work, it is revealed that the paintings she paints have almost entirely clowns in them. Due to her coulrophobia a.k.a. "Fear of Clowns", she has nightmares about terrifying clowns. And then the next day when she wakes up, she paints the clowns in her dreams and puts them up at the Gallery. That night during the art show at the gallery, she meets Tucker Reid , who buys one of her $8,000 paintings, which helps her pay for three more months of rent. Tucker takes her back to his office to show her what "he" does for a living. He reveals that his company creates roller coaster designs for major roller coaster parks. As they\'re about to leave, a man named Heston  pulls out a knife and threatens them to give him Lynn\'s wallet. When Tucker refuses to give it to him, Heston cuts him on the chest, but Tucker jumps him and the two start fighting, until Tucker finds out he has a gun. Lynn quickly picks up a rock and throws it at the building\'s glass doors, setting off the security alarm. Tucker and Lynn quickly take off as Heston reaches for his gun, but quickly runs off. Tucker drops Lynn off at her house, after asking her whether she wants him to stay with her or take her to a friend\'s house, but she declines. As she enters the house, she gets a call from her boss, Phillip , who is mad about her leaving the art show for two hours and not returning. Lynn apologizes, but hears something on at the back door, and she keeps Phillip on the line. She turns on the patio lights to reveal the clown, and Lynn faints. The Clown enters the house, but leaves when he hears Phillip on the phone. She wakes up with the police searching the house, due to Phillip calling the police after hearing Lynn collapse on the ground. The police, however, don\'t believe her story about a clown outside her house at 1:00 AM, and believe that she made it up as a publicity stunt. Lynn, however, thinks it was just a spook brought from being mugged earlier that night. The next day, Lynn goes to mediation, where it is revealed by Bert\'s lawyer  that Bert wants full custody of their son Nicholas , and he wants to Lynn to pay child support. Not only that, he wants half the ownership/price of all of her paintings, and due to the house to be in Bert\'s name and not hers, she cannot buy another house before the divorce and if she does, they\'ll pursue half of it. It is also revealed that Bert has been out of work for six months, which surprises Lynn due to him lying to her he\'s been busy with work all the time. Meanwhile, at work, a man named Endle Parish  asks Lynn to paint a picture of his father for $20,000. As Lynn continues to reject the offer, she decides to use the money to hire the best lawyer in town. That night, Lynn\'s assistant Amanda  is at home taking a shower. After taking a shower, she finds her screen window on the grass outside. Amanda reaches for her telephone, but it\'s gone. Amanda goes into the kitchen to get the other phone, but is gone too. Amanda turns around and sees the clown with an axe. The Clown and Amanda begin to struggle, and Amanda scratches the clown across the face. The Clown throws her on the ground and swings the axe at her head and the screen cuts to black. The next day, Tucker asks Lynn to come over for lunch, but while there, Lynn finds a bunch of magazines with her on the front cover and talking about her art, leaving Lynn to believe that Tucker is a stalker. Detective Peters comes over, and brings Lynn back to her house, revealing to her about Amanda\'s death. Peters explains that they recovered clown makeup and blood under Amanda\'s fingernails, and Peters believes Lynn\'s clown story, and believes that someone is trying to close in on her. Peters then hires a police officer  to stand and guard her house at all times. Meanwhile with Bert, it\'s revealed that he hired Heston to mug and try to kill Lynn that night because Bert put up a life insurance policy on her after he lost his job six months previously and the clown that\'s been stalking her is one of Tokyo\'s patients, whose name was Doug Richardson, who was a sex offender and a rapist. He hears voices and has Leber\'s congenital amaurosis, which causes the sclera of his eyes to turn completely black. The voice inside his head is that of Bert\'s, and is telling him to kill Lynn so he\'ll be cured. Shivers calls a party clown to come to Lynn\'s house to distract the cop guarding the house. Shivers kills the cop, but after seeing Heston watching him, he now believes that Bert lied to him and leaves. As Heston\'s about to kill Lynn, Tucker arrives and fights with Heston, and Lynn picks up his gun and shoots Heston in the heart. Tucker then explains to her that he\'s not a stalker, he\'s just a guy who\'s very intrigued by her art. Though the police find the body of the guy who tried to kill Lynn, what they don\'t know is that were two people trying to kill Lynn, the other person is the clown and is still on the loose. Meanwhile, the clown goes to Bert\'s house and kills him for betraying him. The next day, after painting the picture for Mr. Parish , Lynn goes out with Tucker to the movies. The Clown then follows them, after killing Phillip, Lynn\'s babysitter Julie , and the projectionists Jeff  and Bobby . The clown chases them throughout the movie theater, until they lock themselves in the projection room. Meanwhile at home, Detective Peters get a match on the blood under Amanda\'s fingernails, and finds out there\'s more than one killer. Back at the movie theater, Tucker and Lynn look out through the projection window and they see the clown holding Lynn\'s son Nicholas, threatening her to come down stairs to retrieve her son. Lynn goes downstairs to retrieve Nicholas, but preceded to tell Tucker a plan she has. As she goes downstairs to retrieve her son, the Clown chases Lynn up the stairs near the projection window and Tucker shines the projection light at him, blinding him. As Lynn tries to leave, she accidentally hits a plastic cut, making her pause. As the clown regains his sight, he attacks Lynn, but Tucker jumps out of nowhere and starts fighting with the clown. As the Clown\'s about to kill Tucker, Detective Peters arrives and arrests the Clown. Later that night while Lynn\'s asleep, Detective Peters calls and tells her...that the Clown escaped from prison. Lynn goes to check on Nicholas and sees the clown in his room. Lynn slowly walks back towards her bedroom until she sees Nicholas\'s bedroom door open and the screen cuts to black. During the ending credits, it reveals that the Clown escaping from prison was just a dream.'] ['{{Plot}} Adjie and Astrid, a married couple, are getting ready to travel to Sydney for a new job. They are accompanied by their friends, Alam, Eko, and Jimmy to the airport. On the road, they meet up with Adjie\'s sister, Ladya, and convince her to go with them. However, Ladya, who still blames Adjie for their parent\'s death, declines. After some accidents at Ladya\'s workplace and Astrid\'s coaxing, she changes her mind and decides to go with them. After they drive away from Ladya\'s workplace, they see a confused-looking, beautiful woman named Maya on the road. She tells them she has been robbed and is unable to get home. Pitying her, they give Maya a ride home. The group travels by car to what seems to be the middle of nowhere, where Maya\'s house is located. There, they meet Maya\'s family. Maya\'s mother, Dara, has a very young and lovely face with an eerie expression and mysterious body language. Adam, Maya\'s second brother greets them and is very gentlemanly. There is also Arman, Dara\'s eldest son, who is grumpy and never speaks. After introductions, Dara secretly drugs Astrid\'s drink. After much insistence, they agree to stay for dinner. However, Adjie and Astrid, who is pregnant, go to the guestroom upstairs so Astrid could rest. Unfortunately, the remainder of our friends, who are having dinner, get drugged and knocked out. Arman takes them to a cellar, with Alam still at the dinner table. Alam is seduced by Maya, but rejects her. Out of anger, she slashes him, and when he tries to retaliate, Adam breaks his arm. Adjie and Astrid saw this and try to get upstairs, but Adam catches Adjie and breaks his leg. Astrid runs upstairs and locks herself in the guest room. Dara tells her that the drug she was given will cause her to go into labor. Then Astrid finds a small window, climbs up and sees a car arriving at the house. Astrid calls for help, but it turns out that the woman from the car is Dara\'s friend. She is given several coolers of "meat", revealing the motive for the slaughter to come. They are a family of cannibals, who belong to a secret society attempting to gain immortality from it. The family regularly searches for victims, providing human flesh for the society. Astrid\'s water breaks, and she delivers her own baby by herself. Astrid gets out of the room with her newborn son and embraces her husband. Meanwhile, Dara sneaks into the room and takes the baby. Dara tells the couple that they could escape by themselves. However, if they try to take the infant back, they will all die that night. Astrid follows Dara to the next room, while Adjie goes to another room to try to find help. Down in the cellar, Arman has slaughtered Alam with a chainsaw and now chooses Ladya to be his next victim. However, she knocks him out and escapes. She breaks out of the cellar and sets Eko and Jimmy free. After their escape, the trio re-enter the house, in an attempt to save the married couple. However, Maya, who is armed with a crossbow, sees them and shoots at Eko, hitting his left ear. They run to the forest, with Adam now chasing them. Ladya gets away and goes back to the house. Jimmy\'s neck is broken by Adam, and he dies. Eko manages to walk through the forest and find a road, where he is spotted by the light of a car. Back in the house, Adjie enters a room filled with baby cadavers and sees one baby that was being preserved. He also finds his wife, stabbed in the neck with a huge hair pin. After finding Astrid dead, Adjie strangles Dara out of revenge. Dara stabs him and strangles him into unconsciousness. Ladya enters, but Arman grabs her and brings her upstairs to rape her. Dara and Maya go to front door; Adam is there already. A police patrol has found Eko and takes him into their car. The four police officers separate; two go upstairs, while the others remain on the first floor. One of the officers finds a video containing the clip that was seen at the start of this film. Shocked, he accidentally drops a small collection of photographs, depicting Adam, Arman, and Maya, but strangely dated as 1912. There is also a photo of Dara, dated 1889. Upstairs, Arman is stabbed in the eye while raping Ladya. She escapes while Arman screams loudly, tipping off the police. The police take a defensive posture, but Adam turns off the lights, and the family of cannibals attack the police in the dark. However, the leader of the police gets away, to retrieve his shotgun, and fires it at Maya, wounding her. Dara, who has just killed the other officers, runs to the front door and takes the shotgun away from the police leader and kills him. Dara finds the injured Maya and breaks her neck to end her daughter\'s suffering. Arman comes out of the room with the wooden stick jammed in his eye. He slashes the throat of one of the police officers who had gone upstairs to investigate earlier. They die together. Ladya runs to the room where Adjie lies unconscious. She finds Astrid\'s body, after which they are attacked by Adam. While Adam fights with Adjie, Eko enters and jabs Adam with a sword. Adam, who is quite durable, removes the sword while Adjie pours a liquid over his head. Seeing this, Ladya takes her lighter and tosses it to Adam. Adam goes up in flames and runs to another room. Eko goes downstairs alone and is slashed by Dara with a chainsaw. Back upstairs, Ladya and Adjie attack Adam once more. Ladya, who has taken the sword, slices Adam\'s throat. Together with Adjie, they decapitate Adam. Ladya and Adjie take the baby to another part of the house, stained by blood. Ladya takes revenge on Dara, the last remaining villain. She goes to the dining room, where she finds Eko\'s body and is attacked by Dara and her chainsaw. Ladya with the sword and Dara with the chainsaw, fight each other. Ladya escapes to the other side of dining table and runs out of the room. But Dara slashes Ladya\'s foot, causing blood to squirt out. Dara gets ready to attack Ladya again, but is knocked in the head by Adjie and Ladya gets away. Dara is still able to grab the chainsaw, slashing Adjie\'s shoulder. Adjie finds a gun next to him and throws it to Ladya. Ladya takes the gun and shoots Dara, then strangles her with her necklace. Dara lies on the floor and is kicked by Ladya. Ladya reunites with Adjie and apologizes to him. Adjie forgives her and dies after he asks Ladya to care for her nephew . Morning has come as Ladya gets away from the house with her nephew in her arms. She puts her nephew in a box in the backseat of the police car. She starts the car, but before she can drive away, Dara reappears and punches out the car\'s window, grabbing Ladya. Ladya drives the car to the forest road, opens the car door, puts the car in reverse, and smashes Dara against a big tree. Ladya looks at Dara\'s fallen body and smiles, knowing that she is safe after the previous night\'s bloody "game". She says to her nephew, "We\'re going home." As she drives away, we see Dara\'s bloody hand moving, slowly moving.'] ['A guide and a tourist are birdwatching in the shades of Camp Blackwood and begin to have sex. Suddenly, a man in a clown mask appears and brutally murders them. The story then focuses on four campers, who are planning a trip to Camp Blackwood. On the way, they meet the madcap Bromley Thatcher. After a brief exchange that includes a warning from Thatcher - "I\'m not talking about a ghost here boy, I\'m talking about a man, a REAL man, and he\'s in those woods!" - the group head into Camp Blackwood, now known to the audience as \'Camp Blood\'. In the woods, they meet their guide, a butch lesbian known as \'Harris\'. After spending the day doing menial tasks such as collecting firewood and setting up camp, the group settle down into their respective tents to enjoy a session of late-night love making. The group awake in the morning to find the burnt out carcass of Harris on the campfire . The majority of the plot then revolves around the clown chasing the various characters through the woods and brutally murdering all of them but Tricia, who manages to run away from the clown. In attempting to escape the murderous clown, Tricia runs to her deceased boyfriend\'s automobile. At this point, she meets Thatcher, who attempts to aid the clown by hindering Tricia\'s escape. In the ensuing melee, Tricia hacks Thatcher to death with the clown\'s machete, and enters the car and runs over the clown, who is revealed to be Harris. Just as Tricia is driving away safely, the clown appears in the back seat and strangles Tricia into unconsciousness. When Tricia regains consciousness, she is in a mental asylum. After giving Tricia an injection, the \'doctors\' depart from the room. It is at this point that Tricia hallucinates the clown entering the room.'] ["Plagued by a ten year-old legendary story of the mysterious murder of Devon Anderson, this community still harbors curiosity when the current victims and the evidence surrounding their murders appears to be very similar to what happened to Devon and the parents accused of murdering him. Did Devon Anderson die? That is the question. How did Devon's lovestruck, deranged, abusive parents get off for his murder when all the evidence pointed to them? And who killed them in turn? This legendary event causes strife in the tiny city, but also leaves a trail of questions and enough obscurity to keep a community still scared, obsessed by the tragic event and concerned that it is happening again. With more people dying and all the similarities mounting, the legend of Devon's ghost has surfaced and sent an already suspicious community into a tailspin. Convinced that Devon Anderson is alive and the murderer, Josh and Symphony, along with their friends, stay one step ahead of the authorities and try to find Devon, to stop him from killing again. Not really knowing what is setting the guy off, they narrow down that every couple was attacked while being affectionate. They have to do something quick, before they too become victims. With the police and the media just assuming it's a copycat crime, they must face Devon alone and re-open old emotional wounds, and hunt down their once-classmate. But Devon is much too smart and too strong, and running is not an option. The only way to get Devon is to fight back together."] ["A former patient of Dr. Frank Flamand , a disfigured Mrs. Francoisis  seeks revenge for a botched operation by throwing acid at him but she misses and catches his sister, Ingrid , full in the face, resulting in severe burns. At a photo shoot in Paris, the doctor's assistant Nathalie  drugs and kidnaps Barbara Hallen  and locks her in a room in the basement of Flamand's clinic. Whilst checking on other kidnapped girls, a scuffle starts with Natalie and Gordon , who lives in the basement chops off the girl's arms. In New York City, Barbara's father Terry Hallen  is desperately awaiting a news of his daughter and hires a private detective, Sam Morgan , to go and find her. Once in Paris, Morganvisits a morgue with Brian Wallace  of the Paris police to see a decapitated body, but knows it's not Barbara due to a missing mole. Flamand and Nathalie go to see a surgeon Dr. Orloff  about an operation to amputate Barbara's face and attach it to his sister's Ingrid's face. Orloff tells them to track down Nazi doctor Karl Heinz Moser . They return to find Barbara's face has been badly cut by Gordon. Morgan interview's Barbara's photo director Maxence  and gets some information through intimidation before Maxence's bouncer, Doudo , forces Morgan to flee. Meanwhile, Flamand has kidnapped another women, Melissa, to use for the face transplant. Morgan updates Terry with limited information on Barbara - that she was a prostitute and that she left with a gold watch. Moser arrives for the operation, but destroys Melissa's donor face due to complications and Flamand and Nathalie seek a replacement. At a club they find an actress , trick her into going to the clinic, drug her and hide her body. Morgan traces a credit card belonging to Barbara Hallen to the Paris suburb of St. Cloud, and to Flamand's clinic. At the clinic Morgan sees a watch Natalie is wearing and later sees this in pictures at his hotel as belonging to Barbara and decides to return to the clinic. A nurse at the clinic enters the basement and finds all of the girls locked up. She is caught and killed by Gordon. At this moment Moser, Flamand and Nathalie remove the actress's face and show it to Ingrid. Morgan returns to the clinic and is attacked by Gordon but manages to impale him on some hooks. Morgan finds keys and locates the girls and Barbara but is locked in Barbara's cell with her by Natalie. Flamand, Moser and Nathalie then brick up the cell. Barbara and Sam find themselves trapped and gasping for air. Sam though has sent Terry a message saying Terry, I traced Barbara to this clinic in Paris. I'm going in tonight to look for her. If I don't leave a message in 12 hours, send in the marines, Merry Christmas. Terry says to his office executive Jenny, get me on the first flight to Paris!, in hopes to rescue the two."] ["The film opens in 19th century Mexico, where El Charro  acts as a wealthy, but diabolical land baron who falls madly in love with a sweet, innocent ancestor of the protagonist Maria. She scorns him, which prompts El Charro to kill everyone she cares about. However, Maria's ancestor still refuses El Charro, who decides to put a curse on Maria's family line. Many years after, we are brought to the present day 21st century, where we are introduced to Maria  and her friend Chris , who are roommates in college. It is a Friday or so, and Maria, who we learn is suffering from repeating nightmares of her sister's suicide, is coerced to go with Chris, and her friends, Tanya  and Rosemary  to Chris' uncle's Arizona cottage for the weekend. However upon reaching Arizona, the group is persistently attacked by El Charro in the form of revant spirit with a machete. Eventually, El Charro kills every one of the girls except for Maria, who races toward a shrine of the archangel Michael . Using his heavenly abilities, Michael kills El Charro, and the curse is thus destroyed as well."] ['Patrick Bateman is a wealthy investment banker living in Manhattan in the late-1980s. His life revolves around dining at trendy restaurants while keeping up appearances for his fiancée, Evelyn, and his circle of equally wealthy, shallow friends, most of whom dislike him. However, he also leads a secret life in which he commits rape, torture, and murder. Throughout the film, Bateman describes the material accouterments of his lifestyle: his daily morning exercise and beautification routine; his music collection, including artists such as Huey Lewis and the News and Whitney Houston; his taste for expensive designer clothes; and the lavish couture of his apartment. In one scene, Bateman and his associates flaunt their business cards in a display of utter vanity. After becoming captivated by Paul Allen\'s card, he murders a homeless man and his dog in an alleyway in a fit of frustrated rage. At a Christmas party, Bateman makes plans to have dinner with Paul, who had earlier mistaken him for a comparable associate named Marcus. Bateman gets Paul drunk and lures him back to his apartment. While playing "Hip to Be Square", Bateman ambushes Paul and murders him with an axe. Bateman disposes of Paul\'s body, then goes to his apartment to stage it so that others believe Paul has run off to London. After Paul\'s family becomes suspicious of his disappearance, Bateman is met by Donald Kimball, a detective searching for the truth regarding his whereabouts. Bateman then has a violent threesome with two prostitutes, whom he names "Christie" and "Sabrina". The two women leave his apartment bruised and bloodied. The next day, his colleague Luis Carruthers reveals his new business card, sending Bateman over the edge. Bateman tries to kill Luis in the restroom of an expensive restaurant, but cannot bring himself to strangle him. Luis mistakes the attempted murder for a sexual advance and declares his love for Bateman, who flees in a panic. After murdering a model, Bateman invites his secretary, Jean, to dinner, suggesting she meet him at his apartment for drinks beforehand. When Jean arrives, Bateman, unbeknownst to Jean, holds a nail gun to the back of her head while the two converse. However, upon receiving an answering machine message from his fiancée, he decides not to kill Jean and asks her to leave before she gets "hurt". Following another luncheon with Kimball, Patrick has a threesome with his old friend Elizabeth and Christie at Paul\'s apartment. While having sex, Christie realizes that Bateman has murdered Elizabeth and tries to flee. While attempting to escape, she discovers multiple female corpses and words such as "Die Yuppie Scum" scrawled on the walls in blood. Bateman then murders her with a chainsaw by dropping it down a flight of stairs onto her as she attempts to run. A few months later, Bateman abruptly breaks off his engagement with Evelyn. That night, he finds a kitten as he uses an ATM, then imagines that the display reads "Feed me a stray cat". Bateman is stopped by a woman, whom he murders instead. A police chase ensues, but Bateman destroys the police cars by shooting their gas tanks, causing explosions that kill the pursuing officers. He then attempts to flee to his office, but he accidentally enters the wrong office building, murdering a security guard and a janitor in the process. Upon reaching his office he calls his lawyer, Harold, and leaves a lengthy answering machine message, confessing most of his murders in-detail. The following morning, Bateman visits Paul\'s apartment, finding it completely vacant and being offered for sale. The real estate broker views him as an intruder and tells him to leave immediately. As Bateman goes to meet with his colleagues and lawyer, Jean finds detailed drawings of murder and rape in Bateman\'s office journal. At the same time, Bateman sees Harold at a restaurant with his friends, and tries to convince him that he is Patrick Bateman and a serial killer. However, Harold mistakes him for another colleague named Davis and laughs off the confession as a joke. He also denies that Paul was murdered, claiming to have had dinner with him in London only 10 days before. Bateman realizes that he will continue to escape the punishment he deserves. He laments that there has been no catharsis and that he still remains a mystery to himself. Although he regrets that nothing has been gained, he still wants his pain to be inflicted on others. He finishes his inner monologue by stating, "This confession has meant nothing."'] ["In 1969, a group of friends travel through Virginia on their way to Washington, D.C. to participate in protest rallies. They hitchhike to a small rural community and meet Quintin who offers them a ride. While on the backroads, Quintin's truck overheats and they are forced to walk. As night falls they reach a farm and spend the night in a barn. The next morning, they meet the farm's inhabitants and the young travelers get the terrible feeling that something is wrong in Staunton Hill.Edit and complete by MGA & AGD...."] ['Lindsay  and Jenny , two American tourists in Germany, are drugged and involuntarily detained by crazed surgeon Dr. Josef Heiter  when they seek help at his house after their car breaks down. The women awake in a makeshift medical ward. They witness Heiter kill a kidnapped truck driver  after Heiter informs him he is "not a match". When the woman wakes up a second time, Heiter has secured a new male captive, Japanese tourist Katsuro . The doctor explains that he is a world-renowned expert at separating Siamese twins, but dreams of making new creatures by sewing people together. He describes in detail how he will surgically connect his three victims mouth-to-anus, so that they share a single digestive system. After Lindsay tries to escape and fails, Heiter explains to her that he had previously experimented with creating what he called a "three-dog", also joined mouth-to-anus. However, the three-dog died shortly after surgery. Heiter tells Lindsay that the middle dog of his creation experienced the most pain, and as punishment for her escape attempt she will become the middle part of his centipede. Heiter performs the surgery on his victims placing Katsuro at the front, Lindsay in the middle and Jenny at the rear. During his procedure, Heiter severs the ligaments in his victims\' knees so they cannot stand and are forced to crawl, and connects the victims together in a line with their mouths surgically attached to the anus of the person in front of them. Once the operation is complete, Heiter attempts to train his centipede as a pet, often belitting Katsuro with racist insults and beating him with a crop when he becomes rebellious. When Katsuro defecates, Lindsay is forced to swallow his excrement while the doctor watches in delight. However, he eventually becomes irritated after being kept awake by the constant screaming of Katsuro  and the realization that Jenny is dying from blood poisoning. When two detectives, Kranz  and Voller , visit the house to investigate the disappearance of tourists, Heiter decides to add them as replacements for Jenny in a new creation, a four-person centipede. Heiter succeeds in drugging one of the detectives, Voller, as the pair later leave the house to obtain a search warrant. The victims attempt to escape from the ward, crawling up the stairs, as Katsuro also attacks Heiter in the process. Their attempt to escape ultimately fails. Katsuro confesses to the doctor, in Japanese, that he deserves his fate because he had treated his family poorly. Katsuro then commits suicide by slitting his throat with a shard of broken glass. The detectives return to the house and forcefully conduct separate searches as an injured Heiter hides near his swimming pool. Kranz finds the makeshift ward along with Heiter\'s victims in another room. Meanwhile Voller begins to feel ill from the earlier drugging, and is later shot by Heiter. Kranz discovers Voller dead in the swimming pool. Heiter shoots Kranz in the stomach, and Kranz responds by shooting Heiter in the head. Kranz then falls in the pool, dead. Back in the house, Jenny and Lindsay hold hands as Jenny dies from her infection. Lindsay sobs as she is left alone in the house, trapped between her deceased fellow captives.'] ['Twenty years after the events of Halloween and Halloween II, Marion Chambers , Dr. Sam Loomis\'s colleague, returns to her home on October 28 to find it has been burgled. Before entering, she runs next door and lets her two teenage neighbors know that someone has ransacked her house. When arriving, Marion gets shaken up when she gets scared by one of the teens, Jimmy Howell  for he pops out in front of her wearing a Jason Voorhees mask. Jimmy searches Marion\'s house, but finds nothing and Marion decides to wait for the police in her house alone. While in her house, Marion discovers her file on Laurie Strode  missing and finds someone is still in her house and immediately rushes over to her neighbors house. When she arrives, she finds both teenagers murdered. The killer, Michael Myers, , attacks her. After a brief confrontation with Marion, he manages to kill her. The police arrive as Michael leaves the house with the file on Laurie Strode. Laurie Strode  has faked her death and is living in Northern California under the assumed name "Keri Tate". As Tate, Laurie has a seemingly perfect life with a son, John , a boyfriend, Will , and a great career as headmistress at Hillcrest Academy High School, a private boarding school. However, Laurie/Keri is far from happy. The tragic events from 20 years previous still haunt her and adversely affect her parental capabilities. To everyone, including Laurie\'s school secretary Norma Watson  this is "just another Halloween", however, Laurie still lives in constant fear from the attacks from 20 years ago, and partially believes that her brother is still alive and will one day return. Two days later, after stealing a woman\'s car from a rest area, Michael manages to find her using the file, and starts stalking the school grounds. As school lets out for the weekend, most of the students leave for a weekend getaway and Laurie runs into Norma in the parking lot while she is leaving, wherein Norma gives her some motherly advice and tells her to "concentrate on today" Later that evening, John and his classmates are having an intimate Halloween Party in the basement when John\'s classmate, Charlie , goes to get a corkscrew and is attacked and killed by Michael. When Charlie\'s girlfriend, Sarah ,  goes looking for him, she finds his body and is attacked. She climbs into the elevator to save her life but as she climbs out, Michael tries to bring the elevator down by cutting the rope, and it falls on her and partially severs her leg. Michael then heads up to the floor she is on and kills her as well. When John and Molly ([[Michelle Williams   go looking for their classmates, they find Sarah\'s body hanging in a pantry and are chased by Michael through the school grounds and John gets stabbed in the leg. Just as Michael is about to get Molly and John, they are saved by Laurie and Will, who open the door for them just in time, and just as the door closes Laurie and Michael come face to face for the first time since their last encounter 20 years ago. Laurie and Will hide the kids and decide to try to kill Michael. When Will sees a shape approaching from the far end of the hall, he takes Laurie\'s pistol  and shoots the shape five times, only to discover that it was the school\'s security guard, Ronny . The real Michael then appears and kills Will. Laurie, Molly and John escape but she tells them to go for help while she chooses to go back to the school with a fire axe from the security house to challenge Michael in a fight to the death. She finds him and attempts to kill him several times, and finally after stabbing him multiple times, he topples over a balcony, similar to the first film. She approaches his body and pulls one of the knives out of his chest. She slowly raises the knife high above her head, preparing to bring it down on Michael and kill him, but before she can deliver the final blow, Ronny suddenly appears, apparently having survived the accidental shooting , and grabs her. He manages to restrain her from attacking the seemingly dead Michael and drags her out of the cafeteria. The police come and put Michael\'s corpse in a body bag, loading it into a coroner\'s van. Laurie, knowing that Michael is incredibly hard to kill and not believing that he is really dead, grabs the axe from earlier and an officer\'s pistol and steals the coroner\'s van with Michael\'s body in the back. While driving away, Michael sits up and escapes the body bag, trying to kill her again. She slams on the brakes, throwing him through the windshield. She then tries unsuccessfully to run him over. The vehicle tumbles down a cliff but she escapes, while Michael gets trapped between it and a tree. Laurie recovers the axe and walks to where he is pinned. He reaches out to her, apparently seeking forgiveness and compassion. At first it seems she will accept this, and begins reaching out to him, but then she slowly pulls her hand back and with one swing decapitates Michael, finally killing him. Michael\'s head, still concealed by the mask, rolls down the hill. Laurie exhales, as sirens are heard approaching from the distance.'] ['In 1984, a group of five high schoolers had broken into an abandoned hotel, as was tradition after graduation. They were all gruesomely murdered. At the insistence of one set of parents, the police brought in a psychic, as they could find no leads. The psychic said that the murderer was still in the hotel. The police searched but found no one. The psychic died in her sleep that night. The search was never continued, the murderer never found. 20 years later, six students had planned to enter the hotel. Two younger high school students found out that they were "up to something" and they "wanted in." The plan was, during the course of one night, to find all five rooms where the students were murdered. They find a severed hand in the first room and it unleashes a horrible curse. After the first two deaths, they find out that they need to find the other hand and the body and bury them together.'] ['A girl named Susan Jeremy is adored by all the boys at her school. However, there was one boy, Harold, who is taking it way too far. He sends Susan love notes constantly, asking her to be his girlfriend. Finally, when he was turned down for another boy named David and mocked on Valentine\'s Day, Harold decides he\'s had enough. After breaking into Susan\'s house, he kills David by breaking his neck on a coat hanger and running away, laughing maniacally. Now, nineteen years later, Mrs. Jeremy  seems to have forgotten the murder and, more importantly, Harold. However, Harold has not forgotten about Susan. When Susan is sent to her local hospital for a "routine checkup", she discovers someone does not want her to leave. A masked killer disguised as a surgeon is stalking her and stabbing, strangling or beating anyone that gets in his way.'] ['The story begins on October 31, 1963, in fictional Haddonfield, Illinois, with Michael Myers  looking through a window, at his older teenage sister, Judith Myers , and her boyfriend kissing in the living room. The boyfriend pulls away from Judith, and asks if they are alone. Judith quickly glances around, musing that Michael is no doubt around the house. The two teenagers then decide to go upstairs. When Michael sees the light go off in Judith\'s bedroom window, he enters the kitchen and takes a butcher knife out of a drawer. After Judith\'s boyfriend goes home, Michael enters Judith\'s room and stabs her repeatedly until she falls down dead. He then walks downstairs and out the front door with the knife in his hand. Once outside, a car pulls up, and the occupants are soon revealed to be his parents. His father pulls off the mask to reveal a six-year-old boy, and the camera slowly pans out as both parents stare at him in horror. Following the murder, Michael is sent to Smith\'s Grove Sanitarium, where he is placed under the care of psychiatrist Dr. Samuel Loomis . Michael enters a state of catatonia and remains that way for the next fifteen years. Loomis, accompanied by nurse Marion Chambers  arrives at the sanitarium on October 30, 1978 to bring Michael to a court hearing, but he escapes, stealing the car that Chambers was driving, attacking her in the process and makes his way back to Haddonfield, killing a tow truck driver for his clothes. Loomis follows him there, attempting to prevent Michael from murdering anyone else. The following day--Halloween--high school student Laurie Strode  continually sees Michael, now wearing dark blue coveralls and a white mask, first at her school, then on the street. Laurie\'s friends, Annie Brackett  and Lynda van der Klok , dismiss Laurie\'s concerns. Then, later at her house, she sees Michael outside, in the yard, staring into her room. Laurie is startled, but then dismisses it thinking it was a neighbor. Meanwhile, Dr. Loomis goes to the local cemetery, and is guided by the groundskeeper to the grave plot of Judith Myers. The groundskeeper becomes angry when he discovers a missing headstone, and looks down at his papers. He then looks up at Dr. Loomis, and tells him that the missing headstone belonged to Judith Myers. Upon hearing this news, Dr. Loomis mutters under his breath, "He came home." Later on, Annie\'s father, Sheriff Leigh Brackett , is approached by Loomis, and the two quietly look for Michael. That night, Laurie babysits a boy named Tommy Doyle , while Annie babysits a girl named Lindsey Wallace  across the street from the Doyle house. Michael methodically stalks Annie and kills Lindsey\'s dog. When Annie gets a call from her boyfriend, Paul, to pick him up, she takes Lindsey to the Doyle house. Annie gets in her car to pick up Paul but she is killed by Michael, who strangles and slits her throat with a knife. Meanwhile at the Doyle House, Tommy spots Michael carrying Annie\'s body back into the house. He thinks Michael is the bogeyman and tries to tell Laurie, who dismisses his claims. Later, Lynda and her boyfriend, Bob, enter the house unaware that Michael is inside. They then retire into the bedroom, where they have sex. Afterwards, Michael impales Bob onto the wall with a kitchen knife, then strangles Lynda with a telephone cord as she talks on the phone with Laurie. The disturbing disruption to the phone call concerns Laurie even further. Feeling unsettled, Laurie enters the Wallace house after the murders. She sees the dead bodies of her friends that Michael has killed and hidden. Michael has placed his sister Judith\'s headstone behind Annie\'s body. Suddenly, Laurie is attacked by Michael and falls backwards down the staircase. She runs out of the house, and tries to get someone to help her, only to be ignored. Eventually, she flees back to the Doyle house, but the door is locked, so she has to tell Tommy to open the door quickly as Michael slowly walks toward the house. Luckily, Tommy opens the door in time and lets Laurie inside. Laurie then instructs the children to hide and then realizes that the phone is dead, and that Michael has gotten into the house through a window. As she sits down in horror next to the couch, her hand falls on a knitting needle. Michael appears and tries to stab her, but she counterattacks his move, and stabs him in the neck with the knitting needle, and he collapses by the window. Laurie makes her way to an upstairs bedroom and locks herself in a closet, but Michael breaks a hole in the door. Laurie attacks by poking Michael in the eye with a clothes hanger, and then stabs Michael in the chest with his own knife. Michael collapses and Laurie exits the closet. Meanwhile, outside, Dr. Loomis sees Tommy and Lindsey running away from the house and suspects that Michael could be in the house. Michael gets up and tries to strangle Laurie, but she is saved by Dr. Loomis, who shoots Michael six times in the chest. Michael falls from the second-story window, onto the lawn below. When Dr. Loomis looks over the balcony, however, Michael\'s body is missing. Laurie begins to cry as Loomis looks out suspiciously into the night. Michael\'s masked breathing is heard as previous locations of the movie are shown.'] ['In the town of Ogden Marsh, Iowa, David , the local sheriff enjoys a baseball game. His deputy, Russell Clank ([[Joe Anderson , spots Rory Hamill, a local resident, entering the outfield holding a shotgun, presumably drunk. David is forced to shoot and kill the unresponsive Rory. David and his wife Judy , the community doctor, begin to notice other town residents exhibiting bizarre behavior, including listlessness and repetitive speech. The next night, a local farmer burns his house down with his wife and son trapped inside, killing them. While investigating the discovery of a pilot\'s body in a swamp, David and Russell discover a military aircraft submerged under the water, which David realizes has contaminated the drinking water and caused the town residents odd behavior. Against the mayor\'s direct orders, he shuts off the town\'s water supply. Soon after, communication services are lost in town, and soldiers arrive to take all residents to quarantine at the high school. Everyone is examined for symptoms of infection. Judy does not pass the examination and is separated from David. She explains her fever is due to pregnancy, but is sedated anyway. She wakes strapped to a gurney as the perimeter of the facility is breached by the infected townspeople in an effort to escape. The military personnel evacuate, abandoning Judy and the other civilians. David is nearing evacuation, but escapes and rejoins Russell. They rescue Judy and her hospital assistant, Becca . David, Judy, Russell, and Becca make their way out of town on foot, unable to find a working vehicle. They encounter Becca\'s boyfriend, Scotty, when they pass through his farm. Soldiers raid the farm, shoot Scotty and his mother, and burn the bodies. They learn that the soldiers have been ordered to shoot all civilians who have potentially been exposed. The group repair a patrol car, and, once on the road, are spotted by an attack helicopter and drive into a car wash for cover. The infected attack and kill Becca, and the helicopter destroys the car. On foot, Russell disables a passing government SUV with a police spike strip. The driver, presumably a government agent, reveals the cargo plane contained "Trixie," a "Rhabdoviridae prototype" biological weapon. Enraged, Russell shoots the driver and threatens Judy and David. When confronted about his behavior, Russell realizes he is infected and, after being disarmed, begs to go on with Judy and David. He later dies while distracting soldiers at a blockade, so that Judy and David can sneak past. David and Judy arrive at a truck stop to search for a vehicle, discovering the military also executed those who were evacuated. Fending off the infected, they escape in a semi-truck. Ogden Marsh is destroyed in a massive explosion as they flee, and their truck flips in the passing shockwave. As the couple walk towards Cedar Rapids, a view from a military satellite highlights first the couple, then the city, and the words "Initiate containment protocol" appear, signifying a new containment attempt. In the credits, Bruce Aune, a real newscaster from KCRG-TV 9 in Cedar Rapids, Iowa reports that an explosion originating from the Dakon Pendrill chemical plant started a massive fire in Ogden Marsh. He says a perimeter has been set and civilians are not being allowed into the area.'] ['The film opens in a garage with an unconscious young woman having her head wrapped in duct tape and her legs chained to the back of two cars. A man and a woman walk to their cars on their way to work. As the couple start their cars they exit the driveway. The woman in the garage wakes up, frightened; as the man is about to depart, the woman in the car notices the victim, but as she exits her car to warn the man, he drives off. Neil Conners  receives a chain letter from an anonymous person telling him that he is the first person who links the chain, and instructing him to forward it to five people, or else he will die. His sister Rachael  then enters his room and forwards the letter, but to only four recipients. Neil then adds his sister to the list and sends it. Jessica "Jessie" Campbell , who is Rachael\'s best friend, gets the letter and forwards it to five friends; Johnny Jones ([[Matt Cohen  also receives it but refuses to send it, believing it to be ridiculous. While he is getting a drink of water at the fountain in the gym, a black hooded figure slams his head on the fountain three times and knocks two of his teeth out. Unconscious, he is chained arm-by-arm and leg-by-leg to a gym set and has his bones broken, after which the killer uses the chains to slice his face open, which kills him. Jessie becomes suspicious as more people start to die. While Rachael is taking a bath, she is attacked in the bathroom by the black hooded figure, who stabs a spear into her head, splitting it open. Jessie, Neil, and Michael  must now try to stop the murders. A few days later, Jessie attends Rachael\'s funeral and is greeted by Detective Jim Crenshaw , and he tells her to forward the chain letter to him. Later on, as more people send Neil the message, he panics and decides to delete all of them in order to be able to confront the killer. The killer, however, is on the roof of Neil\'s room, and sends a chain smashing through his ceiling. Neil dies a bloody death as he gets dragged up to the roof of his house by chains with various sickles and a hook. It is revealed that the man behind all the killings was a soldier. During the war, he was tortured by the enemy because he had a government-issued cell phone. He returns to the United States severely disfigured and breaks out of a hospital, disappearing. He starts a cult of "anti-technology" followers who are marked by bar-code tattoos. As the film closes, the woman chained to the cars in the beginning is revealed to be Jessie, who is killed because she sent the chain letter to Detective Jim Crenshaw without sending it to four other people. Michael saves her. As the film ends, Detective Jim Crenshaw is shown chained to a table while the killer is being killed by Carl Johnson.'] ["After a hotel reservation mix up, two sisters Karen and Jennifer, and their friend Vicki Thompson, meet a friendly, but shady character named Ernest Keller. Ernest convinces the women into accepting an invitation for cheap room and board at his large farmhouse where his wife Virginia also lives. Once there, Jennifer and Karen leave for the holiday parade fair which Jennifer, a news reporter, is reporting on. At the festival, Jennifer is met by her soon to be ex-boyfriend, Tony, who gets her to stay behind to talk about their relationship. Meanwhile, back at the house, Vicki prepares to take a nap in her room, but is attacked by an unseen figure. The unseen eventually begins to pull Vicki into a floor vent when she tries to escape. At the parade, Karen leaves Jennifer and Tony to talk, and makes her way back to the house alone—where she too is then attacked and killed by the unseen, as it attempts to pull her by her hair through a vent into the basement. Virginia, who had been in the barn slaughtering a chicken, soon after comes inside to find the bodies of both Vicki and Karen. When Ernest arrives back at the house, he finds Virginia in shock. At this point, it is revealed through flashbacks that Virginia and Ernest are, in fact, brother and sister, and that Ernest had murdered his own sadistic father years before in order to maintain the relationship. It is also revealed that they have an incestual son named 'Junior' who has been kept locked up in the basement; the viewer also learns that Junior is often viciously beaten by Ernest. Ernest then convinces Virginia, who the viewer now realizes is taken advantage of by Ernest, that Jennifer must be killed upon her return, in order to keep everything under cover. When Jennifer gets back, she is lured into the basement by Ernest, who then locks her inside. She wanders around looking for a way out, only to stumble upon Karen and Vicki's dead bodies. In a panic, she is confronted by Junior, who turns out to be a mentally retarded and infantile grown man; at this point, it becomes clear that in all likelihood he did not actually mean to kill Karen and Vicki. Ernest comes into the basement to finish off Jennifer, but Virginia, having had a change of heart, attempts to stop him. Ernest begins attacking Virginia, but Junior, enraged by the sight, intervenes to protect his mother. A fight breaks out between Junior and Ernest, while Jennifer escapes. The fight ends with Ernest gaining advantage over Junior, and knocking him in the head with a broken board containing a sharp, exposed nail, which causes Junior to collapse and die. Ernest then makes his way outside to hunt down and kill Jennifer. Just as she is about to be attacked, Tony pulls-up in his car, sees the commotion, and runs to help her, but trips and falls due to an existing leg injury. However, at the last possible moment, Ernest is shot in the chest from afar by Virginia. The film ends with Virginia cradling the dead body of Junior."] ['Based on the true story of serial murderer Gary Ridgway, the film depicts how he would approach prostitutes in bars, then take them to his homes and brutally kill them. Then he\'d throw the corpses into the Green River, which is where the name "Green River Killer" comes from. Soon the investigating police officers are on his trackCD Universe - Green River Killer DVD Movie.'] ["Picking up one day after the events of Friday the 13th Part 2, the horribly deformed mass murderer Jason Voorhees has survived his attack at the hands of Paul Holt and Ginny Field and has migrated to a store where he has to steal new clothes. He then murders the store owners, Harold, with a meat cleaver slammed into his chest, and his wife, Edna, with one of her own knitting needles through the back of her head, before moving on to a nearby lakefront property called Higgins Haven. At the same time, a girl named Chris Higgins, who was attacked by a mysterious, disfigured stranger in the woods near Crystal Lake two years earlier, returns to the property with her friends Debbie, Andy, Shelly, Vera, Chuck, and Chili. After meeting Abel, an inebriated, religious fanatic who warns them to turn back, the gang meets Chris' boyfriend Rick at their destination . Chris intends to face her fears, however none of her friends know that an unmasked and reclusive Jason has taken refuge in the barn to recover from his battle wounds. The gang runs into trouble with some local bikers, Fox, Loco, and Ali, who then try vandalize their property. However, they are dispatched one by one by Jason before they can do any real damage - except for siphoning gas from Chris's van. Fox is impaled through the throat by a pitchfork, next, Loco gets another pitchfork through the stomach, and thirdly Ali is clubbed with a pipe wrench. When Chris and Rick go out for a drive, Jason emerges. He slits Shelly's throat and takes his hockey mask. Now, masked to cover his hideously deformed face, he then proceeds to murder the rest of the gang. He shoots Vera in the eye with a spear gun. While Andy is handstand walking, he looks up as Jason slashes him with a machete, splitting him in half. Debbie has a knife shoved through her neck while she rests on a hammock. Chuck enters the basement when the power dies and is thrown on a fuse box and electrocuted. Chili then gets impaled through the stomach with a red hot fire poker. Chris and Rick return to find the place empty and split up to see what's going on. Chris goes outside to call out to Rick, but Jason keeps his hand held over his mouth just a few feet away. Rick is then killed by Jason who squeezes his head until one of his eyeballs pops out. Jason then attacks Chris, chases her around the property, and into the barn. Chris hits Jason in the head with a shovel which knocks him temporarily unconscious, long enough to place a noose around his neck and roll him off outside the barn, hanging him. When Chris goes back down and opens the barn door, to her surprise, Jason has survived the hanging. Jason raises his mask up so he can take the noose off of his neck, and showing his real face to Chris, at which point she recognizes him as the man who attacked her two years earlier. As Jason proceeds to attack Chris, one of the bikers, Ali, who has survived his clubbing earlier, attempts his revenge, but Jason cuts off his hand and proceeds to hack him. With Jason distracted, Chris picks up an ax and strikes him in the head, apparently killing him. Chris then wanders over to the lake and falls asleep in a canoe that drifts into the middle of the lake. The next morning, Chris wakes up and sees Jason unmasked and alive staring at her through an upstairs window in the house. When he spots her, he runs out to attack her but as Chris tries to escape, she is grabbed and taken into the water by a decomposing Pamela Voorhees . It is revealed that this was all a nightmare, and at some point later, the police take a clearly mentally disturbed Chris off the property as the camera shows Jason's supposedly dead body. The final shot is of the lake finally at peace."] ['After performing at a local club, trans women Rachel Slurr and Emma Grashun plan to party with Nacho and Chuey. When the guys tell them that they have a third friend, the girls convince their reluctant friend Bubbles Cliquot to join them. The girls drive to a warehouse where they are joined by Nacho and Chuey, along with their partner Boner. Bubbles tells her friends that Boner had recently drugged and raped her during a hook-up when he discovered she was transgender. Vowing to "finish the job", Boner, Nacho and Chuey attack the girls. Emma and Rachel are severely wounded but Bubbles is able to call her "mother" Pinky La\'Trimm and Tipper Sommore and escape. Pinky and Tipper find Bubbles outside the warehouse and head inside to rescue Rachel and Emma. Instead, they are overpowered by the men and Boner attacks Bubbles again outside. Some time later, Bubbles awakens from a coma. She learns from Pinky and Rachel that Emma and Tipper are dead. After Bubbles is discharged from the hospital, her friend Fergus trains the three surviving women in martial arts. Back at Bubbles\' apartment, Boner, Nacho and Chuey break in and overpower her again, tying her to a chair. Boner offers Bubbles a choice of ways to die but he momentarily turns his back on her. When he turns back Nacho and Chuey are unconscious and Bubbles, freed, knocks him out. A flashback reveals that Bubbles, Pinky, and Rachel set a trap for the men. Boner regains consciousness to learn that the women have placed switchblade knives in the rectal cavities of Nacho and Chuey and a gun in his own rectum, weapons that will be triggered if any of them make any sudden moves. In a series of convoluted action sequences, Nacho and Chuey each recovers his knife and battles one of the women. Rachel kills Chuey and Pinky battles Nacho until Boner recovers his gun and holds it on Bubbles. Bubbles wrestles him for the weapon and, as Pinky finishes off Nacho, Bubbles shoots Boner in the chest. Pinky and Rachel each impale Boner with their thrown knives and Bubbles wrenches a large knife out of Nacho\'s skull and splits Boner\'s head with it, finally killing him.'] ['The sequel picks up on Christmas Eve some years after the first one, with Ricky Caldwell, the 18-year-old brother of the first film\'s killer, being held in a mental hospital, awaiting trial for a series of murders he committed. While being interviewed by psychiatrist Dr. Henry Bloom, Ricky tells the story of the murders his brother Billy committed through a series of several flashbacks that use footage from the original film, as well as some new shots inserted in the flashbacks to make Ricky appear in more of Billy\'s original story. After this is done, Ricky tells his own story: after Billy\'s death, he was adopted and given a good upbringing, but his trauma was never treated. After his foster father\'s death, Ricky seems to lose composure and commits a series of random murders, targeting people who are "naughty". A chance for a happy and normal life seems to materialize when he starts dating Jennifer Statson. However, an unpleasant encounter with Jennifer\'s ex-boyfriend Chip sends Ricky over the edge. He kills Chip by electrocuting him with jumper cables attached to a red car in front of Jennifer. He then uses the antenna of the car to strangle Jennifer to death. An officer sees this and as Ricky is about to get arrested, he grabs the officer\'s gun, shoots the officer in the head, and then goes on a shooting spree through a suburban neighborhood before being captured by the police. Cutting back to the present day, Ricky kills Dr. Bloom and escapes from the mental hospital, murdering a Salvation Army Santa before stealing the man\'s costume. Ricky\'s plan is to kill the now disfigured, wheelchair-using Mother Superior, whom he blames for Billy\'s death. After a chase through her house, he succeeds in decapitating Mother Superior. The cops arrive and gun Ricky down. Sister Mary wakes up, sees Mother Superior\'s decapitated head and screams. Ricky, who was shot down, opens his eyes and smiles evilly, indicating that he survived.'] ["Karen Cook was a high school student during the night that evil invaded her life. She would soon be known as the lone survivor of a seven-day killing spree perpetrated by a seventeen year old boy the world would come to call Basement Jack. For the next eleven years, Karen Cook lived in fear that one day Basement Jack would be released. Then, a court hearing in 2006 found that Jack Riley had not received a fair trial and he was released from a state institution. A year later, murders baring a resemblance to Basement Jack's old mode of operation were occurring around the town of Downers Grove. Karen Cook soon realized that the maniac was hunting her and that the only option left to her was to find Jack and kill him. So the hunt began. And on a stormy night, in the town of Downers Grove , the killer and his prey would find one another and as they hunt one another the citizens would have to fight to survive the blade of Basement Jack."] [" Kris Fowles  goes to the Springwood Diner to meet with her boyfriend, Dean Russell , who falls asleep at the table and meets a man covered in burn scars, wearing a red and green sweater, a fedora and a clawed glove on his hand. The burned man cuts Dean's throat in the dream, but in reality it appears that Dean is cutting his own throat as his friend, waitress Nancy Holbrook , looks on with Kris. At Dean's funeral, Kris sees a photograph of her and Dean as children, but cannot recall ever knowing Dean before high school. Kris begins to dream about the burned man herself and refuses to go to sleep for fear that she will die in her dreams. Jesse Braun ([[Thomas Dekker , Kris's ex-boyfriend, shows up at her house to keep her company while she sleeps, but Kris meets the burned man in her dreams and is murdered. Covered in blood, Jesse runs to Nancy's house to try to explain what happened and he learns that Nancy has been having dreams about the same man: Freddy Krueger . Jesse is apprehended by the police under suspicion of murdering Kris, and is killed by Krueger when he falls asleep in his jail cell. With her friends dying, Nancy begins to question what everyone's connection is to each other, given that none of them can remember each other before their teenage years. Eventually, Nancy and her friend Quentin Smith  discover that all of them attended the same preschool together. Nancy's mother, Gwen , reluctantly tells Nancy and Quentin that there was a gardener at the preschool, Fred Krueger, who abused Nancy and the rest of the kids. Gwen explains that Nancy was his favorite, and that she came home one day telling her mother about a hidden space in Krueger's room and the things he did to her there. Gwen claims Krueger skipped town before he was arrested. Nancy does not believe her and attempts to track down the remaining kids from the school. Nancy eventually discovers that all of the other kids have been killed, most of them in their sleep. Meanwhile, Quentin tries to accept that his nightmares are nothing more than repressed memories, but he falls asleep during swim practice and witnesses what really happened to Krueger. Quentin sees everyone's parents hunt down Krueger, and then burn him alive. Quentin and Nancy confront Quentin's father, Alan Smith , about murdering Krueger with no evidence that he had committed any crime. Thus, Nancy and Quentin believe that Krueger wants revenge on them for lying as children. As a result of their insomnia, Nancy and Quentin begin sporadically dreaming while they are still awake. To try to stop Krueger, they decide to go to the preschool and learn what they can. On the way, Nancy falls asleep and is attacked by Krueger, but when Quentin wakes her up they discover she has pulled a piece of Krueger's sweater out of the dreamworld and into reality. Quentin takes Nancy to the hospital for cuts on her arm; there, he steals some adrenaline and a syringe to help them stay awake. Nancy and Quentin eventually make it to the preschool. Quentin uncovers Krueger's hidden room and the evidence that proves Krueger was in fact abusing all of the children; they realize that Krueger actually wants revenge on them for telling the truth. Nancy decides the only way to end this is to pull Krueger out of their dreams and kill him in reality. Quentin tries to stay awake long enough to pull Nancy out of her dream when she has Krueger, but he falls asleep and is attacked. Krueger then goes after Nancy, and explains that he intentionally left her for last so she would stay awake long enough that, when she finally fell asleep, she would no longer be able to wake up. While Nancy struggles with Krueger, Quentin uses the adrenaline to wake up Nancy who pulls Krueger into reality. With Krueger distracted by Quentin, Nancy uses a broken paper cutter blade to cut Krueger's gloved hand off, and then slice his throat. Afterward, Nancy torches the secret room, with Krueger's body left inside, while she and Quentin leave. Nancy and her mother return home from the hospital; Krueger suddenly appears in a mirror's reflection and kills Nancy's mother before pulling her body through the mirror while Nancy screams."] ["Eric Binford is a hollow, chain smoking young man who is also an obsessed film addict whose love of old films extends far beyond his job at a Los Angeles film distributor's warehouse and endless late night film screenings in his bedroom. For his vast knowledge, he's been bullied by his friends and family. His singular obsession eventually rounds the bend into psychosis after he crosses paths with Marilyn O'Connor , an Australian model and a Marilyn Monroe look-alike who becomes the physical embodiment of his cinematic desires. When  stood up by Marilyn on what would have been their first date, Eric becomes homicidally unbalanced, transforming himself into a gallery of classic film characters - including Dracula, The Mummy, Hopalong Cassidy, and Norman Bates - and sets out to destroy his oppressors, starting with his crotchety wheelchair-using, ex-dancer Aunt Stella whom he pushes her wheelchair down a staircase to her death, reenacting a scene from the 1947 film Kiss of Death and makes it look like an accident. Eric attends her funeral dressed as Tommy Udo - Richard Widmark's role from the aforementioned film. Eric then dresses up as Count Dracula to attend a midnight screening of Night of the Living Dead at a local cinema, and afterwords targets a hooker who had earlier snubbed him. She trips, falling to her death, and Eric drinks her blood. A few more nights later, Eric dresses up as the cowboy Hopalong Cassidy where he shoots and kills a boorish co-worker , who taunted him on a regular basis. Another few nights later, Eric dresses up as the Mummy where he drives his mean and vindictive boss, Mr. Berger , into suffering a fatal heart attack while he is working late night at the distribution warehouse. Finally, Eric dresses up as gangster Cody Jarrett (from [[White Heat  and kills a sleazy filmmaker, named Gary Bially, who stole his idea as his own for an upcoming feature film at a barber shop in broad daylight which finally gives away his identity. Eric then eventually works his way toward Marilyn hoping to lure her to his side. Investigating the murders is a criminal psychologist, named Dr. Jerry Moriarty , who tries to find a pattern to the murders and find Eric, to help or stop him, with the assistance of a friendly policewoman. But Moriarty's investigation is hampered by his own mean-spirited and nasty boss Captain Gallagher, who tries to stop Moriarty's investigation because Gallagher wants to take all the credit of finding the killer for himself. It all leads to Eric luring Marilyn to a photography studio where he drugs her to reenact a scene from The Prince and the Showgirl which is interrupted when Dr. Moriarty arrives and Eric is forced to run with Marilyn at his side. It leads to the Grauman's Chinese Theatre where the insane Eric is shot dead by the police on the roof of the building while reenacting Cody Jarrett's death scene in White Heat."] ['Isabella , one of many beautiful models employed at a fashion house, is walking through the grounds that lead to the establishment one night when she is attacked and violently killed by an assailant wearing a white featureless mask. Police Inspector Sylvester  is assigned to investigate the murder and he interviews Max Marian , the manager who co-manages the salon with his lover, the recently widowed Countess Cristina Como . Max attests that he can not provide any information whatsoever that can assist the inspector, but as the investigation continues all of the fashion house\'s various sins, including corruption, abortions, blackmail and drug addiction, begin to come to light. It is revealed that Isabella had kept a diary detailing these vices, and suddenly almost every employee becomes nervous. Nicole  finds the diary, and she promises to provide it to the police, but Peggy ([[Mary Arden  manages to steal it from her purse during work. That night, Nicole drives to an antique store owned by her paramour, Frank . He is not there, and while inside she suddenly finds herself stalked by a black clad figure, who had apparently been waiting for her. She gets to the front entrance door but is grabbed from behind by the masked individual, who raises and slams a spiked glove into her face, killing her instantly. The murderer searches the corpse and her purse for the diary. When it becomes clear that she did not have it, the killer runs out of the shop. The murderer next visits Peggy\'s apartment. The killer gains entrance simply by knocking on the front door, and when Peggy opens it, the masked figure abruptly walks inside. The assailant slaps and hits her repeatedly, and she explains that she no longer has the diary and had in fact burned it in the fireplace. When her attacker checks the fireplace to see if she told the truth, she tries to pick up a telephone to call for help. Enraged, the murderer hits her over and over again in the face until she is knocked unconscious. The assailant then carries her away just as the police arrive. Peggy is taken to another location and tied to a chair. The killer tortures her, demanding to know where the diary is. The woman reaches up and knocks off the mask. The shocked girl recognizes her assailant, who proceeds to kill her brutally by slowly pressing her face against the red-hot surface of a burning furnace. Inspector Sylvester is convinced that the murderer is one of the men employed at the fashion house, so he arrests all of those he believes might be related to the deaths. However, while the suspects are in custody, Greta  discovers Peggy\'s corpse hidden in the trunk of her car, and is then attacked and smothered to death by the killer. After discovering the bodies of the latest victims, Sylvester releases all of the men. Max visits Cristina and reminds her about how he had assisted in the murder of her husband. Isabella had found out that Max had been involved in the crime, and began blackmailing him. When she started asking for more and more money, Max murdered her. It was only later that Max and Cristina realized she had been keeping a diary that revealed everything. While attempting to retrieve the diary, Max had also killed Nicole and Peggy. When Max and the other men from the agency were placed under arrest, Cristina had murdered Greta to give Max an alibi for the previous killings. Now, Max tells Cristina that he once again needs her help and convinces her that after only one more death they will be safe. That night, the voluptuous Tao-Li  is drowned in her bathtub by the masked killer who, immediately after the murder, removes the mask and is revealed as Cristina. She uses a razor blade to slice the corpse\'s wrists in order to make the death seem like a suicide. Cristina prepares to leave the victim\'s apartment when she is interrupted by a knocking sound on the front door followed by the loud voice of a man identifying himself as the police. She decides to escape out the second story window and then tries to climb down a drainpipe, which falls under her weight, slamming her to the ground. Later that night, Max searches through Cristina\'s desk, looking for money and documents. Suddenly, a bloody and bruised Cristina enters the room, shakily holding a gun aimed directly at Max. Max had been the "policeman" knocking on Tao-Li\'s front door, and, knowing how Cristina would attempt to escape, he had deliberately broken the drainpipe in such a way that it would be guaranteed to collapse. He attempts to persuade his lover and almost succeeds in getting her to hand over the gun, but she abruptly changes her mind and shoots him to death. The mortally wounded Cristina collapses next to Max\'s corpse.'] ['A mysterious black freighter steams at night, apparently deserted. Detecting a Cruise ship close by, the ship alters course as ghostly voices shout in German, "Battle Stations! Enemy in sight!" Aboard the cruise ship, the prickly Captain Ashland  is making his final voyage, attended by his replacement, Captain Trevor Marshall , who has brought along his family. Outside, the freighter heads right for them, blasting its horn, and despite Ashland\'s best efforts, collides with the cruise ship, sinking it. The next morning, a handful of survivors, including Marshall, his wife Margaret , their children Robin and Ben, a young officer named Nick , his love interest Lori , the ship\'s comic Jackie , and a passenger, Mrs. Morgan , are adrift on a large piece of wreckage. Ashland surfaces nearby, and is brought aboard barely conscious. Later, the survivors come upon the black freighter, unaware it is the ship which attacked them. Finding a boarding ladder slung from the stern, they climb aboard, but not before the ladder plunges into the sea as the officers try to climb it with the injured Ashland. When all are finally aboard, Jackie tries to rally the survivors with humor, but a cable seizes him by the ankle, and he is lifted and swung outboard by one of the ship\'s cranes, which lowers the thrashing comic into the water before cutting him loose, to be swept astern and lost. Shocked, the survivors explore the corridors of the empty, echoing vessel, finding only cobwebs and 1930s memorabilia. Hatches open and close by themselves and lights go on and off while a swinging block knocks out Nick, who is exploring above deck. Meanwhile, a delirious Ashland hears a disembodied voice speaking to him in German, telling him "This ship has been waiting for you...It is your new ship....Your chance has come!" The others finally set up in a dusty bunk room, and break up to retrieve supplies and the injured Captain. Finding a record player and a movie projector that play by themselves, the survivors come to believe the ship is somehow alive. While watching the projected film , and eating a canister full of candy, Mrs. Morgan becomes grotesquely deformed and stumbles back to the bunk room, where a German-speaking Ashland strangles her. Now awake, and apparently under the ship\'s influence, Ashland dons a German naval officer\'s uniform and announces he is the captain. Marshall and Nick make a horrific discovery: the ship was once a Nazi prison ship, and the ghosts of its victims and crew are still aboard. They both decide to escape, but are thwarted when the ship\'s two lifeboats lower into the sea by themselves and drift away. Despairing, the survivors are further taunted by Ashland, who tosses Lori overboard. Marshall and Nick are attacked by the piercing whine of the ship\'s electronics as the projector now shows films of Adolf Hitler. Nick lunges at Ashland, but instead plunges into a net holding skeletal remains, and Ashland drowns him. Marshall manages to stab a gloating Ashland, apparently killing him and stopping the ship. Searching below, Marshall finds a life raft in a freezer full of the frozen bodies of downed airmen and sailors, but as the children are jumping overboard, Margaret is captured by a resurrected Ashland and is trapped in a chain locker. Marshall is knocked out by Ashland, but awakens in time to find Margaret, who has escaped from the locker. Captain Ashland attempts to shoot the escaping Marshall family with a German rifle, but ran out of bullets. He tossed away the empty gun in frustration to find others ways to destroy the Marshalls. Meanwhile, the ship detects another cruise liner and begins to give chase, ignoring Ashland, who wants it to run down the Marshalls\' raft instead. Trying to re-take control of the ship, Ashland storms into the engine room, but is pushed into the steering gear and crushed. His agonized screams echo through the ship, joining those of its earlier victims. Above, the Marshalls rejoice as the freighter turns and steams away. After drifting for some time, they are spotted by a search helicopter and rescued. Afterwards, the Death Ship is shown steaming along at full speed, ghostly voices once again announcing "Enemy in sight!" in German. It heads for another passenger ship, and the sounds of the collision are accompanied by the triumphant blasting of its horn.'] ['Will Graham  is a former FBI criminal profiler who has retired because of a breakdown after being attacked by a cannibalistic serial killer, Dr. Hannibal Lecktor ([[Brian Cox . Graham is approached at his Florida home by his former FBI superior Jack Crawford , who is seeking help with a new serial killer case. Promising his wife  that he will do nothing more than examine evidence and not risk physical harm, Graham agrees to visit the most recent crime scene in Atlanta, where he tries to enter the mindset of the killer, now dubbed the "Tooth Fairy" by the police for the bite-marks left on his victims. Having found the killer\'s fingerprints, Graham meets with Crawford. They are accosted by tabloid journalist Freddie Lounds ([[Stephen Lang , with whom Graham has a bitter history. Lounds\' paper had run photographs of Graham taken secretly while he was hospitalized. Graham pays a visit to the cell of Lecktor, a former psychiatrist, asking for his insight into the killer\'s motivations. After a tense conversation, Lecktor agrees to look at the case file. Lecktor later contrives to obtain Graham\'s home address by deceit. Graham travels to the first crime scene in Birmingham, Alabama, where he is contacted by Crawford, who tells him of Lounds\' tabloid story on the case. Crawford also patches Graham through to Frederick Chilton , Lecktor\'s warden, who has found a note in Lecktor\'s personal effects. Reading it, they realize it is from the Tooth Fairy, expressing admiration for Lecktor—and an interest in Graham. Crawford brings Graham to the FBI Academy at Quantico, where a missing section of the note is analyzed to determine what Lecktor has removed. It is found to be an instruction to communicate through the personals section of the National Tattler, Lounds\' newspaper. The FBI intended to plant a fake advertisement to replace Lecktor\'s, but they realise that without the proper book code the Tooth Fairy will know it is fake. So they let the advertisement run as it is, and Graham organizes an interview with Lounds, during which he gives a false and derogatory profile of the Tooth Fairy to incite him. After a sting operation fails to catch the killer, Lounds is kidnapped by the Tooth Fairy . Waking in the killer\'s home, he is shown a slideshow of William Blake\'s The Great Red Dragon paintings, along with the Tooth Fairy\'s past victims and slides of a family the killer identifies as his next targets. Lounds is forced to tape-record a statement before being set on fire in a wheelchair and killed, his flaming body rolled into the parking garage of the National Tattler as a warning. Graham is told by Crawford that they have cracked Lecktor\'s coded message to the Tooth Fairy—it is Graham\'s home address with an instruction to kill the family. Graham rushes home to find his family safe but terrified. After the FBI moves Graham\'s family to a safehouse, he tries to explain to his son Kevin why he had retired previously. At his job in a St. Louis film lab, Francis Dollarhyde—The Tooth Fairy—approaches a blind co-worker, Reba McClane , and ends up offering her a lift. They go to Dollarhyde\'s home, where Reba is oblivious to the fact that Dollarhyde is watching home-movie footage of his planned next victim. She kisses him and they make love. Dollarhyde is confused by this newfound relationship, though it helps suppress his bloodlust. Just as Graham comes to realize how much the Tooth Fairy\'s desire for acceptance factors into the murders, Dollarhyde watches as Reba is escorted home by another co-worker. Mistakenly believing them to be kissing, Dollarhyde murders the man and abducts Reba. When she calls him Francis, he tells her "Francis is gone. Forever." Desperately trying to figure out a connection between the murdered families, Graham realizes that someone must have seen their home movies. He and Crawford deduce where the films were processed. They identify the lab in St. Louis and fly there immediately. Dollarhyde has been casing the victims\' homes through home movies, enabling him to prepare for the break-ins in extreme detail. Graham determines which employee has seen these films and obtains Dollarhyde\'s home address, to which he and Crawford travel with a police escort. At Dollarhyde\'s home Reba is terrified as he contemplates what to do with her. As he struggles to kill Reba with a piece of broken mirror glass, police teams assemble around the house. Seeing that Dollarhyde has someone inside with him, Graham lunges through a window. He is quickly subdued by Dollarhyde, who retrieves a shotgun and uses it to wound Crawford and kill two police officers. Wounded in the firefight, Dollarhyde returns to the kitchen to shoot Graham, but misses because of his injuries and is killed himself when Graham returns fire. Graham, Reba, and Crawford are tended to by paramedics before Graham returns home and retires permanently.'] ["{{POV}} After a bank robbery gone wrong, three brothers, on the run from the law, head for home, hoping their mother  can provide them with a getaway. The youngest brother, Johnny , has been shot and their back-stabbing former partner has gotten away with all the cash. But when the brothers get home, they find that all their stuff is gone and Mother is nowhere to be found. She lost the house months ago in a foreclosure. The new owners, Beth and Daniel Sohapi  and their guests, gathered for an ill-timed birthday party, become the brothers' unwitting hostages. Not long after, Mother arrives, along with the boys' sister Lydia , and it soon becomes clear that Mother will do absolutely anything to protect her children. In one terrifying evening, she brilliantly takes control of the situation and masterminds her sons' escape from the law. Sides will be taken, secrets revealed, and sins punished as the hostages struggle to survive."] ['Seventeen years after slaughtering all but one member of a family, "The Sandman " is pending execution. Before his execution the jailers allow a minister  to visit him. The minister is a voodoo priest and an ally of the prisoner which the jailers did not realize. A hex is placed onto The Sandman so when his execution is over his soul can travel to a new body made of sand. The Sandman then plots to kill a young man named Griffin , who was the last survivor of the family he attempted to slaughter. The film features Ken Foree in a cameo role as a police detective.'] ['On a snowy December night, a state execution transfer vehicle crosses into the quiet backwater town of Snowmonton. Inside the truck is serial killer Jack Frost , who eluded police for five years and left a trail of thirty-eight bodies across five states before finally being arrested, by the sheriff of the same town the truck had just entered. Frost is scheduled to be executed at midnight that night. However, due to the snowy weather, a tanker containing genetic material that is driving the other direction collides with the prison truck, freeing Jack. As he tries to make his escape, the burning truck breaks the compression tester on the tanker, and the acid contained within the tanker breaks free, melting Jack\'s skin and skeleton. Shortly after his death, Jack\'s remains are fused with the snow. Sheriff Sam Tiler  is still haunted by his memories of Jack Frost. Despite news reports of Jack\'s demise, Sam cannot forget Jack\'s threats of vengeance against the sheriff, his family, and the whole town. The sheriff\'s fears soon prove to be founded when Old Man Harper is found murdered, his head forced back as if by a giant mitten. Soon afterwards, a local bully named Billy  and his ski patrol gang is also killed by getting his head decapitated by a sled after he "fell" into its path. According to the sheriff\'s son, Ryan, the snowman pushed the boy in the way. Billy\'s parents are murdered, Jake  having an axe shoved down his throat and Sally  being strung up like a Christmas tree. Paul Davrow, the sheriff\'s friend, witnesses the murders, but no one believes him. Sheriff Tiler has his deputies lock him up in a jail cell. Hearing of the murders, Agents Manners  and Stone  arrive in Snowmonton, claiming to be from the FBI. At the behest of the agents, Sheriff Tiler puts the town on 24 hour curfew and sends his officers out to gather all the townspeople. However, one of the officers  is killed when Jack Frost melts down and refreezes within his police cruiser, running the officer over. Two teens  are also killed when they sneak into the sheriff\'s house for a night of intimacy and as vengeance for the death of her brother. Jack Frost returns with the police cruiser to the station, finally confronting Sam. Agent Stone reveals himself to be a representative of the genetic research company that created the acid and reveals that the snowman is a mutated Jack Frost. He also reveals that the human soul exists as a chemical and that the acid was going to be used to contain DNA in case of a nuclear holocaust. They attempt to destroy Jack by blowing him up by releasing aerosol cans in the police station and firing a bullet at him, but to no avail. They then use blowdryers to drive Jack into a furnace, which evaporates the snowman. Unfortunately, Jack condenses, killing Agent Stone. Jack Frost traps Sheriff Tiler and his son, Ryan  within his car, but the sheriff escapes by inadvertently throwing the oatmeal his son made him at Jack, burning the snowman\'s head. His son, not wanting his father to be cold, put antifreeze in the oatmeal, believing it could help keep the oatmeal from getting cold. Sheriff Tiler tells his friend, Paul Davrow  to fill the bed of his truck with antifreeze. In the movie\'s conclusion, Jack chases Sam through the halls of a church and finally catches him, driving an icicle into his chest and almost killing him. The truck full of antifreeze arrives just in time, however, and Jack and Sam crash through a window and into the truck\'s bed. Jack Frost melts in the antifreeze, and the antifreeze is buried deep under the ground of Snowmonton. Tiler\'s wife Anne , realizes that the state police are on their way. When Paul asks Tiler what they are going to tell them, Tiler says, "we\'ll tell them that it\'s too late". But one of the containers is shown to be bubbling, suggesting that Jack is contained as a liquid, and is still alive.'] ['Locals are celebrating the last night of carnival, such as newly in-love couple Bob and Kathy, coach, Neil Marshall, waitresses, timid blonde Lily and comely, nubile Ramona, their boss Jackson and learning difficulties teenage peeping tom Casey, whose dad Avery is the town sheriff. Several them decide to spend the night down at the river, where an unknown double homicide climaxed there some nights before. But among the fairgoers is the one responsible for the deaths and as he/she lurks in the shadows; troubled over a tragic past  deciding to take his/her frustrations out with a machete on those he/she blames for all the misfortunes in his/her life. Following the group back to his/her riverside stomping grounds he/she sets about ensuring no one leaves the area alive.'] ['The father of New Orleans schoolteacher Annie Tarrant  was murdered in a Candyman-like fashion some years prior. When Professor Philip Purcell is murdered in a bathroom by Candyman after presenting the legend to his class and calling him forth, Annie\'s brother is accused of the murder  and one of her students starts to see the Candyman. In order to disprove to herself that the Candyman exists, she says his name five times in front of a mirror, summoning him to New Orleans on the eve of Mardi Gras, where the killing begins in earnest. Her husband Paul Mckeever becoming one of Candyman\'s new victims. The film\'s climax reveals more details of the Candyman\'s genesis, and his reason for stalking Annie.  The Candyman is revealed to be Daniel Robitaille , son of a slave on the Robitaille Plantation in New Orleans. Chosen by a wealthy landowner to paint a portrait of his daughter Caroline, the intimacy of the setting causes a torrid affair between Daniel and Caroline. The relationship results in Caroline becoming pregnant, and Daniel being reviled. After being tortured by the bigoted lynch mob, Daniel is chased out of the town and hunted across the fields by Caroline\'s father and an angry mob, and tortured by having his right hand sawed off with a rusty arborist saw blade and being coated in fresh honey from a nearby beehive. A small boy tastes the honey, and proclaims "Candy Man!", whereupon the crowd seizes the name and shouts it with gusto. The bees then swarm over Daniel\'s body, mortally wounding him. Caroline enters the scene, and is restrained as her father taunts Daniel  with her mirror to which Daniel gasps the words "Candy Man" before dying. Caroline seizes upon the mirror, and cradles it. It is this mirror that holds the tortured, hateful soul of the Candyman; the only remnant of her lover, Caroline hides the mirror in Daniel\'s birthplace. After this, she gives birth to Daniel\'s daughter named Isabel. Isabel is born Creole but she is raised by her mother as white. The mirror grants Candy Man his spiritual medium, and imbues his soul with the strength to kill when called upon.  Annie is revealed to be the Great-Great-Granddaughter of Caroline Sullivan. It also means she is Daniel Robitaille\'s descendant. Candyman stalks Annie so that he may kill her and destroy himself at 12 Midnight on Ash Wednesday. This is possibly to secure their resurrection into the afterlife, a running theme throughout the Candyman series. Octavia is Annie\'s guilt ridden mother who drowns her worries and the existence of the Candyman in booze and in lies. She later admits that Coleman tried to link the family name with "that monster" and denies that Candyman exists and he is related to her bloodline. Incensed over her offensive blatant disbelief of him, he introduces himself as she meets her end at his bloody hook. Coleman was Annie\'s father; he was murdered by the Candyman after seeking to expose the truth. Driven to madness at his search for the mirror, he eventually gives in and calls on the Candyman to justify his search at the expense of his life. Ethan is Annie\'s brother and a law student who drops out of college after Coleman\'s murder. He confesses to the murder of Dr. Purcell, whom Candyman killed in a bar restroom, to keep the secret of the Candyman from getting to his sister. He, like his father, is killed but not by the Candyman. He is shot while trying to flee the police station after Candyman slays a detective.'] ['{{prune}} The film opens in the small town of Shiloh, where two boys on bicycles ride through the woods up to the gates of the legendary Albino Farm. The oldest goes in and the youngest stays outside. The oldest boasts he isn\'t scared of anything, and then a figure leaps out and drags him into the woods. The film cuts to Stacey , Melody , Brian , and Sanjay  driving down a forest road, working on a history research project about backwoods American customs and legends. They almost hit someone, whom they initially take to be a young boy, scraping roadkill off the asphalt. To their sudden fright, the "child" turns out to be a dwarf who turns his head, with an unsettling countenance. When they walk back to their SUV, they see they have a flat tire. They keep driving until they see a gas station with a redneck man out front, who is blind. They talk to him and he talks eccentrically and incoherently, with a biblical turn. They acquire a tire to replace the flat one; Brian, the jerk of the group, deliberately underpays the blind man. The students continue their trip and stop at a white tent pitched in a field. Melody and Brian head up to investigate and are greeted by another redneck with a harelip who tells them about the Albino Farm and alludes that it may be a legend. There\'s a revival meeting in the tent, and the harelipped man strongly suggest that they receive salvation. The foursome keeps driving until they reach the old-fashioned town of Shiloh. They stop at a diner and eat, as night falls. They\'re served by a friendly, buxom waitress whom Brian and Sanjay knock themselves out over until they note that she has deformed hands, with clawlike fingers. Brian and Melody go looking for the Albino Farm while Sanjay and Stacey talk to an old woman inside an old church who suspiciously and unconvincingly tells them there is no such thing as the Albino Farm. Retreating to a back room, Stacey and Sanjay enter to see the woman breastfeeding a hideously deformed baby. Meanwhile, Melody and Brian ask a small boy, who communicates via chalkboard, where the Albino Farm is. He tells them to ask a group of unruly and somewhat disgusting teens in a car. There they meet Levi  and his two deaf friends, who agree to take them to the Albino Farm for twenty-five dollars and a view of Melody\'s breasts. After a minor argument, Melody reluctantly agrees, and they head off to the Albino Farm. The teens drive crazily, causing Melody to vomit. They stop in front of the gates to the farm and get into an argument. A fight between Levi and Brian breaks out and the teens drive away after flipping them off. Brian and Melody enter an old house and Brian sees a person and chases after them, with Melody following. Brian gets his leg caught in a bear trap. Sanjay and Stacey go looking for their friends and ask the same boy for directions. After driving to the farm with the boy as a guide, who bikes away after they arrive. They find a hysterical Melody, and she leads them to where she had last saw Brian, but he is gone. He had been captured and brought to a house inhabited by strange, horribly deformed people--one with a tongue protruding from a rosebud mouth, one with a pinhead, and several of them pig-like. The "Pig Bitch"  reveals her cleavage and does a striptease for Brian, who rejects her. She then takes a meat hook and shoves it through Brian\'s mouth and cheek. Melody, Sanjay, and Stacey, after hearing their car alarm, run back to their car to see that it\'s been oddly vandalized. Sanjay\'s camera, luckily, catches the perpetrator, who had also taken their luggage. The three go searching for Brian and find their luggage in a clearing, along with other people\'s. They then see a tree hung with skulls and bones. Going ballistic, Melody runs back through the woods, only to get attacked by the deformed pig people and have her neck snapped. Stacey and Sanjay find a dilapidated shack and enter cautiously. They see Brian in a chair with his back to them and approach him quietly, only to realize that he\'s dead. The pig people arrive at the shack and barricade the door. One of them breaks through the wall, but Sanjay hits him in the arm with an axe. The shack catches fire; Stacey and Sanjay flee into the woods. They discover Melody hanging upside down in the bone tree. They run, and the crazed, deformed clan chases them. They hide behind a tree, letting the killers pass without seeing them, but the killers wind up finding them and force them to continue running. They soon bump into the Pig Bitch, who knocks them out and captures them. They wake up in a cave and find their arms sewn together. They hobble away and stumble upon the pig people\'s cave campsite. One sees them, and the pair race away. They light a torch and try to rip their arms apart. They gorily succeed. They try to escape, but are attacked by the Pig Bitch. Stacey jabs the torch into her face, forcing her to let go, and they get away. Sanjay ends up falling into a chasm. Stacey climbs down into the chasm and consoles, him and then turns on some propane tanks when Pig Bitch attacks Stacey with a meat hook. Stacey and Pig Bitch fight. The rest of the monsters arrive, and Sanjay comes to and reaches for the torch. Pig Bitch and Stacey choke each other, and Stacey rips out some of Pig Bitch\'s hair. Stacey then picks up the meat hook and slashes Pig Bitch\'s throat before repeatedly stabbing her with the hook. Sanjay then heroically lights the torch, killing himself and a good number of the deformed people, and Stacey runs out of the cave as an explosion ensues, knocking her out. Stacey wakes up as dawn breaks and runs into the woods before reaching a field. She drops the meat hook as she comes upon the same white tent where a church congregation is meeting. She hysterically runs in and tries to explain what has happened. The preacher, who takes off his sunglasses and reveals abnormally light  eyes, laughs with the rest of the congregation. The congregation is composed of people who are deformed as well--not as horribly as the Albino Farm residents, but in the unsettling way of a freak show--Siamese twin sisters, another suckling deformed baby, a man with a stretched-out smile, another with a fat, pasty face, and the dwarf encountered earlier. As Stacey cries, "My God, it\'s the whole town!" the preacher quotes the passage about the sins of the fathers visiting the children. The audience, visibly amused, sings on, with Stacey, who by now is completely over the edge, grins widely and manically.'] ['The Horror Channel summarizes the plot as "In the darkest depths of secluded woodlands, a young group of friends head out for fun and frolics. Instead, they find themselves embroiled in a deadly game of cat and mouse".{{cite web}}'] [" On June 13, 1980, a young Jason Voorhees  witnesses his mother  being beheaded by a camp counselor , who was trying to escape Mrs. Voorhees's murderous rampage around Camp Crystal Lake. Approximately 30 years later, a group of vacationing friends—Wade , Richie ([[Ben Feldman , Mike , Whitney  and Amanda —arrive at Crystal Lake on a camping trip to find some marijuana that was planted in the woods. As Mike and Whitney explore the abandoned Crystal Lake camp, an adult Jason , with a cloth wrapped around his face to conceal it, begins to kill the rest of the group one by one. Jason also kills Mike, but decides to spare Whitney and abducts her because she resembles his mother at a young age. Six weeks later, Trent , along with his girlfriend Jenna  and their friends Chelsea , Bree , Chewie , Nolan , and Lawrence  arrive at Trent's summer cabin on the shore of Crystal Lake. The group is unaware of the events that occurred a few weeks prior. Clay Miller  arrives in town to search Crystal Lake for Whitney, his sister. During a confrontation, a farmhand rips Jason's cloth mask so he replaces it with an early model goalie mask. Clay eventually makes his way to Trent's cabin, where Jenna agrees to help him look for his sister on the other side of the lake. As Clay and Jenna search for clues, Jason kills Chelsea and Nolan, who are wakeboarding on the lake. Clay and Jenna reach the old Crystal Lake campgrounds, where they witness Jason hauling a dead body into one of the abandoned camp houses. The pair run back to warn the others about Jason, who soon arrives and cuts the power to the cabin. After killing Chewie and Lawrence, who ventured outside the house, Jason sneaks inside the cabin and kills Bree. Trent, Clay, and Jenna escape the house, but Trent is killed when he reaches the main road. Jason then chases Clay and Jenna back to the campgrounds, where Clay discovers Jason's lair and finds his sister chained to the wall. Clay frees Whitney, and all three attempt to escape as Jason arrives. The trio find an exit, but Jenna is killed before she can get out. Jason comes after Clay and Whitney, but Whitney, by pretending to be Mrs. Voorhees, uses Jason's love and memory of his mother to distract him long enough to stab him in the chest with his own machete. Afterward, Clay dumps Jason's lifeless body into the lake. Before he and Whitney can leave, Jason bursts through the wooden dock and grabs Whitney."] ['A sadistic serial killer Patrick Channing , known by most as the Pentagram Killer, is at large in Los Angeles, killing innocent people as a sacrifice to Satan. His specific MO is engraving a pentagram symbol into the flesh of his victims before killing them. Detective Russell Logan  is determined to bring the Pentagram Killer to justice. He receives an anonymous phone call from a psychic called Tess Seaton  who can "sense" where the killer is going to strike next. With time running out for the next victim Logan decides to take Tess on her word. Logan goes on a stakeout and successfully tracks down Channing\'s lair. During a struggle in which Logan apprehends Channing, Logan receives a severe stab wound to his torso. Logan manages to recover from his stomach injury and Channing is turned over to the death penalty authorities. Tess makes another phone call to Logan pleading with him that Channing must not be executed. Logan, who is satisfied that Channing is now caught and cannot harm another person, is not interested in sparing the serial killer from what he believes is a much deserved fate. Channing is later convicted and sentenced to be killed in the gas chamber. However, since Channing was a worshipper of Satan, Satan seemingly grants Channing The First Power -- resurrection. This is the first of three special powers Channing is attempting to gain, and is directly stated in the movie that Jesus Christ also possessed all three of these powers. Channing returns from beyond the grave and is able to appear or disappear at will, as well as possess others. His main objective now becomes to get his revenge on Russell Logan as well as continue his work. Logan must then team up with Tess in order to find a way to defeat Channing once and for all.  {| class="wikitable" |- ! Actor / Actress ! Character |- | Lou Diamond Phillips | Russell Logan |- | Mykelti Williamson  | Det. Oliver Franklin |- | Jeff Kober | Patrick Channing |- | Dennis Lipscomb | Cmdr. Perkns |- | Carmen Argenziano | Lt. Grimes |- | Clayton Landey | Mazza |- | Tracy Griffith | Tess Seaton |- | Sue Giosa | Carmen |- | Oz Tortora | Antonio |- | Dan Tullis Jr. | Cop at Arrest |- | Hansford Rowe | Father Brian |- | Grand L. Bush | Reservoir Worker |- | Bill Moseley | Bartender |- | David Gale | Monsignor |- | Philip Abbott | Cardinal |}'] ["A live webcast from a reputedly haunted house turns into a supernatural bloodbath when the ghost of a murderous mountaineer returns to finish what he started when he slaughtered his entire family twenty years prior. It's been two decades since famed mountaineer and ice climber Sean McIntire turned the tools of his trade on his unsuspecting family, but grim legends die hard in small towns and the locals still shudder at the mere mention of his name. Now, an unscrupulous young entrepreneur named Richard is seeking to cash in on this gruesome legend by staging a special Halloween webcast live from McIntire House. Three young couples will attempt to spend a night in the long-abandoned property, but only one will walk away with $5000 in prize money. When the ratings prove less than stellar, Richard attempts to spice things up by throwing a randy porn star into the mix. Later, after a group séance in which the participants revive the spirit of Sean McIntire, they split up into groups and search for the clues that will help them win the competition. His supernatural strength growing thanks to the mystic powers granted to him by Himalayan monks, McIntyre chases the last remaining contestants into the darkened attic of the home as horrified viewers all over campus watch in abject horror."] ['Six young people are caught in a night of hell in the wilderness as demons begin taking over their bodies. They must decipher a message left by a Cherokee elder before the long "Trail of Tears" march if they\'re to get through the night alive.'] ['The movie opens at a boarding school, at the time of the big party before summer break. While most of the students are outside listening to the headmaster\'s speech one student, Rebecka, is seen showering and writing a letter before jumping off the school\'s tower to her death. A year later the student Sara, who witnessed the suicide, is attending her final year at the school. Two new students, math genius Felix and diplomat son Leo, start to study at school. Sara and her friend Therese start to tell them of the local legend; Strandvaskaren . 100 years ago a farmer slaughtered three male students at the school before drowning himself in the nearby lake. He is believed to return once every year on the day of his death to haunt the school, and there is a tradition among the students to have a party at that day in the barn where the farmer once lived. Sara finds out that the farmer killed the students to avenge the rape and murder of his daughter, but it was all covered up by the authorities because the rapists were upper class. At the party, Sara\'s former boyfriend Måns and his friend Ynge try to pull a prank on Sara, but the drunken Ynge tries to rape her. Sara pushes him away and runs away while Måns yells at Ynge for going too far. Sara runs out and finds Måns current girlfriend hanging dead in the hallway. Ynge goes to have some milk and is killed by a fork struck through his head. Måns find the hysterical Sara and tries to calm her down and apologize. A masked man appears and rams an axe into Måns\' head as Sara runs off. Sara locks in Leo into a storeroom and calls for Therese and Felix to help. Sara finds an 8 mm film in a box that had belonged to Rebecka, and discovers that Rebecka had a brother who has a weird similarity to Felix. Felix shows up and tells Sara that he and Rebecka were siblings. They were separated because their father was mentally unstable and put away. When Rebecka died, he swore to avenge her, dressed up as The Drowning Ghost, and started to kill the students who tormented Rebecka. He asks Sara to not say anything but believes she would any way and tries to kill her. Sara knocks him out and runs away with Therese. Therese falls into the well and breaks her leg. Sara climbs down after her. Morning comes and Felix awakens. He finds Sara and Therese, who are too afraid to call for help, in the well and climbs after them. Sara and Therese crawls down the pipe to the lake but Felix catches up with Therese and kills her off screen. Sara manages to reach the lake and escapes in a boat at the beach. She keeps her eyes on the pipe to see when Felix comes out of there, but falls asleep. When she awakens she has no idea how long she\'s been sleeping, and Felix is nowhere to be found. Felix tries to climb into the boat from underwater, but Sara cuts his hand by starting the boat engine. Felix tries to attack once more but Sara apparently kills him by bashing the anchor into his back. Felix sinks down to the bottom. Sara is saved by the police and reunited with Leo on the beach; the police try to fish Felix up but instead find the farmer. Sara and Leo leave the boarding school and graduate at a school in Stockholm. During the graduation day eight months after the events, with all parents and friends of the many students present, Sara looks out over the sea of people and suddenly sees a sign with the words written in red paint "My beloved sister Rebecka". The film ends with Sara realizing that even though she cannot see him in the crowd Felix is still alive and amongst the people watching her and her classmates graduate.'] ["A weekend retreat turns into a fight for their lives when a group of five hard-partying college students crosses paths with a demented gang of motorcycle marauders and their hideously disfigured leader in this tale of terror featuring Picket Fences star Costas Mandylor. The lake may be calling, but the crystal clear water turns blood red when the sadistic Dr. Chopper and his band of nurses begin stalking the students to harvest their body parts. After endless years of transplants, Dr. Chopper and the nurses have been rendered physically repulsive and mentally unhinged, and the only way for the creepy crew to keep themselves alive is to harvest the body parts of their victims. When Jessica and her friends are stalked through the woods and locked away in Dr. Chopper's blood-soaked lair of doom, their only hope for survival is to turn the tables on their captor and kill or be killed."] ["A teacher moulds the character of children. She is our 2nd mother. She teaches us what is right and wrong. Mi-ja, who has been taking care of a retired teacher, Ms Park, invites several of her former students to her house, 16 years after their graduation. Since the end of her teaching career, Park has been residing in the countryside, suffering from an illness while her ex-student, Mi-ja, cares for her. Se-ho, Eun-young, Sun-hee, Dal-bong, and Myung-ho each resent her for different reasons. Se-ho and Eun-young, who were the president and vice-president of their class, are planning on getting married. They remember the time they were belittled by their teacher for being poor. Sun-hee, skinny and beautiful, was made fun of by the teacher for being obese during her years in high school. Dal-bong, who had dreamed of becoming a baseball player, becomes handicapped due to severe corporal punishment. Myung-ho was sexually abused by his teacher. She also used to lock her deformed son {who wore a bunny mask} in the dark basement while the other children made fun of him. Myung-ho's mother, who filed a complaint, was dismissed as a psychopath. As the night of the reunion continues, the students start to die from the hands of a bunny-masked killer. See-ho is killed when the killer stuffs pieces of cutter into his mouth and applies hot water from the teapot. Eun-young is killed when her eyes are stappled, Dal-bong is killed when the killer stuffs black ants into his body and smashes his head with a baseball bat. During the movie, the bunny-masked killer is assumed to be her deformed son, coming back for revenge. As the plot thickens, Sun-hee tries to take revenge on Mrs. Park but fails when Mi-Ja appears and both have a short fight and ends when Mi-Ja throws Sun-hee down a cliff injuring her head and apparently cut in half by the big rocks, the masked killer turns out to be Jung-won, a shy boy who was humiliated in class because he defecated in his pants. The movie continues, and in a twist of events the detectives realize that Mi-Ja is actually the killer. They realize this when they go to Jung-won's house and see the skeleton of his mom. The detectives see pictures and news clippings on her wall. The police find out that Jung-won is actually Mi-Ja after looking through the feminine outfits in the closet. At the end of the movie Mi-Ja lures all her classmates to the reunion and poisons them all. Everything that had supposedly happened to her classmates, actually happened to her. Instead of living terrible lives, as Se-ho had said earlier, they all went off to lead successful and happy lives. In fact, they did visit Ms. Park every year as a class reunion, because they thought of her as a good teacher. At the end of the movie, Mi-Ja kills herself after confronting Ms. Park, who tried to save her but fails due to her health. The movie ends with Ms. Park's empty wheelchair on the pier, Ms. Park having committed suicide because of her guilt."] ["Convicted murderer Seth Baxter  awakens chained to a table beneath a pendulum blade. A videotape informs him that crushing his hands between the presses will release him; he does so, but the blade still swings down and violently cuts him in half, while someone watches through a hole in the wall. The scene cuts to Agent Peter Strahm , who kills Jeff Denlon  in self-defense and is sealed in the sickroom. He finds a hidden passage with a tape recorder that warns him to stay in the sickroom, but ignores it. He is attacked by a pig-masked figure in the passage and awakens with his head sealed in a box slowly filling with water, which he survives by performing a tracheotomy using a pen. Outside the plant, Detective Mark Hoffman  delivers Corbett Denlon  to the police and claims they are the only survivors, and is shocked when Strahm is brought out alive as well. Jill Tuck  is met by John Kramer's  attorney, who is administering his will. She is left a box and a videotape, in which John stresses the importance of the box's contents. She opens it with a key hung around her neck and then leaves without disclosing its contents. In a memorial service held for David Tapp, Steven Sing, Allison Kerry, Eric Matthews, and Daniel Rigg, the five officers killed in action, Hoffman is promoted to detective lieutenant. He is informed of the death of Agent Lindsey Perez while taking Strahm's phone and goes to the hospital to meet Strahm, who says that Hoffman's name was Perez's last words. Strahm is also met by his boss, Dan Erickson , who takes him off the case. Strahm then takes case files to research them on his own, determined to piece together Hoffman's involvement. In an underground chamber, Ashley , Brit , Luba , Charles , and Mallick  awaken with collars connected to mounted blades locked around their necks. The keys are in glass boxes across the room, though advancing will set off a one-minute timer. A videotape tells them to ignores their instincts during their tests. Mallick activates the timer, and everyone reaches their keys except Ashley, who is decapitated when the collars retract. In the next room, the four learn more about each other and Ashley, and learn by videotape that keys to the three shelters are in overhead jars. Brit, Luba and Mallick retrieve keys, but Charles attacks and takes it from Mallick, only to be struck by Luba and left to die in the explosion. In the third room, five short cables must be connected to a full bathtub to unlock the door. Luba tries to use Mallick's body to close the circuits, but Brit kills her and they use her body instead. In the fourth room, they find a machine fitted with circular saws and a beaker that requires ten pints of blood to open the door. They notice five armholes and realize that every room was set up for the victims to work together to survive the game. They also realize that everyone was connected through a building fire that killed eight people. With no other options, they saw their arms to provide the ten pints of blood. Meanwhile, Strahm travels to past game locations and learns through his research that Seth Baxter was convicted of murdering Hoffman's sister, but was released five years later on a technicality. He was later murdered by Hoffman, who used the pendulum blade to frame Jigsaw. Angered by this, John used his knowledge of the murder to coerce Hoffman into working with him, and together they set up the majority of the games, most notably the razor-wire maze, where Hoffman planted Lawrence Gordon's penlight, and the nerve gas house, where he provided the police files. Strahm ultimately learns that everyone was meant to die in the plant except Corbett and Hoffman, who would give her to the police and be the hero who closed the case. Strahm soon draws Erickson's worry, which is fueled when Jill approaches him claiming that Strahm is stalking her. He is also called by Hoffman, who tells him of Strahm's belief in another accomplice. Erickson puts a tracker on Strahm's phone and follows it to the current game's observation room, where Hoffman had planted it along with Erickson's file. He finds Brit, who crawled from the fourth room after Mallick passed out, and calls for medical assistance before placing an APB on Strahm, believing that he is the accomplice. Simultaneously, Strahm follows Hoffman to the renovated nerve gas house and finds an underground room containing a clear box filled with broken glass. Hoffman's tape urges Strahm to enter the box, but he stops it short and ambushes Hoffman, sealing him in the box after a brief struggle. The room then seals itself, and the tape continues by saying that if he does not, he will vanish and the legacy will become his. The box is lowered safely into the floor while the walls close in on Strahm, who attempts to escape through the ceiling grid, and is crushed to death."] ['On their way home from a football game, five high school girls get lost in an area known as "the eyes". An ensuing accident with a parked SUV in a store parking lot causes the students to panic and flee the scene. A vehicle with one headlight starts to follow them until the Driver traps them on a deserted road. The Driver thinking that they wrecked her marriage forces the 5 girls from their vehicle, forces them to strip and urinate on their clothing at gunpoint. After letting them go The Driver continues to pursue them throughout the film and performs several violent and sexual acts on them. The girls also discover that in the back of The Driver\'s truck there are dead bodies. They get their revenge however, when they stab the Driver multiple times with a screwdriver and light her corpse on fire. They eventually return to the store to find that The Driver killed everyone in the store and drove off. The movie ends with the girls drive off into the night,one of them puking and the another girl who is driving tells her not to mess up her mothers car.'] ['One year after the explosion of Flight 180, college student Kimberly Corman heads to Daytona Beach with her friends for their spring break. While driving, Kimberly has a premonition of a pile-up along Route 23, killing everyone involved. Aghast, she stalls her car and prevents lottery winner Evan Lewis, widow Nora Carpenter and her son Tim, businesswoman Kat Jennings, stoner Rory Peters, pregnant Isabella Hudson, teacher Eugene Dix, and cop Thomas Burke from entering the highway. While Thomas questions Kimberly, the pile-up occurs and kills her friends Shaina, Dano, and Frankie. The survivors are questioned at the police station and informed with the events of the previous film. They are negligent of Death until Evan dies from a fire escape ladder impalement. Desperate for help, Kimberly visits Clear Rivers, the last survivor of Flight 180, inside her psychiatric ward. Though Clear initially refuses to help and invites Kimberly to share her isolation, Clear accompanies Kimberly and Thomas to mortician William Bludworth after Tim is crushed by a glass pane. Bludworth explains the equilibrium of Death and "new life", implying their salvation upon the birth of Isabella\'s son. Isabella is taken into custody while the other survivors unite for safety. Overcome by grief, Nora is decapitated by malfunctioning elevator doors. Horrified, Eugene attempts suicide but fails, prompting the group to leave and find Isabella. En route, they discover that their existence lay on the fates of Flight 180\'s survivors. As Isabella goes into labor, her van nearly collides with the survivors, crashing them onto a farm. In the process, Eugene\'s abdomen is punctured by PVC pipes which Kat narrowly avoids. Rory pulls Brian Gibbons from the path of a news van as rescuers arrive at the scene. Their Jaws of Life activates Kat\'s airbag, spearing her head within the pipe and dropping her cigarette on a gasoline leak, blasting the news van and trisecting Rory with a barbed wire fence. As Kimberly, Clear, and Thomas dash to the hospital, Kimberly has another forewarning of Dr. Ellen Kalarjian "strangling" Isabella. The trio successfully halt Kalarjian and salvage Isabella; however, Kimberly has another vision of a submerging van and Isabella\'s embargo from Death all along, denoting that their trial is still at large. Clear searches for Eugene, accidentally detonating his room from oxygen combustion, killing her and Eugene. Kimberly tackles Thomas from the explosion\'s debris and realizes her premonitions convey her fate. Although Kimberly immerses a van into a lake for Thomas\' sake, she is recovered by Thomas and resuscitated by Kalarjian. Afterwards, Thomas and Kimberly have a picnic with Brian\'s family and Kimberly\'s father Michael Corman to celebrate their survival. Learning of Brian\'s deterrence from Death before, the group witnesses a barbecue grill blast Brian, catapulting his burnt arm onto his mother\'s plate as she screams in horror.'] ['A lone castle, three women, three men and a game taboo, Elizabeth initiates it. Everyone has to answer a tricky question with "yes" or "no", for example, admit to a vice erotic nature. Everything is anonymous so it seems, a year later they meet again in the castle, which is now owned by Christian, became the sole heir of the assets of his family and has become engaged to Elizabeth. They want to celebrate New Year\'s Eve, it looks like a happy New Year\'s night, but then Elizabeth is unexpectedly confronted with the Taboo game, but this time, each scene ends with the supposed death of one of their guests! Who is the murderer? Those who survived the deadly game? Or is it all a horrible nightmare? Taboo  - A Review by David Nusair'] ['In a suburban Miami house, a young woman arrives home and turns on her portable radio which broadcasts another murder, several within a few days. The woman turns off the radio and begins to take a bath. Suddenly, a gray-haired, wild-eyed man appears in the bathroom and brutally stabs the woman in her left eye, killing her. The man hacks off her left leg with a machete and leaves with it. The next day at the police station, Detective Pete Thornton reviews the latest murder to a homicidal maniac doing away with nearly five women now, and there are no clues. His chief superior advices him to continue perusing the case. At Fuad Ramses Catering store, Dorothy Freemont, a wealthy socialite, arrives where she arranges for Fuad to cater a party for her daughter Suzette. Fuad agrees to cater the party for Suzette and tells Mrs. Freemont that what he\'s preparing hasn\'t been prepared for over 5,000 years. Mrs. Freemont wants the catering done in two weeks and Fuad tells her that it will be enough time to get the last of his ingredients. After Mrs. Freemont leaves, Fuad ventures to the back storage room where he has a large gold statue of the "mother of veiled darkness" which is the goddess Ishtar. Fuad is repairing a blood rite for her in order for the goddess\'s resurrection. The solution that Fuad mixes in a huge vat contains the parts of the dead women. That evening, two teenagers, Tony and Marcy, make out on a nearby beach when Fuad attacks them, subduing Tony and slicing off the top of Marcy\'s head where he removes her brain to serve as the latest ingredient. Pete Thornton arrives on the scene with the police chief where, after not getting much from the distraught Tony, they interrogate Marcy\'s mother who can only tell Pete that her daughter belonged to a book club. At a local motel, Fuad is staking out the place when he sees a drunken sailor drop his wife off at her room before taking off. Fuad knocks on the woman\'s front door to the room and attacks her when she opens the door. Fuad rips the woman\'s tongue out of her mouth as another ingredient to his \'blood feast\'. Pete continues to investigate this latest killing and also discovers that the latest murder victim also belonged to a book club. Pete attends his weekly Egyptian studies lecture at the local university with his girlfriend, who happens to be Suzette. The lecturer tells them about the Cult of Ishtar, and describes how virginal women were sacrificed to the goddess on a altar as a blood offering to the Egyptian goddess. When the lecture is over, Pete takes Suzette out for a evening drive where she becomes worried about these events and of a serial killer loose in the area. Their date gets interrupted by their car radio which the announcer says that another victim has been found near death. Pete drops Suzette home and races to the hospital where the police chief is there and informs him that the maniac has struck again and hacked off the face of another woman named Janet Blake. Pete questions Janet in her hospital bed, in which the woman, with a bandaged face, tells the detectives that the man who attacked her was old with gray hair with wild eyes, wearing a funny-looking dark suit and he said something which sounded like "Etar". Janet Blake then dies, while Pete can\'t shake the feeling why that word sounds familiar. Fuad receives a letter from Trudy requesting a copy of the book \'Ancient Weird Religious Rites\', of which Fuad Ramses is the author. Fuad calls Trudy\'s home phone number and learns that she\'s staying with Suzette. That afternoon, Fuad stakes out the Freemont residence and kidnaps Trudy from the grounds and takes her to his store. He whips her savagely and collects her blood, the last ingredient to his solution for his goddess. With Trudy missing, Mrs. Freemont insists that the party continue. Pete calls Suzette to inform her that he will be late in arriving. Meanwhile, Fuad arrives with the food that he has cooked at his store. Elsewhere, Pete calls upon the college lecturer and gets more information about the Cult of Ishtar and about the book that Fuad Ramses had wrote and figures out that Fuad is the killer since all the victims were women who personally called upon him to send them copies of his book. Pete and the police race over to Fuad Ramses\' store and find Trudy\'s chopped-up body in the back of the store. Pete tries to call Suzette to warn her, but at coincidently the same time, Fuad cuts the phone line to the Freemont house. At the Freemont party, Fuad is ready with the food, but he first asks Suzette to come into the kitchen to help him. He has Suzette lie on a counter, which he makes his altar, and says a prayer to Ishtar, as he prepares to stab her in the chest with a butcher knife as a final offering to his goddess. But this takes forever because she can\'t take him seriously. Dorothy Freemont interrupts Fuad just as he\'s about to stab Suzette, and Fuad escapes just as the police arrive. Pete and the rest of the police chase Fuad through a nearby garbage dump where Fuad attempts to escape by climbing into the back of a departing garbage truck. But the truck\'s compact blades turn on and Fuad is crushed to death. The police stop the truck and see there\'s not much left of Fuad Ramses as Pete puts it, "he died a fitting end, just like the garbage he was."'] ['In the 1970s, the Winnebago family encounters the Driver  standing on the side of the road next to the yellow pickup, out of gas. Once in the R.V., Mrs. Winnebago begins to flirt heavily with the Driver, asking Scotty, her physically deformed child, to take a picture with his camera. Later that night, Mr. Winnebago finds the Driver having sexual intercourse with his wife. His wife then claims she is being raped  and prompts her husband to attack, torture, and kill the Driver. The Driver\'s ghost later kills the family across the street from the rest stop. One year after Jesse and Nicole disappeared, Jesse\'s brother Tom  returns from Iraq. Tom decides to go looking for his brother with his girlfriend Marilyn  and one of Nicole\'s friends, Jared , who has had a long time crush on Nicole. Once they get to California, the trio gets direction from a strange gas station attendant . Jared finds a horseriding badge that belonged to Nicole, prompting Tom to demand information from the attendant, who tells them that the Old Highway is a mile up the road. Not long afterwards, Jared stops at a construction site Porta-potty which the Driver rams into, covering Jared in feces causing him to strip down to his briefs. Tom and Marilyn arrive at the rest stop where, while Marilyn is using the bathroom, Tom is kidnapped by the Driver. Inside the bathroom, Marilyn sees Nicole\'s ghost , in an adjacent stall. She rushes out of the bathroom to look for Tom, but all signs of him and their truck are vanished. As night falls, Jared changes clothes  and as he gets in his car sees Nicole\'s ghost, which he believes is real. They then have sex during while Nicole vomits blood and disappears. Jared then runs into the road and comes across the Winnebago family, who give him a ride to the rest stop. Jared relays what he knows to Marilyn who, in turn, tells him Tom is missing. They decide to hike back to the gas station to find out everything the attendant knows. Meanwhile, Tom is being tortured by the Driver in the school bus, but escapes while the Driver is gone. He searches for his brother, finding him tied up in a cage. He frees him and carries him to his truck. Jesse turns to his brother and says "you should have saved me?" before disappearing, leaving Tom confused before heading back to the rest stop. Marilyn and Jared learn from the attendant that to put the Driver to rest, they need to burn his eyeballs. But the Driver set a trap for them. When Jared awakes, The Driver claims, using the attendant to talk for him, that Marilyn was unfaithful to Tom and needed to be "cleansed". Jared refuses and has his right eye cut out by the Driver. Jared then gives in and uses a drill to "cleanse" Marilyn by drilling into her thighs. Tom arrives at the gas station to find Marilyn alone. They exit the station, just as day breaks, to find the Winnebago parked outside. Scotty tells them that the twins have the Driver\'s eyeballs. Tom loads up with an assault rifle he kept in his backseat to take on the Driver. Marilyn finds Jared inside the R.V. with a patch on his eye. He assists her in setting fire to the Winnebago, destroying it. Just before the Driver kills Tom, he disappears as the Winnebago explodes. On the way home, Jared discovers a picture of Nicole that he kept on his visor is missing. Just as he tries to tell Tom, he smashes into the Winnebago. Sometime later that day, Tom ponders Jared\'s disappearance and emotes to Marilyn, who is crying next to him. When Tom asks what is wrong, Marilyn responds, "You should have saved me." Tom begins to ask what she is talking about, only to be interrupted by the Driver revving his engine. Tom looks out the window and into the truck\'s cab, seeing Marilyn in the passenger\'s seat next to the Driver. Tom rushes out onto the empty highway and looks around, realizing that Marilyn is dead. The Driver is then seen driving down a different highway.'] ['Olaf  brings women to the home he shares with his drunken mother . Once the unlucky ladies arrive, they are drugged, imprisoned, tied up and then turned into junkie-prostitutes.'] ['This is the story of a New York low budget film crew, led by their insane and egostical blind film director, Larry Benjamin, who is trying to create a work of art. In addition to the typical trials and travails of a Troma set, the crew is preyed upon by a sexually conflicted, bomb-toting serial killer. Among the large poorly-paid film crew, the movie centers mostly on production assistant Jennifer, who struggles to do her job while deciding between the two men in her life; the straight-laced boom operator Casey, and the rebellious special effects operator Jerry. The love triangle intensifies as the dead bodies mount with increasingly brutality. At the climax, the entire film crew bands together  against the mortal threat in their midst.'] ['Four friends take a vacation on a boat, with its skipper and three crew. By a campfire one night, the seven discuss the kind of death each fears most. One by one, each of the party is killed by the method he fears most.'] ['An axe-wielding maniac stalks the beautiful, scantily-clad women of an upscale sanitarium, all under the watchful eye of the mysterious Dr. Keller .'] ['A serial killer dressed in scuba gear and a wet suit in on the loose in the canals of Venice. He kills women by drowning them and taking them back to his underwater lair where he embalms them to preserve their beauty. The film is done in a style combining elements of the Italian giallo and West German Krimi films and features travelogue scenes of Venice, a killer who dresses as the Phantom of the Opera and an Italian Elvis Presley impersonator.'] ["Trish Devereaux , an 18 year old teen decides to throw a slumber party while her parents are away and their neighbor Mr. Contant  is given the job of checking in on the girls during the night. That morning, she gets up, dresses and heads to school. Meanwhile, a mass murderer with a fondness for power drills, Russ Thorn , has escaped from prison, killed a telephone repair woman  with a power drill and steals her van. Trish meets up with her friends Kim , Jackie  and Diane  and the girls on her basketball team. The new girl, Valerie Bates  is invited by Trish, but refuses after hearing Diane talking cruelly about her. Russ Thorn watches the girls leave school from the van and a girl named Linda  goes back inside the school to retrieve something, but is attacked by Thorn and murdered with a power drill. That evening, the party and the bloody decimation begins of the girls, as they smoke pot and talk about boys. Valerie lives next door conveniently and is babysitting her younger sister Courtney . Diane's boyfriend John  and two other guys from school Jeff  and Neil  arrive who spy on the girls undressing. Thorn kills Mr. Contant, drilling through his neck, and meanwhile, Courtney is begging Valerie to go crash the party, but Valerie protests. Diane begins making out with John in the car and after she gets out to ask Trish permission to go off with John, she comes back to find him decapitated. Diane tries to flee, but is murdered with the drill. While the girls are on the phone with their coach, Mrs. Jana , the pizza guy is discovered dead, with his eyes gouged out. Coach Jana hears the girls screaming and calls Valerie to check on them. Coach Jana starts on her way to the girls house. The teens arm themselves with knives and Jeff and Neil try to run for help, but are gorily killed by Thorn. Russ gains entry to the house, murders Jackie and chases Kim and Trish upstairs. Courtney and Valerie go over to the house, but find the house empty and dark, unbeknownst to the horror that has happened. Trish and Kim have barricaded themselves in Trish's bedroom. They hear Valerie, but ignore her, thinking she may be the killer's friend. Thorn enters the bedroom through a window and stabs Kim to death. Trish flees and hides. Courtney and Valerie enter Trish's house and find Kim dead. Thorn attacks them and Valerie escapes to the basement while Courtney hides under the couch. Coach Jana arrives and seeing the killer, she beats him with a fire poker but he quickly murders Coach Jana. Trish manages to stab Thorn with a butcher knife, but this barely slows him down. Valerie runs up with a machete and chases Thorn out the backdoor, managing to cut off the drill bit, sever his hand and slash his stomach, forcing him into the swimming pool. A shaken Courtney, Valerie and Trish embrace but Thorn arises and attacks the girls. There is a struggle but Thorn proceeds to fall onto the machete accidentally, finally killing him. The girls then begin to sob softly except for Courtney, who looks on, as police sirens are heard in the distance."] ['FBI agents Thomas Mackelway  and Fran Kulok  are put on the trail of Ben O\'Ryan , a serial killer who exclusively targets other serial killers. As the investigation proceeds, the agents begin to become aware of the possible existence of "Suspect Zero", a mythical "super serial killer" responsible for hundreds of deaths across all 50 states who leaves no evidence behind to link his crimes together. The agents must decide if O\'Ryan is the key that will allow them to catch Suspect Zero, or if he is Suspect Zero himself. As it turns out, O\'Ryan was part of a secret government experiment attempting to cultivate telepathic abilities in individuals for military purposes. The experiments gave O\'Ryan the ability to see the actions of serial killers. These disturbing visions constantly torment O\'Ryan, and drive him to find the killers and kill them. O\'Ryan seeks out Mackelway because Mackelway shares his abilities to some degree and was involved in a controversial case that made headlines. O\'Ryan hunts down Suspect Zero, whose child victims are giving O\'Ryan even more nightmares. The actual "Suspect Zero" is another man who travels over the United States with a refrigerated truck. He targets children, whom he kidnaps and transports to his ranch to be killed. He is not THE Suspect Zero, however, as Mackelway had identified evidence linking his crimes together: Because of the time spent locked in the truck, all of his victims had signs of freezer burns. Eventually, Mackelway and O\'Ryan find Suspect Zero at his ranch. After a struggle outside, Suspect Zero is killed when Mackelway crushes his skull with a rock. O\'Ryan then tries to convince Mackelway to end his suffering by killing him. When Mackelway refuses, O\'Ryan pretends to attack him, prompting Kulok  to shoot him to defend her partner. A major motif of the film is remote viewing, and the DVD\'s extra features include interviews with people who worked with the US military and intelligence agencies as part of those programs.'] ['A group of drama students idolize their favourite horror film star, Conrad Razkoff. In the beginning, Conrad is acting in a commercial for dentures, and the Director stops the filming because he does not like Conrad\'s performance. While the director sits on the edge of the balcony, an angry Conrad pushes him off with his cane. Later, Conrad visits a school and talks about his performances, stating he felt \'so... angry.... and.... enraged!\' only to faint under excitement. One of the Drama students, Meg, revives him. Later, as Conrad sits in his bed, his obese director visits him. After a long talk about his death arrangements, Conrad closes his eyes and tricks the director into believing he is dead. Then, the director denounces him until Conrad springs up and smothers him with a pillow. After Conrad dies, the seven drama students, Meg, Saint, Bob, Eve, Donna, Oscar, and Stu, go to the cemetery after dark, they sneak into the tomb where Conrad\'s coffin resides. The lights turn on and they see a film of Conrad stating that he welcomes them into his tomb, unless,he says, they have broken in. Creeped out, Meg asks them not to take Conrad, but they do, and take him to an old mansion where they stay for the night. That night, Conrad\'s coffin explodes, and he rises from the dead. Later, Oscar and Donna are having sex but Donna says she is scared. Oscar goes to investigate and has his tongue ripped out by Conrad in the attic. Donna becomes worried and walks outside only to see Conrad, who uses black magic to set her on fire. Later, the five remaining teens realize that Oscar and Donna are missing and begin to look for them. Bob however is put in a trance by Conrad and walks to Conrad\'s tomb, only to suffocate from vapors that are released inside the crypt. Eve decides to watch a movie and is lured out of her room by the sound of Donna\'s voice, only to be smashed into the wall by Conrad\'s coffin, and hidden with Oscar\'s body. Meg, Saint, and Stu realize that the other two are now missing and begin to panic, and Meg decides she\'s going to tell the police. Stu runs upstairs to get a flashlight since Saint\'s car will not start, only to be decapitated by Conrad who then sends his severed head out onto the front lawn of the mansion. Meg and Saint venture outside looking for Stu and find Donna\'s burnt body, and hurry back inside. Saint decides to try to fix his car, while Conrad traps Meg in the attic, where she impales him with a cross. Saint safely hides her unconscious body and takes Conrad\'s body with him to put back in the crypt, while the police arrive to the mansion finding a delirious Meg and all her dead friends. At the cemetery, Conrad attacks Saint and puts him in the crematorium, and goes back to his grave. A while later, his wife and his psychic friend arrive to say their final goodbyes to the "dead" Conrad, only Conrad kills his psychic after she steals his jewelry from his body, and his wife locks the crypt for forever. The final scene shows a video being played on the television installed in the crypt of Conrad informing the audience that he will see us in hell.'] ['The film is set just one month after the events of Child\'s Play 3. Tiffany , a former lover and accomplice of serial killer Charles Lee Ray , acquires Chucky\'s remains  after bribing and later murdering a police officer who removed the dismembered "Good Guy" doll parts from an evidence locker by slashing his throat. Believing Ray\'s soul to still be inhabiting the doll, Tiffany crudely stitches Chucky back together and reenacts the voodoo ritual which instilled Ray inside the doll a decade ago. Though her chants initially fail to produce results, Chucky unexpectedly springs to life and kills Tiffany\'s goth-wannabe admirer, Damien , torturing him by ripping off his labret piercing while his hands and feet are cuffed, and suffocating him with a pillow while Tiffany watches with excitement. Tiffany and Chucky then get into an argument because Tiffany believed Chucky wished to marry her. Upon learning he had no intention of doing so, Tiffany throws him in a playpen she built for a nursery and locks him in it. She then later gives him another doll in a wedding dress with a real diamond ring to mock him. While Tiffany is watching TV while taking a bath, Chucky escapes by cutting through the wood of the play pen with the diamond part of the ring and kills her by pushing the TV into the bath. Then, using the same voodoo spell, Chucky gains further revenge against Tiffany by transferring her soul into a female doll so she could feel what Chucky went through as a living doll. Chucky, who is still intent on becoming human again, concocts a plan with Tiffany to retrieve an amulet that was buried with Ray\'s body and use the bodies of Tiffany\'s neighbor Jesse  and his girlfriend Jade  as a means to return to their normal lives. Tiffany sends Jesse a message asking him to take the two dolls to New Jersey in exchange for cash. Jesse convinces Jade to go with him and helps her pack. Meanwhile, Jade\'s police-officer uncle Warren  breaks into Jesse\'s car and plants a bag of marijuana to frame Jesse, whom he dislikes. Afraid of him ruining their plans, Chucky and Tiffany kill him by setting up an airbag to launch nails into his face. After the dolls hide the body under the backseat, Jesse and Jade return and begin their trip. Outside a convenience store, they are pulled over by Officer Norton, who asks to search Jesse\'s car for the planted drugs. After he finds it, he goes to his car to report to Warren. During this time, Chucky crawls over and shoves a cloth into Norton\'s gas tank and lights it. Norton is killed when his car explodes and, seeing the explosion, Jesse and Jade flee the scene. Soon, they stop at a wedding chapel/hotel and are married. During that time, Jade\'s uncle, still alive, tries to run away but is stabbed numerous times in the back by Chucky. While in the hotel, Jesse and Jade meet a con-artist couple Russ and Diane  who steal Jesse\'s money. As the criminals have sex in their room, Tiffany, who had seen them take Jesse\'s money and said how the woman "doesn\'t deserve to wear that ring", takes their bottle of champagne and throws it into the mirrored ceiling, sending down shards of glass and killing the two con-artists. Impressed at what she just did, Chucky reveals his true feelings for Tiffany, and then proposes to her. After accepting and putting on the ring, both dolls begin to have sex. The next morning, a maid  finds the corpses of the couple and Jesse and Jade drive away with their best friend David, who knew about their plan to elope and heard about the recent murders. He reveals that Jesse and Jade have been pinned for all of the deaths and, while searching for the source of a foul smell, finds Warren\'s body and demands that Jesse pull over. While he is confronting them, the dolls come alive and hold them hostage with guns, demanding for them to keep driving. David turns and is accidentally broken by a truck that taxes speeding, horrifying Jade and Jesse. Jesse and Jade drive away with the dolls. They are then chased by police, which Chucky is able to shoot the cars and make them go off the road. During that time, the dolls reveal their plan to them and get Jesse to drive in a mobile home to keep the cops off them by using a different vehicle. While preparing Jade for the body-switch, Tiffany begins talking with Jade, who manages to turn Tiffany against Chucky. A fight between the two dolls ensues and Jade seizes an opportunity by kicking and locking Tiffany into the oven while Jesse pushes Chucky out the window. Chucky shoots at Jesse, causing the RV to run off the road and into a ditch. Chucky finds Jade and forces her to take him to his grave site, while Jesse takes a weak Tiffany  and follows them. While the medical examiner is digging, Chucky shoots him in the back of the head and orders Jade to open the casket and give him the amulet. After she breaks it off his skeleton\'s neck, she throws it out at him. Jesse then appears with Tiffany and they trade hostages. While Jesse and Jade embrace, Chucky is about to throw his knife at Jade until Jesse sees and turns her around; being stabbed in the back. After Jade pulls the knife out of his back and holds him, they are tied up for the ritual. Before Chucky starts the body-switching chant, Tiffany distracts him by kissing him while she pulls the knife out of his pocket, stabbing him in his back. They fight until he stabs her in the heart, where she collapses to the ground. While distracted, Jesse knocks Chucky into his grave who demands to be let out. A private investigator arrives to see Jade pointing a gun into the hole. He sees Chucky and is clearly shocked by what he sees. The investigator then watches Jade shoot Chucky several times while he yells he\'ll come back as he always comes back. The investigator soon gets on the phone with the police, saying that Jesse and Jade are innocent of the murders and sends the couple away. While stumbling upon and investigating Tiffany\'s doll body, Tiffany suddenly springs to life and gives birth to a doll child before finally dying. The baby seems to attack the investigator as the film ends, thus setting the scene for Seed of Chucky to begin.'] ["Seven sorority sisters, Katey  Morgan , Stevie , Liz , Vicki , Jeanie , and Diane  pull a prank on their strict house mother, Mrs. Slater, who is known for carrying a sharp walking cane. Their plan is to put Mrs. Slater's cane out in their dirty pool and force her at gunpoint to swim through and retrieve it. The prank goes awry when Vicki, who was holding the gun, accidentally shoots Mrs. Slater. The girls all agree to hide Slater's body in their dirty swimming pool until a graduation party being held in the house is finished. As the party begins, a guest wanders around the pool and an unknown figure stabs him through the neck with Mrs. Slater's cane and drags him away. When other guests attempt to throw Jeanie in the pool, they are stopped by the sorority sisters. Later, to prevent the pool lights from coming on revealing Slater's body, Stevie is forced to go into the power room of the house located in the basement. While doing so, she is brutally stabbed to death by Mrs. Slater's cane. Katey meets her date for the party, Peter, but she and the other girls worry why Stevie has not returned from the power room yet. Vicki orders the girls to search around the house for Mrs. Slater. Morgan enters Mrs. Slater's room and begins to sort her clothing when Mrs. Slater's body falls on her. She is joined by the sisters who wonder how her body was moved to the bedroom. Morgan subsequently dies when she gets lured to her bedroom door and stabbed through the stomach by the cane. Having found Slater's body, the sisters decide to bury it in a nearby graveyard. Meanwhile Katey goes into the attic and discovers children's toys, a clown statue, and a dead bloodied bird laying in its cage. Diane is waiting in her van for the other girls, but the figure stabs her to death with the cane from the sunroof. Jeanie, the most nervous member of the group, is also attacked while running back into the house but manages to escape. After informing Katey about the attack, Jeanie is chased into the upstairs bathroom. The killer finds her and enters the stall, decapitating her with the butcher knife. The party goers finally depart, leaving Katey and Peter in the house. After realizing that Jeannie and the others are missing, Katey tells Peter to go home and finds a number on a chain she found near the gate. The chain has the phone number for a Dr. Beck who soon arrives and asks Katey where Slater is. The two discover the bodies of Stevie, Morgan, and Diane in the pool. Meanwhile Vicki and Liz attempt to bury the body in the graveyard. Liz brings the van around and gets her throat sliced by the cane's razor sharp handle. Vicki calls for Liz and when she gets no answer, she approaches the van and discovers Liz's body. Vicki turns around, only to be hacked to death with the cane by the assailant. Katey and Dr. Beck arrive at the graveyard only to discover their bodies. After giving her a sedative, Dr. Beck reveals to Katey that Mrs. Slater had a son named Eric who was horribly deformed and mentally underdeveloped. Eric had actually been living in the Sorority House's attic and witnessed the shooting death of his mother. He is now exacting revenge on the girls for their irresponsibility with the prank. Katey is used as bait to lure Eric out of the attic so Dr. Beck can shoot him with a tranquilizer gun. However, the plan backfires when Peter comes through the door and is shot. Dr. Beck is hacked twice in the stomach by Eric who also throws him down a flight of stairs while Katey grabs the hand gun that was used on Mrs. Slater and finds Dr. Beck's body. She flees to the upstairs bathroom and discovers Jeanie's severed head in the toilet, staring back up at her. A traumatized Katey climbs up into the attic and is attacked by Eric. As Eric approaches her, Katey seemingly kills Eric by stabbing him multiple times with a pin sticking out of a doll's neck, and he falls through the attic hatch to the floor below. Katey peers down and, believing that he is dead, she becomes relieved. However, Eric was only incapacitated, as he opens his eyes before the film ends."] ['The film opens the night Jesse and Jade get married in Bride of Chucky as the second parody of Look Who\'s Talking in the Child\'s Play series where Chucky\'s sperm reach Tiffany\'s egg and a baby is conceived and grown over time. At the end of the scene, the baby passes through the birth canal as seen in the last moment in Bride of Chucky. Six years after the events of Bride of Chucky, the film then shows Glen ([[Billy Boyd , the son of Chucky and Tiffany, point of view having a nightmare in which he slaughters a little girl\'s parents and living a life of embarrassment as a ventriloquist\'s dummy. Desperate to know his parents, Glen tracks them down to Hollywood. Chucky and Tiffany are first shown killing a man dressed as Santa Claus for a movie. Upon tracking down his parents, who are now dummies in one of Jennifer Tilly\'s films, Glen uses a voodoo amulet to bring them back to life. Shortly afterward, when Chucky  finds out that Glen is his child, he faints. But as for Tiffany, she was very happy and hugs her child. Tiffany and Chucky have a dispute over whether Glen is male or female. Chucky decides to label him as a boy and Tiffany labels him as a girl, calling him "Glenda". When a puppeteer, Tony Gardner begins taking Tiffany apart, she and Chucky cut his head off with a piano wire. Jennifer Tilly sees the beheaded body and calls the police. Glen/Glenda is horrified by this, and later asks them why they murder others, as he feels that violence is bad. Tiffany and Chucky then make an agreement to quit killing, although Chucky only pretends to agree. Jennifer tries to get a role as the Virgin Mary in Redman\'s directorial debut, but after Redman says that Jennifer isn\'t right for the part, she invites him over to her house. Chucky and Tiffany make plans to transfer their souls into Redman and Jennifer. Jennifer and Redman start to have sex, only for Tiffany to knock them out. While they are unconscious, Tiffany inseminates Jennifer with Chucky\'s semen. Chucky leaves and takes Glen/Glenda with him. After driving Britney Spears\' car off the road, killing her, they proceed to go to a photographer\'s darkroom. The photographer, Pete Peters ([[John Waters , had taken pictures of Tilly having sex with Redman, and of Chucky masturbating. Glen/Glenda tries to warn Peters that Chucky will kill him, only for Peters to bump into a shelf, causing a jar of acid to fall and accidentally kill him. Chucky, overjoyed, believes Glen/Glenda did this on purpose and takes a picture to celebrate. Jennifer awakens the next morning, realizes that she is pregnant and claims it is Redman\'s, though he states that this is impossible. In anger, Tiffany rips his intestines out. The next day, Jennifer is horrified to find herself with a fully pregnant belly. The voodoo magic that fuels the killer dolls has also accelerated the pregnancy. Jennifer is captured by Chucky and her chauffeur, Stan, serving as Chucky\'s replacement body due to Redman\'s death is also captured. Jennifer\'s assistant, Joan , tries to help her, but is brutally killed. It is then revealed that there were two souls in Glen: Glen and Glenda. Chucky also reveals that he killed 3 people and hid them in a closet like Tiffany did to Redman. Jennifer gives birth to twins, a boy and a girl, and it is then that Chucky has an epiphany. After several years of being an infamous killer doll, Chucky finally accepts his circumstances. Disturbed, Tiffany rejects Chucky and resolves to take Glen with her. An enraged Chucky throws a knife at Jennifer, but Stan jumps in front and is stabbed in the neck, he tells Tilly that he loves her as he dies. Before Glen can decide which baby to possess, the police arrive, forcing the dolls to flee. Jennifer is rushed to the hospital by the cops, but claims she wants to see her babies. Tiffany drugs Jennifer and begins to possess her, but Chucky breaks in and kills Tiffany with an axe. Glen/Glenda becomes enraged by this, and attacks Chucky by cutting his limbs and his head. After suffering an emotional breakdown, Jennifer comforts her Glen. Five years later, at Glen and Glenda\'s birthday party, a nanny quits her job because Jennifer\'s daughter, Glenda, stares at her with hatred and scares her. Jennifer lets her quit, only to kill her when she turns away, and Jennifer\'s eyes switch to Tiffany\'s, revealing that Tiffany was successful in possessing Jennifer\'s body. Glen has taken the body of the son, and receives a strange, unnamed present. When Glen opens the present, he sees that it\'s Chucky\'s right arm. Frightened, he wets his pants and turns around. Chucky\'s arm then grabs him, and he begins screaming as Chucky\'s laugh is heard, meaning he will return, one day.'] ['Abel Plenkov , a man who suffers from multiple personality disorder and schizophrenia and whose alter ego is \'The Riverton Ripper\' murders his pregnant wife and counselor Dr. Blake. When he dies later that night, his multiple personalities are transferred to the souls of seven children who were born prematurely that same night. 16 years later, Adam \'Bug\' Hellerman  and six other children celebrate their 16th birthday. Throughout the day, 5 of the 7 children are brutally killed by the Riverton Ripper including : Jay , Penelope , Brandon , Brittany , and Jerome . Bug\'s adoptive mother  is also killed, as well as the police officer, Detective Paterson , who had been investigating the murders 16 years earlier. Bug\'s older sister Leah \'Fang\' Hellerman  is wounded but survives. Bug finds out he is the son of the Ripper, Abel Plenkov. After the Ripper kills people throughout the Hellerman house, Bug\'s best friend Alex  crawls through the window and Bug realizes that the Ripper\'s soul transferred to Alex\'s body. Alex also reveals he murdered his abusive stepfather. After a brief struggle, Bug manages to stab Alex and free the Ripper\'s soul into Hell. Thinking he will be arrested  he walks out of the house and is instead celebrated as a hero after Leah tells the police exactly what happened. Although he doesn\'t feel like a hero, Bug decides to "fake it..." and act like a hero, just like Alex had taught him to act like a man.'] ['A rich man and his wife return to their home. Upon realizing the house\'s power is out, they discover a large box upstairs. Upon opening the box and being horrified by its contents, they are knocked out by an unseen figure. The story shifts to Arkin, an ex-con who has gone straight and become a handyman. He seems to be well liked by his latest clients, the Chase family, especially their younger daughter Hannah. Upon completing work on the Chase house, Arkin meets up with his ex-wife whose debt to several loan sharks is due by midnight. In order to protect her and their young daughter, Arkin plans a heist at the Chase home, which houses a valuable diamond. After settling a deal with his colleague Roy, Arkin heads to the Chase house, which appears to be empty. While cracking a safe, Arkin hears another person enter the house, locking the door and trapping him inside. After avoiding the other figure, a large masked individual, Arkin tries to crack the safe again, but sees Michael, the father of the Chase family beaten and bloody. Thinking Arkin is behind all this, he picks up a golf club to attack, but it is rigged with a trap that knocks out Michael. Arkin attempts a 911 call, but the phone is rigged with another trap, and he also discovers the windows are boarded up and lined with razors. While hiding in the basement from the figure, he finds a bloody Michael, who informs him that his wife Victoria is trapped as well, but his older daughter Jill is out and Hannah is hiding. He tells Arkin there\'s a gun in the safe and gives him the combination. Using Victoria\'s screams as a distraction, Arkin gets the gun, but can\'t find any bullets. Upon opening the safe, he also pockets the diamond. While searching for Hannah, Arkin finds the same box from the beginning of the film in a closet. Hearing noise from it, he opens the box to find Larry, the man from the beginning, now bloody and disfigured. He explains to Arkin that the figure is a "collector" of people, and he\'ll kill the ones he doesn\'t want, like his wife. He begs Arkin to run while he still has the chance. After putting Larry back in the box, Arkin tries to escape through an open window, but later survives its booby trap which ends up killing the family\'s cat. Upon his return to the basement, Arkin finds Michael has been killed by The Collector. After freeing Victoria, he tells her to follow him. However, upon seeing Micheal\'s dismembered body, she panics and runs right into The Collector who stabs her several times and sews her mouth shut. Arkin returns upstairs to find Jill coming home with her boyfriend Chad. As the two prepare to have sex, they notice The Collector watching them. The Collector kills Chad by throwing him into the dining room  and captures Jill, who makes a 911 call just before she is taken. Arkin later frees Jill, who is quickly killed by another of The Collector\'s traps. Arkin breaks through the boards, and finally flees the house, but returns upon seeing Hannah in the window. He subdues The Collector and prepares a trap with Hannah in her room. However, The Collector uses Larry as a decoy, killing him. Arkin later fights The Collector, pulling off his mask before being knocked out. The Collector takes Arkin to the basement. Fearing The Collector has found Hannah\'s location, Arkin taunts him, who responds by torturing Arkin. Just as he is about to kill Arkin, a cop responding to Jill\'s 911 call arrives. The Collector disposes of him using his vicious dog, which was stationed outside. Meanwhile, Arkin frees himself and prepares to leave with Hannah , but The Collector sends his dog after them. After killing the dog, Arkin lures The Collector into his own trap  and flees the house with Hannah. They run into several approaching police officers, who take and comfort Hannah. As Arkin is loaded into an ambulance, Hannah gives him a grateful wave. A subsequent conversation between Arkin and a cop reveals The Collector was an exterminator also working at the Chase house, which promptly explodes. While being taken to the hospital, Arkin finds the diamond still in his pocket and begs the paramedic to call his wife. Before he can, a large truck slams into the ambulance, flipping it over. The driver, revealed to be The Collector, arrives and kills the paramedic. He grabs Arkin and loads him into his box, sealing him inside and driving away. In a scene after the credits, The Collector is sitting on his box watching TV. A determined Arkin can be heard screaming that he will kill The Collector once he gets out. The Collector kicks the box to shut him up.'] ['A woman and her daughter had been kidnapped by a bunch of bank robbers who have decided to stay the night in a house in the middle of nowhere. When the daughter manages to escape to a nearby house, she has no idea that she just escaped into the house of a serial killing psychopath, putting not only herself but also her mother and the robbers in fatal danger.'] ["When the participants of an internet chat room are brutally murdered in succession, one person's past holds the key to the gruesome mystery."] ["While living at her parents' mountain home, Emily  is visited by her friend Angelica , who invites her to a rave party in the woods. Her parents, Leo  and Justine , let her attend, under the condition that she returns at midnight and calls if she's going to be late. Arriving early at the party, Angelica immediately attempts to acquire ecstasy and suspects an attendee named Swan  is carrying the drug. When asked about it, Swan informs the two girls that he doesn't have any ecstasy on him, but he has it in a nearby cabin, where his friends live. He requests that Emily and Angelica come to the cabin with him and meet his friends; the two comply. Unbeknownst to the girls, Swan's friends are actually his father Chaos ([[Kevin Gage , a notorious and wanted criminal and his father's gang, which consists of Chaos' girlfriend Daisy  and felon Frankie . Chaos sent his son to the party to lure unsuspecting females to him. Upon their arrival at the cabin, Emily and Angelica are quickly captured by the gang and taken to an abandoned part in the woods. The girls manage to escape their captors and split up in an attempt to make it harder for Chaos and his gang to find them. Angelica is ultimately caught by Daisy and brought before Chaos, who tortures and stabs her death, and then proceeds to violate her corpse. Chaos and his group continue their pursuit of Emily, even as the sun sets. They briefly re-encounter her, but Emily manages to steal Daisy's knife in a struggle and stabs Swan in the genitals. Knowing his wound is fatal, Chaos suffocates his son and promises to murder Emily. Meanwhile, Justine becomes nervous about Emily's whereabouts when she doesn't answer cell phone and convinces Leo to call the police. However, Justine suspects MacDunner , the investigating officer, won't attempt to find her, so she and Leo go into the woods themselves. While searching for Emily, the couple find Angelica's corpse. Chaos and Frankie finally recapture Emily and bound her with rope. In retaliation for his son's death, Chaos brutally violates Emily with his knife. With both girls dead, the gang prepares to leave the area, when Chaos' van fails to start up. Knowing that they'll be caught if they stay in the woods, Chaos and his gang leave the vehicle and look for a car to steal. Their van is then found by MacDunner and his partner Wilson , who discover blood stained clothes. The gang decides to go to a nearby house, with the intent of stealing the owner's car, unaware of the fact that they arrived at Emily's home. Leo lets Chaos and his group stay at the home, but notices that Daisy is wearing Emily's belt. Suspecting the group of being involved with Emily's disappearance, Leo calls the police, while Chaos and Frankie prepare to hot-wire his car and kill the couple. Chaos is confronted by a shotgun wielding Leo, determined to find out what happened to his daughter. When Frankie arrives with a captured Justine, Chaos disarms Leo and takes the shotgun. Instead of shooting Leo and Justine, however, Chaos shoots Daisy when she tries to convince him to leave the house. In the ensuing confusion, the couple escapes. Leo emerges with a chainsaw and slashes Frankie across the stomach, and proceeds to attack Chaos. In the ensuing struggle, Leo manages to get the upper hand and prepares to kill Chaos. Before he can, MacDunner arrives and kills Leo when he refuses to drop his weapon. Justine retaliates by shooting MacDunner in the back and Wilson is killed by Chaos. Chaos then shoots Justine in the head and his laughter is heard."] ['The film centers on four young girls , who are on a cross-country road-trip to Las Vegas. En route, they pick up a seemingly-harmless hitchhiker , and continue their journey, only for their car to break down in a deserted motel on a lonely highway. Waiting for a mechanic to arrive, the girls settle down in the hotel for the night. They wait out in the pool and Jack shows some interest in Melinda  Krista gets up later while the other girls are sleeping and lets herself in to Jack\'s room where they proceed to have rough sex. Later, Patty  and Denise  are teasing Krista while the mechanic  goes to Jack\'s truck to fix it, only to be shot in the head by Jack. Meanwhile, Jack brings some Cannabis in the form of a drink. All of the girls drink it except Melinda, who just takes a sip. She passes out, waking up the next day to find that the motel manager Doug  has been stabbed to death. Jack brings her to his plastic lined room, where she discovers the rest of the girls tied up. Jack then argues with the terrified girls while Melinda pleads with him to let them go. Denise tells Jack that she has no one and he asks her if she can love him. Denise agrees only to be forced onto the bed at knife-point by Jack. He then demands Melinda join them on the bed and brutally rapes her and then Denise. While he is raping Denise, Melinda grabs a piece of plastic from the ceiling and proceeds to suffocate Jack. The girls then run outside to the truck but can\'t find the keys. Krista runs back inside the motel to find them and they get in the truck but find that it won\'t start. They then start arguing that they have to leave, but Melinda says they have to go back and kill Jack. Patty stabs him in the chest and the girls run out, all safe except for Krista whom Jack shoots. Melinda tries and fails to take out the bullet, and Krista dies. Jack gets in the tow truck and runs. Later, a newly married couple – Jennifer  and Steve  – check into the motel, unaware of the girls. Later Steve knocks on Jack\'s room and Melinda answers. Steve, seeing the girls kicks the door open and Jack shoots him in the eye before knocking out Jennifer a while later. Two cops come visit, and the girls escape in their car, all except Patty who was shot 16 times in the stomach. Jack kills Jennifer with a shotgun, and Melinda and Denise escape in the car. Several weeks later Melinda and Denise are on Melinda\'s porch discussing the past events and its effect on them. Finally Denise says she must go home to her two dogs. Melinda asks her what dogs she got and Denise replies with a smile, "A Doberman and a pit bull." Later on that night Melinda is in her bathroom washing her face and we see a shadow move behind her. When she stands up straight once more she sees Jack\'s reflection in the mirror. When she turns around he is gone. Late that night Melinda is asleep with her husband when see wakes to a noise. She wakes her husband and he says it\'s just the porch gate, but he goes to check it out anyway. He fixes the gate and when he enters the house he is attacked by Jack. Melinda goes to check on her husband and finds him tied to a chair and Jack with a gun to his head. After a heated conversation in which Melinda yells she doesn\'t love Jack he is about to shoot her, but she shoots him first. He falls to the ground but lifts his gun once more saying, "What goes around comes around." Melinda shoots him again and the film ends.'] ['Kelvin Cheatum  is trying to save his father\'s studio from bankruptcy by producing worthy heirs to his father\'s slate of classic low-budget cult films. Cheatum Studio\'s current productions include Hamburger Time Traveler Detective, Space Spankers 2015, and the ninth entry of his father\'s famous killer puppet franchise Tiny Terrors; however, things aren\'t going as planned: the cast and crew members are losing patience with the long hours, lack of pay, terrible scripts, and Kelvin\'s over reliance on good will towards his father. A blogger who goes by the name of "Demon Warrior 13" is organizing effective boycotts of their films. A puppet exploding during a shot has brought matters to a head and an open brawl has broken out on the set. In the ensuing chaos, Tommy Hines , using a wheelchair and battling a terminal illness, arrives from The Rainbow\'s End Foundation with his case worker Heather Crocker . His final wish before he dies is to tour the studio and see the star puppets from the Tiny Terrors franchise. Meanwhile, Polly Bonderhoof  attempts to restore order with a box of baked goods from her sister in Waco, Texas, which includes the Gingerdead Man . He slips out of the pastry box and locates a spell book in the prop room, which includes a transmigration spell to transfer his soul out of his stale form and into a human body. The spell calls for blood from five victims placed in a pentagram, and then the sacrifice of one more victim, who must be a virgin. The Gingerdead Man kills four people in various gruesome ways, but is driven off by Kelvin and Heather as he cuts the hand off of a crew member. Kelvin orders the studio evacuated and sets off with Heather to confront the cookie, which goes badly when it seizes control of a prop robot which has functional disintegrating lasers, which disintegrates one of the crew members. Tommy cuts the robot\'s power cord with an ax and it topples over, momentarily trapping the Gingerdead Man beneath it. Tommy reveals himself to be "Demon Warrior 13," who has faked his illness in order to gain access to the studio and blow it up as revenge for the studio non-responsiveness to the scripts he has submitted. Kelvin offers a three picture deal while Heather sneaks up behind Tommy and attempts to bludgeon him. The assault fails and Kelvin is knocked unconscious. Kelvin wakes, chained next to Heather on an altar on the Tiny Terrors set. Tommy is reading an incantation from the spell book, but the Gingerdead Man fatally stabs Tommy from behind, making him the sixth  victim for the Transmigration. Since the Gingerdead Man isn\'t for sure if the guy with the cut off hand is dead or not, he\'s gonna use Kelvin\'s body as his new host. However, the Gingerdead Man has made an error. He was supposed to have five drops of blood on the five points of the pentagram. The final sixth victim is not supposed to bleed on the pentagram. Tommy, however, bleeds on the pentagram, instead invoking the spell for bringing dolls to life. The dolls from the set of Tiny Terrors animate themselves. The dolls then attack the Gingerdead Man, hold him down while one of them gets a cross, drag him to the cross, and crucify him  before burning him on the cross. One of the actors from the movie, Sir Ian Cavanaugh , bursts in and shoots all of the puppets with an AK-47. Some time later, Kelvin has married Heather and Tiny Terrors has won an award for Best Horror Hand Puppet Motion Picture, while a homeless man ([[Adam Green , digging for food in a dumpster, comes across the burnt cookie. He takes a bite, and is possessed by the Gingerdead Man.'] ['The film opens with a character in a video game entering an eerie mansion. As the character explores, he is unknowingly stalked throughout the mansion by a woman in a blood red dress. When he notices the woman approaching him he attempts to flee up the stairs of the mansion, but the red-clad woman knocks him off the staircase banister, and the character is killed when he is hung by a chandelier chain. The player of the game, Loomis Crowley, quits playing and calls his friend Hutch  to see if he would come over and play the new game with him, revealed to be Stay Alive. Hutch tells him that they will get together that weekend to play and the friends hang up. Loomis goes upstairs and finds his roommates having sex and tells them he found them dead in the game. Loomis\' roommates brush it off and he leaves to bed. Loomis is woken up by a strange nightmare and goes downstairs for a snack. He is confronted by an unknown assailant and runs back upstairs only to find his roommates slaughtered. He backs away horrified and a chain is clasped around his neck and he is knocked off the staircase banister and hung on the chain, the same way he died in the game. The next day at work, while talking with his boss and friend Miller , Hutch receives a phone call informing him that Loomis is dead. At the funeral, Loomis\' sister, Emma, gives Hutch a bag containing some of Loomis\' possessions, including some video games. At the funeral, a blonde girl named Abigail  introduces herself as a close friend to Loomis\'s roommate. After the funeral, Hutch goes to an internet cafe owned and operated by his girlfriend and best friend, October , and her brother, Phineas . Hutch hands October the bag containing Loomis\' possessions, and Phineas eventually finds the video game, Stay Alive which they decide to play as a group that night. That night another friend of Hutch, Swink  arrives at Hutch\'s house, followed shortly by October, Phineas, and Abigail and they begin setting up their gaming equipment. Later, when everything is ready, they start up the game, with Miller playing online from his office. To start the game, the players recite a passage, "The Prayer of Elizabeth", during the game’s intro, which they say out loud . After a few hours of gaming, in which October reveals that spirits in the game cannot cross wild roses, Miller’s character is stabbed in the throat by the same woman in red who had killed Loomis, who is revealed to be Elizabeth Bathory. The group then decides to call it a night, but as Miller prepares to leave his office, he is killed in the same way as his character. When Hutch returns to work the next day, he is informed of Miller’s death and questioned by two detectives, Thibodeaux and King. Afterwards, he returns to the Internet cafe, joining his friends, while Phineus is playing the game. Phineas\' seeming insensitivity over Miller and Loomis\' deaths cause the rest of the group to leave, while Phineas continues the game. While talking with the group, Hutch makes connections between the deaths of Miller and Loomis and their characters and runs back to the cafe to stop Phineas from playing. When they arrive they find Phineas instead getting high, having paused the game before he was killed. After doing some research, Hutch calls everyone together to reveal he knows how people are dying. October then says she believes him and reveals all she knows about Elizabeth Bathory. Bathory would drain young women of blood, bathing in it to maintain her youth, and could not stand to look in a mirror as she hated to see herself grow old. Hutch then notices Phineas\' absence. As Phineas drives to meet with the others, a spirit appears in front of his car causing him to crash onto the side of the road. The group calls him and learn of his situation, telling him to stay there and that they will come and get him. Shortly after the call, however, he is run down by a bizarre horse-drawn carriage. Arriving at the scene the group mourns the death of their friend. Thibodeaux and King arrive on the scene, and King decides to play Stay Alive, despite Hitch\' attempts to stop him. Thibodeaux informs Hutch of his connections to the murders and that he is becoming a suspect. In the game, King\'s character’s head is ripped in half before Hutch can shut the game off. October, Hutch, Swink, and Abigail all decide to find a way to put an end to the games curse. Later, while investigating the game himself, King is brutally killed in his pickup truck, the same way he died in the game. Hutch and Abigail decide to go to Loomis\'s house, where Hutch reveals to her his fear of fire, stemming from his father murdering his mother by setting their house of fire with her asleep inside. They find the address of Stay Alive’s developer, Jonathan Malkus  hidden in Loomis\' computer. They proceed to go to his mansion, and, assuming no one is home, they go in. While exploring the house, finding dolls of Bathory and a black carriage in the barn, they are confronted by Malkus. They explain to Malkus the deaths and their connections to his game. He is shocked about the events and tells them that the game is based on the legend of Elizabeth Bathory. He sends them to a local author who wrote a book about Bathory called The Lady of Blood. Hutch and Abigail meet the author in a cafe and she tells them the legends of Elizabeth Bathory. They learn that she was walled up in the tower on her plantation as punishment for her gruesome acts, vowing to one day return and seek revenge on all men, women, and children. Abigail inquires as to whether or not Bathory could be summoned and the author rebuffs her, telling them both that she hopes they know better than to toy with the evil of Elizabeth Bathory. Meanwhile, October and Swink are doing investigating of their own. October calls Hutch and informs him the only way to kill The Countess is by burning her body, after first trapping her soul in her body by driving three nails into her: one in her heart, one in her throat, and another in her head. Swink then announces, after seeing a newscast, that detective King is dead, and that the group are now suspects. They all flee, meeting at Loomis’ house to formulate a plan. October goes outside to smoke and sees Bathory in a house under construction. Entering the house alone, she tries to confront the Countess in revenge for the death of her brother. Grabbing a nail gun she attempts to fire the nails in The Countess. Unfortunately the nails must be put into her physical body and not her spirit. October attempts to flee but The Countess clasps her ankle with a chain and lifts her up, slitting October\'s throat. The others arrive to late, with Hutch cradeling Octobers body, mourning inconsolably. After they leave Hutch informs Abigail and Swink of his belief that, by reciting "The Prayer of Elizabeth", they inadvertently summoned her vengeful spirit. They all decide to investigate inside Malkus’ mansion with Swink deciding to stay behind and play the game as both a distraction for The Countess, and as an aid to the others. Hutch and Abigail go inside the mansion, where they find various clues about The Countess, revealing that Malkus\'s house is actually the Bathory plantation. Swink also reveals, through testing, that whatever happens in the game will happen in the real world. Abigail finds Elizabeth\'s diary in a secret room, revealing it is full of the names of all the girls Elizabeth killed in her lifetime. The spirit of Bathory traps Abigail and is about to kill her when Hutch saves her with the help of Swink via the game. Swink, however, is then seemingly killed by Bathory after he is chased by the same carriage that killed Phineas. After a run-in with The Countess’ black carriage, which they survive by collecting several wild roses, Hutch and Abigail locate Elizabeth’s altar in a large Mausoleum, which leads them to an underground entrance to Bathory\'s black tower. After escaping from several spirits of Bathory\'s victims and them Bathory herself they arrive at the door to the tower. Hutch enters and suddenly, the door slams shut leaving Abigail trapped. Hutch panics and tries to open the door, but she pleads with him to go ahead, as The Countess closes in on her. Hutch leaves her with a rose and proceeds on without her. When Hutch reaches the top of the tower, he finds The Countess\' body completely preserved. He hammers in the nails, trapping her spirit in her body just as she is about to kill Abigail. Now back in her body, the Countess attacks Hutch. He uses the reflective surface of his laptop as a mirror, showing The Countess her reflection, which drives her mad. Hutch then manages to set The Countess on fire, but is trapped in the room as it begins to go up in flames and his fear of fire begins to overtake him. As all seems lost, Swink and Abigail burst into the room carrying a small rose bush, Swink having survived due to stumbling into the roses while being chased by The Countess. The three of them then proceed to escape the plantation as Elizabeth\'s body burns. The movie ends in a video game store, where it shows that Stay Alive is being released. An employee takes a copy, puts it in the PlayStation 2, and as the game begins the group reciting Elizabeth\'s prayer is heard.'] ["In the midst of a pedophiliac serial abductor/killer's rampage, beautiful young Riley Lawson goes missing. When her desperate parents, Will and Kate, are contacted by her kidnapper, insufferable FBI Special Agent Hotchkiss takes charge of the case. But, from deep within the psychopathic subterranean world created by Otis Broth, Riley turns the tables on her tormentor, manages to escape and to contact her parents. Fed up with the inability of the FBI to find their girl, Will, Kate, and Riley's brother, Reed decide to take matters – and justice – into their own hands."] ['{{plot}} The film begins with a boy named Michael , a kid who has the hots for a beautiful girl named Jada , but is always rejected because Jada is stuck with a gangster, Lorenzo , and when Michael comes close to her, he is threatened with bodily harm by getting beat up by both Lorenzo and his homeboys, T-Bone  and Baby Boy . But Michael is secretly involved in black magic, and tries to bring a doll that he keeps calling Killjoy to life. But the spell does not work quickly; after he is abducted by the gangsters and brought into an abandoned area of the woods, Michael is accidentally shot and killed by Lorenzo when they were supposedly joking around with him. A year later, Jada is now going out with a guy named Jamal , who is just as nice as Michael was. Meanwhile, Lorenzo is now going out with a girl named Kahara , who is just like Jada. When Lorenzo leaves to have sex with her, T-Bone and Baby Boy go to get some ice-cream to get munchies, when the ice-cream man, who\'s dressed up like a clown  really sells drugs. Baby Boy and T-Bone hop in the truck, when suddenly, they end up in some abandoned building, far away from where they live. They split up to find a way out. Baby Boy finds a way out, but before he can make a run for it, he gets rammed into the wall by the ice-cream truck. Meanwhile, T-Bone finds some pot lying on the ground and starts to smoke it, when suddenly, the pot starts to burn him, and his body vanishes, and ends up back to his hide-out, along with Baby Boy. Meanwhile, Lorenzo, after having sex with Kahara, hears something outside her apartment building, and goes outside to check. He finds the ice-cream truck and opens the door, and the ice-cream man pulls him in, and ends up at the abandoned building. After finding the ice-cream man, he confronts him and shows him the  corpses of T-Bone and Baby Boy; after they fade away, he shoots the ice-cream man dozens of times, but the ice-cream man sucks up the bullets (a spoof of [[The Mask  and shoots the bullets out of his mouth, killing Lorenzo. Meanwhile, one of Jada\'s friends, Monique , calls Jada, telling her that some guy  came in to her room and needs them to come over. The homeless man tells them that Lorenzo killed Michael a year ago, and explains that Michael was brought back to life by the Ice Cream Man, whose real name\'s Killjoy, the doll Michael has, and tells them that Killjoy just killed Lorenzo, Baby Boy, and T-Bone. Then he tells them that Killjoy/Michael can be killed by Jada, because the love of a young woman can destroy the evil in the heart. Before leaving, he tells them that they have to kill the doll the spirit of the ice cream man came from, and the ice cream truck is outside. Still not believing what the homeless man said, they go inside the ice-cream truck to check it out, and they end up in the abandoned building, where they\'re confronted by T-Bone, Baby Boy, and Lorenzo, who souls\' are under Killjoy\'s control and are now his accomplices. The trio start fighting the accomplices until all three are killed. Then Killjoy comes out and knocks Jamal and Monique out. He asks Jada for a kiss, upon which Jada agrees to do so, under one condition: that he will leave her world and never come back. But instead of disappearing, Killjoy transforms into Michael. Michael tells Jada that he did it all for her. Jada, who desperately wants to stop Michael/Killjoy from killing, stabs Michael to death, and Michael fades away. Jamal, Jada, and Monique are about to leave when Killjoy, Lorenzo, T-Bone, and Baby Boy appear behind them. Jada then remembers from the Homeless man that they have to kill the doll. The trio frantically run back into the ice-cream truck, where they end up in Michael\'s house, where the doll lies on the floor. The doll turns into Michael, who constantly begs her for forgiveness, but Jada continues to stab it. The earth starts to shake, and while Jada, Jamal, and Monique try to stay still within the circle of candles without breaking it, Baby Boy, T-Bone, and Lorenzo\'s souls are sucked into a portal. The trio then watch as Killjoy finishes off Michael , and the trio are sent back to Jada\'s room, where the homeless man thanks them, and vanishes, meaning he\'s an angel from heaven. The trio decides to go out and eat, when they are confronted by Ray Jackson , and Tamara , who are both in Jada\'s English class. Ray says that he gained access into the club free because his brother owns the place, and his name is......Killjoy! The trio then see that Ray turns into Killjoy, and Tamara turns into Lorenzo. Killjoy starts laughing maniacally at the trio, with Jada screaming "NO!", until Jada wakes up in bed, along with Jamal, indicating that the entire experience was all a dream. Jamal tries to calm Jada down by going under the covers to perform oral sex on her, but then rises from the covers as Killjoy. The film ends with a shot of Jada screaming and Killjoy stating, "That was some good pussay!!!", followed by evil laughter.'] ['Suburban New Jersey, Christmas Eve - 1947: A Christmas Eve experience traumatizes Harry. He catches his mother being sexually groped by his dad, who\'s dressed up as Santa. The child then goes up to the attic and cuts his hand with a shard of glass from a shattered snow globe. Thirty-three years later, an adult Harry now works in "a lousy position" at the Jolly Dreams toy factory. At home, he has taken it upon himself to become the next true Santa; he sleeps in costume, and his apartment is resplendent with Christmas toys and décor. From the roof of his building, he uses binoculars to spy on neighborhood children to see if they have been \'bad or good\' . Harry runs back home and writes Moss\' name in his “Bad Boys & Girls” book. On his way home, Harry peeps into the window of a local bar and sees coworker Frank Stoller, whom earlier that day had phoned-in sick and Harry had relieved on the assembly line. Harry becomes angry and rushes home, hums a Christmas tune, and breaks one of his male dollhouse figures. The following morning Harry phones his younger brother Phil  and cancels Thanksgiving dinner. The Company Christmas party is in full swing. Harry watches the owner of Jolly Dreams making a televised announcement that, if production increases sufficiently, the company will be able to donate toys to the disadvantaged children at Willowy Springs State Hospital. Just then, Harry is greeted by coworkers Ben, who thanks him for taking Frank\'s place at the warehouse, and Frank, who introduces him to newcomer-employee George. At home, Harry realizes that people generally consider him a "schmuck" and is constantly exploited by others. He then has a nervous breakdown, and he is now convinced that he truly is the proverbial jolly old elf. Down in his basement workshop, he begins smelting toy soldiers  and small axes. Alone after-hours, Harry gets a brilliant idea. He steals Company toys, wraps them, loads them into his van, and later drops them off at the Hospital. He then leaves a bagful of dirt at bad-boy Moss Garcia’s doorstep, and thereafter murders three parishioners who happen to taunt him at the bottom steps of a nearby church. Coincidentally, Frank and George are also attending the midnight mass, and witness Santa\'s bloody crime, the hatchet murders of young bullying preppies. Later that evening Harry manages to invade two family\'s homes for different reasons. After sneaking into Phil\'s home, he destroys his nephews\' Jolly Dreams gifts, and delivers the newly-minted soldiers, as well as toys from his own workshop. At the Stoller home, he sneaks in through their basement, delivers the kids\' toys, murders Frank in bed, and escapes in his van. Christmas morning, Phil begins to suspect something is seriously wrong with his brother and argues with his wife Jackie. Their children are preoccupied with watching a television program and do not seem to mind playing with their damaged and sub-par toys. At the closed warehouse, Harry gains entrance and activates the assembly lines, breaking even-more toys in the process. That night he drives off, and his van becomes stuck in a beautifully decorated street with plenty of lights, sending him further into a delusional state. By now his costume is dirty and dishevelled. He eventually finds himself on the wrong side of his brother\'s neighborhood, and a torch-bearing mob pursues him. Nevertheless, he manages to drive his van out of the sludge and arrives at his brother\'s house. Phil quickly realizes that his brother is the homicidal Santa he has heard announced on the news and proceeds to choke him unconscious. He loads him into the front seat of the van, whereupon Harry comes-to, cold-cocks him, and again drives off. During his escape, the oncoming mob forces him and his van off a bridge. The van then is shown to fly off towards the moon as a voice over reads the end of "Twas the Night Before Christmas."'] ['Amber Williams , her friends Zoe  and Roger , and her boyfriend Colby Patterson  stage a prank at the town carnival, with Roger faking the return of the "Fisherman" killer. However, their friend PJ Davis  is accidentally killed during the stunt, and to cover up what happened they burn the evidence and make a pact that the secret will die with them. One year passes after the group separates, and Amber returns to town to discover that Colby never left to pursue his scholarship. She leaves the party angry, and goes up to the mountains where she encounters one of the officers who witnessed the accident, Deputy Haffner . Later that night, Amber awakens to a sound, and receives 50 text messages reading "I know what you did last summer". She drives to Zoe\'s shack to find her band rehearsing for a concert, and after Amber apologizes for not contacting her, Zoe allows her to sleep there for the night. The next day they find Roger fixing ski-lifts gondolas; he angrily sends them away when they inform him someone knows what happened. Zoe goes to find Colby working as a lifeguard at a public pool; he dismisses her then returns to his post to find "I know what you did last summer" written in the ground. Amber is attacked on a ski-lift by someone wielding the hook, but Colby does not believe her. Later that night, a drunken Roger contemplates suicide while pulling out the hook from the prank, which he had salvaged from the fire. He investigates a noise when he is attacked by the Fisherman, who slits his throat after a chase. Colby goes to Amber and Zoe telling them that he believes them, so they go to warn Roger again but find him dead along with a suicide note and the hook. Deputy Haffner strangely shows up wielding his gun at them, accusing them of the murder, until he reads the suicide note. After their statements, they return to Amber\'s house to find pictures of them from the high school yearbook sliced up and stuck to the wall reading "SOON". They all stay at Zoe\'s place again and find Lance  outside, who shows them a message engraved on his motorbike, and they agree to stay together for safety. Colby goes to the pool to do some laps after his shift, and is hooked in the ankle by the Fisherman, who disappears. The night of Zoe\'s concert, Amber and Lance stick together while Colby, who is now on crutches, sneaks off to get drunk. The Fisherman swings his hook at Colby but misses; Colby grabs a large butcher knife and stabs the Fisherman in the back, but he appears to be completely unharmed. The Fisherman eventually breaks through a window and hooks Colby in the mouth. Amber and Lance go back to congratulate Zoe but are attacked; Zoe breaks away and is stabbed in the stomach and then thrown over a balcony. As Amber and Lance make their way up to the balcony to find Zoe\'s corpse, P.J\'s dad, the sheriff, comes in and finds Amber covered in blood. He assumes they committed the murders, but is pulled into the darkness and hooked to death. Outside, Deputy Haffner, after saying that Roger told him about the accident, arrests Amber and Lance and escorts them to the back of his jeep; in the back lies Zoe\'s body. The Fisherman appears and makes his way towards Haffner, who fires several times, but the Fisherman does not budge and impales Haffner on a forklift. Amber and Lance get into the car and run the fisherman down, but he immediately gets up and takes his mask off, revealing the decomposed face of Ben Willis, the man who brutally committed the original murders 10 years ago. He then immediately disappears into thin air. Amber and Lance go to get help but are again attacked by Willis and are chased into a warehouse. They make it out and lure Willis into a thresher, which appears to kill him. A year later, Amber is driving across the desert, talking to Lance as a tire blows out. She stops in the middle of nowhere and waits while she talks to Lance. She stands in the middle of the road, and loses reception. Amber then begins looking around as the camera cycles around her, a flash of Ben Willis is seen behind Amber, the film then cuts to black screen as Amber\'s scream is cut off by the sling of the hook hearing the sound of blood splashing.'] ['Fed up with Brad\'s ([[Frank Roberts  on-screen antagonist\'s foul-ups, his director, Hilary Jacobs , publicly humiliates him and fires him on the spot in front of onlookers. Her further degrading of him  in her office causes this actor to go berserk, mutilating himself before cutting out her tongue using the modified prop shears as his real-life signature weapon. Before he could harm anyone else, his co-star Vanessa Turnbill  gives him a makeshift tracheotomy which ends in Brad being seemingly electrocuted as P.A. man Lossman  looks on. But as Brad dies it seems he curses the source of his misery: Hot Blooded and all who would work on it. Now in present-day Australia, Lossman is a teacher using his personal experiences as warnings to his students that any attempts to complete filming or even screening of Hot Blooded! has ended up with lives being lost in mysterious and disturbing ways . But some of his pupils decide such a chance is too much of a temptation and despite his better wishes they decide to try to finish the film as a graduation grade. They contact Vanessa Turnbill to co-star; she is persuaded by her agent to go back to Australia; when she arrives at the airport she is greeted by Raffy and Hester who take her to a press conference to give the film publicity; while being interviewed a local reporter asks Vanessa if she is worried about the curse on the film, she passes off the question with a joke saying that "Oh if I die, I get paid extra". After that, Raffy & Hester Then the conference ends and all the film crew meet up to watch the print of Hot Blooded; Vanessa leaves shortly after it starts due to the bad memories, then as the print ends'] [" Albert Fish tells the horrific true story of a sadomasochistic cannibal, child molester, and serial killer, who lured children to their deaths in Depression-era New York City. Elderly but still deadly, Fish was inspired by biblical tales as he took the stories of pain, punishment, atonement, and suffering literally as he preyed on victims to torture and sacrifice. From John Borowski, award-winning director of H. H. Holmes: America's First Serial Killer, comes the first docudrama and definitive chronicle of the life and times of cannibal Albert Fish. Adding insight to the account are interviews with artist and Odditorium owner Joe Coleman and renowned true-crime author Katherine Ramsland, Ph.D."] ["Henry Creedlow is a man who has always tried to fit in society. He keeps his mouth shut, follows the rules, and does what he is supposed to do. But one morning, he wakes up to find his face is gone, and it has been replaced by a white featureless mask. All the years of acquiescence have cost him the one thing he can't replace: his identity; now he's a blank, outside as well as in, an anonymous, featureless phantom. Bent on exacting revenge on those who bullied him, he explodes, deciding that he isn't going to follow the rules anymore."] ['11-year-olds Wendy Richards, Jude Cunningham, Kelly Lynch and Nick McBride play hide and seek in an abandoned convent. 10-year-old Robin Hammond joins them but they start teasing her by repeating "Kill! Kill! Kill!". She backs into a window and falls onto panes of construction glass, killing her. The children make a pact not to tell anyone what happened, but a mysterious figure has apparently witnessed the event while a known rapist is blamed for Robin\'s death and arrested shortly. Six years later Robin\'s family attend her memorial on the anniversary of her death. Robin\'s teenage sister and brother, Kim and Alex, are also preparing for the school prom to be held that evening. Their parents will also attend, as their father is the school principal. Kelly, Jude and Wendy receive threatening phone calls, while Nick misses the call intended for him. Kim and her boyfriend Nick will attend the prom together. Jude is asked by goofy jokester Seymour "Slick" Crane who she meets by chance that morning. Kelly will go with her boyfriend Drew Shinnick. He is preoccupied with having sex with her that evening, despite her objections. Nick\'s ex-girlfriend, the beautiful but scheming Wendy, has no date so asks the school rebel, Lou Farmer. She devises a scheme with Lou to embarrass Nick and Kim. In the change room after gym class, Kim and Kelly discover the locker room mirror severely cracked and a shard missing. The sex offender blamed for Robin\'s death has escaped and Lt. McBride, Nick\'s father, investigates. During the senior prom Kim and Nick perform a dance number to impress Wendy who had insisted Nick would be getting back with her after the prom. Kelly and Drew make out in the school changing room, but Kelly refuses to continue to full sex. Drew angrily leaves. As Kelly gets dressed, a masked killer slits her throat. Jude and Slick have sex and smoke marijuana in his van outside school grounds. However, they are being watched by Kelly\'s killer, who kills Jude by stabbing her throat. Slick brawls with the killer while attempting to drive away. The killer escapes from the van as it tumbles off a cliff and explodes, crushing and burning Slick to death in the flaming wreckage. McBride, staking out the prom, is informed that the sex offender blamed for Robin\'s death has been caught. He is relieved and ends his scrutiny of the event. Wendy is confronted by the killer in the bathroom and is chased through the school. After evading the killer several times she stumbles upon Kelly\'s body and, distracted, is hacked to death with an axe . Kim and Nick prepare to be crowned prom king and queen. Wendy\'s plan is put into action by Lou and his lackeys who tie up Nick with Lou taking his crown and assuming his position back stage. Thinking he is Nick, the assailant sneaks up behind Lou with the axe and decapitates him. Lou\'s head rolls onto the dance floor and sending the panicked partygoers fleeing in horror. Kim finds Nick and frees him. As they prepare to escape, they are confronted by the killer who attacks Nick. Kim eventually grabs the killer\'s axe and hits him on the head with it. As Kim and the killer stare at each other for a moment, Kim realizes who he really is. He runs outside where the police have arrived. As McBride tries to shoot, Kim stops him and the killer falls to the ground. The killer is revealed to be Alex, had witnessed Robin\'s death and dies in Kim\'s arms after he tells Kim what happened to their sister just before the credits roll.'] ["In a small Texas town, the mentally ill John Kirby ([[Brian Libby  goes insane and kills two people of a family he was staying with. Sheriff Dan Stevens  and his deputy Charlie  respond and eventually arrest Kirby, but Kirby breaks out of the handcuffs, hits other officers and grabs one of their guns, forcing the officers to open fire and shoot Kirby. Kirby suffers severe gunshot wounds and is near death. Kirby is transported to an institute where his psychiatrist, Tom Halman , works along with Medical Doctors Spires and Vaughn (Steven Keats and [[William Finley , who are also genetic engineers. In an attempt to save Kirby, Dr. Spires suggests that they use the formula they created. However, Dr. Halman objects in light of Kirby's psychosis. Dr. Spires first decides that Halman is right, but then ignores the consequences and proceeds to use the formula once Dr. Halman leaves. The formula makes Kirby nearly invulnerable, leading to the deaths of many more people . Sheriff Stevens tracks down Kirby in the hope that he can put an end to the carnage. He finally finds Kirby and is able to throw him down a well. As Stevens leaves, however, Kirby's head comes out of the water, meaning he was not killed, at which point the film ends."] ["Tony Benson is a psychopathic, deeply confused, socially inept man. He lives alone in a flat on a London council estate tower block. He obsessively collects 1980s violent action movies, and he aimlessly wanders the streets of London looking to connect with anybody, his life is dull, empty, odd, and is made up of deeply bad habits. He has been unemployed and living on state benefits for 20 years. Early on in the film he is revealed to be a secret serial killer. He kills men he encounters by chance, including two drug addicts whom he uncomfortably tries to engage with after inviting them to his home to smoke heroin. The encounter ends with Tony suffocating one of them with a plastic bag while locking the other in a cupboard before letting him go believing the terrified addict wouldn't go to the police. The rare visitors Tony does get usually complain of the rotting smell from his house which he blames on clogged drains, when in truth its the decaying bodies of Tonys victims. Others he meets at gay bars before bringing them back to his flat and usually end with him rejecting their advances and killing them too. He also gets dismissed after visiting a prostitute with only £5, asking the price of a cuddle and striking up a warped conversation with her. Tony is shown to be very confused about his sexuality. In other scenes he is seen disposing of the bodies of his victims by butchering their torsos and human organs in his kitchen sink before bagging them and dumping them in the River Thames and canals in London. In other scenes of dark comedy he is seen sharing a bed with a rotting corpse obviously one of his victims from another murder, and dragging bodies which are stashed around the house out to put on the couch to sit and watch TV with him. Tony also comes under fire from a vicious lager lout  when his son goes missing. Grover bullies Tony whenever they cross paths, he attacks Tony with volleys of verbal and physical abuse, including spitting on him in the street during the search of his son and coming across Tony. Grover accuses Tony of being a paedophile and wrongly blames him for his son's disappearance. Tony becomes suspect number one because of his oddball appearance and his withdrawn nature towards other people. Tony's dark past could finally be revealed when a police detective pays him a visit to question him on the missing boy's whereabouts, only time tells if Tony is responsible and if his murdering ways will be sussed. Tony is a disturbing, sparse film. Some of the scenes are very mundane as in real life which makes it a realistic portrayal of something the underbelly of London could throw up."] ['{{plot}}  In the town of Moorehigh in 1957, the patients of Dr. Rendell kept disappearing. After some investigation, the citizens of Moorehigh found that he and his son, Evan, Jr. , were ripping out patients\' hearts in an attempt to bring back the doctor\'s dead wife. The townspeople stone Dr. Rendell to death, but Evan, Jr. disappeared. Thirty-five years later, the now-adult Evan, Jr. escapes from an insane asylum by murdering two doctors, and heads back to Moorehigh for revenge. The reputation of the Rendell family has been immortalised in a poem used by local children to keep rhythm when skipping; ::This town has a doctor and his name is Rendell ::Stay away from his house cause he\'s the doctor from Hell. ::He killed all his patients, every last one, ::And cut out their hearts...purely for fun. ::So if you\'re from Moorehigh and you get sick ::Fall on your knees and pray you die quick. In Moorehigh, 19 year old Jennifer Campbell, her boyfriend Max Anderson, and their classmates are all planning their spring break. Jennifer, having lost her mother recently and put out that her father is dating again so soon after her death, is further angered because she has been diagnosed with a heart condition, and is forced to wear a heart monitor to determine if she needs surgery. Meanwhile, Dr. Giggles breaks into his father\'s abandoned office and starts going through the doctor\'s old files, gathering a list of names. Jennifer\'s friends decide to do expedition into the Rendell house, to search for the bodies that urban legend says are hidden in the walls. As a prank, two of them are locked in one of the abandoned rooms, and are left behind, becoming Giggles\' first victims. Giggles proceeds to stalk and kill several of the town\'s residents, through a variety of bizarre methods loosely based on medical treatment. Jennifer comes home from a party and, deciding she\'s had enough of her heart monitor, dumps it in a fish tank. While she is lying down, two of her friends sneak into another room to have sex, only to be ambushed and killed by Giggles. After Jennifer decides to go back to the party, her father sees the heart monitor and runs out of the house after Jennifer, leaving his girlfriend behind to also be killed by Giggles. Jennifer returns to a carnival and finds Max kissing another girl. Distraught, she runs into a house of mirrors. Giggles follows and kills the girl, but Jennifer manages to see him coming and escapes. She finds the police and tells them what has happened, but only two officers believe her story - Reitz and Magruder. Magruder, the elder, tells of how, the night after Dr. Rendell was killed, he came across the body of Rendell\'s wife and saw the seven year old Evan, Jr. cut his way out of the body with a scalpel, revealing how he escaped the mob all those years ago. Magruder goes to investigate Jennifer\'s house, and finds her father there, lying in a pool of blood. Giggles attacks and kills Magruder, but not before Magruder seriously wounds him in the side with a bullet. Reitz arrives soon after, finding his partner dead and Jennifer\'s father wounded but alive. Meanwhile, Giggles returns to his hideout, performing surgery on himself to remove the bullet. The traumatic experience has made it necessary for Jennifer to be checked into the hospital for an EEG. While she is being examined, Giggles appears, killing the doctor and knocking Jennifer unconscious with a syringe full of sedative. Jennifer awakens later to find herself in the operating room beneath the Rendell house, as Giggles tells her that he plans to replace her "broken" heart with one of the ones he took from the bodies of her friends. However, just as she falls unconscious, Reitz and Max burst in. In the struggle, Reitz is killed, but a fire started during the fight ignites a set of oxygen tanks, causing an explosion that destroys the Rendell house . Max and Jennifer barely manage to escape. Jennifer is taken to the hospital, where she is told that the traumatic events of the evening have damaged one of her heart valves, and she is going to need surgery to replace it. While she is being prepped, Giggles reappears, having survived the explosion, and cutting a bloody path through the hospital staff to get to Jennifer. He chases her to a janitor\'s closet, where she spills a bottle of cleaning fluid onto the floor and hits him with a pair of defibrillator paddles, electrocuting him. She finally kills him by stabbing him through the chest with two of his own instruments. Giggles then breaks the fourth wall, staring at the camera and asking, "Is there a doctor in the house?" before dying. Recovering in the hospital, Jennifer is visited by her also-recovering father, and by Max.'] ['The film is an anthology of four Halloween-related scary stories. One common element that ties the stories together is the presence of Sam  , a mysterious pint-sized trick-or-treater wearing shabby orange pajamas with a burlap sack over his head. He makes an appearance in all the stories as a \'friendly-reminder\' to those who break Halloween traditions.TRICK \'R TREAT  Emma  and her holiday-obsessed husband, Henry  have set up numerous ghost-scarecrows for Halloween in their yard. After returning home from a Halloween party, Emma tries to blow out a jack-o\'-lantern by their fence, but Henry tells her not to because it\'s against tradition to extinguish a jack-o\'-lantern on Halloween; she blows it out anyway, as she hates Halloween and other traditions. While Henry is inside waiting for Emma to take down the decorations, she is murdered by an unknown assailant with a large blade-shaped pumpkin lollipop. Later, Henry goes outside and finds Emma\'s severed head, with the giant lollipop in its mouth, hung up on one of the ghost-scarecrows, her limbs chopped off and hanged.  Steven Wilkins , the town principal, spots Charlie ([[Brett Kelly , a young fat kid, stealing candy from his yard. Smiling, he places him down at his front door and talks to him about candy and stealing, carving out a jack-o-lantern, and he gives him a candy. Charlie eats the candy, which turns out to be poisoned, and throws up large amounts of chocolate and blood before he dies. Wilkins drags him to his house, and then returns it outside. There, Wilkins buries Charlie in his backyard, along with another unknown body, and has a run-in with his neighbor, Mr. Kreeg ([[Brian Cox , and his dog. After finishing the burial, Wilkins sees Kreeg screaming from his window, begging for help; Wilkins disregards this and Kreeg is knocked down by an unknown assailant. Later, Wilkins arrives in his basement, where he helps his son Billy  carve a "jack-o\'-lantern" in their basement, which is revealed to be Charlie\'s severed head. The sequence ends with Billy saying, "But don\'t forget to help me with the eyes."  Five kids, Macy ; Schrader ; Sara ; Chip ; and Rhonda , a savant, journey to the local rock quarry where Macy tells them the local urban legend of "The Halloween School Bus Massacre". Thirty years ago, a school bus containing eight children, all mentally challenged to the point of being chained to their seats was driving on their way home from school. Instead of taking the usual route, the bus driver took the road to the quarry. He stops at the top of a ravine, and checks their chains. However, one kid manages to free his chains and gets to the front seat. While trying to control the bus, he accidentally puts the bus in gear, which causes it to crash into the lake at the bottom of the quarry; the bus driver was the only one who survived, and it is unknown what happened to him. Macy reveals that the children\'s parents paid the bus driver to kill them to end their "burden". As the group investigates the quarry, the group play a School Bus Massacre prank on Rhonda in which they pretend to have been murdered, then dress up in zombie costumes and chase Rhonda until she falls and knocks herself out. Schrader tends to her and tells the others that its time to leave. While cleaning up with Chip and Sara, Macy kicks a jack-o-lantern into the lake. This proves to be a deadly mistake, as the school bus children suddenly rise from the water. Chip and Rhonda hear the screams of the others and Schrader - thinking it\'s another prank - goes to back to find them. After he does, informs him in a panic that the legend is real and they need to leave. As the School Bus children chase them, they manage to grab hold of the chains which Sara is wearing as part of her costume, ultimately she is dragged away and killed. Meanwhile, Rhonda has locked herself in the elevator leading out of the quarry. Despite the others begging her to open it, she takes her revenge for the prank and rides it up herself as the School Bus children corner them. They are heard being dismembered and eaten alive by Rhonda as she steps out of the elevator. She spots Sam watching her, sitting on a cement pipe, and leaves.  Laurie , a self-conscious 22-year-old virgin, is getting dressed in costumes with her older sister Danielle  and their two friends Maria  and Janet . Annoyed by their talk about boys, she stays behind and plans to join them later. The other girls find local men to bring with them to a party in the woods. Later, alone on her way to the party, Laurie is attacked by a vampire dressed in black . Meanwhile, Danielle, Maria, and Janet party at a bonfire with the men they brought, with Danielle worried about Laurie. The vampire\'s body suddenly drops from a tree onto the party and Laurie appears. The "vampire" is revealed to be Principal Wilkins in disguise wearing fake fangs. The girls at the party, along with Laurie, suddenly transform into werewolves, removing their skins, and is revealed that Laurie\'s "virginity" is actually that she has never killed anyone as a werewolf. The girls devour their dates along with Wilkins. Sam is shown sitting on a nearby log, watching them.  Kreeg, a cantankerous, Halloween-hating, curmudgeon lives alone with his dog, Spite, as his only companion. Kreeg shows his disgust for Halloween by scaring away trick-or-treaters. While at his house, Kreeg is attacked by Sam. During the struggle, Kreeg rips off the sack over Sam\'s head to reveal his head to be a cross between a jack-o-lantern and a human skull. Kreeg runs to his window calling for Mr. Wilkins to help him, but is tackled by Sam. Kreeg gains the upper hand when he manages to fire his shotgun at Sam, seemingly killing him, in the process shooting off one of Sam\'s hands. As Kreeg dials 9-1-1, Sam re-attaches his hand and rises. Sam then attacks him again, stabbing at him with a large pumpkin sucker out of which he has taken a bite, rendering it sharp. Kreeg, however, smashes his nearby wine bottle, using it as a weapon. This proves futile, as Sam twists his wrist until it breaks. As he delivers the killing stroke, he finds that the sucker has lodged itself into a piece of chocolate from which Kreeg had earlier taken a bite. Sam, taking the sucker wedged into the chocolate, walks away. Meanwhile, pictures burning slowly in a nearby fireplace show a class photo of the masked children from the "School Bus Massacre" and the bus driver, who is revealed to be Kreeg himself.  Bandaged and bruised from his encounter with Sam, Kreeg answers his door to give candy to trick-or-treaters, thus following Halloween tradition. While on his porch, he spots Sam walk over to Emma and Henry\'s house just after she blows out the jack-o\'-lantern. Rhonda walks across the street in a trance and is almost hit by the laughing, human-form werewolf girls in their vehicle, presumably to drive to another town as they do every Halloween. Young Billy Wilkins is sitting on his porch handing out candy and wearing a "Principal Wilkins" costume. Kreeg then walks back inside when there\'s another knock at the door. He opens the door to find the kids from the School Bus Massacre standing there with their bags outstretched, saying, "Trick r\' Treat". The ending is rendered as comic book pages showing the bus driver\'s fate at the hands of the undead children.'] ['Zoologist, Nina, plans a trip with her boyfriend Matt to Tasmania to find an endangered species of tiger that has been captured on film by her sister, who mysteriously was found dead in the river of Tasmania. Luckily, Matt\'s friend Jack and his girlfriend Rebecca help pay for the trip and they come with her. When they arrive, Matts sees a small girl on the boat playing some sort of game with a bunch of teeth. When Matt asks what she is doing, she recites a rhyme and then bites a chunk out from his hand. One night whilst camping in a cave out in the woods, Nina finds one of the Tasmanian tigers creeping through the bush. When the group go out to investigate, Rebecca is captured and eaten by a cannibal. After a series of strange events, Matt and Nina find Jack and a dead Rebecca hanging in the trees with dismembered limbs. When Jack gets up, he falls to a bear trap, and then into another which captures his head. Scared, Nina and Matt flee the area. Through what the cannibals tell Matt and Nina, Nina\'s sister gave birth to a cannibal child, and was then attacked, where she jumped from a bridge into the river. When Nina reaches the bridge, the cannibals find her and are ready to eat. She jumps from the bridge while Matt screams in horror. Later, Matt is seen at a campfire, drinking from a mug. When he gets into his car to drive away, he finds that the drink was drugged and he could not move. He is then taken by a cannibal, who leaves him in a chair while watching Nina  being eaten by the cannibal. While Matt watches, the same girl from the start turns his head so he can see her, and she takes out her dentures, showing deformed sharp teeth. She then lunges at Matt, saying "I\'m hungry!"'] ['Dr. Alan Feinstone is in the maximum security mental hospital he was sentenced to at the end of the first film. While talking to the facility\'s psychiatrist, he remembers the murders he committed in his own mind, while convincing the doctor that it was another man who did those things. His remorseful story distracts her from seeing him pull a sharpened tool that he stitched into his own leg, and he uses her as a hostage to escape the hospital. Feinstone\'s ex-wife Brooke is alive despite her missing tongue and inability to speak; she hires an investigator to find out where Alan has escaped to, believing that he had been putting away money before he went crazy. Brooke has in her possession some postcards that Alan had left behind, and she believes he is in one of those places. Feinstone winds up in the small town of Paradise, Missouri, pretending that he had grown upset at life in the big city. He uses a previously established false identity of Dr. Lawrence  Caine, and has a bank account where he had been sending the money he skimmed off from his practice to hide from the IRS. The bank officer Mr. Wilkes introduces Feinstone to his niece Jamie, hoping that she can rent out her small cottage for "Larry" to live in so she could collect money from it. Jamie, who physically resembles Brooke, becomes a target of Alan’s affections. When he has problems with a cap on one of his teeth, Feinstone visits the inept town dentist, and takes an instant disliking to Dr. Burns, especially when the cap falls back off after only an hour. Feinstone threatens the old man with a golf club, causing him to accidentally fall down the stairs to his death. Mr. Wilkes convinces Alan that he should take over as the new dentist for Paradise; Alan soon resumes his murderous ways with a passing tourist  who accidentally recognizes him from L.A. As the private detective tracks Alan down to Paradise, Feinstone learns that Jamie has an old admirer named Robbie, who also is the drywall contractor hired to finish his new office. Feinstone\'s insane jealousy causes him to ruin a romantic dinner when it is interrupted by a call from Robbie on her answering machine, despite Jamie\'s insistence that she only thinks of Robbie as a friend from third grade. Meanwhile, Bev, a teller at the bank, has doubts about "Larry" and finds out his real identity while researching on the computer. Bev sets up an appointment to tell him she knows the truth, but when she asks too many questions he supposes she knows something. He goes behind her and sedates her with nitrous oxide. She finds herself duct taped to the dental chair and cries and begs him to let her go. He puts a mouth clamp in her mouth to keep it open and drills her tooth to the raw nerve as a "lie detector" to find out who else she has told. If she lied he would take a dental hook and wiggle the tooth he drilled. Robbie comes to install some more drywall, and after Bev screams Robbie goes to check on her then Alan and Robbie get into a fight. Alan kills Robbie with a hatchet and turns back to Bev and re-tapes her to the dental chair, takes some dental pliers and plays a new game "truth or tooth" and pulls her left front tooth out and then asks a question about Jamie then pulls her left incisor tooth out. Before finishing her off Alan painfully extracts her teeth. Later that night Alan begins to have his obsessive-compulsive visions of germs and decay again after seeing his blood-stained uniform. Suddenly Brooke appears, and begins to seduce him in one of his chairs; just before she can cut his tongue off with a pair of scissors, Jamie knocks her out with an overhead lamp. However, as Jamie is calling the police about Brooke, she spots the bloody hatchet, and opens a closet door to find Robbie\'s and Bev\'s maimed corpses. Feinstone turns on Jamie and a fight ensues, with him chasing her to an upstairs bathroom and finally overpowering her. He takes her to an unfinished room in the office, which in his mind is spotless, germ-free and pure white, with opera music playing, and picks up an electric drill  and tries to drill her teeth. Jamie escapes and hides, until Brooke has revived and she and Jamie trap Alan in a hallway. Brooke lunges to stab him with her scissors, but Jamie inadvertently hits her over the head with a 2x4, presumably killing her. Feinstone finds Jamie hiding behind some drywall, and after banter between the two, Jamie fires a nail gun repeatedly and hits him with numerous nails. A stunned Feinstone walks downstairs into the midst of a surprise welcome party being given to him by the people of Paradise. Alan calmly exits out the front door, leaving the townpeople shocked and Jamie to recover herself from what just happened. Feinstone is last seen driving off into the night with numerous nails embedded in his head and shoulders. He begins to pull them out, using one as a toothpick for his cap which was lost in his fights with Jamie and Brooke, and maniacally laughs repeatedly as he drives down the road in his car.'] ['Julia , a young teacher for deaf children living in Savannah, Georgia. Julia has horrid memories of her childhood, which was scarred by her sadistic twin sister Mary . At the urging of her uncle, Father James, Julia visits Mary, suffering from a severe skin disease, in a mental institution. The meet does not go well, and Mary vows to make Julia "suffer as she had suffered". As their mutual birthday approaches, several of Julia\'s friends and neighbors begin to die gruesome deaths, some of which committed by a mysterious Rottweiler dog that has some sort of connection to Mary. But is Mary really the killer?'] ['The film begins with a woman running through the woods, who then falls into a stream and disappears. She is filed as a missing person. Meanwhile, four young campers, Craig, Peter, Ingrid, and Joanie back-pack through the mountains for a relaxing weekend in the wilderness. While they are hiking in broad daylight, someone starts killing tourists in the woods. Craig warns the others not to go into the woods alone. The mountains are crawling with nerdy bird-watchers and young couples, most of whom meet gruesome ends at the hands of a deranged and growling woodsman with a sharp spike. As their hike continues, the four campers enter a forest which becomes denser and darker as they progress. Peter  and Ingrid  fear that they are lost. The rest of the terrifying night is spent running and hiding from the maniac murderer  who is constantly in pursuit. Meanwhile, the local sheriff and his deputy decide they should start to investigate the disappearances.'] ['Douglas \'Dougie\' Whooly is a nine year old boy obsessed with a video game, in which he plays Satan\'s little helper. Dougie and his mother go to pick up Dougie\'s sister Jenna, who has been away at college studying acting, but is coming home to spend Halloween with her brother. Dougie is excited to see his sister, declaring to his mother he wants to marry her. The reunion between the two turns sour when Dougie finds out she has brought her boyfriend, Alex. She introduces him as a fellow actor and another native of their town, the two of them meeting on the trip home, since Alex attended a different high school. Dougie treats Alex with scorn, and upon arriving home, angrily turns on Jenna before he runs off. Dougie wanders around the neighborhood and finds a man - dressed in a cheap costume with a horned mask - carrying a dead woman out of a house. Dougie believes the woman to be an impressively realistic dummy, and watches in awe as the man fusses with the body\'s position on the front porch. When the man finally goes on his way, Dougie follows. When he sees the man arranging another dead body on a lawn as if it were a decoration, Dougie goes up to him, naively believes the man is Satan, which he accepts. While Dougie is with Satan, their mother convinces Jenna to try on the mother\'s costume from last year. Jenna refuses to wear her mother\'s "renaissance slut" outfit, but her mother persists. When she finally gives in, she\'s surprised and impressed by how sexy she looks in it, and tries on a British accent and bolder personality to go with the costume, which she reprises a few times throughout the film. Alex decides to bond with Dougie by dressing as Satan for Halloween, leaving with Dougie to get a costume. While Jenna and her mother watch them go, her mother scolds her for biting her nails, which Jenna brushes off. She tells her mother she can\'t wait to see what Alex is like when he comes back, claiming he\'s an excellent actor. Dougie and Satan knock out Alex by setting him up for an ambush, so they can bond with each other. Dougie brings Satan home, whom everyone believes to be Alex. After meeting his seductive sister Jenna, Satan is obviously taken with her sexy appearance and immediately seizes her breasts and begins touching her body, to which Jenna is flattered by, but believes is just Alex playing the part of his costume. She coyly leads him up to her room, where she initially enjoys his attentions. However, he refuses to speak, and when she attempts to remove his mask to kiss him, he responds violently. She decides it\'s a part of his character and ignores it, but when she has had enough fondling and wants to stop, he begins choking her. Dougie, not understanding the sexual interest Satan has taken in his sister, unknowingly saves her when he barges into her room to see the two. Satan stops to avoid upsetting Dougie, and his sister decides to play the situation off as Alex being too into his role. When Satan and Dougie leave to get Halloween candy, they instead steal tools needed to murder, and then attack and kill several people, including Alex\'s dad, which Dougie believes is merely part of a game. On the way home, they engage in a killing spree involving a grocery cart. While walking through a cemetery, the police accost them, and Satan tells Dougie to run home while he murders the police. We soon find out that all the police on the island community are now dead. Dougie returns home to wait for his master. When Dougie tells Jenna about what they\'ve done, she begins to think that Alex is pushing the game too far. She waits for Alex  to come home. After he arrives, his new personality starts to frighten her, she realizes he is not wearing the right shoes - that he isn\'t Alex. When Jenna tries to tell her mother it\'s not Alex, she dismisses it and just thinks the two are taking their acting too seriously. Dougie\'s father comes home, and despite Jenna\'s attempts to stop him, he ventures upstairs and is brutally killed in front of the rest of the family. Dougie is finally horrified by what he\'s seeing, realizing it\'s real and not a game, and flees when his mother tells him to. While the killer menaces her mother, Jenna tries to call the police, but there\'s no one to answer. He kidnaps their mother, and as Jenna tries to follow, Alex startles her. They both go after the killer, who they believe is a boy they saw on the news earlier, Billy. He was arrested a year ago for Halloween arson. Because the killer knows what they both look like, they break into a Halloween store to steal new costumes as disguises, so they can get close enough to stop him. The killer takes the mother to a Halloween party. Everyone assumes the tape wrapped all over her body and mouth is part of her costume, and believes the killer is her husband in costume. Despite her attempts to escape and signal for help, no one intervenes, in fact, they all find the her \'costume\' hilarious. The killer poses for pictures, grabs other women\'s breasts  and when no one except the mother is looking, pours deadly chemicals into the punch. At home Dougie is in terror of the doorbell, while the town begins to riot, due to no police. He resentfully pulls off pieces of his Halloween costume. He prays to God for help, while Jenna and Alex try to get close to the killer. Unfortunately, in the manner which Jenna realizes the killer wasn\'t Alex, so too is Jenna recognizes by her pink sparkly heels. He tauntingly lifts a final piece of tape and wraps it over her mother\'s nose, then pushes her deeper into the crowd. The rest of the crowd fails to grasp the peril, pushing the staggering woman from one person to another, laughingly picking her up when she falls. When Jenna reaches her, she realizes she can\'t get under the tape, due to her lack of nails. Right before her mother is lost, she manages to pull off the tape. Alex follows and confronts the killer, who somehow leads him to believe he is Alex\'s father. He takes Alex\'s gun, shoots his own hand, and gives it back to Alex before walking away. Jenna and Alex go to Alex\'s house, where they see \'Satan\' is standing outside. After he is shot and falls down, they unmask him to reveal Alex\'s father. Jenna leaves to pick up her family, telling Alex not to blame himself for shooting him. At the house Dougie believes his prayers are answered when he opens the door to reveal \'God\' - in a Jesus costume. Dougie is convinced to follow him, believing that like \'Satan\', \'God\' doesn\'t talk, and that because he\'s bleeding \'real blood\' from his hand, he must really be God. Jenna finds Dougie, who tells her about God and the blood. She brings him home, and upon questioning Dougie, realizes that Alex\'s father died earlier and \'God\' is \'Satan\'. Their mother arrives, and Jenna remembers Alex thinks the killer is dead, and tries to call and warn him, too late. He\'s dragged off by the killer. Jenna wants to go find him, but is held back by her family. When they hear a noise in the basement, they go investigate, armed. When they see the Jesus costume, they violently attack it, only discovering after that it\'s Alex they\'ve killed instead. Upstairs, Dougie spots a rescue helicopter, and tries to use a police car radio to ask for help. When a police officer steps up, Dougie believes he came because of his message, and the family lets him inside. While the rest of them go deeper into the house, the officer steps back and spray paints a 6 beneath their home address - 66 - and we can clearly see he\'s wearing a mask. The movie ends in a cliffhanger. When the screen goes black, before the credits roll, Jenna asks, "Mom? Why won\'t he say anything?" Dougie answers, "He\'s afraid Satan will hear him."'] ['Marion Crane  steals $400,000 from her employer to get her boyfriend, Sam Loomis , out of debt, and flees Phoenix, Arizona by car. While en route to Sam\'s California home, she parks along the road to sleep. A highway patrol officer awakens her and, suspicious of her agitated state, begins to follow her. When she trades her car for another one at a dealership, he notes the new vehicle\'s details. Marion returns to the road but, rather than drive in a heavy storm, decides to spend the night at the Bates Motel. Owner Norman Bates  tells Marion he rarely has customers because of a new interstate nearby and mentions he lives with his mother in the house overlooking the motel. He invites Marion to have supper with him. She overhears Norman arguing with his mother about letting Marion in the house, and during the meal, she angers him by suggesting he institutionalize his mother. He admits he would like to do so, but does not want to abandon her. Later that night while Marion is changing Norman secretly watches and masturbates to her from a peephole in his office. Marion resolves to return to Phoenix to return the money. After calculating how she can repay the money she has spent, Marion dumps her notes down the toilet and begins to shower. An unidentified female figure presumed to be Norman\'s mother enters the bathroom and stabs Marion to death. Later, finding the corpse, Norman is horrified. He cleans the bathroom and places Marion\'s body, wrapped in the shower curtain, and all her possessions — including the money — in the trunk of her car and sinks it in a nearby swamp. Sam is contacted by both Marion\'s sister, Lila , and private detective Milton Arbogast , who has been hired by Marion\'s employer to find her and recover the money. Arbogast traces Marion to the motel and questions Norman, who unconvincingly lies that Marion stayed for one night and left the following morning. He refuses to let Arbogast talk to his mother, claiming she is ill. Arbogast calls Lila to update her and tells her he will contact her again in an hour after he questions Norman\'s mother. Arbogast enters Norman\'s house and at the top of the stairs is attacked by the "Mother" figure who slashes his face three times with a knife, pushes him down the stairs, then stabs him to death. When Arbogast does not call Lila, she and Sam contact the local police. Deputy Sheriff Al Chambers  is perplexed to hear that Arbogast saw a woman in a window, as Norman\'s mother had died ten years ago. Norman confronts his mother and urges her to hide in the cellar. She rejects the idea and orders him out of her room, but against her will Norman carries her to the cellar. Posing as a married couple, Sam and Lila check into the motel and search Marion\'s room, where they find a scrap of paper in the toilet with "$40,000" written on it. While Sam distracts Norman, Lila sneaks into the house to search for his mother. Sam suggests to Norman that he killed Marion for the money so he could buy a new motel. Realizing Lila is not around, Norman knocks Sam unconscious with a golf club and rushes to the house. Lila sees him and hides in the cellar where she discovers the mummified body of Norman\'s mother. Wearing his mother\'s clothes and a wig and carrying a knife, Norman enters and tries to attack Lila, but she is rescued by Sam. After Norman\'s arrest, forensic psychiatrist Dr. Fred Richmond  tells Sam and Lila that Norman\'s dead mother is living in Norman\'s psyche as an alternate personality. After the death of Norman\'s father, his mother found a lover. Norman went over the edge with jealousy and murdered both of them. He stole her corpse and preserved the body. When he is "Mother", he acts, talks, and dresses as she would. Norman imagined his mother would be as jealous of a woman to whom he might be attracted just as he was of his mother\'s lover, and so "Mother" kills any woman he has feelings for; when Norman regains consciousness, he believes that his mother has committed the crime, and covers up for her. Richmond concludes that the "Mother" personality has now taken complete control of Norman\'s mind. In the final scene, Norman sits in a cell, thinking in "Mother\'s" voice. In a voiceover, "Mother" explains that she plans to prove to the authorities she is incapable of violence by refusing to swat a fly that has landed on her hand. Marion\'s car is shown being recovered from the swamp, and is followed by the ending credits.'] ['On October 30, 1977, Jerry Goldsmith , Bill Hudley , Mary Knowles  and Denise Willis  are two couples out on the road in hopes of writing a book on offbeat roadside attractions. When the four meet Captain Spaulding , a vulgar but friendly owner of a gas station and "Museum of Monsters & Madmen", they learn the local legend of Dr. Satan. As the four take off in search of the tree from which Dr. Satan was hanged, they pick up a young hitchhiker named Baby  who claims to live only a few miles away. Shortly after, the vehicle\'s tire bursts in what is later seen to be a trap and Baby walks to her family\'s house along with Bill. Only moments later, Baby\'s half-brother, Rufus , picks up the stranded passengers and takes them to the family home. Soon following, the four friends meet Mother Firefly , Baby\'s mother; Otis Driftwood , Baby\'s adopted brother; Grampa Hugo , Baby\'s grandfather; and Baby\'s deformed giant half-brother, Tiny . While being treated to dinner, they discover that the family has their own weird Halloween traditions. Mother Firefly then explains that her ex-husband, Earl , had previously tried to burn Tiny alive along with the Firefly house. After the dinner is over, the family puts on a Halloween show for their guests, where Baby offends Mary by acting flirtatiously towards Bill. After Baby is threatened, Mother Firefly tells the couples to leave and that their car is repaired. As they try to leave, though, they are attacked by Otis and Tiny, being taken as prisoners. Not long after, Otis creates a work of art out of Bill\'s body, Mary is tied up and abused, Denise is bedbound and dressed as a doll and Jerry is scalped because he failed to guess Baby\'s favorite movie star. After Denise does not return home, her father, Don , calls the police to search for her. Two Deputy Sheriffs, George Wydell  and Steve Naish , find the couples\' abandoned car in a field with a tortured victim in the trunk. Don, who is an ex cop, is called and arrives at the scene to go with the two Deputies to search for information. They arrive at the Firefly house and upon finding bodies, the three are quickly killed. Later that night, the three remaining teenagers are taken to an underground well  and Mary manages to escape, only to be killed by Baby moments later. Meanwhile, Jerry and Denise are lowered into the underground chamber, where a number of feral figures pull Jerry away and leave Denise to find her way through the underground lair. As she journeys through the mysterious chambers and catacombs, she encounters Dr. Satan and a multitude of mentally handicapped patients. Dr. Satan has Jerry on his operating table, horribly torturing and skinning him alive. As Dr. Satan yells for his mutated assistant, revealed to be Earl, Mother Firefly\'s ex-husband, to capture Denise, she outwits the monstrous figure and escapes the underground chambers. Moments later, she is picked up by Captain Spaulding and passes out from exhaustion in the front seat, only for Otis to appear in the backseat with a knife. The film ends with Denise being tortured by Dr. Satan.'] ['Rob and Pia, a couple who are out for a day of sailing become lost in a heavy storm and end up on a desolate island. They come across a barn with no one home. There is a large amount of marijuana in the barn suggests the homeowners may not welcome their presence. There is also no telephone or means of communication to the outside world. But when the deranged, redneck owners, Brett, Jimmy, and their even more terrifying father Poppy return, Rob and Pia realize a fear far beyond anything they have ever known, and resentful of the affluent intruders, the monstrously sadistic hillbillies imprison and enslave the couple, who fearing for their lives, submit to appalling degradation and humiliation. When Rob and Pia learn their kidnappers have no intention of ever letting them go alive, they finally understand they must do whatever it takes just to survive, and whatever it takes means going to a limit they could never have imagined.'] ['Horror writer Edmund Blackstone  sees his recurring nightmare come to chilling life one weekend as one by one, his friends and family are killed by three villains, led by Martine Beswick as the Queen of Evil, and Hervé Villechaize as Spider.'] ['{{plot}} The film opens at Xcalibur Bowling Centre, a disco-themed bowling alley in Surrey, British Columbia. Egerton , the janitor, has allowed two groups of teenagers to bowl against one another after hours. The "prep", Steve , is still bitter after his best friend Jamie , the "jock", had sex with Lisa , a girl with whom Steve was smitten and even took to their senior prom. After Steve and his friends Joey , Patrick  and A.J.  harass the "tranny", Sam , they are chastised by Jamie. This leads to a brawl between Steve\'s team and Jamie\'s. Lisa breaks up the fight by dropping a bowling ball on Steve\'s foot just as Steve is about to kick Jamie again. Egerton, brandishing a shotgun, tells the teenagers to leave and they can continue their tournament the following night. Lisa, having forgot her purse in the arcade, returns to find Steve and his friends waiting for her. Steve proceeds to violently rape Lisa while the others watch. Egerton is oblivious to Lisa\'s cries for help, as he is downstairs cleaning up the mess the teenagers made. After he is finished raping Lisa, Steve leaves the room. A.J. and Joey rape Lisa on the pool table while Steve is gone. Patrick, who believed the three were only going to "scare" Lisa, refuses to participate in the rape. Steve returns with a bowling pin and prepares to insert it into Lisa\'s vagina before Patrick intervenes. Steve retorts by giving Patrick the pin and ordering him to do it himself. Patrick refuses to do so at first but complies when Steve threatens to do the same to him. The four leave Lisa on the pool table, naked and barely conscious. The following night, the two groups arrive at the bowling alley to continue their tournament. Steve is joined by his "bitches", Julia  and Hannah . Jamie arrives late with Lisa, who barely speaks. As the teams begin their first game of the night, Lisa suddenly gets on an elevator. She is confronted by Patrick, who says he\'s only at the bowling alley to apologize. Lisa doesn\'t believe him, and insists that he is only there to make sure that she hasn\'t contacted the police. The players notice a mystery player on the scoreboard, BBK, but believe it is just a glitch. Dave , one of Jamie\'s friends, meets Julia in the bar and pays for two beers she ordered. When he discovers that one of them belongs to Steve, he asks if he can urinate in it. Julia tells him that she doesn\'t care and that she dislikes Steve too but hangs out with him anyways because he\'s dating her friend Hannah. Julia follows Dave into the bathroom and the two begin to make out. A mysterious person wearing bowling attire exits one of the stalls while Dave and Julia are in the "69" position and forces Julia\'s head further onto Dave\'s penis while forcing Dave\'s head further between Julia\'s legs, suffocating them both. After they are dead, two strikes appear next to BBK on the scoreboard in the form of a skull and crossbones. The game continues and Sam excuses herself to the bathroom so she can "freshen up." The person who murdered Dave and Julia is hiding in one of the stalls when Sam enters the girls\' restroom and Sam, frightened by the noise coming from the stall, approaches it and is pulled inside. She tries to bargain with the killer, but the killer murders her by forcing a bowling pin down her throat. The killer lifts up Sam\'s skirt and, using the switchblade Sam tried to defend herself with, cuts Sam\'s penis lengthwise, giving her a "mangina." Ben  and Cindy  leave to have sex in a storage room upstairs, but Ben leaves Cindy alone to get a condom from the bathroom. He dies when the killer hits him over the head with a bowling pin and gouges his eyes out with a sharpened pin. The killer finds Cindy upstairs and strangles her to death with a pair of bowling sneakers. Downstairs, Hannah searches for Julia but dies when the killer crushes her head with two bowling balls. Joey goes back behind the pin setters to fix his team\'s, which they notice is broken. A.J. notices the strikes appearing next to BBK on the scoreboard and questions Egerton about it, who assures him that it is just a glitch. Egerton sends A.J. to an area currently being remodeled with an "out of order" sign to put on an automatic ball polisher that Joey broke earlier. A.J. turns the ball polisher on and finds it already fixed but dies when the killer uses it to wax his face off. Steve, noticing that something is amiss, leaves to find Joey behind the pin setters. Joey lies dead on the ground, headless. Steve is frightened by the killer, who bludgeons him with a bowling pin before sodomizing him with a sharpened pin. As Steve tries to crawl away, the killer smashes his head in with the bowling pin. Meanwhile, Sarah and Jamie continue their game. Jamie reaches into the ball return slot to find his bowling ball, instead discovering Joey\'s severed head. The two try desperately to escape the bowling alley before coming face to face with the killer. They run and hide in the basement, where they find their friends\' bodies. The killer appears with a shotgun and removes the bowling bag to reveal Egerton\'s face. Sarah discovers that Jamie knew about the murders of Steve, Joey and A.J. but not the others. Lisa appears, dressed up as well, revealing it was she that murdered Steve. Jamie explains that Lisa told her father, who turns out to be Egerton, about the rape and Egerton let Jamie in on the plan. When asked why he killed their friends too, Egerton explains that they didn\'t intervene when Lisa reentered the bowling alley and are therefore just as guilty. Another person dressed like the killer or "BBK", as Egerton goes on to explain, enters the basement and removes the bowling bag to reveal Patrick\'s face. Patrick explains that he confessed his involvement to Egerton and wanted to contact the police, but Egerton let him in on the plan instead and he was the person who murdered Joey and A.J., supposedly to make it up to her. Lisa is furious that her father allowed him to live so Egerton betrays Patrick and slits his throat with the switchblade he got from Sam. Jamie, realizing he\'s out of control, wrestles Egerton to the ground and, after a scuffle, blows his head clean off with the shotgun. Lisa cradles her father\'s body before grabbing the switchblade and trying to attack Jamie. Sarah grabs the shotgun and kills Lisa. Sarah shoots the locks off of the emergency doors and the two survivors escape the bowling alley. Traumatized and, above all, upset that Jamie did nothing to prevent the murders, Sarah turns the gun on him. The screen cuts to black and a gunshot is heard.'] ['When David , a comedian, gets a three night gig at a trucker\'s bar, his girlfriend, Sylvia , leaves him and accepts a ride from a trucker, Jack . Problems arise when we discover that Jack may be a deranged serial killer of young women. David is starting a chase with the trucker and his girlfriend which is not aware of the danger. Jack starts a game with David, in which Sylvia\'s life is at stake. Travelling together with Sylvia in his truck named "Goliath", Jack is leaving some clues to David as he follows them, at the same time acting as a "good stranger" to Sylvia, telling her stories about his life, and as we later learn difficult childhood in which he encountered bad treatment of his father towards his mother, . Following chase, David meets Jack and Sylvia in deserted place Jack opens fire from his rifle, Sylvia momentarily learns about his real plans, and tries to escape . After several miles of further chase they\'re meeting again for a dramatic final scene, in which David is eventually able to defeat Jack, though this isn\'t possible without blood shed .'] ['The plot centers on a group of college students who go up to a typically creepy mansion for spring break. Unfortunately for all, they stumble upon a possessed horror novel, whose story suddenly starts happening in the real world...with deadly results.'] ['During the Mexican-American War , Second Lieutenant Boyd fights in the United States Army . But in battle his courage fails him, and, to avoid being killed, he plays dead—while his unit is massacred. He is transported along with the other dead  back to the Mexican headquarters. However, in a moment of sudden bravery, he captures the Mexican command. For his heroism Boyd is promoted to Captain, but when his commanding officer learns of the cowardice by which his victory was achieved, he exiles Boyd to the remote Fort Spencer in the Sierra Nevada mountain range. After Boyd joins the seven other inhabitants of Fort Spencer, a stranger named Colqhoun arrives and describes his wagon train becoming lost in the Sierra Nevadas and being reduced to cannibalism to avoid starvation. The party\'s guide, a Colonel Ives, had promised the party a shorter route to the Pacific Ocean but instead led them on a more circuitous route, and was then the one to lead their turn to cannibalism. The soldiers stationed at the fort see it as their duty to investigate and search for survivors, and so assemble a rescue party. Before they leave they are warned by their Native American scout, George, of the Wendigo myth; a story that a man consuming the flesh of his enemies takes their strength but becomes a demon cursed by a hunger for human flesh. When they reach the cave where the party had taken refuge they realize that Colqhoun is Ives and has lured them into a trap. He had killed his five companions and sets about killing the soldiers from Fort Spencer one by one, including the commanding officer, Colonel Hart. Boyd manages to escape the massacre by jumping off a cliff, breaking his leg in the process. He hides in a pit along with the body of a fellow soldier and eventually he eats some of the man\'s flesh to stay alive. When he finally limps back into the fort he is delirious and severely traumatized; none of the remaining soldiers  believe his wild tale, and a second expedition finds no bodies or any trace of the man. A temporary commander is assigned to the fort and to Boyd\'s horror it turns out to be Colqhoun, now cleaned up and calling himself Colonel Ives. The others still refuse to believe that Ives is the killer, especially after he bears no sign of the wounds inflicted on him during the massacre. Ives tells Boyd that he used to suffer from tuberculosis, but when a Native scout told him the Wendigo myth he "just had to try," murdering him, eating his flesh and in the process curing his maladies. Having murdered the expedition he led he now plans to use the fort as a base to do the same to other passing travellers; he compares the location of the fort, with the guaranteed supply of isolated migrants that it entails, to the notion of Manifest Destiny that draws them there. Boyd is suspected of murder after another soldier mysteriously dies and is chained up; he watches helplessly while the last officer is murdered by an unexpected ally of Ives: Colonel Hart, back from the dead after the massacre. Ives saved Hart by feeding him his own comrades, and now Hart is addicted, like Colqhoun, to human meat. Ives wounds Boyd and forces him to make a choice: eat or die. Eventually Boyd gives in and eats a stew made out of the last officer killed, and his wound heals. But rather than join the two men in their conspiracy to convert General Slauson , he convinces Hart to free him so he can kill Ives. Hart does so, but asks Boyd to kill him first as he no longer wants to live as a cannibal. A battle between Boyd and Ives takes place at the climax, with both men wounding each other badly, yet they won\'t die easily due to their new recuperative powers. Finally, Boyd forces Ives onto a large bear trap and springs it, pinning them both together. Ives taunts Boyd by telling him he\'ll eat him as soon as he dies, but Ives expires first. Boyd refuses to save himself by eating Ives\' body and dies on top of his adversary. Martha, George\'s sister, stumbles upon the bodies of both Ives and Boyd, closes the door, and walks away. General Slauson arrives, and, while his aide looks around—the general tastes the stew that was left on the fire.'] ['A mysterious attractive blonde , an elderly family nurse who uses a wheelchair and is unable to speak , and a soon to be 21-year-old family heir all share an isolated brooding mansion where many unseemly events occur.'] ["Price plays Paul Toombes, a horror actor whose trademark role is 'Dr. Death'. Years after a scandal ends his film career , the embittered Toombes revives his character for a television series. Cast and crew begin to die in ways that suggest scenes from Toombes's films (which are represented here by clips of Price's AIP efforts, including The Haunted Palace, The Pit and the Pendulum, Tales of Terror, The Raven, Scream and Scream Again, and [[House of Usher , and they all point to Toombes. Now, Toombes must find and confront the real killer, before he becomes the next victim."] ["The film details the Kelly family living in the fictional town of Oakmoor Crossing, just before and during Halloween. The family, consisting of father David, mother Linda, and son Sean, live a normal suburban life, but are eventually visited by a stranger who identifies herself as Vivian Machen. Both the Machens and the Kellys have a long ancestral history in Oakmoor Crossing, and Vivian reveals that one of the Kelly's ancestors hanged a supposed warlock named Walter Machen, who raised up a pumpkin-headed demon, Jack-O, from hell to take revenge on the Kellys. The Kelly ancestor ended up burying the demon in a shallow grave, but through the antics of several teenagers Jack-O is raised again and seeks revenge on the Kellys."] ['In Los Angeles, a young doctor is suspected when a series of Jack the Ripper copycat killings is committed. However, when the doctor himself is murdered, his identical twin brother claims to have seen visions of the true killer.'] ["The film focuses on a group of cavers who, during a cave-in accident, cut off the arm of one of their fellow cavers in order to avoid starvation. Mere moments after the grisly act, however, the entire group is rescued. Several years later, the caver group has gone separate ways but then one by one they are killed by having their arm hacked off in the same way as their original victim. All suspect their original victim  and contact the victim's daughter who offers to help find her father and stop the killings. In the end, it is revealed that the daughter was behind the killings and she kidnaps the original leader of the caver crew who came up with the idea to cut her father's arm off. The man is then sealed in a room below an isolated country house where he will put to death by slow torture...mainly, starving to death unless he cuts off his own arm."] ['The film opens on a voyeuristic shot of college student Samantha Hughes  as she looks at an apartment. She cannot afford the security deposit, but the landlady agrees to accept the first month\'s rent instead. Samantha needs the apartment because her roommate in her college dormitory is a slob who frequently has sex with her boyfriend all night long. When she sees a flyer advertising a babysitting job, Samantha calls the number and leaves a message on the answering machine. The pay phone rings after she has hung up, and Mr. Ulman  arranges to pick her up outside the Student Affairs office. However, he never shows up. Ulman leaves a message with Samantha\'s roommate, and when Samantha calls him back, he apologizes for standing her up and offers her $100 to babysit that night. Seeing the money as the only way to afford her first month\'s rent, Samantha agrees, and her friend Megan  drives her to the house which is in the country. Megan is very skeptical, and begs Samantha to let her stay with her. When they get to the house, Ulman is very evasive when Megan asks him basic questions about who he is. He mentions the evening\'s lunar eclipse and how the town is the best place on Earth to see it. Eventually, he confesses that there is no child to babysit, only his mother. He agrees to pay Samantha $400, stressing that it was very important to have a sitter for the night. Megan is furious with Samantha for agreeing to stay. She does not trust Ulman, especially once he admitted to lying. As she drives away, she is so flustered that she pulls over to light a cigarette. A man  appears out of nowhere to offer her a light, visibly frightening her. After she lights up, she asks where he came from. He asks, "You\'re not the babysitter?" When she admits that she is not, he unexpectedly kills her by shooting her in the head, then calmly picks the lit cigarette from her fingers to finish it. Back at the house, Ulman promises that his mother is independent enough that Samantha might never even see her, and he mentions twice that there is a phone number on the fridge for a pizza place. Ulman leaves with his wife . Alone, Samantha spends some time going through the many rooms of the house. She decides not to enter one of the rooms, which is shown to have three dead bodies inside. She orders a pizza and plays pool. Eventually, she finds old photographs of the house showing a different family posing in front of it. The discovery unsettles her so much that when the pizza arrives, she throws the money at the delivery man and slams the door. The delivery man is the same stranger who killed Megan. After a few bites of the pizza, she throws it out and tries to wash the taste out of her mouth. At the sink, she hears someone else running a tap somewhere in the house. She goes upstairs to investigate, ending up in the attic, where she becomes frightened by the sounds of someone behind a door. The pizza has been drugged, and Samantha passes out. When she wakes up, she is tied to a satanic altar in the basement. The Ulmans and the stranger are there as well as a deformed priestess, all of them in hooded cloaks. The priestess draws a pentagram on Samantha\'s belly with blood and then pours more blood down her mouth. Samantha manages to free herself, stabbing Mr. Ulman and poking the stranger in the eye. She runs upstairs and trips over Megan\'s body in the kitchen. The stranger chases her up to the second story of the house where he shoots her in the arm. As he prepares to finish her off, she slashes his throat and flees into the attic. Mrs. Ulman appears devastated by the death of the man, and enters the attic. She tells Samantha that it is too late to do anything, threatening "it will work in spite of you". Samantha stabs her in the back as she prays for help. Samantha dials 911, but when the operator answers, she has another, more powerful hallucination of the demonic looking priestess. Terrified, Samantha flees the house, followed by Mr. Ulman who is bleeding profusely. When he catches up to her, she points the gun at him, and he encourages her to shoot him. He explains that he is simply a messenger for someone else. He asks Samantha to listen to the voices in her head and realize that there is no way to fight them. Samantha then shoots herself in the head. The film ends in a hospital room, where Samantha is recovering. A nurse tends to her and says, "Don\'t worry, you\'re gonna be just fine." Then, laying a hand on Samantha\'s stomach, she adds, "Both of you."'] ['The film opens as Grady Edwards  transforms himself in a bathroom. He shaves off his beard, dyes his hair, and takes out his brown contact lenses. He goes downstairs with his luggage and fixes himself peanut butter toast and coffee. As he leaves the house, the camera reveals the bodies of his wife and her three children. Susan Harding  is shopping in a grocery store with her youngest children when she meets Grady, who introduces himself as David Harris, a man who lost his wife and daughter in a car accident. He charms her, and six months later, they are engaged to be married. Susan\'s eldest son, Michael  returns home from military school and is wary of the situation. David invites him down to the basement, where he has installed locked cabinets, and tries to befriend Michael over tequila shots. Michael\'s suspicions start when David uses the wrong name when mentioning his deceased daughter. After Susan says that an elderly neighbor warned her that America\'s Most Wanted ran a profile on a serial killer that looked like David, David sneaks into the woman\'s house and throws her down her basement stairs. Susan\'s ex-husband Jay confronts David angrily about laying hands on his younger son, Sean, after David grabbed the boy roughly for failing to turn down the volume on his video game. He warns Susan that she knows nothing about David. Doubts about David mount further when he quits his job working as a real estate agent for Susan\'s sister, Jackie  to avoid giving a photo ID and other identifiers. Later, Jay confronts David about an apparent lie about his college history. David clubs him with a vase and suffocates him with a plastic bag. He then sends Michael a text with Jay\'s phone saying that David checked out okay. When the neighbor woman\'s body is discovered two weeks later, David tells the family. Michael is alarmed because he overheard David being told by the postman, who gave less detail than David. While Michael\'s girlfriend, Kelly , tries to get him to focus on college applications, he grows more obsessed with the contradictions in David\'s stories. Kelly tries to grab his attention by saying she is having sex with another guy. Michael, who is obsessed with David\'s stories, doesn\'t pay attention, and Kelly leaves. The situation comes to a head when David, intercepts an email from Jackie about hiring an investigator. He goes to Jackie\'s house and drowns her in her pool. Determined to discover what was in the locked cabinets, Michael breaks into the basement as Kelly keeps a lookout. In the basement, Michael eventually discovers his dad\'s body in the freezer. David knocks out Kelly and traps Michael in the basement. The commotion awakens Susan, and he berates her parenting skills and shouts that he thought she could be "Mrs. Grady Edwards". On Susan\'s stunned reaction, David grimaces and asks, "Who am I here?" Susan tries to flee to the bathroom. David, trying to break in, kicks the door and shatters the mirror behind it. Susan picks up a sharp piece of glass and hides it behind her. When David breaks in, Susan stabs the glass piece into David\'s neck, supposedly killing him. Michael escapes from the basement and finds Kelly. They find Susan in the hallway across from the bathroom, thinking David is dead. Then, David approaches from behind and blocks the stairs, chases all of them into the attic where he and Michael fight, eventually falling onto the roof and then falling off the edge of the roof to the ground, where they both lie unconscious. When Michael wakes up, he finds out he had been in a coma for just over a month. He then learns that David is still alive. He fled the scene before the police arrived. The end scene shows David, who has again changed his name to Chris Ames. He is working at a hardware store when he meets a woman  who was shopping with her two sons.'] ['A serial killer, Butch , escapes prison and murders an officer, before posing as his victim so he can disappear in the remote Grizzly Park. To keep his cover, Butch picks up eight troubled young adults who are inducted into a rehabilitation program, in Grizzly Park, to serve a week of community service for their respective misdemeanors: Michael \'Scab\' White  is a white supremacist; Lola  is a Mexican tomboy; Bebe  is ditzy and dimwitted; Ty  is a computer wiz; Candy  is a shallow "it girl;" Ryan  is a spoiled rich kid; KiKi  is also spoiled and shallow; and Trickster  is mostly concerned with pulling pranks. Arriving at Grizzly Park, the group meet Ranger Bob  and Ranger Mike . Ranger Bob sets off with the group into the park, while Ranger Mike stays with Butch, who quickly stabs him to death before entering the park himself. However Butch is soon attacked and killed by a large Grizzly bear . Through their hike, the miscreant youths are given an opportunity to seek redemption; however this fails, as the group ignore Ranger Bob and instead spend the majority of the hike lusting after each other. Ty and Kiki sneak off from the group, but Ty becomes stuck in a wolf trap. His blood attracts a wolf which attacks and murders KiKi, before the grizzly bear murders Ty. The rest of the group reach the main camping site where they spend the night. In the morning, when Ty and KiKi have not arrived, Ranger Bob goes looking for them, leaving the group at the camp where they continue to lust for each other. At night, after hours of searching, Ranger Bob discovers the gory remains of Ty and KiKi, and begins to rush back to the camp, where the group are having a campfire. Scab leaves the group and inhales gas, while Trickster dresses up in a bear costume to scare the others. While Scab is on a drug trip, the bear attacks and murders him, his death going unnoticed due to Trickster\'s prank. However, soon after the bear attacks the group, decapitating Trickster and mauling Lola in half. Ryan, Candy and Bebe take shelter in a shed, but the bear attacks. Thinking the bear has left, Ryan opens a hatch; however the bear drags him out and begins to maul him to death. Candy and Bebe attempt to pull him back in, but his arms are torn from his body and he dies. Sometime later, the bear attacks the shed once more. Bebe escapes; however Candy becomes trapped and is killed. The following morning, Ranger Bob returns to find an upset Bebe. As Bebe prepares to leave the camp, Ranger Bob overhears her making a call to her friend telling her she had manipulated Ranger Bob and planned to murder him. As Bebe leaves the cabin, she encounters the bear and it kills her. Afterwards, a news reporter  is seen explaining the murders to be at the hands of Butch, who supposedly dressed up as a bear and killed the victims before escaping. It is revealed that Ranger Bob, in fact, trained the bear to kill the members of the group who had not learned from their previous mistakes.'] ['Anne is a bicycle messenger, who has recently cheated on her boyfriend Michael with a charming but brutal psychopath who is also a police officer. She accompanies Michael on a mountain biking holiday where the two decide to cycle down a recently closed trail. She confesses to the affair, telling Michael that it turned brutal with rough sex. Anne\'s one night stand, who is intrigued by her strength and courage, has followed them and kills Michael, stating that Anne is the "only one to have survived the first night". He now views her as his property and proceeds to quickly dispatch anyone else who attempts to stand in the way of his enjoying her slow and painful death.'] ["In a small apartment complex, somebody in a ski mask is murdering women with tools, such as a nail gun, a screwdriver and a drill. Meanwhile, a tenant's daughter, 15-year-old Laurie Ballard, is kidnapped. Detective Jamison, investigates the murders, and stumbles onto a connection between them and the kidnapping."] ["Jodi Lyn O'Keefe reprises Rose McGowan's role in the original film. O'Keefe stars as Debbie Strand, who escapes from the mental institution she was sent off to in the first installment of the series. After the young co-ed dies in an unexpected accident, Debbie steals both the girl's identity and her car, and heads off to the college her victim was supposed to attend. There, Debbie quickly develops a psychotic crush on her dashing writing professor, Dr. Sam Decker, killing anyone she perceives as a threat to their relationship. However, Debbie's scheme starts to fall apart when her roommate begins unraveling Debbie's lies and discovers the truth about her past. Knowing that she is in danger of being exposed, Debbie makes plans to get rid of her roommate and her friends by any means necessary."] [' Unlike the first two Creepshow installments in which the wraparound element linking the stories was a horror comic, Creepshow III takes an approach similar to Quentin Tarantino\'s Pulp Fiction, in which characters from each story collide with each other during the film. There is also a hotdog stand as a common element in the movie. Brochures, ads and other things from the hotdog stand are peppered throughout.  Alice  is a stuck-up, snotty teenager who comes home to find her father meddling with some kind of universal remote. Whenever she presses one of the buttons on the device, the whole family except for Alice changes ethnicity . During this, Alice gradually mutates into what is supposedly her "true form". Just when Alice thinks everything is back to normal, her father presses another button, revealing Alice\'s true form. Her family is absolutely horrified at the sight of Alice. The story ends with Professor Dayton, the mad scientist from down the street, using another remote control to turn Alice into a white rabbit. Notable in this story is the obvious link to Lewis Carroll\'s Alice in Wonderland. Victor, the vampire, makes an appearance in this story.  Jerry  is a part-time security guard who buys a radio from a homeless street vendor to replace his old one which has stopped working; however, this mysterious new radio is far from ordinary as it can have a conversation with Jerry. Very soon Jerry is stealing money and murdering people, all at the whim of his new radio. After escaping with a hooker who lives in his building, Jerry is told by the radio to kill the hooker or she will kill him. He refuses and destroys the radio. Right after, the hooker finds his gun in the car and shoots Jerry, killing him. Moments after she kills him and wipes the gun clean, she is shot in the head. The shooter is revealed to be the pimp living in the same building as Jerry. When the pimp returns to his car, another radio tells him to go and start a new life. Alice\'s father  also appears in this story, investigating the various murders and strange goings-on taking place. The killer call girl, Rachael, also makes an appearance in this story, as well as the pimp and the two boys from "The Professor\'s Wife".  Rachel, a murderous call girl, receives a request from a shy man named Victor, her newest client. Rachel thinks he will be just another easy victim. When Rachel gets there, scenes of a murdered family with their necks ripped out are flashed on-screen, and there is no evidence of Victor living in the house. Rachel then chains him to the bed and proceeds to stab him in the chest, suffocate him by a pillow over his face, and then has a quick shower. She then keeps hearing Victor\'s voice saying, "You killed me." Rachel removes the pillow and reveals a gruesome creature with a large, toothy mouth. It is then revealed that Victor is a vampire. He kills Rachel and hangs her in the room with the house owners whom he\'s already killed. The two young men from Professor\'s wife and the pimp from The Radio appear in this segment.  Two former students come to visit Professor Dayton and meet his fiancee, Kathy. Having been victims of his practical jokes in the past, they suspect that Kathy is actually a robot, which the professor has supposedly spent the last 20 years working on in his laboratory. She also behaves like a robot and does not eat or drink, which further indicates that she is probably mechanical. When the professor is out of the house, they decide to dismantle Kathy to see what she looks like on the inside. To their utter horror, they learn that Kathy really was a human being after all. The professor later buys an \'advanced\' voodoo kit from the homeless street vendor to put Kathy back together in time for the wedding. Rachael, the killer call girl, makes a brief appearance in this story.  A cruel, miserly doctor, Dr. Farwell, is working a 30-day court-ordered sentence at a free clinic, where he is very insolent and rude towards his patients. He even goes as far as to show no sympathy towards a young girl with a brain tumor and mocks an elderly woman who is going blind. One day he buys a hot dog. Dr. Farwell accidentally drops it on the ground. He sadistically decides to give the dirty hot dog to a homeless man who has been bothering him for some spare change. The homeless man dies after taking one bite, and he returns to haunt the cruel doctor. The story ends with the doctor having a heart attack from having had too many encounters with his ghostly stalker. Victor from "Call Girl" also appears in this segment, and he seems to be in cahoots with Dr. Farwell. The homeless man can be heard muttering, "Thanks for the good dog" to Dr. Farwell throughout the segment, which is no doubt a reference to the somewhat similar "Thanks for the ride, lady!" line from Creepshow 2s final story, "The Hitch-Hiker". The Hispanic woman from "Alice" also makes an appearance in this story. Also, it is revealed that the street vendor/homeless man got the two radios from the professor in "The Professor\'s Wife".'] ['Sarah Zoltanne  is a teenager who recently moved from Los Angeles to Pine Crest with her mother, Rosemary . Always having been an outsider, she is not very welcomed by her classmates at school. Especially the popular group , including Kyra Thompson , Eric Garrett , Debbie Murdock , Kevin Lane , and Misty  are rude to her, criticizing her unusual clothes and attitude. She also meets Charlie Gorman ([[Ben Foster , who is considered the school geek because he also doesn\'t quite fit in and works in a family owned occult bookstore. Sarah and Charlie get along fairly well. Sarah is soon bothered with phone calls from a mysterious person, saying "I\'ve been waiting for you." Being a supporter of wicca, she isn\'t very worried. Later on, Kyra and Eric, who are a couple, break into her house and tell her the house was inhabited by Sarah Lancaster  in 1698, a young woman who was in love with a man who was already engaged to another woman. According to Kyra, Sarah later lost her mind and was put into a mental hospital. Not much later, the man she was in love with died, along with his fiancée. The townspeople thought that Sarah\'s ghost was responsible, and burned her at the stake following the accusation of witchcraft. Before dying, Sarah Lancaster casts a curse that has been passed down through the town\'s history, which indicates she may return for revenge: 5 descendants in a row, Generations yet to know. Powers cast their fiery glow, secrets only witches know. Kyra and Eric then persuade her to participate on a prank, pretending to be a psychic at a party, which she agrees to. At the party, Sarah is given a microphone, so Kyra can secretly provide her all the secrets of her customers, however, after Kyra leaves the microphone unattended, an unknown person gives Sarah disturbing information about Debbie  and Misty, revealing the abusive relationship of her parents. Misty freaks out and leaves the party in anger. While driving home, she is attacked and scared to death by a masked killer using a glove in which long, spiked protrusions have been attached. Before she dies, she hears the killer whisper "I\'ve been waiting for you." The next day, upon hearing the news, the popular group immediately suspect Sarah for the murder, thinking that she might be the reincarnation of Sarah Lancaster, coming back for revenge on the descendants of the people responsible for burning her. Sarah insists that the information was given to her by Kyra, but Kyra states that she set the microphone down and has proof that she was elsewhere . Soon, other people of the Descendants Club are targeted by the masked killer, each hearing the same phrase whispered before or during the attack; "I\'ve been waiting for you." Kevin is attacked while in the school locker room and is killed, but both Eric and Debbie are able to escape their attacks, Debbie sustaining a beauty-marring injury to her face. Charlie is also targeted, barely escaping a fire set by the masked killer in his bookstore, and when Sarah questions why he would be , he reveals to her that he is actually also a descendant, but that the others are unaware of this. Although they had been working together to unravel the mystery of the killer, Charlie feels that he must back off from his friendship with Sarah, unsure about whether she is or is not behind the attacks. Meanwhile, the popular group are certain that Sarah is responsible, and to save their own lives, they decide that they must burn her. Eric, pretending to be interested in taking Sarah on a date, lures her to his SUV, only to tie her up with help of Debbie and Kyra. They take her to a clearing with wooden poles and tie her to one with the intention of burning her at the sake for witchcraft. Trying to distract them long enough to escape or talk sense into them, she begins to tell them all the information she has been gathering about the descendants and their families, informing them that there is actually a 6th descendant that they are unaware of . She also reveals that Debbie has slept with Eric, which makes Kyra angry enough to turn on Debbie. While they are accusing each other, with Sarah insisting it isn\'t either of them, they are attacked by the masked killer. Sarah is able to get free and, after a struggle, they are able to overpower the killer. When they unmask him, it turns out that Charlie is the killer, having made the glove in shop, during school. Before he is arrested, he reveals that his mother was a descendant, as well, but she was driven out of town by the other families when she turned up pregnant, but was unmarried. His attacks were actually revenge for the townspeople driving his mother away, and had nothing to do with the legend of Sarah Lancaster. Later, when Sarah returns home, Ted Rankin ([[Tom Dugan , their history teacher who has been dating Sarah\'s mother, Rosemary, is revealed to also be involved in the murders; it is implied that Charlie may have been his illegitimate son, but this is never confirmed because, after attacking Sarah\'s mother and being overpowered by Sarah, he leaves town and cannot be located. A month later, Sarah is settling into the town and her place at school. She is dating Eric and seems to be adjusting, normally. As she waits for Eric to meet her, Sarah visits the grave of Sarah Lancaster, and while clearing it free of leaves and debris, her voiceover states that Sarah Lancaster had indeed returned, but that some methods were better than others for dealing with revenge and that the townspeople had been relaying the curse incorrectly all these years; she repeats it while kneeling over Sarah Lancaster\'s grave: 6 descendants in a row, Generations yet to know. Powers cast their fiery glow, secrets only witches know. And then states, quietly, with a mysterious smile. "Two down... 4 to go." Eric arrives and, while hugging him, she whispers in his ear, "I\'ve been waiting for you...."'] ['{{Plot}} It is Labor Day weekend, 1946. Young, virginal Ida Parsons innocuously plays as her father hosts a raucous party. Amid the festivities, an older, drunken man named Tom Rice staggers outside and propositions Ida. When she refuses, he chases her into the woods and brutally rapes her; her dogs break out of their pen and they attack and fatally maul Ida\'s rapist. After the credits, the movie picks up in 1982. Preppy brothers Eric and Nick are borrowing their father\'s yacht to take their girlfriends, Sandy and Donna, on a weekend outing along with their sister, Carla. At the outset of the trip, Nick demonstrates his intent to be the "alpha male" of the trip, insisting that he be the one to pilot the yacht and at one point pulling a gun on Eric to demonstrate his authority. As the tensions rise between Nick and Eric, Donna and Carla engage in girl-talk, and geeky Carla silently laments that she is the sole member of the cruise who came along without a significant other. That night, fog settles in; Eric and Nick, hearing cries out on the water, discover and rescue a shipwrecked fisherman named Bert. Bert informs them that he wrecked offshore Dog Island, the home of lumber baroness Ida Parsons, who has used her family fortune to hole herself up on the island for the past thirty-five years; now she only makes two annual voyages onto the mainland for necessary supplies, and has never spoken to anyone during these trips. Recovering from the onset of hypothermia, Bert tells the quintet a campfire story about the savagery of the wild dogs which roam Ida\'s island, acting as her sentries. The story, coupled with the cries of wild animals coming from the nearby island, startle Nick enough that he runs on top of the yacht and tries to speed back to the mainland; instead, he wrecks it, damaging the fuel line and causing it to explode. Donna, Eric, Sandy, Nick, and Bert wash up on Dog Island; Bert has been seriously wounded, and Carla is nowhere to be found. Seeking to reclaim his macho status, Nick wanders off into the woods, and is subsequently killed by a hulking figure that breaks down the shed where Nick hides. The next morning, Sandy and Eric go off onto the island, hoping that Ida Parsons will help them get back to the mainland. Shortly after they leave the beach, Bert goes into shock, and Donna desperately tries to warm him by stripping to the waist and lying topless across his shirtless torso; seconds later, the same figure which killed Nick sneaks up behind Donna and Bert, fatally hurling Donna against a rock wall and decapitating Bert. At the center of the island, Sandy and Eric discover Ida\'s fortified cabin, as well as the fact that all of Ida\'s dogs have died long ago, their mutilated skeletons lying in their pens. In Ida\'s boathouse, the duo discover Carla alive hiding under a tarp; she apparently washed up at another point on the beach and made it to the compound in the middle of the night. In the course of exploring Ida\'s compound, Eric, Sandy and Carla discover a dust-covered nursery full of antique toys, and a cobweb-covered crib; they also discover Ida Parson\'s diary, which contains insane, rambling passages about giving birth to a sick child, which she intends to keep sinless by secluding him from all the evils of the outside world. They figure something traumatic must\'ve happened to Ida to cause her to write such things, and reach the conclusion that Ida\'s son has died, causing her to become delusional. As they continue exploring the house, Sandy comes across Ida\'s skeletal corpse, positioned in repose in her bedroom. The kids listen to something growling in the basement and become frightened, and decide to collect supplies and head back to the shore to collect the rest of their party so they can formulate an escape from the island in Ida\'s old rowboat. Even so, they go in the basement to see what they can use. But then they find the dead bodies of Nick and Donna, panic and run away back to the beach. Eric and Sandy decide that the one who did it must be Ida Parson\'s son, left insane by his life of solitude under the care of the imbalanced Ida; with nothing to do but learn from Ida and explore the wilderness, he\'s become immensely strong, a capable tracker and hunter, and is thoroughly convinced that all outsiders are a threat to him and his mother. With the death of Ida, he was left without any basis for reality, and ended up eating the dogs to survive—and has now turned to people. Eric and Sandy go back to the house and get the matches that Sandy dropped earlier. Ida\'s son attacks, breaking down the door. Eric attempts to fight using a broken branch, but the mutant grapples with him and fatally breaks Eric\'s back; once it has killed Eric, it turns it attention to Sandy and chases her upstairs into his mother\'s bedroom, where Sandy wraps a blanket around her head and, playing Ida, convinces the mutant to leave his mother\'s bedroom. But when Sandy leaves the room, the mutant is there and pursues Sandy out of the house and to the boathouse. Sandy runs headlong into Carla at the boathouse and the mutant, close behind, grabs Carla and crushes her face and kills her. Sandy manages to lure the man into Ida\'s boathouse, which she sets on fire; Ida\'s son is mortally burned in the blaze, but still manages to leap from the water and attack Sandy, chasing her up a hill where she yanks a sharp signpost from the ground and impales the mutant with it. As he dies, we finally see his burned and deformed face. Traumatized by the death of her friends and the murder she has been forced to commit, Sandy sits alone on Ida\'s dock, strongly resembling a scarred and traumatized Ida.'] ['At a junior high school dance in 1988, outcast student Jeremy Melton asks four popular girls to dance. Three girls, Shelley, Lily and Paige reject him cruelly; while the fourth girl, Kate, kindly turns down his offer that perhaps she would later. Their overweight friend Dorothy accepts Jeremy\'s invitation and they proceed to secretly make out underneath the bleachers. When a group of school bullies discover the pair, Dorothy claims that Jeremy sexually assaulted her, causing the boys to publicly strip and severely beat him up, and his nose bleeds heavily. Later in the film, Paige reveals Jeremy was sent to a reform school as punishment for his alleged "assault". Thirteen years later, Shelley , a medical student, is at the morgue practicing for her medical exams. After receiving a vulgar Valentine\'s card and being pursued by a killer wearing a Cupid\'s mask, Shelley\'s throat is slit as she hides in a body bag; the killer\'s nose is seen to bleed as he performs the act. Her friends are questioned at her funeral but nothing is concluded. All the girls except Kate  and Paige  receive cards in the same fashion as Shelley. Dorothy  who is now much thinner receives a card, which reads "Roses are red, Violets are blue, They\'ll need dental records to identify you". Her boyfriend, Campbell loses his apartment and stays with her. Lily  receives a box of chocolates and a card which says "You are what you eat". She then takes a bite of one of the chocolates, and vomits upon realizing that there are maggots inside the chocolates. As the girls attend Lily\'s artist boyfriend Max\'s exhibit, they meet Campbell\'s bitter ex-girlfriend Ruthie who tells them off. Lily is isolated and confronted by the killer, who proceeds to shoot her repeatedly with arrows until she falls several floors into a dumpster. When they have not heard from Lily, the others assume she is out for LA on a work trip. Upon contacting the police, they agree that the culprit could be Jeremy Melton. Meanwhile Kate\'s neighbor is killed by the cupid killer with a hot iron pressed to his face and then bludgeoned with it. As Valentine\'s Day approaches, Dorothy is planning a theme party at her house. Campbell is killed with an axe to the back the day of the party as he relights the hot furnace, after being revealed as a con-man who is using Dorothy to gain access to her vast inheritance. The others assume he has simply left Dorothy after duping her, angering Dorothy, who believes that they are jealous. After coming to the party to confront Dorothy with the truth about Campbell, Ruthie is thrown through a shower window by the killer who then impales her neck on the glass. At the party, Paige is attacked and trapped in a hot tub by the killer, who proceeds to try and kill her with a drill. After cutting her, he opens the lid of the hot tub and throws the electric drill into the water, electrocuting her. The party disintegrates when the power cuts out, and Dorothy and Kate argue over who the killer is. Kate claims that Campbell could be a suspect because they do not know anything about him, while Dorothy counters by accusing Adam , Kate\'s recovering alcoholic on-off boyfriend. After being told by Lily\'s boyfriend that she did not arrive in Los Angeles as planned, Kate realizes she is also probably dead, and calls the detective assigned to the case. After dialing the number, she follows the sound of a ring tone outside the house and discovers the detective\'s severed head in the pond. Kate then becomes convinced that Adam is actually Jeremy, disguised by reconstructive surgery, and goes back into the house, only to find Adam waiting for her. To her surprise, he asks her to dance, and they dance together for a while until she becomes frightened, kneeing him in the groin and escaping. She runs through the house, discovering Paige, Campbell and Ruthie\'s corpses. She locates a gun, but someone in the Cupid\'s mask jumps out and runs into Kate resulting in knocking the gun from her hand and sending them both tumbling down a staircase. The supposed killer arises and is shot by Adam who appears at the top of the stairs using Kate\'s gun, shocking and confusing Kate. As she apologizes profusely, Adam pulls off the Cupid\'s mask to reveal the killer as Dorothy. Adam forgives Kate, explaining that childhood trauma can lead to lifelong anger and some people are eventually forced to act on that anger. As Kate and Adam wait for the police to arrive, they hug as Adam says he has always loved her. Moments later, as Kate closes her eyes as they wait for the police to arrive, his nose begins to bleed, indicating that he is Jeremy Melton after all.'] ["Joan Burrows  returns to her hometown to attend her niece Olympia's  high school graduation, but finds herself confronted by her past in the town. Before the graduation is to occur, a young couple goes missing and within a few days a mutilated body is found in the water during a town fish festival. This initiates flashbacks in which Joan's dark past is learned. When Joan was 16, she and her best friend were kidnapped and tortured by a serial killer by the name of Bishop . Bishop bound Joan and her friend to an autopsy table where one girl was tortured while the other had the power to make it stop simply by demanding the death of the friend."] ["A new life is starting for Angie, who’s leaving the embrace of her religious mother for college studies. She applies for a babysitting job after realizing she will need to find a job to support herself in college. She finds herself on a remote farm before the Stanton  family and their adorable little boy, Sam. But Angie’s first night of work might just be her last. Alone in the vast and sprawling house, anonymous phone calls begin to shatter her peace of mind. The calls soon turn into a face to face confrontation with a hulking beast of a man who breaks through the front door. Angie must fight for her life to protect herself and Sam. Angie then realizes that Sam is a born child of the devil, and the man who broke in was a priest that discovered the family's horrible secret. Sam 's mother and father return home and they reveal they are just as evil, hiding their possessed child's secret with a hat to hide his horns and feeding him babysitters they reel in, and Angie was one of the babysitters. They hold Angie hostage, and she manages to fight back for a while, and when the police arrive, she, with the help of an officer she called earlier, they kill the family, but Sam appears, kills the officer, and chases Angie into the barn where she seemingly defeats him as well. Angie wakes up in a hospital and the police inform her they didn't find a little boy, much to Angie's horror. It is then shown that Sam is alive, now with another family, with the mother putting up flyers for a needed babysitter; just another one to reel in..."] ['Claudia Wagner dreams of being a lawyer and, along with her boyfriend Sonny, must put all her knowledge into use when, one by one, her girlfriends become victim to a serial killer. Can she uncover his identity before she becomes the next victim?'] ["Veteran cop Mike Turner  is brought in to help solve a string of baffling satanic homicides. He soon finds himself along with Capt. Hodges  seeking to catch a murderous psycho called Bishop  who's gone on a killing spree during New Orleans' Mardi Gras. Only problem is that this killer has lost his soul to the devil and is no longer human... but a seemingly indestructible demonic being, intent on destroying the lives of everyone around Mike; and shall not stop until he has cost Mike not just his life... but his soul."] ["On a two-lane highway, two serial killers clash in a turf war: one is named Wheeler  who kills hitchhikers he picks up in his truck, and the other is named Walker  who is a hitchhiker who murders whoever gives him a ride. Stacia , a recently divorced woman, falls in between the battle of wits. After a transport bus breaks down, Wheeler and Walker kill the driver and passengers &mdash; save for Stacia, who left previously. Fascinated, Wheeler and Walker examine each others' victims. Wheeler murders a woman  and hangs her body in the truck, and pistol whips and decapitates a man with the sliding door of the luggage compartment. Walker garrotes the bus driver with a dead snake, shoots a passenger, leaves another passenger to die tied by her wrists to a tree and wrapped in barbed wire , slaughters a punk, and partially skins his girlfriend before killing her. Later, at a roadside motel, the two psychopaths play head games with each other and Stacia, clashing over who will get to kill her. As she is leaving the motel, Wheeler offers her a ride then assaults her while driving, handcuffing her to the car. He finds Walker on the highway, standing in the lane, and brakes to a stop just before hitting him. Walker accepts a ride, and the two bicker and draw their pistols, ready to kill Stacia and each other. Stacia, sitting in the middle, slams on the brakes and sends the two murderers through the windshield onto the road and causes the truck's cab to fall on its side. Stacia unsuccessfully struggles to get Wheeler's gun, while the wounded Wheeler and Walker fight to determine who will kill her as an ambulance siren sounds. In the end, Wheeler and Walker are side by side in the ambulance, still fighting and cursing at one another. Finally, they cease and declares a truce, as Walker attempts to strike a deal with Wheeler as he points out how much fun the two off them could have with an ambulance, revealing that he still has his craft knife he used to torture the stoner's girlfriend. However, one of the EMTs rams syringes into their chests, apparently killing them both, as the new killer tells the driver that after they had eliminated their competition they plan to save Stacia  for later."] ['A group of explorers go hiking in the forests of northern California. While exploring, they stumble upon an old mine which mined gold in the gold rush of 1849. In the depths of the mine, they find a large amount of gold that they, of course, take. However, what they do not know is that the gold belonged to a miner named Jerimiah Stone, who died in the mine. He has awaken from the dead and is planning on killing anyone who gets in the way of his gold, extracting revenge in whatever way he can.'] ['A group of three psychopaths on the run from the law go about terrorizing the local townsfolk of a small community before descending on an isolated farm which is home to a young girl named Lisa and her paralyzed grandfather. After suffering much humiliation at the hands of the gang, Lisa takes a ghastly, murderous revenge.'] ['{{Plot}} The story starts off with Kent  pleading for his young son not to eat an ice cream cone. As the child questions him, Kent shakingly answers that its bad for him, but to no avail&nbsp;– the ice cream is eaten and Kent shockingly dissolves into a puddle of melted ice cream himself. Cut to Kent\'s funeral and a speech is being made with some of his childhood friends present. One, named Layne Banixter , has recently moved back with his family&nbsp;– wife and two kids. He observes a shaggy individual hiding in the trees with a smirk, then leaving. While Layne is at a pub owned by his old friend Papa Joe , another friend, Toot , is drinking himself into a stupor, rambling about the suspicious circumstances in which Kent died. Apparently, another death occurred before this one with no body found, just the clothes. Toot argues that Kent was in a closed casket because there was nothing of him but his clothes either. He ends up passing out, after telling Papa Joe quietly that all this trouble started since Layne came back to town. Layne has a short conversation with Papa Joe, asking him if Toot will be taken care of. Assured, he heads home. On the way there, he observes several children in a coma-like state outside  clutching coins and an eerie chant of "We all scream for ice cream..." wafting quietly through the night. Concerned, Layne drives off before noticing his windows frosting up and suddenly notices his own young son standing in the way of the oncoming vehicle. Panicking, he brakes and questions the child. He too is holding a coin and answers that he doesn\'t want to miss the ice cream man. He carries the boy into the house and confronts his wife about what just happened. Noticeably concerned, Layne begins to tell her of his childhood, the gang and the local ice-cream man named Buster ([[William Forsythe . He was a decent soul who drove an ice-cream truck and wore a clown suit. He was a friend to the kids as he was generous and often performed tricks for them. Layne and his group are standing by, watching his usual antics with the children when another kid joins them. The neighborhood bully, Virgil Constance , is disliked by the others but manages to drag them along for his stunts. He approaches Buster and begins taunting him, finally pulling off his clown nose revealing a burnt stub&nbsp;– Buster has no real nose. The poor man falls to his knees, hiding it and in obvious distress. Layne ends the story there, stating that one day Buster simply died. He gets a phone call from Papa Joe and arrives at the scene of the Toot\'s death&nbsp;– his clothes in a pile of something soft and gooey. The man who was driving him home states that he saw a wild-eyed man with long hair as soon as he found the remains. Both Layne and Joe know that it was Virgil. When his wife wakes up the next morning, Layne asks her to take the kids to her mother . She refuses and demands to know what part of the story he omitted. Distressed, Layne tells her that Virgil planned a prank on Buster whereby once he was distracted, one of them would start his truck and make it roll down the hill. While Buster is asked to get change for a five and then made to drop the coins, Virgil forces Layne to start the truck which begins rolling straight towards the ice-cream man. Too busy picking up coins to notice, Buster is run over by the truck and dies immediately from the injuries. The kids are frightened and scatter. That night, Layne goes to see the adult Virgil &nbsp;– the shaggy man he spotted at the funeral and the last person to see the drunk man alive. He finds him in a run down place that looks like a used car lot&nbsp;– one of them being the Cheery Time ice-cream truck that Buster drove. Virgil is in a tub, spitting one insult after another at Layne who only wants to know what happened. Virgil tells him about the drunk man melting because of his kid eating an ice cream shaped like a man. He then laughs at Layne because he does not have any kids though he has had a few women. Meanwhile, a ghostly ice-cream truck stops in front of a little girl and a horrible scabbed hand of Buster the ice-cream man hands the girl a treat. Upon the girl biting into it, Layne witnesses Virgil simply melt away into the tub, shaking and screaming as layers of skin and flesh roll off him like ice-cream, exposing his bones. After sending his family to his mother-in-law, Layne tests out the outside sprinklers as well as places some ordinary strawberry ice-cream into one of Buster\'s ice-cream wrappers he found earlier. Papa Joe\'s son succumbs to the treat, killing his father as he melts in his car. Layne\'s wife\'s car stops as her doors and windows are frosted over, the children hear the alluring tune of "We all scream for ice-cream..." and run out of the car. Layne hears the same tune and, carrying a small cooler, walks outside for a showdown. Buster\'s vengeful spirit offers an ice-cream to Layne\'s kids as they show up, entranced. As they fight over it, Layne and Buster struggle together until Layne turns on the garden sprinklers, freezing the clown. This does not stop Buster but Layne\'s son sees an ice-cream which fell out of his father\'s cooler and takes out of the wrapper an ice-cream made by Layne which is shaped exactly like Buster. One bite and the clown dies just like his previous victims. In the next scene we see the family outside the car, all ready to move to a new place. As everyone gets in, Layne hears the old creepy tune again and the film ends with a flash of Buster the ice-cream man\'s rotten face.'] ["When Melissa Morgan , an attractive big-city girl, moves to a small Texas town, she creates quite a stir with her beauty and promiscuous attitude. She's 15 going on 25, and all the boys at her new school are anxious to get to know her. But when the younger brother of a local hellraiser  is brutally murdered, the town sheriff  must try to solve the killings before the killer strikes again. Along to help him is his Nancy Drew-ish daughter ."] [':Note: The story is explained here in its chronological order, rather than the way it unfolds in the film. Trevor and Faith are a happy couple who decide to buy a home together. After purchasing their new house, Trevor is cleaning the attic and discovers a chest. In the chest there is a staircase, under which he finds a book of black magic that only he can read. He begins studying the book, and starts to perform rituals with Faith. In an effort to gain even greater power, he and Faith perform a ritual in an attempt to merge their two consciousnesses. The ritual goes wrong, and Faith suffers a violent death. Trevor calls the police. Years later, Trevor appears in a hospital. Apparently having been found insane, he is now under the care of Dr. Ek. The doctor has learned about the book Trevor found, and wants to use it for his own means - one of which, he later admits, is to cure all mental illness. It is around this time that Dr. Coffee comes to stay at the sanitarium and study under Dr. Ek. Trevor seems to have forgotten much of his past including practicing black magic and killing Faith. Dr. Ek talks with Trevor, trying to help him regain any previous memories about where Trevor may have hidden the book. At first Ek is very coy about his intentions. He worries that if Trevor knows the value of the book and his intent, he won\'t willingly surrender it. Dr. Ek sends Trevor to be rehabilitated at "The House of Love." While Trevor thinks he\'s being sent to a recovery facility filed with other patients, he is actually being sent to his former house which is now filled with actors pretending to be patients. He interacts with the other patients, and eventually befriends Douglas. While he thinks Douglas is just as oblivious to the strange happenings in the house, Douglas is actually trying to get Trevor to sneak around the house  and expose the location of the book. Ronald pretends to confess secrets of the house, hoping it will motivate Trevor to explore more. As Douglas and Trevor\'s conversations and expeditions continue, Trevor develops an interest in Amy - another supposed patient. While Amy seduces and has sex with Trevor, the first "murder" takes place. As time goes on, several more fake murders are orchestrated in an attempt to build urgency and get Trevor to continue exploring. Unhappy with his results so far, Dr. Ek commits further surgery on Trevor. As Dr. Coffee\'s skepticism builds, Dr. Ek also subjects Trevor to several medications and hallucinogens. In his drugged state, Trevor communicates with Faith who now appears to be searching for the book as well. She explains to Trevor his past, the truth about the House of Love, and Dr. Ek\'s actual intent. She has sex with Trevor and tries to manipulate him into giving her the book. Dr. Ek has another conversation with Trevor, and sends him back to the House of Love. Previously murdered characters are seen alive, just as they were the first time Trevor came to the house. While Trevor remembers his previous time here, the actors continue to pretend he has never been here before. The charade breaks down and actors begin to confess the ruse. Trevor suspects Faith will attempt to possess one of them in a final attempt to find the book. Observing all of this on the monitors, Dr. Coffee and Dr. Ek have a fight over Dr. Ek\'s methods. Dr. Ek drugs Dr. Coffee in a fit of rage. Dr. Ek eventually accepts the experiment\'s failure. He sends two orderlies to the house and begins to pack up and leave the sanitarium. Thinking Faith has possessed Amy, he kills her. As the orderlies arrive at the house, Douglas  kills them and goes looking for Trevor. They run through the house, and Trevor eventually knocks Douglas down and makes his way to the attic. Douglas follows him down the stairs within the chest, and Trevor kills him. Trevor begins to see the situation playing out the way it did when he killed Faith in her own physical body. He attempts to make his way out of the Attic while another version of his consciousness is knocking on the chest. In the final scene, Trevor is seen pulling himself into the chest.'] ["The adventure tells of a shy librarian, Deborah , who inherits the old and not very tolerable cinema of her father, to protect the family from the shame of bankruptcy. She finally takes the reins in the hand independently, discovers her inner serial killer, waiting with new short films. She does this with the help of her assistant Mr. Twiggs, two insane twins and a robber. When his best friend Judy disappears, Steven discovers the truth about Deborah's actions and tries to stop her as she attempts to murder the audience during her premiere of her feature length film, which is about the audience's deaths. Steven manages to rescue Judy and the audience escapes, killing Mr. Twiggs and the robber as they try to stop them. Deborah kidnapps Steven's mom and takes her to the roof to kill her where Steven confronts her. When Steven points out how disappointed her father would be, Deborah gets emotional, allowing Steven's mom to break free and stab her in the neck with her own knife. Steven then pushes her off the roof to her death. Most of the audience survives and escapes and when the twins come out, the police try to arrest them. Instead of surrendering, they turn on each other and stab each other repeatedly, killing each other. The news talks to Steven about Deborah's movies and the possibility of her actions becoming a movie which he doubts will happen, commenting that if it was a movie, Deborah would rise from the dead by now. As he leaves, a worker causes Deborah's body to move and she seems to stare right at him, freaking him out slightly."] ["By day, Dr. Frankenstein  works innocuously in his lab. But at night, he works to perfect Mosaico , a monstrosity pieced together from dead bodies. Once completed, the behemoth escapes from the lab and embarks on a killing spree. Local beauties begin popping up dead, murdered in a variety of gruesome ways, as authorities attempt to stop Mosaico's rampage."] ["Aura , a young woman suffering from anorexia escapes from a psychiatric hospital and meets a young man, David , who offers to let her stay with him rather than go back to the hospital. However, Aura is soon caught, but her return to the hospital coincides with the start of a string of murders of hospital staff members, past and present. The killer decapitates them using a home-made garrote device on rainy days. When her father is murdered along with her mother, Aura and David team up to find the killer. In the end, it is revealed that Aura's mother  is the killer. Years earlier, Dr. Lloyd  was given the task of delivering Aura's brother, Nicolas. However, his clumsiness combined with a power outage  led to him slicing off the newborn infant's head as he was being delivered. The head nurse during the delivery convinces the doctor to forcibly subject Aura's mother to electroshock treatment against her will, hoping that it would erase all memory of the blotched delivery/death of her son, allowing for the staff to cover up their causing her child's death. Holding the two hostage, Aura's mother is ultimately killed by a young child who had discovered the mother's crimes and ultimately uses her own murder device against her to save her captives."] ["The ghostly serial killer returns once again from beyond the grave; this time, during the eve of Day of the Dead, to haunt a Los Angeles art gallery owner named Caroline McKeever, a distant relative of the Candyman  in order for him to claim her soul so she will be next to him. In the meantime, the Candyman goes about killing all those associated with Caroline  in his usual gory ways with his hook and making it appear to the authorities that Caroline is the one responsible for the killings. Particularly when seasoned police detective  L.V. Sacco dies, which not only brings the whole local police department down on her head; but puts her in the firing line of Sacco's equally bigoted partner Lt. Det. Samuel Deacon Kraft who has no intention of bringing her in alive."] ["In 1932 Siam, a ravenous female ghost named Pop is ravaging the village of Sam Kotr, Roi Et, killing all the men. An exorcist is brought in, and he wraps the ghost in magical rope, which should bind her forever, or so it is thought. Flash forward to 2000, it is the start of a new school term, and a group of university students have arrived from Bangkok to take part in a rural development project in Sam Kotr. Some of the boys spy on their beautiful female classmate, Ker, while she is bathing in the river. Accidentally, they break open a sealed well and unknowingly release the ancient ghost Pop. The ghost possesses Ker, and when the students return to the capital, the spirit is with them. Inhabiting Ker, the ghost becomes hungry again, turning Ker into a nymphomaniac. She cannot get enough men. Ker invites one classmate out for a date. Making out in the car after a movie, she transforms into the demon ghost and runs her hand into the man's body. He survives, but it is later revealed that his liver is gone. Ker's friends notice a change in her behavior, especially after she uses her long tongue to clean a plate of liver, and she transforms into the scary demon. Eventually a mysterious man named Kong appears and shows the students how to dispatch the ghost by using condoms. But the spirit simply takes possession of other bodies, jumping from body to body in order to escape and survive. Kong then equips the students with a special camera and other weapons needed to combat the ghost."] ['The film follows a fathers attempt to rescue his teenage daughter from a tribe of man eating primitives who have made her their queen.'] ["Sick Girl is the story of Izzy Shea , a girl who wants to protect her younger brother, have sex with her older brother and torture everyone else out in the barn. Izzy is raising her younger brother, Kevin, by herself. Their parents are deceased and her older brother, Rusty, is away in the Marines. When Izzy learns that her little brother is being bullied at school, she does what any unstable, psychopathic, homicidal sister would do.Sick Girl The movie starts out with Izzy waiting for the school bus. In the back are two popular girls who make several snide remarks about her. One of the girl's boyfriend is following the bus route in his car with his friend. The girls drop a pair of panties out the window, and if her boyfriend finds them, he'll be rewarded. After Izzy attacks one of the nuns on the bus for seemingly no reason, she's kicked off and begins to walk back along the road. She runs into the two boys, and lures the friend out of the car. She kills him, and the other boy quickly discovers the scene. Izzy chases him across a field and tackles him. The scene ends, and now we see Izzy cleaning herself up in a bathroom. She is covered in blood and is completely unfazed by this. Clips are shown of Izzy finding a gun in the boys' car, and her holding the school bus hostage, seemingly killing everyone. She chases the two popular girls off the bus, and with the gun and a can of gasoline, she quickly catches one of the girls. The other watches in horror as Izzy kills her friend. Izzy returns home, and we see a flashback sequence of Rusty training Izzy how to fight in their garage. The two share a moment of sibling fondness, but it is cut short by the arrival of Rusty's girlfriend. The flashback sequence ends, and Izzy finds their family friend, Barnie, teaching Kevin how to throw a punch. Izzy soon learns the motives behind the lesson: Barn saw some school bullies hassling Kevin after school. Izzy decides she'll try to help defend her brother, but Kevin brushes her off, saying he can handle it himself. He then asks why Rusty hasn't called, pointing out that another kid's father is stationed where Rusty is, and he calls all the time. Izzy gets really mad and screams at Kevin, saying that Rusty is the greatest Marine to ever live. Kevin is shocked by her reaction, but quickly recovers. With another flashback, we see Rusty informing Izzy he's joining the Marines, leaving her to watch Kevin. Izzy kisses him, and Rusty walks away, shocked. Back in present times, she opens the trunk of the car she stole from the two boys. In the back are the boyfriend and the other school girl. Both are bound and gagged , but the boy looks unconscious or dead. The girl begs for release, but Izzy only taunts her, showing no remorse. Kevin and Barn talk in a restaurant, and Kevin reveals that his teacher's rat, Edward, has gone missing. The teacher asks his students to please return the rat, no questions asked. After school, Tommy—the bully—and his two minions corner Kevin. They have been starving Edward, and plan on letting Edward feed on Kevin—whether their motives are real or not is interrupted by Izzy. The three bullies run off, and Izzy promises to take Edward back to the teacher. Kevin thanks her, and hurries off to his ride home with Barn. Izzy does not return the rat, but goes to the teacher anyway. There, she threatens him, saying that he better take better care of Kevin than he did the rat. As one of Tommy's friends is walking home, Izzy drives up along side him and begins to question him. It is revealed that Tommy is in the trunk of the car, and Izzy kidnaps Rudi after her interrogation. The other friend, Corey, is kidnapped by Izzy from his house, and the three are taken to the shore of a nearby lake. She torments Tommy, saying that he'll only beat up those who are weaker than he is, which is only okay if you also take on things bigger than you. That being said, Tommy drowns Rudi in the lake after Izzy's encouragement. After Rudi dies, Tommy is then told to kill Corey by slitting his throat. Corey protests, and Tommy stabs him in the back. Izzy is holding her three hostages—the school girl and her boyfriend, and Tommy—in the barn, as well as Edward the rat. After toying with them a little, Izzy puts a sack over Tommy’s head, knocks him out with a shovel, and lets Edward feast on him. Later, she leaves Edward on the teacher’s porch. Because Kevin has a passion for Bonsai trees, Izzy breaks several of Tommy’s limbs with a hammer, and using Christmas lights, ties him up in a gruesome fashion. Kevin, Barnie, and Izzy open their Christmas presents. Kevin opens a package from Izzy and finds the gun that she had stolen from the two boys. Barnie thinks it’s fake, but Izzy tells him it’s real. Barnie questions her motives, angry that she’d give a young kid such a gift. On the evening news, Izzy discovers that the police think that the boyfriend, Michael, along with the other schoolgirl, were involved in the ‘school bus massacre’, and the disappearance of the school bullies. The police disclose information about the last sightings of them, which includes a description of Michael’s car. Izzy burns it, and as she walks back along the road, and a guy driving by gives her a lift. Izzy remains wary of him, but he doesn’t try to harm her. The subject of family comes up, and Izzy tells him she’s already married—to a Marine—and has one child, but wants another one when her husband returns from the war. Back at home, Izzy is tormented by a flashback of Rusty just before he left kissing his girlfriend goodbye. The flashback enrages her, and she quickly goes to the girlfriend’s house and suffocates her. The following morning, Izzy goes to the barn to her two remaining hostages. She cuts off the penis of Michael, and puts together a makeshift strap-on with a large spike attached to a piece of wood. Meanwhile, Barnie and Kevin return home from grocery shopping. As Izzy begins to rape Stephanie with the strap-on, Barnie enters the barn, and is shocked to find Izzy’s sick experiments. She impales him with an axe, and as Barnie falls to the ground, Kevin is revealed standing behind him, and he too sees the torture. He runs inside the house, and Izzy follows him. She tries to calm him, but he takes the gun and shoots himself in the head before her eyes. She becomes hysterical, and burns down the barn. In a flashback to an undetermined previous time, two Marines go to her house. Although there is no sound in this scene, it’s obvious they are there to tell her that Rusty died in the war. She lashes out at them, and the movie ends."] ["Orphaned at age 10 when his parents were brutally murdered, every night Alex dreams the same dream: cornered by a man in a wolf's mask, a knife is brought to Alex's throat, and then he wakes. But waking moments confirm his worst fears, and soon Alex is trapped in a tangle of suspicions, lies, and fear. Reality fades into terror as he is left alone to fight the relentless force that haunts his Deadly Dreams."] ['The film starts in medias res. A boy with a large birthmark covering one eye is running frantically through a blizzard in Jotunheimen, being pursued. Eventually, he stumbles, and his unseen pursuer catches up to him. Despite his pleas, the person proceeds to bury him alive in the snow. The film then introduces the protagonists: A group of friends in their late teens going on a snowboard vacation to Jotunheimen. They are Eirik; the oldest, who has a mature sense of duty; Jannicke, Eirik\'s strong-willed girlfriend; Mikal, the \'cool\' guy of the group; Ingunn, Mikal\'s girlfriend who\'s not too sure of herself; and Morten Tobias, the jokester and entertainer of the group. The group are driving in their car towards Jotunheimen. When they arrive, they climb the first mountain, and are stunned by the magnificent view. The gang immediately whip out their snowboards and surf down the mountain slopes, but unfortunately, Morten breaks his leg. They treat it the best they can but realize they can\'t care for it properly out in the wilderness. They spot a hotel, and decide to seek help there. When they get to the hotel, Eirik soon discovers that there are no people resident. He breaks in through a window and unlocks a door, then Mikal and Jannicke proceeds to lie Morten down on a couch in the parlor. They then treat the broken leg with alcohol and superglue. Eirik, Mikal and Ingunn later go to explore the abandoned resort, while Jannicke stays to keep Morten company. The three discover the electric generator of the hotel. Eirik fixes the generator and power is restored to the resort. Afterwards, Mikal and Ingunn run off by themselves. While exploring the various hotel suites, they discover a room in particular disarray with the window broken, and Ingunn is slightly shocked to find blood and small amounts of hair on a glass shard. Eirik, on his way back to the parlor, hears a clanking noise deeper down the cellar, and assumes it\'s Mikal and Ingunn. He calls for them to be more careful, but he receives no reply. With the lights back on, music playing and plentiful amounts of food and alcohol, the group are all quite content and have a great time in the parlor. Jannicke finds the hotel\'s guestbook and discovers that the last guest checked in sometime during 1975, and under the names of the last registered guests, there is a message reading: "We hope you find your son". Inside the book, there is a picture of a family. And the boy is the same one who was being chased and buried in snow during the opening sequence. What the group does not know is that a mysterious figure has been watching them since they arrived, roaming about the hotel without them knowing.'] ['Sara Wexler is lonely teenager who attempts to commit suicide by running in front of a car. However, she is only injured before being discovered by Sheriff Berger. He takes her to hospital, where the notorious serial killer Jonathan Chambers, whom Berger captured, is being detained. Chambers is then executed in the electric chair, but the police do not know that he survived by making a deal with the devil. Chambers now has supernatural powers and begins to slaughter everyone in the hospital, including Berger. Meanwhile, Sara and another teenager called Walter, who was sent to hospital after accidentally being impaled on his own rake, try to escape from the hospital but find that all exits are locked. Chambers then confronts Sara and explains that he needs her to help him because she has a power which will make him immortal. She declines the offer and flees from him. Eventually she defeats Chambers by opening a portal to hell and sending him through it. In the final scene, however, it is revealed that Chambers\'s personality has passed into her. {| class="wikitable" |+Cast !Actor !Character |- |Meredith Henderson |Sara Wexler |- |Nathan Stephenson |Walter |- |Robert Englund |Sheriff Berger |- |James Binkly |Jonathan Chambers |}'] ['According to an old Nordic legend, a Berserker was a bloodthirsty warrior who ate human flesh, forbidden a restful death and fated to be reincarnated in their blood kin. Six college students accidentally stumble across the Berserker legend when they vacation in a campground in Rainbow Valley, an area settled by Norwegian immigrants. The camp is abuzz with rumours of a wild bear killing people in the area, including speculation about an old couple who get lost. But is it really a bear?'] ['The film begins with a young man named Nic  being chased by two police officers  for selling cocaine. A week later, Nic, his partner-in-crime Ray-Ray  and three other delinquents: Eddie , Ce-Ce  and the shy Charlotte Davis  are taken by two detention officers, Denise Martinez and Harris Redding  to Loxahatchee Canon, where there is a detention center for the delinquents to stay in order for them to pay for their crimes. On the way down, their engine blows in the middle of nowhere, with no cell phone reception, no gas stations nearby and no hope. The men then head out to get a signal on Redding\'s cellphone, where they find a house nearby. Ray-Ray breaks into the house to find a working phone when suddenly, a gunshot is heard and Ray-Ray falls down on the ground with a shotgun bullet in his chest. The men are then greeted by a redneck local named Lilly , who threatens to shoot them next if they don\'t leave. When the group refuses, she points the gun at Eddie and just before she pulls the trigger, Redding shoots her in the head with his gun, who proclaims: "Don\'t fuck with my kids". Redding tells them to get Ray-Ray back to the van while he searches for a phone. On the way back, they hear another gunshot, warning them that there are more rednecks out there. Believing that Redding is dead, the men quickly head back. They get back to the van and find out that they don\'t have a medical kit with them. Warning them about the rednecks, the group head out to find a phone booth. About an hour later, they find another house belonging to a voodoo priestess named Kadja Boszo , who tells them that she can try to help Ray-Ray with her magic, but proclaims that if Ray-Ray chooses to stay alive, he\'ll be alive. If he doesn\'t, he would be dead. Meanwhile, Ce-Ce tells the group a story that her grandmother told her about, an evil spirit named Killjoy, therefore proving that the events of the previous film never occurred. Nic, intrigued and believing that Killjoy can help Ray-Ray, bribes Ce-Ce with cocaine if she can bring Killjoy to life. After seemingly to have failed, Nic yells at Ce-Ce and she goes to cry about it in an outhouse. Suddenly a pair of teeth chatters its way through the outhouse and off-screen, starts killing her. The teeth chatters its way out and a gloved hand picks it up and puts the teeth back in his mouth, revealing him to be...Killjoy! . Killjoy heads back to the house where he bumps into Eddie, who is pumping water out of a water pump. Killjoy, by using his telekinetic powers, lifts Eddie up off of the ground and impales him onto the pump. Back inside the house, Nic arrives and gets told that Ray-Ray choose not to stay and now he\'s dead, and Ce-Ce and Eddie are missing. Nic heads out to go find them and takes Ms. Martinez\'s gun for protection. Outside, he runs into Killjoy. Realizing he killed Eddie and Ce-Ce, he shoots him a few times but nothing happens. Killjoy, with his powers, magically makes Nic kill himself with his pocket knife. Ms. Martinez, Charlotte and Kadja, now the only people left alive, now discuss how to kill Killjoy. Kadja tells them that there is a spell to put him away for good, but before that can be accomplished, Killjoy uses his powers to slash Kadja\'s throat as she makes her way outside to confront him. Killjoy enters the house, knocks out Ms. Martinez and just as he\'s about to kill Charlotte, Redding comes back, and just as he and Killjoy are about to fight, Charlotte pours Holy Water on Killjoy\'s face, melting his head and killing him. The next day, Charlotte, Ms. Martinez and Redding are taken out of the wilderness by a ranger .'] ["After a brief courtship, a man marries an enchanting woman, and then things begin to go terribly wrong. During their honeymoon on the foggy Oregon coast, he discovers her shocking secrets as those around them begin to die horrible and violent deaths, one by one. He soon learns that you really don't know someone until you marry them."] ['{{plot}} The place is Helverton, Colorado. Fifteen-year-old Genevieve Gage  and her best friend Tiana Moore  are typical high school students who spend their idle time surfing the Internet and sending messages to strangers via chat rooms. Upon "meeting" another apparent student who goes by the screen name of "Captain Howdy," Genevieve and Tiana decide to attend a party at Captain Howdy\'s house. As it turns out, Captain Howdy has lured them into a trap. What Captain Howdy doesn\'t know is that Genevieve\'s father is local cop Mike Gage ([[Kevin Gage , whose wife is named Toni . When neither Genevieve nor Tiana has returned home by the next morning, Toni alerts Mike. With the assistance of a younger cop named Steve Christian , Gage begins searching for Genevieve and Tiana. The case takes an unexpected turn when Tiana\'s car is pulled out of a lake. Tiana\'s tortured body is found in the car\'s trunk with her mouth stitched shut, and there is no sign of Genevieve. Mike discovers that Captain Howdy is into "body art" that includes great quantities of tattooing, piercing, branding, and scarification. But it is not until Mike\'s niece Angela Stravelli  informs him of Genevieve\'s penchant for meeting strangers through the Internet that Mike gets his first lead. Meeting the mysterious Captain Howdy online, Mike gets Captain Howdy to invite him to a party, but Mike\'s planned bust goes awry. Later, however, he figures out Captain Howdy\'s location, and finds Captain Howdy\'s torture chamber. Gage not only finds Genevieve naked and bound, with her mouth stitched shut, but also five other teenagers who are in similar predicaments. After a brief struggle in which Captain Howdy gets shot, Mike arrests him, whose real name is Carlton Hendricks . Mike thinks he has closed the case. But a year later, Hendricks is declared not guilty by reason of insanity and he is put in the Meistrich Psychiatric Institute. Three years later, Hendricks is released. Doctors at the Meistrich Institute state that Hendricks, who has been diagnosed as a schizophrenic with a severe chemical imbalance, is okay as long as he is on his medication. Hendricks moves back to his old neighborhood. While he\'s under the influence of his medicine, Hendricks is timid and apologetic about what he did. But, the memories of what Hendricks did are still fresh in the minds of Helverton\'s residents. There are people who are not happy about Hendricks release—especially an activist group led by Jackson Roth  and Catherine "Sunny" Macintosh . One night while Roth\'s teenage daughter Kelly  is out, a fearful Roth jumps to the wrong conclusion that Hendricks could have taken Kelly. Roth calls Catherine and a bunch of others. Roth and his group kidnap Hendricks, and on the way from Hendricks\'s property, Hendricks accidentally drops his medicine bottle, and the medicine bottle is run over by a car\'s rear tire. Roth and the group beat Hendricks and hang him from a tree. As Roth, Catherine, and the others leave, it starts raining. The rope, which turns out to be weak, snaps, saving Hendricks life. Without his medication, however, he reverts to being Captain Howdy, this time with revenge on his mind...revenge on Roth, Catherine, and Mike. Later, Hendricks kills Madeline in front of Roth. Hendricks knocks Roth unconscious and kidnaps him. Hendricks contacts Mike at the police station. By this time, Hendricks has also kidnapped Catherine. After Hendricks hangs up with Mike, Hendricks brutally tortures Roth and Catherine. The next day, Toni calls Mike and tells him that Genevieve is missing, and when Mike gets home with Steve, Hendricks\'s face is on Toni\'s computer screen. Hendricks has Genevieve and her mouth is stitched shut again. Hendricks tortures Genevieve while Mike and Toni watch the screen. After Hendricks disconnects, Genevieve, Roth, and Catherine are soon found alive, but brutally tortured. That night, Mike tracks Hendricks to a church. After a long struggle, Hendricks stands ready to kill Mike with a hook. Mike sinks the hook into Hendricks\'s back, slams Hendricks into a wall, and then uses the hook to lift Hendricks off the floor. Mike pours a flammable liquid on Hendricks, and presumably kills Hendricks by setting him on fire.'] ['In 1960, in the sleepy mining town of Valentine Bluffs, a methane gas explosion at Hanniger Coal Mine trapped five miners in a shaft when the foremen of the crew left early to attend the town\'s Valentine\'s Day dance. Six weeks later, the sole survivor of the accident, Harry Warden, was rescued; he survived by eating his dead coworkers and ultimately went mad. After a year in a mental institution, he escaped on Valentine\'s Day, killing and cutting out the heart of the guilty foreman, leaving a warning that the same would happen if the town ever again held a Valentine\'s Day celebration. With the legend of Harry Warden nothing but a distant memory, a group of young miners and their girlfriends decide that the town has gone without a party long enough. As the night of the dance approaches, a murderous maniac in mining gear begins dispatching townsfolk in bloody and creative ways. The town sheriff and mayor quickly deduce it must be Harry Warden, who was returned to the institution, though their attempts to confirm Warden\'s status are hindered. Despite the murders, the young adults continue with their plans for a dance, laughing off the "stories" of the murderous Harry Warden. Finally the night of the dance is reached and as the Miner dispatches off several partiers, a group decides to venture into the mines to explore and impress the women. Realizing that a killer is on the loose, a rescue party composed of best friends T.J. and Axel go after the others and Sarah, who both men love. The Miner has indeed followed them into the mine, killing most of the group, Happy was pick axed through his neck through his eyes, and dragged him, later on he also kills John by putting his head on the hot pot, and Sylvia who was hanged on the pipe using her head, Dave and Harriet, impaling them. Hollis saw Dave and Harriet\'s body and he was killed using the nail Gun and he falls off on the front of the group, forcing Howard, T.J., Axel, Sarah and Patty to try to escape. Howard makes his own way and separates to the group, He was killed at the top, his head was tied with a rope, and forced to be dragged down, separating his head from the body while the group climbs up on the ladder making his body fall on the Ground, Patty screams and the group was forced again down to the mine, Axel appears to be killed  then T.J was separated from the two girls, While Sarah and Patty searching for the exit, Patty is murdered with an pick axe. Sarah stumbles and runs, until T.J founds her. On the surface the Mayor and Sheriff find out that Harry Warden died 5 years ago and are preparing to lead a group of men into the mines. In the mine, the Miner attacks T.J. and Sarah on a moving rail line and the fight eventually is forced into an abandoned shaft where the integrity of the ceiling is in doubt. The Miner is revealed to be in fact not Warden, but Axel. A flashback reveals that he witnessed the murder of his father, one of the foremen, by Harry Warden when he was a boy. The ceiling then collapses, burying Axel alive. Only his arm is visible, but as rescue efforts are taken it is soon discovered that Axel has cut off his own arm to escape. Through the hole in the wall, T.J., Sarah and the police watch as the deranged and delusional Axel tells T.J. that he will be waiting in Hell for him. Axel runs deeper into the mine calling out to Harry Warden, telling him that he is coming. He warns them that he and Harry will be coming back and asks Sarah to be his "Bloody Valentine". The film ends as Axel runs deeper into the mine singing "Daddy gone away, Harry Warden made you pay" to himself. The screen fades to black and the audience can hear the sound of Harry Warden laughing, but he stops as the credits roll.'] ['After a disturbing title sequence establishing dread and foreboding in a salvage yard, the film proper begins with Claire closing out her graveyard shift at the convenience store. She is to be picked up by her boyfriend and driven home but instead someone else, who identifies himself as "Duke" is driving her boyfriend\'s truck. After an unsettling ride home during which Duke makes increasingly overt sexual comments about her, Claire closes herself into the safety of her house, but Duke shows up at her door again, claiming she has dropped an earring. Claire refuses to let him in, and he drops the earring on her front porch and apparently leaves. Claire spends several agonizing moments crouched in the doorway retrieving the earring, but upon successfully recapturing it and pulling the door closed, finds her back door has swung open. Duke has entered the house from the rear and proceeds to brutally murder Claire. Claire awakens at the convenience store again, and all seems well. She decides that she has had a bad dream. She begins to repeat her day, except this time her boyfriend does come to pick her up, and she makes it home and to school. However, unsettling hints begin to appear. The sequence of events once again leads to a moment where Claire is being murdered, and she again awakens in the convenience store. As each sequence leads towards her death, she hears from time to time people who she trusts talking just out of earshot about how she is "catching on." Finally she puts together the clues and realizes that not only has Duke been killed by the local police, but that she herself is missing and presumed dead, as is her boyfriend Jimmy.'] ['In the woods outside the small affluent town of Cherry Falls, Virginia, a teen-aged couple, Rod Harper  and Stacy Twelfmann  are getting romantic in a car when a black-haired female appears and murders them both. Meanwhile, in town, teenager Jody Marken  - the daughter of the local sheriff - is with her boyfriend, Kenny , who thinks it is time to go "all the way." Jody gently says no, then goes back home only to find her father, Brent , upset that she is out past her curfew. Brent and his deputies begin to investigate the murders the next day. They see that the killer carved the word "virgin" into both victims. At school, Brent sees English teacher Mr. Marliston , who urges him to divulge more details of the murder to students and the town so as to eliminate the possibility of secrets. Soon, the apparent black-haired female kills another teen - Annette Duwald, who is also a virgin. Concerned for the town\'s safety, Brent holds a meeting at the high school to tell parents the nature of the crimes.  The killer appears, kills Timmy, and strikes at Jody, but her father rescues her. Word gets out in Cherry Falls about how virgins are being targeted. The school\'s worst fears are confirmed when a large-scale orgy is planned outside of city limits. At the police station, Jody describes the killer to an officer, who draws a composite. Brent confides with an old friend, Tom Sisler,  that the suspect looks like "Lora Lee Sherman." The two are both visibly nervous, and Jody listens in on their conversation. Later at school, Jody and Kenny reconcile, and later Jody learns from her mother about the tale of Lora Lee. 25 years ago, Lora Lee was a high school loner. She claimed that four popular boys at school - including Brent, and the high school principal - raped her one night. Her cries fell on deaf ears and she left the city for the rural outskirts, where she was rarely seen or heard from again. After Jody discovers the truth, disappointed with the hypocrisy of her parents, she visits Kenny at his house. They talk, and Jody being upset with her parents, tries to pressure sex on Kenny. He refuses, pushing her away stating how he would rather have sex with her because she wants to. She leaves and they end things between them. The night the student orgy begins, Brent goes to the school for a meeting with Sisler but he finds him dead in his office with the words "virgin not" carved into his forehead before Brent is knocked out and abducted by the killer and dragged away. Jody is riding her bike that night, as she has refused to have sex with Kenny at the party. She bikes by Marliston\'s house as he is dragging a heavy trunk inside. When Jody opens the trunk and sees her bloody father inside, she is knocked unconscious. At the orgy, Kenny is there with a girl who he plans to have sex with, but after thinking, changes his mind and goes to find Jody. He drives to find her but strangely sees her bicycle outside of a house. Downstairs in that house, Marliston puts on a wig and makeup to "become" Lora Lee Sherman. Marliston reveals that he is Lora Lee Sherman\'s illegitimate son, then asks Brent to retell the story of what happened that night 25 years ago. Brent reveals that the four boys - including himself when he was very intoxicated - did indeed rape Lora Lee. Marliston says his mother became an abusive "psycho" after the rape and gave birth to a son  fathered by one of the rapists. With a close-up of both Brent and Marliston\'s  eyes, it is strongly implied that Brent is in fact Marliston\'s biological father. By frightening virgins, Marliston anticipated a large high school orgy , which would thereby rob all the wealthy parents of their precious children\'s virginity . Kenny enters the house and frees Jody. Brent battles with Marliston, losing his life in the battle. Jody and Kenny flee to the orgy. Marliston follows and kills a deputy. He heads inside with an axe and mass panic erupts. After stabbing panicking students and then trying to escape, Marliston battles Jody and Kenny and he succeeds in severely wounding Kenny. Eventually, Marliston is pushed off a balcony by Jody and impaled on fence posts. At first, he seems dead but then he awakens briefly and is promptly killed by Deputy Mina who unloads two pistols into him. The next day, Jody and her mother head away from the police station after submitting a distorted version of the truth but not before Jody sees a vision of someone resembling Lora Lee Sherman.Top Ten High School Horror Movies'] ['The film opens with flashbacks of the past Nightmare on Elm Street films as Freddy Krueger longs for when he was feared by children. Trapped once more and unable to escape because the parents of Springwood figured out how to keep the children from remembering him, he locates Jason Voorhees in Hell and disguises himself as Jason\'s mother. He convinces Jason to rise again and go to Springwood to slaughter the teens; though Jason will kill the teenagers, Freddy will be blamed, and thus their growing fear will allow him to escape his prison once more. Jason arrives on Elm Street, sneaking into the house where Nancy Thompson and Jesse Walsh used to live, now owned by Lori Campbell and her widowed father. While Lori and her friends Kia, Gibb, Blake and Trey are in the house, Jason kills Trey using his machete. The group is taken in to the police for questioning. After overhearing several police officers discussing Freddy, Lori falls asleep and has a dream about him, allowing him to gain some of his powers back. Freddy then tries to attack Blake in his dreams, but is unable to harm him, as he doesn\'t have enough power yet to do so. Until he does, Freddy decides, he\'ll "let Jason have some fun." Blake awakens to find his father beheaded, sitting next to him, and is, a moment later, killed by Jason. In order to avert suspicion from Freddy, the police claim that Blake killed Trey and his father, and then took his own life. Lori has recurring dreams about Freddy and tells Kia and Gibb about it. She is reunited with her boyfriend, Will Rollins and his friend Mark, who were institutionalized in Westin Hills Asylum and escaped after hearing of the murders on Elm Street. At a rave, Gibb falls asleep and is attacked by Freddy after he took the form of the deceased Trey to lure her into his trap while another person at the rave attempts to rape her. Before Freddy can kill Gibb, Jason appears and kills them both, angering Freddy, who realizes that Jason is now attacking his [Freddy\'s] victims and won\'t stop. Jason goes beserk at the Rave, killing several people. Afterward, Will, Lori, Kia, and two fellow students – Freeburg and Linderman – escape and meet up with officer Stubbs, who believes the murders are being committed by a Jason copycat. The group pieces together Freddy\'s original plan and that he is losing control of Jason. Realizing they need Hypnocil to prevent them from dreaming, they break into Westin Hills. In the meantime, Freddy kills Mark as a message to the others that Freddy has returned. While at Westin Hills, Freddy possesses Freeburg to stop the group from taking Hypnocil. After killing one of the sanitarium\'s guards, Jason electrocutes Stubbs and is then confronted by Freddy in Freeburg\'s body. Freddy succeeds in injecting Jason with tranquillizers, but Jason kills Freeburg before succumbing to the sedative. In the dream world, Jason realizes he was tricked by Freddy and a battle ensues between the two. While Freddy is unable to kill Jason at first, he soon discovers Jason\'s fear of water and exploits this weakness, turning Jason into a child and then bringing him into a nightmare of his childhood. Lori comes up with the idea to drive unconscious Jason back to Crystal Lake, while she goes into the dream world to find Freddy and pull him into the real world and pit the two against each other, hoping Jason will win because he\'ll be re-energised by being back at "home". Furthermore if Jason kills Freddy, he will be at Crystal Lake and will not come after the group when he\'s finished. In the dream, Lori sees Freddy attempting to drown Jason and unwillingly wakes Jason up, who attacks the group, who have now arrived at Crystal Lake. Freddy, enraged, brings Lori into a nightmare, which reveals that he was the one who killed her mother, before attempting to kill Lori. After nearly getting molested by Freddy, Lori awakens and drags him in the waking world after her arm gets burned. Jason attacks Freddy, who is somewhat paralyzed by his ironic fear of fire, and throws him through the burning cabin\'s roof. Lori, Will, Kia and Linderman try to escape, but Linderman is wounded and dies soon afterwards. Kia tries to save Lori and Will from Freddy by taunting him about Jason being superior over him, but she is brutally killed by Jason, who was behind her. Freddy and Jason continue their battle and Lori decides to stay until she is assured of Freddy\'s death. While Freddy is no match for Jason\'s physical power, he\'s still able to wound Jason because of his dominant speed and agility, even gaining possession of Jason\'s machete. During their fight, Lori and Will burn the propane gas tanks at the docks to blow both Freddy and Jason up. When the fire starts to spread, Jason rips off Freddy\'s clawed arm and Freddy drives the machete into Jason\'s chest. Lori and Will dive under the dock as the gas tanks start burning and seconds later, they explode, sending Freddy and Jason into the lake. Freddy comes back and attempts to kill Lori with Jason\'s machete, but before he can, Jason attacks from behind, stabbing Freddy with his own clawed glove before falling into Crystal Lake; though it is not made clear as to whether he did so to continue fighting Freddy or to help Lori since she saved him earlier. Fatally wounded, Freddy drops the machete and kneels at the dock helplessly. Lori picks up the machete, then beheads Freddy and throws the machete into the lake as Jason gives her a respectful looking gaze and sinks into Crystal Lake. Lori and Will depart, but the next morning Jason rises from the water, alive and carrying his machete and Freddy\'s severed head, appearing to be the victor. However, Freddy\'s head then winks at the audience and his laugh can be heard as the screen cuts to black.'] ['An extremist right-wing candidate is elected to the French presidency, sparking riots in Paris. Hoping to escape Paris but needing cash, Alex, Tom, Farid, the pregnant Yasmine, and her brother Sami take advantage of the chaos to pull off a robbery. Sami is shot and the group splits up: Alex and Yasmine take Sami to a hospital, and Tom and Farid take the money to a family-run inn near the border. Innkeepers Gilberte and Klaudia claim their rooms are free and seduce the two men. At the hospital, the emergency room staff report Sami\'s injury to the police. Sami insists Yasmine run before the police catch her. His dying wish is that Yasmine not have an abortion. Alex and Yasmine flee, phoning their friends for directions to the inn. Tom and Farid give them directions but soon after are brutally attacked by Gilberte, Klaudia, and Goetz. When Tom and Farid try to escape, Goetz runs their car off a cliff. The injured men wander into a mine shaft, where Tom is quickly recaptured. Farid must fend for himself in the mine with the family\'s rejected children. Unaware of the danger, Alex and Yasmine arrive at the inn and are captured by the family. Alex and Yasmine are chained in a muddy floored pig pen. Alex breaks Yasmine\'s chains and allows her to escape. When the captors discover Yasmine\'s escape, the father of the family, von Geisler, cut Alex\'s achilles tendons. Meanwhile in the mine, Farid finds the storage area for the victims. The family realizes something is amiss in the mine, and Hans chases Farid into a boiler where Farid is cooked alive. Yasmine flees from the inn but is quickly picked back up by Goetz. Back in the pig pen, von Geisler personally grants Alex\'s last wish, which is to be put down quickly. Initially, von Geisler wishes for Karl to "wed" Yasmine to carry on the family lineage, but when von Geisler learns she is already pregnant, he entrusts her to the meek Eva. Eva tells Yasmine that she came to the family in a very similar manner and that she is obedient because the family promised her that her parents would return for her some day. Eva also tells Yasmine of the rejected children she and Hans care for in the mine. Eventually, Eva leads Yasmine down to dinner, where the family awaits her. Von Geisler is revealed to be a former  Nazi. Von Geisler offers up a toast to the new blood and Yasmine quickly grabs a large knife and takes von Geisler hostage. Hans grabs a shotgun and shoots and kills von Geisler in the confusion; Karl shoots Hans dead in turn. Yasmine escapes and is chased by Karl and Goetz into the mine. Yasmine eventually makes her way into one of the body storage rooms where she fights with Goetz. After a bloody struggle, she repeatedly hits him with an axe before impaling him on a rotating table saw. Karl catches Yasmine as she tries to return to the surface, but Eva comes to the rescue, blowing off Karl\'s head. Yasmine searches for car keys, but is ambushed by Gilberte and Klaudia. During the shootout, Yasmine hits a gas tank, blowing up the room. Gilberte survives the explosion and attempts to kill Yasmine only to have her throat torn out by her. With everyone else dead, Yasmine tries to persuade Eva to leave with her, but Eva stays to take care of the children in the mine. On the road, Yasmine runs into a police blockade where she surrenders to the authorities.'] ['Five college students leave New York City for a weekend in the country, and 48&nbsp;hours later they vanished without a trace. To celebrate Miriam\'s  birthday, Aunt Gail  gives her use of a large country home in the Catskills for the weekend. Miriam invites her friends Cassy , Mark , Tanya  and Leo  to join her to celebrate. Miriam, Cassy and Tanya bring the food and Mark brings the beer. As an aspiring filmmaker, Leo brings his new video camera, hoping to create a short documentary of the weekend getaway. The five begin driving to the house. Soon they are bothered by a black van. They suspect it to be following them and they find out this is true when the van rolls up another time through a diner. Mark, Cassy\'s boyfriend chases away the van angry at the driver for stalking them. They eventually make it to the house and Aunt Gail comes to turn the power on and wish them a good night. The five party and drink with Leo filming the whole occasion. The next day, they take a hike to the woods which they soon get lost in the dark and are scared by the sound of some sort of echo location being used by the "stalker". They do eventually make it back to the house. Later when eating dinner, they receive phone calls with no one answering. A knock at the door is heard and they receive a video tape. They watch it and it reveals that they are being secretly video taped since they were on the road. They have been filmed and stalked by the same person in the maroon van and much to their horror, he has also been inside the house and in their rooms while they were asleep. The power goes out and Mark tries to find the stalker because they hear the echo location sounds come from a room. He enters the room and finds a two way radio that is on. While looking at the others, the door shuts because one of the stalkers was behind the open door. He then presumably kills Mark. The door slightly opens and scared, they run upstairs and hide. They come downstairs with Tanya holding the camera and Leo leading the way. They get outside but Leo finds something outside and tells them to run back but Tanya falls breaking the camera and all left is the audio sound of Tanya screaming and her and Leo\'s fate is left unknown. The other stalker in the car watches Miriam run screaming into the woods. He gets out and most probably catches her with her fate unknown as well. The stalker with the camera now looks around the house for Cassy. After going into the living room, he sees her come out from behind the couch and because the house is dark, the stalker can see her with his nightvision on the camera but Cassy is wandering blindly. He follows her watching how far she will get. She gets to the door but sees something outside  and the camera man makes the same echo location sound alerting her of his presence. He then lunges out at her leaving her fate unknown as well. The last piece of film shows the stalker with the camera in a park. While looking around he spots another group of friends filming. He then follows them on their trip.'] ['The movie is shot as a documentary set in a world where the killers depicted in famous slasher films are real. A female journalist named Taylor Gentry and her two cameramen, Doug and Todd, document the preparations of Leslie Vernon as he prepares to join the ranks of other slasher villains. Leslie takes his identity from an urban legend about a boy who killed his family and was cast into a river by angry townsfolk. He initially claims to be the vengeful spirit of the slain boy, but soon admits that he is an ordinary man named Leslie Mancuso who must rely on conventional tactics rather than supernatural powers. Taylor and her crew film Leslie\'s meticulous preparations to slaughter a number of teenagers in an abandoned house and then be confronted by a virginal "survivor girl", Kelly. Taylor and her crew come to share Leslie\'s enthusiasm for his project, but their consciences catch up with them on the night of the murders. They beg Leslie to call off his killing spree, but Leslie is adamant, believing that his survivor girl will define herself by facing him. Taylor and her crew abandon their documentary and at this point the film shifts from a documentary style to a traditional horror movie presentation. Taylor attempts to warn and rally the remaining teens together to fight Leslie, but Leslie\'s preparations repeatedly give him the upper hand. The group looks to Kelly for leadership, but she unexpectedly dies. Taylor quickly realizes that, as a virgin herself, she was Leslie\'s true survivor girl all along. Leslie continues picking off the group one-by-one until only Taylor remains. She faces Leslie and defeats him in the exact manner he had laid out for her, then burns down the shed in which he was defeated. She then runs into Doug and Doc Halloran who survived their encounters with Leslie. However, Leslie\'s preparations included learning to feign death and slathering himself with flame-retardant gel. Over the final credits, security camera footage reveals Leslie\'s charred body sitting up on an autopsy table, still alive, accompanied by the song "Psycho Killer" by The Talking Heads.'] ['{{plot}} The film opens with Brandon , Tony , Brittany  and Tiffa  arriving at the fast food restaurant "Hella Burger". While there, the group are continuously insulted over the intercom system, causing a furious Tony to enter. As he searches, he is attacked by the restaurant\'s mascot, Horny the Clown. Brandon soon enters, only to find Tony dead in the deep fat fryer before he is attacked and butchered by Horny with a meat cleaver. Horny proceeds outside and murders Brittany and Tiffa. Meanwhile, Mackenzie  is having a house party with her boyfriend Fisher , and friends Val , Van  and Starfire . The group find a ouija board and decide to ask it what their future will hold, to which the ouija board spells out "N1KLPL8", a message that is unclear until the next day when the group see a news bulletin, showing the message is the license plate on Brandon\'s car. The following day at school, Val is attacked by Horny in the locker room. Mackenzie complains that someone stole her camera at the party, but after school the janitor, Lenny , gives her the camera. Mackenzie stays behind to develop the photos, to find they reveal the deaths of the four murdered teenagers. Horny chases Mackenzie into the gymnasium, where she finds Val\'s head has been placed in a modified microwave, that when turned on causes her head to explode. Horny chases Mackenzie throughout the school, where she finds Lenny has been hung, before bumping into a police officer, who fails to find any bodies. Mackenzie is taken down to the police station with her Mom, Marcia  and Dad, Bill  to be questioned by Detective Brenda  and Detective Dwayne . The two detectives don\'t believe Mackenzie\'s story however, and suspect Lenny as the killer. The next day, the detectives visit Jack Benjamin , the owner of Hella Burger, who proves to be no help in solving the case. That night, Mackenzie and Fisher get ready to work at a carnivals haunted house. As they work, they have an argument with Chad  and Tina , before they go into the ride. Suddenly, the lights are switched off and Chad is decapitated, before Tina is stabbed to death by Horny. Mackenzie and Starfire enter the haunted house after it breaks down. They find Fisher in a state of shock after witnessing the murders. Mackenzie goes to visit Fisher in the hospital with Marcia. Mackenzie becomes annoyed with Marcia as she believes she is hiding something from her, as all the murdered teenagers are the children of her old high-school friends. Detective Chase overhears this and questions Tinas father, Bert . Meanwhile, Fisher drugs Detective Crockers to get out of the hospital and Mackenzie receives a note from Horny saying "4:20". The pair meet up and realize the message is referring to 420 crew, consisting of Chuck , Spanky  and Carrie , who are stoned at the Hella Burger. Horny soon arrives and butchers Chuck and Spanky with his cleaver. As Mackenzie arrives home, Marcia tells her that when she was young, her and her friends accidentally murdered Archie Benjamin , Jack Benjamin\'s son, on his 18th birthday at Hella Burger. The group kept it a secret and the police thought it was an accident. After this, Mackenzie goes to visit Jack with Fisher, Starfire and Van. The group split up, but Van soon finds Starfire has been murdered, her corpse shoved into a freezer in the garage. Horny quickly appears and slices Van in half. Mackenzie and Fisher are next attacked, resulting in Mackenzie being knocked unconscious and Fisher being cornered. Horney somehow makes Fisher\'s eyes turn bloody red, before he throws him through a window. Meanwhile, Detective Chase and Detective Crockers come to the house and find Jack Benjamin behind his own bed, trying to hide from Archie. Mackenzie wakes up in a Hella Burger, bound to a chair, surrounded by her murdered friends. A birthday cake is in front of her, as it is now her birthday. Horny appears and pours gasoline over her, before Marcia arrives and shoots Horny. Marcia tries to free Mackenzie, but Horny is still alive and knocks out Marcia. While this happens, Mackenzie drinks a bottle of whiskey she had, and as Horny taunts her with a lit candle, she sprays the whiskey onto the flame, setting Horny on fire. Mackenzie and Marcia leave as Horny burns alive. Mackenzie and Marcia rush to the hospital to see Fisher, who was described as in critical condition. However, Fisher wakes up from his coma, still with blood shot eyes, revealing Archie has possessed him. Fisher escapes the hospital. Meanwhile, Detective Crockers is ordering food at Hella Burger before Horny jumps on his car and murders him through the windshield after saying, "Have a hella nice day!".'] ["T.P, one of the head counselors at a camp, is telling a scary story around a campfire to the campers and other counselors, which consist of Betsy, Ellie, Dave, Stacy, Bill, and Max the 40-year-old head counselor. After T.P. finishes his story, Max begins to tell of a man named Madman Marz, who killed his whole family with an axe, and was convicted, hit in the face with an axe, and hung for his crimes, only to break free of the noose and disappear into the woods. Max continues by saying that anyone who says his name above a whisper will awaken him and cause him to come back and kill that person. At that, Richie, a cocky teenager, stands up and screams Madman Marz, throwing a rock into his old house, smashing a window. Max, annoyed at Richie, ends the campfire, sending everyone to their cabins for the night, while he goes into town to retrieve supplies to help tear down the camp, since it was to end the next day. While they go back to the cabins, Richie sees Madman Marz up in a tree, and goes to see if it's really him. Everyone else gets back to camp, and Max and Dave try to retrieve the axe they had used to cut wood out of a log, but it is stuck. The cook, Dippy, comes out, and wishes them all a good night, before Marz comes in and rips his throat out, and rips the axe out of the log. T.P. tries to get Betsy to go out with him, but she refuses, causing a scene. After the kids have gone to sleep, the rest of the counselors see Max off and go into the rec room to relax. T.P apologizes for being rude to Betsy and she goes with him to have sex in the hot tub, all the while being watched by Madman Marz. After this, Dave is called out to Richie's cabin, and the boys there tell him that Richie never came back, so he goes and informs the others, who are all rejoined up with each other. T.P decides to go and find him, and sets off into the woods, carrying a flashlight. He comes across an opening and calls for Richie, who is busy wandering around the woods looking for Marz. All of a sudden, a noose falls over T.P's neck and lifts him up into the air on a tree branch. He grabs it and pulls himself up, only to have Marz grab his leg and pull him back down, snapping his neck on impact. Back at the camp, Betsy and Stacy begin to talk about T.P. Stacy believes that T.P only wants sex, and apologized because he knew he would get some, but Betsy thinks he's a nice guy who really likes her. Realizing that it has been a long time since T.P. left has passed, Dave decides to go find T.P and Richie. Dave ventures out into the woods and comes across T.P's hanging body. Panicked, he runs farther into the woods. Marz is behind him with the axe and begins to chase him. Dave finally falls over a fallen tree branch and is decapitated by Marz with the axe. Betsy wants to talk to T.P, but finds out that he's still gone and begins to worry. Richie, meanwhile, is still out in the woods, but is now looking for the road back to camp, or someone to take him back. Stacy decides to take the car down to see where everybody is, suspecting that T.P's playing a trick on them. So she gets into her car and drives out on the road, towards the woods by the campfire spot, and Marz's house, where we see him run out of. Stacy begins to look around for Dave, T.P, and Richie, but finds nothing, except an abandoned flashlight in the clearing where the two were killed, only T.P's body is now missing. Stacy begins to look around, and sees blood on the trees and starts to panic, running through the woods, until she spots Dave's head laying on the ground. She stifles her screams and rushes back to her car, and tries to drive away, only to have her engine stall, so she gets out and opens the hood, looking for the problem, when Marz jumps onto the car hood, smashing it down on Stacy, crushing her skull. Ellie and Bill have gone to have sex in the woods, leaving a worried Betsy back at camp. When she does not hear any word back, Betsy goes into the woods to find Ellie and Bill. Once she does, she tells them that she has to stay at camp to watch the kids and wait for the others to show up, and that Ellie and Bill should go and try to find them. Ellie and Bill get dressed and take Bill's car out to look for the others, while Betsy goes back to camp. While looking through the woods, Ellie sees Marz at Stacy's car, and begins to scream, making him run away and Bill come up to see what's wrong. She tells him that she saw a man there at Stacy's car, so both of them go up and decide to drive back to camp. The car will not start, and Bill gets out to see what's wrong, he sees Stacy's head on the engine. He gags, making Ellie curious enough to get out of the car and see, where she screams and has Bill knock it out with his flashlight. Then they get back in the car and hurriedly drive away, only reaching the end of the road, when Bill is pulled from the car window, causing the car to crash into a tree, and Ellie to fall out of the door and into a ditch. She looks up and watches in horror, as Bill has his back broken by Marz, and runs back to the camp. Betsy is in one of the girl's cabins and does not see Ellie come back and try to find her. Ellie then goes into the kitchen cabin and tries to find Betsy, but with no luck, she goes outside when Marz appears at the door, chasing her through the cabin until she hides in a refrigerator. Once she thinks he leaves, she climbs out and tries to leave, only to have him spring up and hit her with the axe. Betsy finally leaves the cabin and sees Marz running around the campgrounds, so she grabs a shotgun and quietly makes her way to the open-doored kitchen cabin, only to have Ellie pop up, causing her to shoot her friend in the face. Once she realizes that Ellie is dead, she runs and wakes up the kids, telling them to get into the bus they took to get there. They quickly do and she joins them, and begins to drive the bus away from camp, only to have Marz pop up at the door and try to get in. Betsy beats his hand with a metal baton, making him let go. Then she stops and has the oldest boy drive the rest to safety, while she goes to kill Marz and save her friends. So she gets out, and follows Marz to his house out in the woods. Once inside she tries not to make any noise, but makes a step creak, causing him to come at her in the darkness, where she shoots him with her rifle. He snatches it from her during a struggle, when he hits her in the face with his claw nails, ripping her face open. He then drags her towards the basement, while she tries to get away, but at the bottom, he shoves her up onto a coat hanger poker, but she pulls out a knife she had in her pocket, stabs him in the shoulder, causing him to knock over a candle. He presumably leaves after having knocked over the candle. While the candle begins to burn everything, we see all the people he had killed, including the skeletons of his wife and two children, T.P, Bill, Dave, Stacy, and now Betsy. The ending shows Max driving back to the camp and almost hitting a shaken Richie, who now says that Madman Marz is real."] ["English police are baffled after a number of children are brutally murdered. Alice  takes a profound interest in the murders as her own son, Daniel, was killed years ago and she is haunted by recurring nightmares. The event replays in her mind, as she remembers walking her son home late one night when they stop to rest on a park bench. They sit next to a clown, who gives Daniel a balloon. A man then rushes at them from the darkness and kills Daniel, injuring his mother. Alice clearly remembers the man's face. The same man has been spotted close to each of the murders in the current slayings. She confides this to Detective Weiss, the investigating officer. Alice finds and confronts the man, and holds a gun to his head but can't bring herself to kill him. She instead takes him prisoner in an effort to hear his story. The man's name is Sam and informs Alice that he is hunting a creature from hell who kills children. Alice is unsure whether to believe him when she receives a call informing her that another child has been killed in front of witnesses, who report the murderer as being a clown. It is now that she comes to the realization that it wasn't Sam who killed her child but the clown and that her memory was wrong. She agrees to help Sam, who has been present at the murders not as a perpetrator but as the hunter of the monster, known as the Hellbreed. Meanwhile, Detective Weiss has pulled up Alice's files and it is revealed that she has been committed to a mental institution in 1989. She escaped in 1995 and is still wanted by the authorities. Alice is handcuffed and taken to the institute. Outside they encounter the Hellbreed who kills Detective Weiss but leaves Alice unharmed and backs away. Sam arrives and kills the Hellbreed. The film is interspersed with footage of Alice being interviewed, supposedly back at the institution after the events occurred. In this way she acts as a narrator. It is seen at that Alice has not obtained peace and breaks down in front of the camera before the image fades to black."] ["While cleaning his father's rifle, Ed accidentally shoots his mother. His father never forgives him for killing his wife. Years pass and Ed is estranged from his father until he receives a message that he should visit his father at a remote beach house. Ed takes several friends who start meeting grisly ends in unlikely ways. Ed's father has become completely unhinged in the time he has spent alone. Ed's father is hunting Ed's friends and killing them one by one to get his revenge."] ['Sam Tiler  has been struggling to recover from the encounter with the Mutated Snowman known as Jack Frost , ever since he rampaged through his hometown last Christmas. To get away from the stress, Sam\'s wife, Anne  suggests a tropical vacation in a cabana far away in the Pacific for the wedding of his deputy, Joe Foster  and his secretary Marla . Sam reluctantly agrees, after reinforcement from his doctor . Meanwhile, the FBI has dug up the anti-freeze used to dissolve Jack in the first movie, attempting to test it for remains of the genetic material. One of the janitors  accidentally spills a cup of coffee into the tank of antifreeze, waking Jack up and causing him to reform and break free. He heads for the tropics, due to the idea that since Sam was wounded by Jack  in the first movie, and his blood dripped into the anti-freeze used to dissolve him, Jack is linked to Sam\'s psyche. Sam, Anne, Marla and Joe, arrive at the tropics to a greeting by the eccentric Colonel Hickering  and his assistants Captain Fun  and Bobby . The festivities quickly begin, but things get deadly when Jack washes ashore and kills three ladies by: transforming himself into an ice anvil and crushing Ashlea , impaling his icicles into Paisley , and stabbing a pair of tongs into Rose \'s eyes. The next morning, the Colonel discovers the bodies and tries to cover up the whole mess, as he does not want this to ruin his resort. However, the island\'s manager, Agent Manners , suspects that Jack has returned. Jack continues his rampage, killing a beach model named Sarah  by making her head explode  and stabbing her cameraman  to death with his carrot nose. Sam begins to suspect that something is amiss when he runs into Manners, who agrees to an alliance in order to stop Jack Frost. Sam, the Colonel, and Manners stage a trap to capture Jack. This fails as the snowman they capture was really the Colonel in costume. Jack, after slaying another beach model named Cindy  by drowning her in the pool by freezing it, decides that the tropics are a bit too warm and freezes the place, causing it to snow and freeze the lifeguard . The party guests begin to play around in snowball fights when Jack enters the fray, killing at least another dozen. Sam, Anne, Marla, Manners and Joe lock themselves up in their room, using anti freeze to keep Jack at bay. Sam and Manners decide to find help, and end up finding a room where the Colonel, Captain Fun, and Bobby have barricaded themselves in. Sam asks the three of them where they can find anti-freeze, to which Bobby suggests they use the coolant in the freezer . Luring Jack into a trap, Sam once again tricks Jack into a pool of anti-freeze. Unfortunately, this does not work, as Jack has become much more resilient to the anti-freeze due to his time in the lab. Jack spits out a snowball and flees, followed by Manners, into the woods. Sam, Anne, and the others observe a snowball. The snowball "hatches" and becomes a baby snowman, who kills Captain Fun. They trap the snowman in a blender and try many different ways of killing it, all of which fail. Meanwhile, Manners has followed Jack to a shed, where he sees that Jack has spit up many, many snowball children. He calls the others and tells them what he has seen, but before leaving he is attacked and devoured by the tiny snowmen. Sam, in panic since the antifreeze does not work, is pushed to the side as Anne takes charge in order get Joe and Colonel to go around the island to trap as many of the snowmen as they can until the supply boat  comes, while Bobby, Marla and Sam wait back in the kitchen. During the search, the snowmen kill seven more tourists. Eventually, Anne realizes that they can be killed by bananas, due to Sam being allergic to bananas. As a result, Jack would share the same vulnerabilities, since he absorbed some of Sam\'s genetics in Snowmonton. This angers Jack, who stabs Colonel through the head with an icicle from behind and slits Bobby\'s throat with another icicle. Marla and Joe flee and lock themselves in the freezer with Captain Fun\'s body, while Anne is attacked by Jack. Sam snaps out of his paranoia and shoots Jack with a banana attached to an arrow, causing him to explode. Anne and Sam embrace each other, and walk towards the ocean, prepared to leave the island with any of the other surviving guests. During the credits the two sailors on the supply boat are crushed by a giant carrot, implying Jack is still alive and that there will be a sequel. After the credits roll, we\'re shown that Joe and Marla were accidentally left in the freezer by Sam and Anne, and it\'s implied that the couple froze to death in the freezer.'] ['An epic tale about a group of tourists who go on whale watching expedition. During the expedition the ship breaks down and they are picked up by a nearby whaler.{{Cite web}} The Fishbillies on the vessel have just gone bust and everything goes out of control.{{Cite web}}'] ['When four girls go on a weekend trip to a lake, they start to have car problems on the way home and meet a local young man who takes them back to his farm where he lives with his father. Later, the father begins to murder three of the girls and tries to pin the crimes on his son by convincing him he is responsible for their deaths.'] ["The film opens with brief clips from the previous installment which the survivors Bozo, Hot Wheels, and Tuffy/Heroine 2 driving off into the sunrise. Whatever happened to them afterwards is unknown, as they are never seen again in future installments. As the movie begins, Biker Queen discovers the severed arm of Harley Mom from the previous film. Upon discovering the surviving Bartender, she tortures him into telling her who killed Harley Mom. He reveals that it was Bozo and points her to a town where he lives. She knocks Bartender out and takes him with her to the town. Meanwhile, the town is overrun by the monsters. A pair of small Mexican wrestlers named Thunder and Lightning are attacked by the monsters and Lightning's girlfriend is killed. Inside the jail, a hobo is in a cell for dealing meth. The Sheriff taunts him before being killed. A car salesman named Slasher finds evidence of his wife cheating and barely escapes the monsters. The following morning, Biker Queen and four of her friends arrive in the deserted town, ignoring the dead bodies as they look for Bozo and cross paths with Slasher, his wife Secrets and the man she has an affair with, Greg. The group is attacked by a monster, which kills one of the biker girls. The others and the Bartender make their way to Bozo's apartment, where they encounter Honey Pie, the girl who left the group from the first movie behind at the bar. Bartender brutally attacks her and knocks Honey Pie out of the window and onto the street. Honey Pie survives the fall and goes into hiding. Slasher, Greg and Secrets receive a call from the wrestlers, but before they find them they are ambushed by the bikers. Both groups get to a garage where the brothers and their grandmother are hiding. The group then tries to make it to the jail, but the hobo has sealed himself in. As the wrestlers try to fashion a skeleton key for the jailhouse, Greg dissects one of the monsters, gravely injuring the wrestlers' grandmother and also causing it to make a terrifying howl in the process. As a result, more monsters swarm the garage. The brothers return with the key but the group must go to the roof to escape the monsters. The survivors on the roof hear a baby crying, trapped inside a station wagon. The next morning, Greg tries to save the baby, but when he encounters a monster and his plan backfires, he throws the baby to the air, leaving him to the monster to eat as a distraction when he has trouble escaping. Meanwhile, Honey Pie, who has spent the night trapped in a store, is ambushed by one of the monsters. She manages to knock it out and uses its claws to make a hole in the bullet-proof glass of the store's door. As she is getting out, the monster regains consciousness and starts to chase her down the street. Trapped on the roof, the group fashions a catapult with Biker Queen's motorcycle and the biker girls' clothes. Using the wrestler's gravely injured grandmother to test it, they cause her to smash into a wall and die. Thunder gets onto the catapult but is thrown into the street where he is quickly attacked by the monsters and disemboweled. Greg is then severely injured when a pipe from the bike flies into his head. Meanwhile, Lightning crosses the street under the protection of a trashcan. Thunder, missing his legs, crawls away while Lightning picks up the key he had dropped. Lightning reaches the jailhouse, but as he opens the door the hobo throws a stick of dynamite out. Lightning ducks down in the trashcan to protect himself from the explosion and is launched across the street. Honey Pie, who made it to the border of the town, is injured by flying shrapnel and falls to the floor, apparently dead. The others watch as the monsters begin breaking onto the rooftop. Suddenly, Honey Pie gets up, screaming in anguish, and grabs her gun."] ["{{plot}} Three college girls, Terry, Nancy and Gloria, leave for a jazz concert. A thunderstorm begins to appear, when Nancy, speeding down the road, runs over a log, plummeting the car into a steep ravine. Terry awakes to find her and her friends alive, but sheltered in an old mansion in the middle of nowhere, owned by the Penrose's, Marion and her mother, and their groundskeeper/doctor friend, Norman. Gloria is the only one with serious injuries, so Marion suggests that they spend the night until Gloria is able to leave with them. Terry and Nancy are then invited to dinner, with Marion and her old, crippled mother. Mrs. Penrose then goes off on a tirade on how men are the worst things on earth, especially her ex-husband who cheated on her, and ruins dinner for everyone. The four then make their way to the living room and listen to Marion play the piano, while outside, a dirtied, grubby man appears, roaming around and looking menacingly into the windows. That night, Terry and Nancy begin to discuss how weird the family is at the house, and Terry finds a tooth under her bed. Nancy then decides that one of them should go through the woods into town and get help, and flips a coin, finding that she's the one who has to do it. Later that night, Terry awakes to hear a man breathing heavily upstairs, as though he's masturbating, and wakes Nancy, but the breathing stops. The next morning, Terry and Nancy take a shower, while someone watches through a peep hole in the wall. Then the two tell Marion of their plan, and Marion says it's a good idea, telling Terry to go get firewood. Nancy then sets off through the woods, while Terry is frightened away from the shed out back by Marion, who tells her it's full of loose timbers. Nancy, makes it through the thick forest, only to be gorily slashed to death by a figure with a long scythe. That night, Terry finds that Nancy has not returned and becomes worried, but Mrs. Penrose and Marion assure she's probably okay, as once again, dinner is ruined by Mrs. Penrose's views on men and her daughter. That night, Terry once again hears the breathing, and goes to see who it is, finding an abandoned little kids room with black and white pictures of two little kids, and an old tool belt with a dusty gun and machete. She goes back downstairs, only to see the dirty, grubby man outside her window, and runs screaming down the stairs into Marion's arms. Marion then calms her down and tells her that the man is Carl, her brother who has the mind of a five year old, and who their mother abandoned when she gave up on men. She insists that he is harmless, and Terry goes back to bed. The next day, Terry is once again worried about where Nancy is, and Marion assures her that she's probably in town right then. Terry then goes up to see Gloria, who has become conscious now, and the two begin to discuss on ways to get out of the house, while the same person watches through another peep hole in the wall. Terry then goes outside to talk to Norman, and asks if he's seen Nancy, telling him that she went through the woods, only to have Norman freak out and warn her about a couple of girls disappearing in the woods around there. Night comes, and someone sneaks into Gloria's room and splits her head open with an axe. Terry goes upstairs and finds Gloria's room empty, and asks Marion where she is, Marion tells her she may have gone outside for a breath of fresh air, so Terry goes outside. She calls for Gloria, and is then chased by Carl. After hiding in the shed, Terry finds the dead bodies of her friends along with several other dismembered corpses. Carl breaks through the window and tries to grab her, but she fights back and runs back to the house. After running back to the house and upstairs into the kid's room she takes out the dusty gun and shoots Carl in the head, while Marion comes running up screaming. When Marion questions her frantically about killing her brother, Terry tells her to go look in the shed to which Marion tells her  that Carl had nothing to do with what happened in the shed. Terry looks at Marion in shock as Marion pulls out the machete. She realizes that Marion is actually Mrs. Penrose's other son after glimpsing his chest hair. Marion brutally hacks a screaming Terry to death with the machete as he raves about having to pretend to be a girl, having to take care of Carl, and of how he had to kill all of the girls in the scary deep voice. Once Terry is dead, Mrs. Penrose calls for Marion downstairs asking if they had a man up there. Marion, covered in blood, denies being with a man in the feminine voice."] ['Two romantic couples, consisting of four teenagers, decide to spend a weekend together located in a remote cabin found in the woods. An unseen force stalks and watches the group without their knowledge. Ellen  and her boyfriend Bruce  enter the woods to have a picnic lunch. The other couple, Scotty  and Shelly, remain at the cabin playing Monopoly to pass time. During their lunch, Bruce announces to Ellen that they\'re camping on a Indian Burial Ground. Ellen is concerned, but Bruce assures her that they will be fine aslong as they don\'t disturb the graves of the dead. Bruce then explores the area and discovers an ancient dagger belonging to the Indians. Ignoring his own advice, he takes the dagger with him. After lunch, Ellen takes a nap. When she awakes, she finds Bruce missing and wonders into the woods looking for him. To her horror, she finds Bruce\'s dead body, horrible mutilated with apparent knife wounds. She is then startled by the presence of an demonic entity hiding within the woods, and quickly runs back to the cabin. While fleeing, she is attacked by unseen forces. She runs back to the cabin and screams to be let in immediately, being let in just as the entity is approaching her. Ellen tells her friends that Bruce has been murdered, but Scotty dismisses the whole thing as a joke and goes to find Bruce. Shelly, Scotty\'s girlfriend, and Ellen are concerned when Scotty doesn\'t return right away. Ellen walks outside to begin a search for the missing men, but a possessed Bruce assaults and strangles her, eventually stabbing her in the neck with the dagger that he found. Shelly is murdered while Bruce moans "join us." Ellen encounters her possessed friend and flees into another room, grabbing knives to protect her. Something attempts to enter the room where Ellen is hiding, and she blindly lashes out with a knife - mistakenly stabbing Scotty who had just returned to the cabin. While horrified, Ellen is then attacked by the possessed Bruce. Ellen manages to trap Bruce outside, stabbing Bruce\'s hand several times in the process. The bleeding Scotty tells Ellen to look into the cellar for the gun they brought along. While walking down the stairs to the cellar, she trips on a broken step and injures herself. After finding the gun, she goes back up stairs and discovers that Scotty had been stabbed to death while she was downstairs. The demonic Bruce then attacks her, but she manages to cut off his hand. Ellen attempts to flee but is severely beaten by the possessed Bruce, who throws her around the cabin. While being strangled, Ellen picks up Bruce\'s mutilated hand which is still holding the dagger found from before, and she uses it to stab Bruce. A large amount of blood is expended by Bruce, who lies motionless for a moment, only to then continue his assault on Ellen. Ellen mutilates Bruce\'s body even further with an axe, chopping off nearly every limb from the writhing body. Severely disturbed by the things she has witnessed, Ellen rocks back and forth muttering to herself. Suddenly, the corpse of Scotty springs up, staring at the oblivious Ellen. The movie ends there.'] ['The film opens with a family driving down a desert highway. The mother and son are playing I spy when they hit a deer. The dad gets out and walks towards the bushes and comes back with half his face gone. The family is attacked by something foul-smelling. The scene shifts to a lavish apartment where Trip, one of the film\'s main characters meets with a dealer named Radford who provides him with a number of pills for a rave in the desert. Trip steals all the dealer\'s pills. He meets with his friends Cookie, Nelson, Jack  and the driver, Gretchen. The group notices an overturned car on the highway, which they dismiss as an abandoned accident. Gretchen discovers that Trip is carrying drugs and stops the vehicle to kick him out. While parking at the side of the road, the group notices a short, but strong tremor. Gretchen agrees to take Trip back to a diner, which they discover has been abandoned. The car runs out of gas and inexplicably breaks down, so they decide to stay at the "Halfway Motel". Learning from the radio that the highway has been closed, Trip decides to walk down the road for help. After walking into a room in which he does not see the mother from the opening of the film--now with a damaged mouth and unable to speak, carving "Tell my son I lov"--Jack and Gretchen pitch camp and decide to sleep outdoors. After a haunting experience with the drug dealer Radford, Trip escapes and meets a man named "Henry" driving an RV, who is looking for his missing wife. He goes with Trip to the motel and sets up camp there. Trip doesn\'t tell his friends about his run-in with Radford but warns them to be careful and to scream if they see or hear anything . Looking for signal reception for his mobile phone, Trip releases from a rubbish skip the still-living head, torso and arms of a truck driver who then crawls away. Henry then meets Trip and discovers they both are seeing the dead people. While in his camper, Henry collapses, suffocating as a dark figure moves through the trailer. Still looking for reception, Trip is attacked on the roof by a hooded figure. Cookie is attacked whilst sitting on the pit toilet and is killed by being dragged into the hole. Upon noticing her absence, Nelson is almost dragged under his bed but pulls himself back up and jumps on top of the bed. He takes his sneaker off and drops it on the ground, watching as it is shredded. He then tries to escape by jumping through the window, but fatally cuts his throat on a shard of glass. Gretchen and Jack discover Nelson\'s and Henry\'s bodies, prompting Gretchen to go look for Trip. Alone, Jack encounters the creature but manages to escape when Trip starts shooting at the figure with his gun. Trip is overpowered by the creature and looses his arm, then dies. We then learn that in reality an RV had crashed into Gretchen\'s car after Trip stepped out to call for a ride, at the moment when they experienced the tremor. None of the group had noticed the RV, whose driver was Henry. His wife, Rose had explained that he was suffering a massive heart attack and lost control. The car that the group saw leaving the diner was in fact their own . Each of the deaths at the hotel were reflected by their own deaths in the car: Cookie died from internal bleeding, Nelson cut his neck when he was thrown through the windshield, Trip\'s arm was severed gripping the cell phone and he died from blunt force trauma. Gretchen survived the crash because she was wearing her seat belt and Jack, despite receiving a massive head injury, also remained alive in the car. Radford, who had been stalking Trip, witnessed the accident and attempted to assist; hence the visions of him at the motel and highway. In the final scene, Gretchen and Jack briefly discuss the fact that neither has any recollection of the accident, and no mention is made of the incidents at the motel. Jack comments that, for a moment in the crash, he thought he could see Gretchen, offhandedly mentioning the color of her eyes.'] ['{{Plot}} Two years have passed since the events of the first film. The Play Pals company has the original doll reconstructed for analysis. Mr. Sullivan, the CEO, meets with his assistant, Mattson, with regards to the doll\'s reconstruction.Mattson informs Mr. Sullivan that Andy has been placed in foster care and was taken away for a psychiatric evaluation, his mother has been taken to a Mental Hospital. He also informs Sullivan that someone at the company may have tampered with the doll\'s voice cassette. This news helps further develop the bad publicity about Play Pals, Inc. Unhappy with the news he just received, Mr. Sullivan goes to the room where the reconstruction is near completion. Both Mr. Sullivan and Mattson witness the electrocution of a worker when he smacks the machine that jams. An upset Mr. Sullivan later burdens Mattson with the task of covering up the accident in an effort to avoid another bad publicity. However, later in the evening, Mattson places Chucky in his car when he is about to leave to go home. During the drive, Mattson uses his car phone to call a woman named Gabrielle who asks him if he bought vodka for their anniversary. After Mattson lies to Gabrielle about the vodka, he stops at a liquor store. During this time, Chucky uses the opportunity to read Andy\'s file and calls his social worker claiming to be his "Uncle." The social worker gives Chucky the address of Andy\'s new living location. A few minutes later, Mattson returns to his car and drives off. Chucky then uses a gun and forces Mattson to drive past the Simpson house to see the exact location. He then tells Mattson to keep driving and yells at him to park his car in an unoccupied parking lot. After tying Mattson\'s arms behind the driver\'s seat with a jump rope and much pleading, he shoots Mattson with the gun which turns out to be a water gun. Both Chucky and a relieved Mattson begin to laugh. But shortly after Chucky uses a Play Pals plastic bag to terrorize and suffocate a defenseless Mattson, killing him in seconds. After he murders Mattson, Chucky sneaks into the Simpson\'s house. In the house he disposes with and takes the place of the foster home\'s Tommy doll by destroying it with Joanne\'s priceless China ornament. That night, Chucky ties Andy up so he can finish what was started from before; the transferral of his soul into Andy\'s body. But Kyle, Andy\'s foster sister, is sneaking back into the house through his bedroom window and she interrupts the process. Confused, Kyle tries to help untie Andy, but Phil and Joanne unexpectedly arrive and accuse her of tying Andy up. Phil then throws the doll into the basement. The next morning, Andy attends his first day at a new school. During recess, Chucky sneaks into the classroom and finds Andy\'s test paper on the teacher\'s desk. With class dismissed Ms. Kettlewell, the teacher, uncovers Andy\'s paper with an insult written all over it in crayon. She confronts Andy and he is forced to stay after school for detention. He\'s locked inside the classroom while Ms. Kettlewell leaves to phone Joanne and Phil. Andy tries to warn anybody on the other side of the locked door, until Chucky starts pounding on the closet door. Andy escapes through the classroom window when Ms. Kettlewell returns and notices the classroom is empty. Hearing a sound coming from the closet, she assumes Andy is hiding, but uncovers nothing. Confused, she attempts to leave, but Chucky stabs her with an air pump and then beats her to death with a yard stick. Back at the foster home, Phil and Joanne confront Andy about the phone call from his teacher. Phil scolds Andy for telling what he believes to be fictional stories about Chucky, and shows him that Chucky has been in the basement since last night. In the middle of the night, Andy hears a noise downstairs. He arms himself with an electric carving knife and heads into the basement. Chucky wrestles with Andy, until Phil suddenly comes in and notices Andy holding the knife. Andy tries to warn him before he can walk down the steps, but Chucky trips him and leaves him dangling on the edge of the stairs, before dropping him, snapping his neck. Believing Andy responsible for the murder, Joanne angrily packs his things and sends him back to the foster care center. Kyle, knowing that Andy didn\'t kill Phil on purpose, tries unsuccessfully to reason with her and decides to have a cigarette outside, throwing Chucky into a garbage can. In using the tree swing, she accidentally uncovers the original Tommy doll, buried in the dirt. She then notices that the garbage can she tossed Chucky into is empty, causing her to realize that Andy was telling the truth. Terrified, she runs back into the house to warn Joanne, but discovers her dead body tied to a chair. Chucky reveals himself and threatens to kill Kyle, unless she cooperates. He tells her to drive to the children\'s home poste haste. Kyle outwits Chucky by slamming onto the car\'s brakes, ejecting him through the windshield. Chucky recovers and once again takes Kyle Hostage. Finally reaching the home, he pulls the fire alarm in the facility to create a diversion. Amongst the commotion, the head of the center, Grace , angrily accuses Kyle of pulling the fire alarm. She grabs Chucky  and starts to yell at Kyle but is fatally stabbed to death after he reveals himself to be alive. Chucky grabs Andy and forces him to go where he can begin the transfer. Andy is then seen walking with Chucky in hand toward the city\'s Good Guy doll factory. From there, Chucky knocks Andy out and begins to say the chant. Kyle rushes as fast as she can to find them, but the chant is completed before she can do so. Though it appears that Chucky had succeeded, he notices his nose bleeding, revealing that it is indeed too late and that he is trapped. Enraged, he tries to kill Andy, but Kyle manages to subdue him for a brief moment. While Andy and Kyle navigate through the huge labyrinth maze of boxes in the factory, Chucky does whatever he can to kill them, and in doing so loses a hand and both his legs in the process. Andy and Kyle think they have killed Chucky by sending him up a conveyor belt backward and having extra arms and legs attached to him. Seconds later as they walk away, Kyle is hit by the corpse of a dangling, swinging factory repair maintenance man that Chucky had killed earlier, and the force of the impact sends Kyle flying onto the conveyor belt, causing her to hit her head and be knocked unconscious, leaving Andy alone to fight Chucky. Andy manages to pour hot, melted plastic onto the killer doll, stopping him in his tracks. He then jumps onto the conveyor belt and wakes up Kyle, only to see Chucky emerge from the melted plastic pile and try to kill them until Kyle forces an air hose into his mouth, causing his head to inflate and explode, finally killing him. Andy and Kyle walk out of the factory into the bright new morning. Andy asks where they are going, to which Kyle replies "Home", even though neither one knows where home is. An extended ending reveals that a chunk of Chucky\'s skin after his head exploded got mixed in with the Good Guy doll making plaster. A machine is then seen making a new Good Guy Doll head, which then forms a sinister smile.'] ['Minutes after he is trapped in the bathroom, Eric Matthews  escapes the shackle by breaking his foot with a toilet tank cover. Six months later, a new game is discovered by a SWAT team led by Lt. Daniel Rigg , who calls Detectives Mark Hoffman  and Allison Kerry , who is guilt-ridden over Matthews\'s disappearance, to the scene. In his test, Troy  had to rip chains from his flesh to escape from a bomb. However, the door to the room was welded shut. As the trap was inescapable, Kerry believes that it was not Jigsaw who designed it. While reviewing Troy\'s tape at home, Kerry is attacked and awakens in a harness hooked into her ribs. Though she is able to retrieve the key from a beaker of acid, the harness tears her ribs out anyway. Lynn Denlon , a depressed doctor, is abducted and brought to John Kramer , now bedridden from cancer, by Amanda Young . She is given instructions to keep John alive until the other victim, Jeff , has completed his game. A collar is locked around her neck that connects to John\'s heart rate monitor: if he dies, or if Lynn moves out of range, it will fire five shotgun shells at her head. As she begins working to keep John alive, Jeff awakens in a box in an abandoned meatpacking plant and is informed that he must undergo tests which will lead him to "the man responsible for the loss of his child". It is shown that his son Dylan  was hit and killed by a car three years earlier, which Jeff is unable to cope with. He is vengeful towards everyone involved and neglects his daughter, Corbett , as a result. Jeff\'s first test leads him into a meat freezer, where he finds Danica Scott , who refused to testify against his son\'s killer. She is naked and chained at the wrists between two poles which spray her body with ice-cold water at random intervals. Though she eventually convinces Jeff to help her, she freezes to death before he can retrieve the key. His second test leads him to a large vat, where he finds Judge Halden , who sentenced his son\'s killer to six months in prison, chained at the neck at the bottom. The pit is slowly being filled with liquefied pig corpses, but Jeff reluctantly saves him by incinerating his son\'s toys to retrieve the key. His third test leads Jeff and Halden to Timothy Young , his son\'s killer, who is strapped to a machine that will twist his limbs and neck one by one until they break. Jeff initially watches Timothy suffer, but is eventually convinced by Halden to retrieve the key from the shotgun trigger. He accidentally discharges the shotgun in the process, killing Halden, and is unable to free Timothy before his neck breaks. While Lynn performs an improvised surgery intended to relieve pressure on his brain, John hallucinates about another woman and declares his love out loud. Amanda leaves, distressed by this, and is revealed to have continued cutting herself after John became bedridden. She recalls becoming John\'s protege and assisting with the bathroom trap by abducting Adam Stanheight , who she gave a mercy killing out of guilt shortly after he was left to die. She also finds a letter in her name, its contents driving her to hysterics. As Lynn reveals to John that her ordeal has renewed her appreciation for her family, Amanda returns with the news that Jeff has completed his tests, though she refuses to release Lynn. She does not believe in John\'s modus operandi and the tests she designed, including Troy\'s and Kerry\'s, reflect this. At John\'s prompting, Amanda also reveals that she left Eric Matthews for dead after he escaped and fought with her. Amanda shoots Lynn in the back just as Jeff arrives, and he retaliates by shooting her in the neck. With great sadness, John tells Amanda that the game was hers: she was being tested on her will to keep someone alive, unaware that Jeff and Lynn were married. After she dies, John offers to call an ambulance for Lynn if Jeff accepts one final test, where he must choose between killing John and forgiving him. As Jeff says he forgives John, he slashes John\'s throat with a circular saw. The sickroom seals itself as John plays a tape recorder, which reveals that Jeff has failed by killing John, who was the only person to know Corbett\'s whereabouts. The tape ends as John dies, and the collar simultaneously activates and kills Lynn, leaving a screaming Jeff trapped with the three corpses.'] ['In the heart of San Francisco, the legions of the damned lay waiting beneath the Golden Gate Bridge. As night falls, they are unleashed upon the city to carve terror into the souls of the innocent. But when one young woman named Natalie  escapes a bloody teen slaughter, she cannot convince anyone that a rampaging army of psychotic \'monsters\' has mutilated her friends. Now haunted, hunted and having a hard time in high school, Natalie must arm herself and her classmates for one final bizarre battle against the horror of the "neon maniacs." Some of the scenes were filmed at Hollywood High School.'] ["The plot revolves around a 32 year old psychotherapist as he begins to suspect that the local religious cult has been murdering the town's citizens. He soon becomes sucked into a web of mysterious happenings, with the cult of the 'Bryans' being the focal point. The film uses the 'found footage' format, and claims that the film is a compilation of security footage."] ['Picking up immediately where the first film ended, Marybeth  is attacked by Victor Crowley , but manages to escape. Jack Cracker  finds her, pulls her out of the river, and takes her back to his cabin. After finding out her last name, he forces her to leave, telling her that if she wants help, she needs to see Reverend Zombie . Moments after she leaves Jack is killed by Victor Crowley who severs his intestines out and uses them to cut off his head. Marybeth returns to Reverend Zombie\'s shop, and after demanding to speak with him, he reluctantly lets her in. After learning her last name, he tells her that her father was one of the boys responsible for causing the fire that killed Victor Crowley. He also tells her that Thomas, Victor\'s father, had an affair with his wife\'s nurse, after she was diagnosed with stomach cancer. Moments before dying, she places a curse on the child conceived by Lena from the affair. Lena dies after giving birth to the deformed Victor Crowley. After Victor is killed in the fire, Thomas confronts the three boys responsible. Both they and their parents deny it. Thomas becomes a shut-in and eventually dies. Then a scene is shown in which Victor slaughters five people who invade his land. Marybeth tells him she wants to go back and retrieve the remains of her father and brother. He agrees, but tells her she must bring a family member with her. After she leaves, Zombie calls Justin  and tells him his brother Shawn, the tour guide who was murdered the night before, never came back with the boat. He lies and says they are going into the swamp to find Shawn and the boat. He tells Justin to gather a group of hunters and a man named Trent  to go with them. Marybeth returns home, where her uncle Bob  later shows up. He tells her she needs to stay away from Reverend Zombie, but reluctantly goes with her to a recruitment meeting in Zombie\'s shop. Zombie tells the hunters that he will pay them $500 dollars each to retrieve his boat and $5,000 dollars for the head of Victor Crowley. He tells Trent that he will pay him double to go, and Trent agrees. The hunters leave and go into the swamp, including Marybeth and her uncle. They find the boat and as the rest leave two of the hunters, Cleutus and Chad  stay by the boat. The others split up to find Victor. Marybeth, Zombie, Justin, Bob, and Trent go looking by Crowley\'s shed for the bodies. Along the way, Zombie tells Justin that Trent, Bob and Marybeth\'s father were the kids who started the fire that killed Victor. He says that once Crowley kills Bob and Trent, his soul will leave the swamp. After not finding the bodies in the shed, they check the main cabin. Meanwhile, the rest of the hunting party are killed off by Crowley. Chad is hacked in the face violently and Cletus has his face mutilated by a boat propeller. While Layton and Avery are having sex, Victor appears and decapitates Layton. Avery tries to run away but Victor whacks her inbetween the legs by the hatchet and finally John and Vernon  both split in half from the groin up with a 8ft chainsaw. While searching the cabin, they hear Victor outside. While hiding, Justin tells Marybeth of Zombie\'s plot to get her uncle and Trent killed. She runs to warn Bob but Justin jams the door shut with a chair. Victor turns up behind him and kills him by ripping his head open with a belt sander. Bob and the others attempt to get into the room. Victor breaks down the door, and Marybeth attempts to attack him but is tossed against the wall. Trent attempts to fight him, but is killed when Victor severs the top of his head by kicking it against a table. Zombie grabs Marybeth, drags her out of the house against her will, and traps Bob inside with Victor. Marybeth screams as she hears Bob murdered by Victor inside. She falls to the ground crying and Zombie declares Victor Crowley dead. Marybeth says she will go to the police. Zombie tells her she is wrong as he points his gun at her head. She tells him Bob wasn\'t her real uncle. Her father\'s brother died of leukemia when she was twelve. Victor breaks through the wall of the cabin and goes after Zombie, Zombie nearly chokes Victor with his hands, but Victor kills him by severing him in half with the hatchet and then yanks his spinal cord, which pulled him out of his skin and then Victor throws Zombie at the wall killing him. Marybeth attacks Victor with his hatchet, knocking him to the ground and striking him repeatedly with the hatchet. She stops and walks off just as Victor\'s hand twitches. Marybeth returns and stands over him with a shotgun, yells "Fuck you!" and fires the gun into his head finally killing him and ending his reign of terror; or so she thinks.'] ['On a cold night, two men are dressed up as a nun and a hooker. The man dressed as a hooker is brutally murdered, while his girlfriend , who was waiting for him, is soon killed as well. The story shifts to a man named Shawn  at his new job. Maddy  is interviewed by Shawn and gets the job. That night, while Maddy is having dinner at her apartment, she appears to be talking to imaginary people and seemingly receives a letter from her parents, whom she previously claimed were dead, congratulating her on her new job. When she goes to sleep, she dreams of two deaths and awakens in fear. Shawn and Maddy get closer, go on a date, and end up in bed together. Shawn later invites Maddy to a pool party, to which she agrees. At the pool party, hosted by Tillie , Maddy meets Shawn\'s friends Chris , Peter  and Laura . Later, the remaining people at the party start talking about a "murder club". In confusion, Maddy leaves, disturbed by Chris\'s words to her: "You never know when you\'ll need the club\'s help". Karen and Keith, a couple at the party, are soon murdered by the masked killer. In her sleep, Maddy has a flashback of when she had an abortion. As a result, her mother  had kicked her out of the house, calling Maddy a "murderer". Her father  had tried to stop her, to no avail. During one of Maddy\'s shopping trips, she starts arguing with a woman, eventually killing the lady by smashing her head against a large post. Maddy then awakes at home, covered in blood. She realizes what she has done and calls Shawn. He races over and tells her not to worry, as he\'ll give her an alibi.The next day, on her way to Tillie\'s house, Maddy hears Shawn, Tillie, Peter and Laura talking amongst each other. She then discovers that the "Murder Club" was all a joke. Shawn tries to convince the others give Maddy an alibi. Chris agrees, and Peter and Laura want to ignore everything, though Tillie believes they should head to the police. Maddy heads home, upset by the revelation. She later has a dream of Peter and Laura being killed. She visits Tillie\'s home again but hides to avoid being seen. Tillie talks to Shawn about finding Peter and Laura\'s bodies. Maddy then blacks out and has a vision of Tillie\'s death. When she awakes, she goes to Tillie\'s home and finds her dead. She goes to Chris\'s home, believing Shawn to be responsible for the deaths. Then she races over to Laura and Peter\'s home. There, she finds the dead bodies and tells Chris that she believes Shawn is behind the deaths. She heads back home and Shawn arrives. She attempts to attack him but he retaliates and tells Maddy that Chris is the real murderer. He shows a mask and knife, saying he found them in Chris\'s home. Just then, Chris kills him by impaling him with an axe. A shocked Maddy demands an explanation. Chris admits to the murders, saying that he did so he could have Maddy. The first death was the owner of the company. Killing him made Shawn head and gave Maddy a place to work. He then killed the various people who wanted to stop Maddy from being with him. A small chase begins, with Maddy stuck in the bathroom of her home. Chris starts to chop down the door with his axe, but before he can reach Maddy, she hits him with a set of scales and flees. She then becomes trapped in the bedroom and the scene cuts to black. The next scene shows Chris heading to Las Vegas. He pulls over to a car stuck on the side of the road. The man inside asks for a tire-iron. Chris considers killing him, until he sees that the man has a wife. After helping them and watching the couple head off, Chris heads back to the trunk. He opens it, revealing a still-alive and tied-up Maddy. He smiles, then shuts the trunk, and resumes the journey to Vegas.'] ['Twin brothers Alan and Joseph spend the summer visiting their Aunt Lacey at her secluded, run-down property. Little do they know that some family secrets refuse to stay buried...in fact, they are freshly dug up! Lonely auntie has a necrophilic attraction to her deceased husband, whose body she keeps in her house, and Jeremy - her perverted farmhand - is a bloodthirsty monster who dismembers local townsfolk and stores their body parts in the barn for unspeakable uses later on. Soon Alan and Joseph find themselves caught up in a horrifying plot to take charge of the situation. And that\'s when things really turn ugly. Filmed in "shockumentary" style, you will witness the final moments of one of the most brutal pages in the history of crime. Jeremy is waiting!'] ['The film is a nostalgic homage to the exploitation films of Wes Craven and Tobe Hooper that follows a group of free-loving hippies who escape to a modern-day Woodstock for a weekend of debauchery, only to be stalked by a radical-minded psychopath dressed and talking like Ronald Reagan.'] ["Chad  is snowboarding down a mountain, when suddenly a skiier dressed in black attacks him. Chad attempts to get away, but is decapitated by a piece of wire strung up between two trees. Meanwhile, college student Kimberly  is going on a trip to an abandoned ski resort, which her father will be buying soon, with her boyfriend Cole , cousin Pike , and friends Skyler , Robyn  and Kirk . While stopping off at a gas station, the group bump into the European Christophe , who they quickly invite along with them. Cole and Skyler go back into town to retrieve beer, but are warned away from the resort by a bartender, Bud . Skyler also briefly meets Bud's daughter Shelly  whom he takes a liking too. Arriving back at the resort, the group partake in drinking games until the town Sheriff  shows up. Kimberly and Robyn manage to bribe him to let them stay there for the night, however as the Sheriff leaves the cabin he is stabbed to death. Kimberly then tells the others that a few years previous, a group of snowboarders murdered a young girl at the resort, and that's why it had closed down. The next day, the group go snowboarding. Kirk stumbles upon a small building hidden in the mountain. As he enters to investigate, he is stabbed in the stomach with an icicle by the killer. Meanwhile, Skyler bumps into Shelly while she ski's. The two get on well and decide to stick together, but Bud appears and sends Shelly home. As Robyn uses the chairlift, the killer boards with her before attempting to throw her off. Robyn fights back and manages to push them off the chairlift, but as she prepares to deboard her scarf wraps around the handle and she is eventually hung. At the cabin, Skyler meets up with Cole and Pike, before the trio stumble upon the Sheriff's body. The group are quick to suspect Chrisophe as the murderer, and set off to warn the others. While searching, they find the little girl perserved in ice, and Skyler is stabbed in the leg with an axe by the killer, but manages to escape. Kimberly and Christophe find a hot tub, where Kimberly discovers Christophe was at the resort when the little girl was murdered, and that all other witnesses had been murdered. Christophe suspects Bud for the previous killings, as to get revenge for the death of his youngest daughter. Kimberly and Christophe then begin to have sex. Cole soon sees the pair and angrirly leaves, prompting Kimberly to follow him. After they leave, Christophe is beat to death with a shovel. Returning back to the cabin, the survivors find the car has been broken and the dead bodies of their friends lined up in the snow. In the cabin, the group tend to Skyler's leg. Cole and Pike go outside to fix the car, leaving Kimberly and Skyler in the cabin. The killer sneaks inside and murders Skyler, stabbing him through the eye with a ski pole. Kimberly hides from the killer in a cupboard, where she finds her friend Chad's body. The killer manages to break in the cupboard and stabs Kimberly. Cole rushes inside, but finds Kimberly dead before the killer locks him in the cabin. Outside, Pike fixes the car. The killer swiftly attacks her however, and in a panic she crashes the car before the killer hits her in the head. Cole manages to get outside and finds Pike persumably dead. Cole travels up the mountain, taunting the killer. He is soon shot at by a figure, revealed to be Bud. Bud tells Cole he simply wanted to scare the group away from the area, but Cole tries to escape. Bud chases him on a snowmobile, and is quickly decapitated by a piece of wire strung up between two trees. Cole then makes his way into town. After entering an alley, he becomes trapped as the killer drives a large shredding truck to block his path. The killer reveals themselves to be Shelly, who wants to get revenge for the death of her younger sister. As she is about to murder Cole, Pike shows herself to be alive, shoots Shelly who then falls into the shredder. Cole and Pike leave the town and persumably start a relationship."] ['Following a near-death car accident, four friends on their way to a Halloween wedding, venture to a secluded farm for help. Little do they know however, they will soon disturb an ancient evil with far more ghastly plans in store for them!'] ['{{plot}} Six years after the events of the first film, Kristen Parker makes a replica of a house on Elm Street. While she is asleep she dreams about a little girl outside the house. When Kristen wakes up and goes to the bathroom she finds she is still asleep and encounters Freddy Krueger, who slashes her wrists with the razors on his glove. When Kristen awakes, she is holding a razor blade to her wrist. Her mother mistakes this incident as a suicide attempt and places Kristen in Westin Hills, a psychiatric hospital. Kristen meets the other patients of the hospital- Joey Crusel, who does not speak; Taryn White, an ex-drug addict; Roland Kincaid, a tough kid with behavioral problems; Phillip Anderson, a talented sculptor; Jennifer Caulfield, a wannabe actress; Will Stanton, who uses a wheelchair because of an earlier suicide attempt. They are the "last of the Elm Street children" – the remaining children of the vigilantes who killed Freddy. Kristen also meets Dr. Neil Gordon, a psychiatrist, and Nancy Thompson, the new staff research scientist. All of the kids are being tormented by Freddy in their dreams. If Freddy kills them in their dream, they die "for real." When Kristen has another terrifying dream where she is attacked by Freddy in the form of a giant snake, she reveals a latent ability to bring others into her dreams by bringing Nancy into the dream to assist her. Nancy sees the potential of Kristen\'s ability to defeat Freddy for good. Freddy kills two patients when they fall asleep. He slashes Phillip\'s feet and wrists and uses his tendons to walk him through the hospital like a marionette. He walks Philip to the top of the building and cuts the tendons, sending Phillip falling to his death as the other patients watch in horror. The next night, while Jennifer watches TV, the host of a talk show turns into Freddy and attacks the guest, Zsa Zsa Gabor. Jennifer walks over to the TV and smacks it. Two large mechanical arms explode out of the sides and pick her up. Freddy\'s head emerges from the TV and tells her "Welcome to Prime Time Bitch" before smashing her head into the screen. Meanwhile, Dr. Gordon receives visits from a mysterious nun, who introduces herself as Sister Mary Helena. She tells Dr. Gordon that Freddy Krueger was born in the abandoned wing of the same hospital, Westin Hills, after inmates gang-raped his mother, Amanda Krueger. Amanda Krueger was a staff member who was accidentally locked inside over the Christmas holidays. The nun also says that when he was killed, Freddy Krueger was never properly buried and must be laid to rest in consecrated ground. Nancy tells the kids during a group session that in their dreams they can be whomever, and possibly do whatever, they want. Nancy convinces Dr. Gordon to try an experimental hypnosis to put the kids and themselves into a deep sleep and have Kristen attempt to pull them into her dream. The attempt does not go well. Freddy, in the form of a hot nurse, lures Joey away and holds him captive in the dream world and renders him comatose in the real world. As a result, Dr. Carver fires Neil and Nancy from the hospital. Nancy goes to see her father, Lt. Donald Thompson. She makes an impassioned plea to him for help which ultimately falls on deaf ears. Neil tells her to go back to the hospital to help the kids while he forces Lt. Thompson to help him find Freddy\'s remains and bury them. The two men stop at a church to collect holy water and a crucifix. Back at the hospital, Nancy and the kids attempt a group sleep session to try to go in and free Joey and get to Kristen, who was thrown in the "quiet room" and sedated without her consent. As soon as the kids fall asleep, Freddy separates them. He kills Taryn by giving her a drug overdose, and he stabs Will in the stomach with his glove. Kincaid, who dreams of having super strength, manages to fight his way through Freddy\'s barriers and reunite with Nancy and Kristen. The three save Joey before Freddy can kill him. Kincaid attacks Freddy, but Freddy easily picks him up with one arm, which shocks Nancy. Krueger reveals he gains strength from imprisoning the souls of his victims inside him. Freddy is about to kill Kincaid when he senses that someone is messing with his corpse and disappears. Neil and Lt. Thompson have found Freddy\'s remains in a large auto salvage yard. They begin to dig a makeshift grave when the bones come to life. Lt. Thompson attempts to attack the Freddy-skeleton but the skeleton kills him by throwing him on a car fin. The skeleton then beats Neil with a shovel, leaving him unconscious near the makeshift grave. Still in the group sleep session, the remaining kids and Nancy proceed to make their way through Freddy\'s lair when they come to a room full of mirrors. Each of the party are grabbed and pulled through the walls by Freddy, except for Joey who lets out a piercing scream which shatters the mirrors, freeing them. Nancy notices a bright light from an adjoining room and realizes it is her father. Her father says his spirit has crossed over and wanted to say goodbye to her, and they embrace. Seconds later, Nancy is stabbed twice in the stomach by Freddy, who was disguised as her father. Believing his biggest threat has finally been removed, Freddy closes the door on Kincaid and Joey and proceeds to attack Kristen. Just as he is about to kill her, Nancy attacks from behind, making Krueger stab himself with the glove. At the same exact time, Neil awakens and sprinkles the holy water on Freddy\'s remains. He also uses the crucifix and completes the burial, causing Krueger to disappear in a brilliant white light. Nancy, grievously wounded, dies in Kristen\'s arms. At the Thompson\'s funeral, Neil sees the mysterious nun again. When he goes to thank her, she vanishes. He is left standing by a gravestone. On the stone there is a name, Amanda Krueger; just below that is another name, Sister Mary Helena. The nun was the spirit of Freddy\'s mother. Later, Neil falls asleep at his home, where he has the same house Kristen made at the beginning of the film. A light suddenly comes on inside the model house, implying Freddy\'s still alive, which sets up the events of the next film.'] ["Film begins at restaurant which is owned by a beautiful and perfect woman named Dara. That night, Dara invites a man named Adjie to dine with her on the next night in her house. Then, after black fades, Adjie is shown again, bounded by chains in a blood-splattered room. He tries to break free, but Dara, comes to the room and test the quality of Adjie, as her test, she bites Adjie's stomach. Attempting to kill Adjie, Dara starts to slash him off with her chainsaw. Suddenly, a bell rings and, Dara, with her chainsaw broken, leaves the room and opens the door. It was a bald-headed man named Eko, wanting to meet Dara. Eko is welcomed to the dinner table to eat, while Dara leaves him for a second, goes to a room and dumps Eko's flower bouquet onto a bed in there. She crosses Eko's name in the next day's date, and writes Adjie's name on the current date. From this activity, we know that Dara is a cannibal who invites men secretly and kills them when they are in her house. And Dara schedules her victims each night, for one reason: to have fresh meat everyday. And the men who come to her house now, will be slashed like Dara's past victims. At dinner, after Dara shuts Adjie's mouth and turns on classical music loudly, Dara is visited by a quiet, fat man named Rama who joins Dara and Eko for dinner. The conversation in there is dominated by Eko who tells Rama about exercising for a sixpack. While they are at the dinner table, Adjie manages to break the chain and set himself free from the room. Realizing that Adjie is loose, Dara takes her crossbow  and shoots Eko's chest, then slits his throat with a machete. Then, she slashes Rama's shoulder and when Rama crawls to the front door, he is decapitated by Dara with the same machete as a slash on his shoulder. Adjie returns to the gory room and hides there from Dara. Dara, who finds Adjie, gets stabbed in the hand by Adjie. Then Adjie quickly runs to front door, opens it, and goes into his car. When he wants to close his car door, Dara with her chainsaw turned on breaks it and slaughters Adjie with it, leaving no survivor that night. The scene changes to Dara's restaurant, where she takes some meat from her refrigerator, and it is revealed that the meat used for her meals, are human meat. Then the camera pans through the restaurant as everybody looks appreciatively at the food cooked by Dara herself. Dara who still won over the men' fights yet, smiles and makes a grimace to camera. they know your name."] ['The film\'s plot concerns a family of cannibals descended from Victorian railway workers dwelling in the disused lines of the London Underground tube network. The last member of the family frequently visits the neighbouring Russell Square and Holborn stations to pick off passengers for food, then takes them back to the gruesome \'pantry\' at an incomplete station. When the cannibal kidnaps and kills an important politician, he is hunted by a detective as well as an American college student and his English girlfriend who were the last to see the victim in the tube station. Donald Pleasence and Norman Rossington star as the two investigating police inspectors. At the climax, when finally cornered and with his wife and the last of his family members dead from disease, the cannibal screams a corrupted form of "Mind the doors!", having picked it up parrot-fashion from the guards on the Underground trains. Christopher Lee appears as a shady MI5 agent whom the detectives meet during their investigation.'] ["An unnamed man is sitting in a psychiatrists office, being released from an insane asylum. 3 years ago, he and three friends were mountain climbing, when an accident left them all suspended on one rope that was fraying. Being the closest to the top, he chose to cut the rope to save himself and dropped the other three to their death. He says that he knows his actions were wrong, but the doctor reminds him that when he was first admitted he said anyone would have made the same decision. Angrily he repeats that his actions were wrong, and the doctor says that means they've made progress, but they're working for closure. Seven friends are driving to their friend Brent's house to celebrate their upcoming college graduation. Alex, Brent's new stepsister, unexpectedly shows up to stay, something Brent isn't happy about, but they let her stay, trying to match her up with Freddy. They all party and later that night when everyone else is asleep, Nicole is grabbed by a strange man as she goes for a beer. Her body is then thrown through the window onto a sleeping Freddy, whose screams get the rest of the house down. The letters 'TV' carved into her stomach gets them to watch a video taken earlier, where Nicole is given a gun and told to shoot the sleeping Carlos to save her own life, but she refuses and is killed. The unnamed man from earlier tells the seven on the video that they will have to kill each other until only one person remains. If more than one person is still alive at 6 am, he will kill everyone. The group panics and Brent and Carlos go to try and find a way to escape. The boat Brent showed Carlos earlier is now sunk, but the gun on board is in the keybox, so Brent takes it. Carlos seeks an axe and goes to get it, but is caught in a giant bear trap. Brent tries to help, but then leaves him, saying to the others that he died. But the killer bandages Carlos and leaves him at the house. When he tells Jennifer that Brent left him, she loses all trust in Brent. Now that everyone's back, Michael leads them to the van to try and escape, but the van is caught by something and can't move. Over the radio, the unnamed man says that they must now throw one person out to die or they will all die. Brent decides to throw the mortally injured Carlos out and he is shot through the head with the rifle stolen from the basement. They all split up and run back to the house. Brent and Amber separate and he is caught by the killer, but is let go when he promises to kill someone. Alex had run off on her own to get her motorcycle, but the killer fires at her and shes forced to hide behind it until Brent slugs her and drowns her in the lake. He sneaks back to the house to talk to Freddy alone, saying that the boat is OK and if he can just get the gun from Michael they can escape. Freddy fakes a panic attack to get the gun and Brent comes in, but Amber tells what Brent had told her, that the boat was inoperable. Freddy realizes hes been tricked and shoots Brent, and tries to force everyone else out of the house. Michael convinces Freddy to drop the gun, just as Brent skewers him through the head with a poker, killing him. He grabs the gun and chases Michael and Jennifer down to the basement, but as they're cornered, Amber attacks Brent with a shovel and beats him to death. Jennifer grabs the gun and takes Michael upstairs. Amber finds a gun in her pill bag and draws on Jennifer, arguing with her over Michael, saying she loves him. Jennifer shoots Amber in the stomach, but Michael takes her and Jennifer down in the basement as the unnamed man approaches. They hide under the staircase and shoot at the unnamed man but it turns out to be Alex who survived Brent's attack. Jennifer then turns traitor and stabs Michael in the stomach. She tries to kill him, but Amber attacks her and strangles her to death. She crawls next to Michael, but as the clock chimes six and the man approaches, Michael kills himself to save Amber. As the man passes, Amber says she'll never be like him, and as he leaves he says we'll see. He leaves a phone message in the psychiatrist's office, saying that he's proved his theory and as he and a picture reveals, Brent was the doctors son. He laughs and says hes now found closure."] ["A killer goes into a house, killing a mother and her two children. In the process, he takes pictures on his cell phone of the attack. Elsewhere, Trisha  is babysitting a girl, Molly, while her parents are out. She needs this to go well because her last babysitting job with the Hewitts did not end on a good note. On the way to a speaking engagement, Molly's parents are killed by an off-screen attacker that they obviously knew. Meanwhile, Trisha begins getting increasingly threatening phone calls and texts. After, she puts Molly to bed, the caller escalates his taunting. He sends her pictures of the previous murders claiming he did it for her. Although she believes it is her boyfriend Matt calling her, she calls the police who inform her that they will trace the call. Matt , along with his two reckless friends Frank and Chrissy arrive saying they have been chased by cops after Frank brandished a gun at a bowling alley during an argument. They ask to stay until it is safe to leave. Matt assures Trisha that he did not make that call. Going into the basement to make out, Chrissy hears a strange noise. Frank is killed when he investigates and Chrissy is beaten unconscious when she goes to find him. Worried that Frank is getting into trouble again, Trisha has Matt find out what he is doing. When he goes to the basement, he is knocked unconscious and tied up by the killer. Watching the news of a triple murder earlier that night, Trisha realizes the pictures sent to her are real and that they are also of the Hewitts. The killer calls Trisha and informs her that she needs to check on Molly. After the police call and inform her that the calls came from inside the house, she discovers a camera in the living room. She checks on Molly and finds her dead with Richard Hewitt  in the bedroom. She tries to run from him but is quickly tripped and knocked unconscious. Awakening in the basement, Trisha discovers she is gagged and tied to a rafter, Matt tied up on the floor, Chrissy tied up and gagged on the couch, and Frank dead on the floor. Richard tortures the group and kills Chrissy before he goes upstairs to kill some investigating police officers. Richard also explains the reason for the murders, revealing he had become obsessed with Trisha after raping her one night. Using this time to free himself, Matt stuns Richard and frees Trisha. However, Matt is killed doing this. Trisha manages run out of the house and retrieves Frank's gun which he stashed in Matt's truck. She shoots Richard several times, ensuring he is dead, and then walks away from the house into the surrounding woods."] ['A couple is seen being tortured. After "Sarah" escapes from her bondings, her boyfriend tells her to run and is killed. Sarah runs from a figure in a black trench coat and a modified sickle. When Sarah is trapped on the edge of a cliff, she jumps off the cliff and is killed when she hits the ground. The following scene shows another couple: Sheryl and Mike go on a hiking trip for the week. Though they are told by the park ranger that they should take the beginner\'s trail, the couple decides to go on the trail called "Timber Falls" at the advice of a friendly woman. The two meet a group of unfriendly hunters, and the couple is warned by the hunters that they should be careful about what they do in the woods, as some residents there do not take kindly to certain actions. Sheryl convinces Mike to empty his handgun of bullets, thinking there is nothing to worry about. The couple sets up camp after hiking down the trail and meeting up with another park ranger. The couple goes to sleep, not noticing the shadowy figure that spies on them during the night. In the morning, Sheryl goes down to a lake to bathe. Though not shown on-screen, Sheryl is kidnapped by an unknown person. Mike wakes up and finds that Sheryl is missing. He tries to find her, and sees two of the hunters he and Sheryl encountered the previous day. He sees one of them holding one of Sheryl\'s articles of clothing. Believing they kidnapped her, he hits one of them over the head with a log, causing one hunter to run away. After taking the hunter\'s shotgun, Mike demands that the hunter tells him where Sheryl is. Though the hunter tells Mike he hasn\'t seen her since the day before, Mike knocks him out by hitting him with the stock of the shotgun after the hunter tries to attack him with a knife. Mike leaves the hunter for dead, and continues his search for Sheryl. He soon gets his foot caught in a bear trap. He slowly faints. After he wakes up, he finds himself in a cabin. The cabin, owned by Ida Forester, who was the woman Mike and Sheryl saw the day before. She nurses him back to health, and assures Mike that she will contact the sheriff via the radio upstairs. Mike believes that Ida stole his wallet as she calls him by his real name "Michael". He claims that no stranger could figure that out so easily because he told very few people what his real name was, and claims that she stole his wallet and his I.D. She denies this, but he begins demanding that she let him use the radio. Ida and Mike engage in a fight, ending in the wounded Mike apparently knocking out Ida. Mike rushes upstairs to use the radio, only to find it does not work. The camera then goes to Sheryl and shows her running away from a strange figure in a black trench coat. She finds the same park ranger they saw on the trail, only to find out he is allied with the man who was chasing Sheryl. It is revealed that this happened before Ida found Mike, as when Mike enters the cabin\'s basement, he finds Sheryl there, strapped to a chair. The basement of the cabin is shown as some sort of shrine, with a shelf of prematurely born babies in jars with name plates on the jars, a room which appears to be a containment room, and a room that appears to be a torture room. Mike, after finding Sheryl, is captured by Clyde, Ida, and Ida\'s brother Deacon, whose face is horribly disfigured. The family is shown to be a group of insane religious fanatics, believing that capturing the couple is for a good purpose. After Ida describes having seen the couple having sex in their tent a few days previously, she and Clyde tell the couple that the punishment for their sins is for them to have a child for Ida and Clyde, due to Ida not being able to have a baby successfully. Mike and Sheryl are forced to marry, and over the course of three days, Ida and Clyde force them to attempt to have a child, brutally torturing them if they do not. Sheryl and Mike decide not to have a baby, for both know that when they do have a child, Ida and Clyde obviously will kill them. After a few days pass, two of the men Sheryl and Mike met days before hear about the missing couple, and decide that something strange is going on at Ida and Clyde\'s home. The two journey there on the third night that Mike and Sheryl have been captured. One goes through the front door, the other find a secret door to the cabin\'s basement. The man who goes through the hidden door is killed by Clyde, only after Mike manages to yell for help. As the other man enters the basement, he is shot and killed by Ida. After Ida and Clyde come down to the basement and gloat about there being no rescue coming for Sheryl and Mike, Sheryl begins laughing hysterically. She tells Ida that she has already gotten pregnant with Mike before they went on the hiking trip, telling Ida that the child was conceived "in sin". Ida, in shock, drops the small blade she was going to mutilate Sheryl with. After Ida leaves the room, Mike quickly picks up the blade and slashes Clyde\'s throat. The couple then knocks out Ida, and Mike shoots Clyde in the head with the shotgun Ida had, mocking what Clyde had said earlier by saying, "I understand your extreme circumstances, but punishment must be handed down" before he shoots him. After hobbling out of the basement, the couple exits the basement and prepares to leave the cabin. Mike tells Sheryl to run for help, and as she does, she is confronted by Deacon in the cabin. After a chase, she sets him on fire by pouring moonshine on him and then a lit match. She picks up his sickle and enters the cabin to get Mike. Ida charges out of the basement and stabs Mike with a knife; Sheryl quickly decapitates her with the sickle she took from Deacon. A year has passed as we see the couple putting their baby to bed, leaving the room. As the movie ends the camera fades over to the window where Deacon\'s sickle is suddenly shown.'] ['Set roughly twenty years after the events of its predecessor, the film opens with Karl Berger, Jr., son of the previous film\'s antagonist, using a machete to kill the sole survivor of a drug deal gone wrong. The film then switches to Hamburg reporter Paul Glas, who is meeting with an informant known as "Mr. X" to discuss a series of recent murders Glas believes are connected to the killing spree Karl, Sr. went on two decades ago. After showing Glas top secret photographs of several victims, Mr. X tells the reporter everything the authorities know about the murders. Switching to two years ago, Karl, Jr. is shown being given a machete as a birthday present by his adoptive mother, a decrepit old woman and Karl, Sr.\'s lover, who discovered and buried the original Karl\'s remains, and took in the son he gave birth to, intent on raising him to be the ultimate killing machine in order to avenge his father\'s death. Sent out to fulfill his destiny, Karl attacks a quintet of campers, killing two and taking the other three back home, where he mutilates and tortures them to death for the amusement of his mother, who drinks the victims\' blood and allows her son to perform cunnilingus on her as a reward for his good work. Embarking on a homicidal rampage, and occasionally returning home to rest and be told perverted bedtime stories by his mother, Karl murders a pair of fishermen, a group of construction workers, a jogger, and a young couple. Karl\'s spree culminates in him breaking into a pornographic theatre, where he guns down the manager and over a dozen patrons. Upon returning home after this mass shooting, Karl discovers his mother has been decapitated, her severed head informing him "your father\'s back" before expiring. In the present day, Mr. X tells Glas that the police eventually discovered the killer\'s cabin, which had an old woman\'s head and at least fifteen dismembered bodies in it. When asked by Glas if the man responsible was ever caught, Mr. X says no, and bids Glas goodbye, reminding him that he absolutely must not publish the pictures he had given him. Leaving shortly after Mr. X does, Glas rips up the photographs, deeming the story he has been told too twisted to tell the public.'] ['{{plot}} A flight attendant attacks passengers and crew on an airplane, which turns out to be a scene in a film shooting at a film academy. As the students are preparing for their thesis films and the prestigious Hitchcock award, a student named Amy Mayfield  is unsure about her thesis. But after a conversation with security guard Reese Wilson , , she decides to make a film about a serial killer murdering in the fashion of urban legends. Meanwhile, a student named Lisa  is drinking in a bar, when someone drugs her drink. Lisa feels dazed and prepares to leave the bar, when someone abducts her. She wakes up in a bath-tub filled with ice and discovers that her kidney was removed. Attacked by her abductor, she tries to flee through the window and is decapitated in the process. Lisa is not missed as she was about to go on a trip. The next day, Amy is preparing the shooting of her thesis film but is deserted by the assigned camera man, Toby Belcher , who accuses Amy of stealing his thesis idea. Shooting begins with another camera man, Simon. When Sandra , Amy\'s actress friend who played a victim in a scene, returns to an empty studio after forgetting her keys, she is attacked by the same killer who killed Lisa. Her friends witness her death when the material is smuggled into a sequence of takes of the scene, but discount it as another piece of acting, wondering who shot it. As there is no body and Sandra was about to go on a trip, her disappearance goes unnoticed. Travis , a friend of Amy who was depressed about having received a poor grade on his thesis film, is found to have committed suicide at the campus tower. At the funeral, Amy is offered help by Graham , a student from a prosperous Hollywood background. She refuses, wishing to make it on her own. This offends Graham, who thinks it hypocritical, as Amy grew up in Hollywood as the daughter of a famous documentary film maker before moving to Chicago. At night, Amy enters the tower and is surprised by Trevor, Travis\' twin brother, who claims that Travis was murdered. The next night, Simon  is attacked by the killer but his screaming for help goes unnoticed as the others are doing the "midnight scream". Amy, who has heard his last scream on her head phones, is suspicious and asks Reese to review the surveillance tapes. After she has detected the assault on Simon on the tapes, she is confronted by the killer. During the ensuing chase, she loses the tapes and cannot prove her claims to a skeptical Reese. Amy now believes the claims of Trevor and meets up with him but, he still refuses to inform the police, hinting at a criminal past. The next scene to be shot involves the "Tunnel of Terror", which is set up in an old carnival ride. Sophomores Stan  and Dirk  are attacked and electrocuted by the killer while preparing the tunnel. Amy, who is taking a tour of the tunnel, discovers the corpses and is again confronted by the killer. She escapes again and informs the police, who attribute the deaths to accidental electrocution. Amy is comforted by Trevor. They begin having sex when Trevor suddenly stabs Amy. She wakes up and realizes that it was only a dream. Seeing a light on at the bell-tower, she decides to go there and finds her lesbian friend, Vanessa . Vanessa received a love note supposedly written by Amy, but when Amy disclaims any knowledge of such a note, the two are attacked by the killer and chased to the top of the tower, where Vanessa is captured. Meanwhile, Amy is locked in a room also containing Sandra and Simon\'s corpses. When Amy manages to break out, she finds Vanessa being hanged from the bell. Amy runs out of the tower into the arms of Trevor, who has found out that the thing the victims all had in common was their having worked on Travis\' thesis film. They review Travis\' film, which turns out to be awful, and find out that somebody placed Travis\' credits onto another film. They suspect Toby, the only person working on the film left alive. They kidnap him and call in Professor Solomon  to present their suspicions. However, Toby reveals that Travis faked Toby\'s sound credit to help him graduate admitting that he never went anywhere near Travis\' film. Upset that he gave Toby "an A for nothing", Professor Solomon shoots Toby and threatens Amy and Trevor. He also reveals that he murdered Travis making it look like a suicide. He holds Trevor at gunpoint and Amy yells to him is this what he wants. He reveals feeling trapped in a teaching position since failing to win the Hitchcock award in his student days for which he blames Amy\'s father, who cast the deciding vote against him. He now wanted to take credit for Travis\' brilliant film and use Amy\'s Urban Legend film to eliminate all who worked with Travis, framing Amy in the process. Graham, who has been lurking in the back all this time, hits Solomon with a chair hoping to knock him out, but is shot by the professor after saying, "It only works in movies." In the confusion, Trevor manages to disarm the professor. Then, Solomon threatens Trevor with a shovel while Amy gets a hold of the gun and threatens Solomon. Reese storms in, thinking Amy to be the killer, and forces her to drop the gun. Solomon accuses Amy, and calls attention to the fact that Reese saw Amy running out of the tower. As Reese never told anyone about this, she becomes suspicious and punches the professor. He tries to take her gun, but in the ensuing brawl, Reese\'s gun is lost amongst a pile of prop guns. Amy, Trevor and Solomon all grab for a gun. Trevor\'s gun is a fake when he tries to shoot Solomon, and Solomon\'s gun is a fake when he tries to shoot Amy. Amy got a hold of Reese\'s gun but hesitates to fire. Solomon attacks her again, but she shoots him. Then scene then cuts to the Hitchcock awards, where an award is posthumously given to Travis. As Trevor is about to accept the award on his late brother\'s behalf, a sniper appears in the rafters, only to be shot down by Reese. The altercation is then revealed to be a scene in Amy\'s new film "Urban Legends". We also see that Toby and Graham survived their attacks and are now busily working on her behalf. The final scenes show Solomon in a mental institution where, after watching Amy\'s film, the nurse asks him if he enjoyed the movie. He is wheeled out by a nurse, who is revealed to be Brenda , the previous film\'s killer saying that they have a lot in common.'] ["The film begins with a sleepover of children prank calling people playing the game Seventy Five while their parents are in the other room having drinks. The rules of the game are that you must keep some random person on the line for 75 seconds, and they must believe what you’re saying. As the night goes on the kids go to bed, a man whom the kids recently called calls back, before jumping from a closet and killing all the parents in the house with an axe as the children hide in their bedrooms. Ten years later, Chuck  is murdered in his house by an unknown figure. Meanwhile, Brandon ([[Jonathan Chase  is throwing a party at his fathers secluded mansion. Brandon invites his ex-girlfriend, Karina , so he can try and get back together with her, but she insists that her group of friends also come, including Marcus , Roxy , Shawn , Kareem , Scott  and Jody . As the group are about to leave, Scott decides he wants to change his clothes and runs inside, emerging a few moments later from his house. As the group drive to the house, they stop off at a gas station, where it is revealed Chuck was one of the children from the original Waley murders. Meanwhile, two detectives, Detective Anne Hastings  and Detective John Criton  begin an investigation to find out where the Waley children now are. As they continue their investigation, they discover more of them have been murdered. As the group arrive and the party starts, Brandon and his friend Cal  show everyone around, revealing that the house is filled with cameras which can be monitored on screens in the monitoring room, due to the house previously being used as a reality show set. After a few hours of partying, Marcus suggests a game of Seventy Five. Various people take part, until one caller murders someone for the group to hear. They all decide to not answer the phone and continue with their night. After most people have left, Becky  answers the phone to give directions to the pizza man, not realizing the pizza had already been delivered. While everyone goes to bed, Karina and Brandon make up. Becky stays up with Julie  and two boys. The door bell rings so Becky goes to answer it, but the killer swiftly decapitates her, before murdering the two boys and then Julie. The killer then proceeds to decapitate a boy in the hot tub before drowning his girlfriend. Kareem witnesses this and rounds up Roxy, Marcus and Anna  to leave. The group split up to find the others. Marcus finds Jody and Cal, but soon discover Anna has been murdered. The killer chases Marcus, Jody and Cal through the house, but they manage to get away by getting into Brandon and Karina's room. Soon after Kareem and Roxy arrive with an unconscious Scott, who Kareem accidentally knocked out. Brandon blames Marcus for the murders, causing a fight to break out. After a while of waiting, Brandon and Karina leave to retrieve keys for Brandon's car, while Marcus and Kareem search for Shawn. The killer soon attacks Brandon and Karina, and Brandon is eventually axed in the back, killing him. The killer then throws Karina off the balcony, however she survives and runs into the monitor room. Meanwhile, Cal goes outside to try and hot wire a car. As he succeeds, the killer appears and beats him to death, although he does manage to summon help to the house. As Marcus and Kareem search they hear screams and so rush back to the room, only to find everyone has fled. They soon discover a Roxy has been murdered, before finding Scott. The killer attacks them, but Marcus and Kareem manage to overpower them and pin them to the ground. As Scott swings the axe, he kills Kareem, before attempting to murder Marcus, who manages to escape to the monitoring room. Karina and Marcus watch in horror as both Jody and then Shawn are murdered. Scott soon comes to the monitoring room, with his accomplice , who is revealed to be an inmate from the mental hospital they both recently escaped from. He goes on to reveal that he is, in fact, Scott's twin brother, Josh, and that he murdered Scott before they left for the party. Josh tells Marcus he blames him for the deaths of his parents all those years ago as he was the one that wanted to play Seventy Five. Josh then turns on his accomplice, stabbing him, before a fight breaks out between him, Karina and Marcus. Eventually, Josh stabs Karina to death. While Marcus swings the axe to kill Josh, Detectives Anne and John arrive and shoot Marcus, believing he is the killer. As Anne and John comfort Josh, the accomplice rises with an axe and swings it towards the detectives."] ['{{plot}} In the small Southern Italian village of Accendura, three local boys, Bruno, Michele, and Tonino are engaged in mischief. Giuseppe Barra  a local simpleton and peeping tom, who is seen spying on two rowdy swinging couples, is surprised when the three boys appear behind him and yell out, "Giuseppe\'s a big baby!" which goads him into a state of bitter resentment. Meanwhile, in the hills surrounding the village, a reclusive Gypsy witch named La Magiara , is conducting sinister black magic ceremonies, first by digging up the skeletal remains of an infant, and then plunging pins through the heads of three tiny clay dolls. It makes it clear that these are the three youths taunting Giuseppe. When Michele returns home, his housekeeper mother urges him to deliver some orange juice to their employer, Patrizia  a young woman from Milan who is lying low in the village after a drug scandal. Patrizia offers undefined sexual favors to the local adolescents when she\'s shown sexually taunting Michele. When Bruno goes missing, a media circus begins as reporters from all over Italy converge on the town. One of them is Andrea Martelli  a sharp-witted journalist from Rome whose insights into the case are acknowledged by the regional police commissioner  working with the collaboration of the village chief of police Captain Modesti . Giuseppe is soon arrested when he\'s found near the dead body of Bruno, but he protests his innocence and claims to have only discovered the body and then phoned his parents in a feeble attempt to extract a ransom. When the dead body of Tonino is found, the police realize Giuseppe is innocent. A few nights later during a thunderstorm, Michele sneaks out of his house to meet with someone he speaks to over the phone and is strangled by an unseen assailant and his body found the following morning. Martelli befriends Patrizia whom he recognizes from newspapers when he worked in Milan. Patrizia is considered a whore by rest of the insular villagers because of her modern style of dress with halter-tops and mini-skirts. Martelli also meets with the young village priest, Don Alberto Avallone  and his strangely reserved mother Aurelia . Don Alberto runs a boys group at the church  and he also encourages the boys to play soccer on the church grounds to keep them out of trouble. Don Alberto is known and respected by everyone in the village. But Aurelia is a dour mysterious woman. A villager confides in Martelli that, "she is only tolerated because she is the priest\'s mother. " Elsewhere, Captain Modesti and his aide meet with Francesco , an eccentric old hermit living in a stone hut in the hills overlooking the town, who practices black magic and offers charms and potions to the superstitious. He tells the police he has passed his knowledge of black magic to his disciple, Magiara, and also shares time with the thrill-seeking Patrizia. He is also rumored to have had  a baby from a tryst with Magiara. Angered by Francesco\'s unwillingness to co-operate with the investigation, the police hunt down and arrest Magiara. Under interrogation, she gleefully confesses to the murders. However, it seems to Modesti and the Commissioner that she believes her voodoo dolls and incantations have merely brought about the deaths of the three interfering boys, and she professes to have no interest or awareness of the physical methods used. An alibi provided by a policeman sighting Magiara miles away from the latest murder scene clinches her legal innocence and she is released. Nonetheless, the hostile and superstitious villagers are not convinced and the so-called "witch" is set upon in a local graveyard by a mob of men who beat her with chains and leave her for dead. The mortally-wounded Magiara drags herself to the nearby expressway where she futilely tries to flag down a car, and dies on the shoulder of the road. The following day, another boy is found murdered, drowned in a local stream. Patrizia herself becomes a suspect when Martelli finds her gold-plated cigarette lighter at the scene of the latest killing and while being interrogated refuses to supply an alibi for the nights of each killing. Under threat of incarceration, she\'s forced to admit she traveled outside Accendura to buy marijuana and the police release her. Martelli and Patrizia become more determined to track down the killer on their own. During further meetings with Don Alberto, Martelli learns Don Alberto\'s mother has another young child, a six-year-old girl born mentally challenged. Martelli is convinced the little girl is a witness to the killings after seeing her compulsively pulls the heads off her dolls, as if doing an imitation of the strangulations. One doll\'s head, that of Donald Duck, is found near the latest crime scene. But Martelli and Patrizia wonder: is the killer the priest or his mother? When Aurelia disappears with her daughter, Martelli and Patrizia track her down to a shack overlooking the town. When they arrive, Aurelia is found barely conscious begging them to help her stop her insane son. Don Alberto is the killer, he strangled the boys, not for their sins, but to prevent them from committing sin when they grew up, as well as to save them from the "horrors of sexuality", thus sending them to Heaven with clean souls. Don Alberto tries to throw his little sister, a witness to the crimes, off a cliff. Martelli arrives in the nick of time, and after a climatic fistfight between Martelli and Don Alberto, the insane priest loses his footing and falls of the cliff to a gruesome death.'] ["The film takes place in a theater late at night as a troupe of actors are rehearsing a musical about a mass murderer known as the Night Owl. The show's leading lady, Alicia , sprains her ankle and she and the wardrobe mistress, Betty , sneak out of the rehearsal to go to a doctor. But the closest medical facility is a mental hospital. The psychiatrist on duty is only happy to help, but the wardrobe mistress notices a restrained patient on a bed lying in a room behind bars. The doctor tells them that it is Irving Wallace, a former actor who went berserk and killed over a dozen people. Unbeknownst to any of them, Wallace has killed one of the attendants with a syringe and sneaked out of the asylum, hiding in the back of Betty's car. Once they arrive back at the theater the over-bearing director  fires Alicia for leaving during rehearsal. She packs her things and gets ready to leave, but makes a terrifying discovery in the parking lot...Betty's murdered corpse. After the police have taken the body away and stationed two patrol officers in the parking lot to keep an eye on the premises, the director has one of his actresses hide the theater's key so no one can leave, as he has decided to alter the play's script. Instead of being an anonymous killer, he renames the show's antagonist Irving Wallace, and he wants everyone to stay the night and begin immediate rehearsals with the new material. But things become even more nightmarish when the real Wallace disembowels the actress who hid the key, and the remaining members of the cast and crew realize that there is no way to escape the psychopath's clutches."] ["The day begins with a popular student, Carol Manning , jokingly asking Marty Rantzen , the school nerd, to have sex with her in the women's locker room. After he removes his clothes, Marty is surprisingly exposed to a group of students who tease him in several ways, including jabbing at his crotch with a javelin, giving him an electric shock and dunking his head into a toilet bowl. This prank ends when the students' coach comes in to find out what is happening. The students are forced to perform a vigorous workout in the gymnasium. Still, two students give Marty a marijuana joint laced with poison, which he smokes in the science lab where he is working on a chemistry project. The joint makes him so sick he runs to the men's room to vomit. While he is gone, Skip, one of the popular kids, rigs the experiment to explode in Marty's face. Upon Marty's return, the set-up works, causing Marty to panic, and a great fire to erupt in the lab after he knocks over a Bunsen burner. In the struggle, Marty accidentally bumps into a shelf where a precariously placed jug of acid sits, causing the jug to fall and break, which splashes acid on Marty's face, leaving him horribly disfigured. The sound attracts the attention of the students, who stand by the door in shock. Years later, those behind the prank are invited back to the school for a reunion. Upon arriving, they discover that the campus was shuttered years ago and the building is in disrepair, awaiting demolition. They begin to think that one of the former students was behind the invitations, but everyone denies it. They decide to break into the school to hang out and drink alcohol, and come across a room containing their old school lockers, which to their surprise are filled with their old belongings. They notice Marty's old locker, and the alumni begin questioning what happened to him after the prank-gone-awry. Skip tells them that Marty is doing fine and probably forgot all about what happened. He has supposedly been in a mental institution. Soon thereafter, the friends begin to die in gruesome ways at the hands of a mysterious killer dressed like a jester. One's stomach explodes, one melts away in an acid bath, one is impaled on a javelin, one is chopped up by a riding lawn mower. They quickly come to believe it is Marty, deranged and bent on revenge. All the former students wind up dead then come back as ghosts and the film closes with Marty apparently going insane. He wakes up in a mental hospital, restrained to a bed and wearing bandages on his face, and had in fact dreamed the events of the massacre. The film ends with Marty strangling the nurse, jamming a syringe into the doctor's eye and peeling a chunk of skin from his own face."] ['Kenneth Winslow is an extremely shy but knowledgeable technical writer who orders a sex-doll. He develops a relationship with "Nikki," to the point of talking and even arguing with her. Kenneth begins to display bizarre behavior, and starts to feel stalked by Nikki. Their relationship evolves into a love-hate situation, and at one point even beats the doll. At work, Kenneth meets Lisa , a temp, with whom he begins to develop a relationship. Kenneth encourages Lisa to resemble Nikki by cutting her hair the way Nikki has it and wearing the same clothes Nikki has. As his imagined relationship with Nikki becomes more sinister and dominating, Kenneth resorts to cutting up and disposing of the doll. Lisa eventually becomes aware of Nikki\'s existence, and promptly breaks up with Kenneth. Later, a bound and gagged Lisa is discovered by Kenneth\'s landlord, and Kenneth bludgeons him with a hammer. Kenneth then begins to transform Lisa into the doll. He dresses her up in Nikki\'s clothes, straps her down, and begins to replace her blood with embalming fluid . Lisa manages to escape from her restraints and attacks Kenneth with a small statue, rendering him unconscious. At this point the police arrive, and when they see Lisa over the unconscious Kenneth they shoot her. Lisa, wearing Nikki\'s clothes, falls dead in the crate Nikki came in, thus completing her transformation. Kenneth is believed to be Lisa\'s victim, and is not charged with a crime. Much later, he re-orders another Nikki. While buying flowers for Nikki, he notices the attractive brunette at the floral shop. The viewer is left to assume the Kenneth\'s obsessive love triangle cycle will start all over again.'] ['The plot of Welcome to the Jungle concerns two young couples who go to Southwest New Guinea from Fiji in order to find Michael Rockefeller, the son of New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller who disappeared back in 1961, and sell an interview with him to the tabloids for $1,000,000. After a close encounter with armed criminals and psychopathic border guards, and after finding evidence that suggests that Michael Rockefeller may still be alive, the group finally makes it to the jungle where Rockefeller was last seen. The group ventures deep into the jungle where they find two Christian missionaries and a middle-aged Australian man who warns the group not to disturb the tribes in the area or else they will be killed. However tensions rise between the two couples which ultimately attracts the attention of local bloodthirsty cannibalistic tribes who then stalk one of the young couples while they are on a makeshift boat in the river and then attack them when they made their way to shore. Meanwhile, the next morning the other couple realizes that most of their essential belongings are missing, and they fear that the other couple took their items and went on ahead to find and interview Rockefeller without them. They then decide to go find their friends but end up finding blood and bits of their clothing on the shore where they were kidnapped. Fearing for their welfare the two go deep into the jungle and later that day find the body of the woman of the other couple. Later that night they find half-eaten bodies of the Christian missionaries whom they met earlier and then find their male friend whose legs and arms have been eaten off; they decide to kill him and escape. After escaping from the cannibals, the young couple come across a seemingly friendlier non-cannibalistic tribe who invites them to their village and provides them with food to eat. The couple then talks about what they are going to do with their lives after they escape, but their conversation is cut short when the tribe who invited them knock the young couple unconscious and kill them while their portable camera carries on filming. Seconds later, an old man is seen walking away from the tribe. There is no information of who this old man could be, but there is a possibility that it could be Michael Rockefeller, who has been kept alive by the tribe since he was captured by them in 1961.'] ["It is set in London in Edwardian times, and stars Angharad Rees as Anna, a vulnerable young woman who is exploited by her guardian , a medium, and haunted by the subconscious memory of her mother's murder by her father - Jack the Ripper. She is taken in by a Freudian psychiatrist , who is determined to find out the cause of her by-now-murderous impulses."] ["{{plot}} The end of the Second World War: newsreel footage of troops returning from Europe on board the Queen Mary. In a letter sent to her lover abroad, a woman named Rosemary writes that she can no longer wait for him. On June 28, 1945 - the town of Avalon Bay holds its graduation dance. Rosemary  is attending with her new boyfriend Roy . The two go off and spend some romantic time together in a gazebo. Ominously, someone approaches the couple and cuts the power. The stranger is wearing full combat gear and carrying a pitchfork. As Rosemary and Roy embrace, she looks up and sees the pitchfork over them. Rosemary screams and the stranger plunges it through the both of them... and then leaves a long-stemmed red rose in the dead woman's hand. Thirty five years later, the town prepares for another graduation dance. There hasn't been one since that fateful night. Pam MacDonald  stops by to see Sheriff George Fraser . Their discussion turns to Major Chatham  and his refusal to allow the annual celebrations after the murders all those years ago. The Sheriff tells Pam that someone has robbed a nearby store and then cut up a kid and took his car. Authorities are afraid the killer is headed towards Avalon. Despite that possibility, the sheriff is leaving town to go fishing. He puts Mark London , his deputy, in charge. Pam and Mark have an attraction for each other and go on a lunch date. She shows him an article she wrote about the return of the graduation dance and tells Mark she's concerned about his safety. Pam also tells her roommate Sherry  that she's worried about the Columbus killer. Sherry tries to calm her friend's nerves while the other girls in the dormitory are excitedly preparing for the dance. Lisa  even flashes Major Chatham, who's sitting in his wheelchair in the house across from them. As Pam is putting the finishing touches on her outfit, someone else is getting ready too. But this person is putting on his combat uniform, complete with bayonet, hunting knife, and shotgun. Sherry gets into the shower, and before Pam heads out, Pam asks her if she should wait. Sherry tells her to leave because she's waiting for her boyfriend Carl . When Carl shows up, he surprises Sherry in the shower. Hoping to have a little fun before they leave, he goes into the bedroom to undress. Suddenly, an intruder grabs him from behind and plunges the bayonet through Carl's head until the other end comes out of his neck. The force is so great that the victim's eyes roll back into his head. Sherry is still in the shower when she sees someone through the curtain approaching. She thinks it's Carl...until the killer pulls the curtain open and is holding a pitchfork. As Sherry screams, he lunges it under her breasts. He then lifts her up as he sticks the pitchfork in further killing her. At the party, Pam is happy to see Mark when he arrives. But before she can talk to him, Lisa pulls him away to dance. Pam stands by the cocktails, frustrated and annoyed. When Mark comes over to talk to her, Lisa follows him. Tipsy from the alcohol, she knocks into him and he spills some liquor on Pam's dress. Pam is furious and heads back to the dorm to change her outfit. When Pam gets to her room, she hears the shower running. Still thinking that Sherry is in the shower, she closes the door. Little does she know that Sherry is dead and that the killer is still in the bathroom. The room is dark enough that she doesn't see Carl's blood on the bed. She changes and then leaves. But as she's going down the stairs, she hears something. Pam looks up at the top of the stairs and sees a dark figure...what looks like a G.I. She gets creeped out and runs through the dorm. There's no one around and just as the killer comes near her, Pam makes it outside. She knocks right into Major Chatham, who grabs her arm. She breaks free and finds Mark. When she tells him that someone has been chasing her, he takes his flashlight and searches around the dorm. Mark doesn't find anything besides wheelchair marks. He returns to his car where Pam is waiting for him - and she tells him to check the dorm because Sherry and Carl are still in there. Mark goes inside and towards the bedroom but the door is locked. He doesn't see that there are two dead bodies in the tub. Pam and Mark go to Major Chatham's house. It's dark and the old man is nowhere to be found. The killer is in the house and he watches them. During their search, Pam finds an old scrapbook and discovers that Chatham's dead daughter's middle name was Rosemary. She was the girl killed 35 years ago. The two then go back to the dance, where they tell Miss Allison  about the prowler on the campus. The teacher tells the students they should stay put and not go out until the person has been apprehended. That message comes too late for Lisa. Angry that her date Paul has been puking in the bathroom, she's gone to the pool for a late night swim. After doing a few laps, she ascends the stairs of the pool to go back to the party. The killer is standing above her and kicks her in the face. Shocked by the attack, Lisa tries to swim away but is unable to get her bearings. The killer then comes up from behind, takes his bayonet - and slices her neck. Her body falls lifelessly to the bottom of the water. Paul wants to leave the dance and find Lisa but the teachers won't let him. He's so drunk and rowdy that he gets thrown out. Mark and Pam take him to the station house, where Mark puts him in a jail cell. Told that the local cemetery has been desecrated, the two then head out to see what's happened. When they get there, they find Rosemary Chatham's grave dug up. They open the coffin and find Lisa's body in it. Meanwhile, Miss Allison has left to see if she can find Lisa. She sees blood in the pool and panics. As she tries to run away, the killer grabs her and thrusts the bayonet into her neck. Mark tries to reach Sheriff Fraser at the lodge he's staying at but can't get in touch with him. Before heading back to Major Chatham's house, Mark tries to drop Pam off at the dance. She refuses and insists on going with him. When they get there, Mark leaves her for a moment and is knocked unconscious by the killer. Pam spies a necklace dangling from inside the fireplace and tries to pull it out. Still in her graduation dance dress, Rosemary's skeleton falls out of the chimney. Pam tries to find Mark but is confronted by the killer. She runs through the house trying to get away and hides under a bed. The madman is now in the same room. Pam makes every attempt to be still...even as a rat comes near her. Finally, Pam gets up and runs out of the room. She manages to get the pitchfork away from the killer and holds it up for protection as he comes near her. Just then, Otto from Kingsley's convenience store, enters the room and shoots the prowler. Seconds later, the killer takes out his own shotgun and shoots Otto. Pam stabs the prowler with the pitchfork and they struggle for the shotgun. The murderer pulls his mask off and Pam is horrified to see his identity. It's been Sheriff Fraser all along. Pam gets the upper hand, points the gun at his head and fires...exploding it to bits. The next day, Pam returns to the dorm, she goes into the bathroom in her bedroom and opens the shower door. Sherry's body is on the floor of the tub and Carl is hanging from the showerhead by his tie. Suddenly, Carl's corpse reaches out to grab her. She screams and the screen cuts to black."] ["Eileen  and her boyfriend Woody  are driving through the desert. When their car gets a flat Woody goes to find a gas station. Their friends Becky , Jerry  and Molly  are traveling separately in a different vehicle. They reach Eileen waiting at the car and they all drive off to collect Woody. Woody has found a gas station but it appears deserted. He enters the back room but becomes trapped. Various mannequins appear in the room, and multiple objects fly at him until a metal pipe impales and kills him. The others find a tourist trap and conclude Woody is there. As they drive in, their vehicle mysteriously breaks down. Jerry tries to fix his jeep and the girls go skinny dipping in a nearby oasis. As they swim, Slausen  appears holding a shotgun. Though outwardly polite he also seems embittered by the decline of his tourist trap since the highway was moved away. The nude girls feel awkward in the water as he chats and they apologise for tresspassing. Slausen offers to help Jerry with the jeep, but insists the group go to his house with him to get his tools. There, they see the tourist trap: animated wax works type figures including armed bandits. Eileen is curious about a nearby house, but Slausen insists the women stay inside the museum. Slausen takes Jerry to fix the jeep leaving the women. Eileen leaves to find a phone in the other house. There she finds several mannequins inside the house. Someone calls her name, and a stranger wearing a grotesque mask suddenly appears behind her. Various items in the room move of their own accord and the scarf Eileen is wearing tightens and strangles her. Slausen returns to Molly and Becky saying that Jerry drove his truck into town. When told that Eileen left, he goes to the house and finds Eileen has been turned into a mannequin. He returns and tells Molly and Becky he did not find Eileen and will leave again to continue the search. Frustrated the women also later leave to search for her. Becky enters the nearby house and finds a mannequin resembling Eileen. Becky is attacked by the masked killer and then by multiple mannequins. She later wakes up tied up in the basement along with Jerry. Jerry says the killer is Slausen's brother. Also held captive is Tina , who is strapped to a table. She is killed when the masked man covers her face with plaster, causing her to suffocate. Jerry frees himself and attacks the killer, but is soon overpowered. Jerry tries to reach for a key but the killer telepathically moves it from his reach. Molly, still outside searching for the others, is pursued by the masked man. She meets Slausen who drives her to the museum and gives her a gun while he goes inside. The masked man appears and Molly shoots, but the gun is loaded with blanks. The man removes the mask: it is Slausen. She panics and tries to elude Slausen but is soon captured and restrained to a bed. Becky and Jerry escape from the basement but, get separated. Slausen appears and takes Becky to the museum. There the Old West figures begin shooting at her, and she is killed by an Indian Chief figure who throws a knife at her, stabbing her in the back of the neck. Back at the house, Jerry arrives to rescue Molly, but he is revealed to have unknowingly been turned into a mannequin. Slausen dances with the figure of his wife, and Molly sees that the wife has become animated. Traumatised, she kills Slausen with an axe. The film then ends where it takes place the next morning, and a grinning Molly is seen driving away in the jeep with the mannequin versions of her friends."] ['A sorority house is hosting a Christmas party late into the night. A seemingly disoriented man climbs up the house\'s trellis and through an open attic window. During the party, sorority sister Jess Bradford  receives an obscene phone call from a recurrent caller the house has named "the moaner". After Barbara "Barb" Coard  jokingly provokes the caller, he replies, "I\'m going to kill you", then hangs up. Soon after, Clare Harrison  is offended by Barb and goes upstairs to finish packing for her trip home. In her room, she finds Claude the cat on the bed. She tells him to move as she has got some things to do. While she is packing, she hears the cat\'s cries and goes to investigate. Clare is attacked by the disoriented man and asphyxiated with plastic sheeting over her head. He carries her dead body to the attic and places it in a rocking chair next to the attic window and puts a doll in her lap. The next day, Mr. Harrison , Clare\'s father, arrives to take Clare home for the holidays. When Clare is not at their agreed-upon meeting place, he goes to the sorority house. Meanwhile, Jess meets her boyfriend, Peter Smythe , a neurotic aspiring pianist, and informs him that she is pregnant and wants to have an abortion. Peter is upset by her decision and orders her to discuss the situation with him later. Mr. Harrison and sorority sisters Barb and Phyllis "Phyl" Carlson  arrive at the police station to report Clare\'s disappearance. Sgt. Nash dismisses the report and says that Clare is probably "hiding with a lover". After Jess informs Clare\'s boyfriend, Chris , about Clare\'s disappearance and Sgt. Nash\'s dismissive attitude, they rush back to the police station to discuss the disappearance with Lt. Kenneth Fuller ([[John Saxon . A local mother reports that her daughter, Janice, is missing as well. That evening, Mr. Harrison, Chris, and the sorority sisters join a search party aiming to find Janice or Clare. Back at the house, Mrs. MacHenry , the sorority\'s housemother, hears Claude\'s meows in the attic and investigates. She discovers Clare\'s body, but the killer launches a crane hook into Mrs. MacHenry\'s head and hangs her. After the search party finds Janice\'s dead body near the park, Jess returns home and receives another obscene phone call. Jess phones the police about the caller. Later, Peter arrives and argues with Jess about her decision to have an abortion. Peter becomes frustrated and leaves after Lt. Fuller arrives to discuss the phone calls with Jess. A technician places a tap "bug tracer" onto the sorority house phone to trace the phone calls. An officer is also stationed outside the house. After Barb is sent to bed for being "too drunk", the killer appears in her room and stabs her to death with a unicorn ornament. Door-to-door Christmas carolers drown out the noise of the attack. Jess receives another obscene phone call that quotes a part of the argument she had with Peter. Jess suspects Peter of being the caller, but she and Phyl decided that it cannot be him, since Peter was present during one of the earlier calls. Phyl goes upstairs to bed, but decides to check on Barb first. As Phyl goes into the room to check on Barb, the door suddenly shuts. The calls continue to come in. Jess manages to keep the caller on the phone for a minute, allowing the police to trace the location of the call to inside the house . Jess is ordered to leave the house immediately, but she puts down the phone and yells up to Barb and Phyl. Lt. Fuller is informed of the situation and leaves for the house. Jess arms herself with a fireplace poker and ventures upstairs, finding both Barb and Phyl\'s dead bodies. The unseen caller attacks Jess and chases her through the house, so Jess locks herself in the basement. Peter appears outside a basement window, telling Jess he heard screaming. He breaks the glass and enters the room. Jess, believing him to be the attacker, backs into a corner as he approaches. Lt. Fuller and the police arrive at the house and find the officer stationed outside dead in his car. Hearing Jess scream, they rush inside and find Jess in the basement with Peter, whom Jess has bludgeoned to death in self-defense. Later, Jess is sedated as Fuller and the officers discuss how Peter must have been the killer all along. They also discuss the fact that Clare\'s body still hasn\'t been found, revealing that they neglected to look in the attic. The officers leave Jess to sleep in her bed, stating that a man will be right outside the front door. Once the house is quiet, the phone starts to ring. The audience is shown the attic, with Clare and Mrs. MacHenry\'s bodies still undisturbed as the killer whispers, "Agnes? it\'s me, Billy." The camera pulls back to show the outside of the house, and the telephone continues to ring.'] ["Late at night, two college students  are busy making out in a parked convertible. Ignoring the girl's frequent objections, her boyfriend pushes on. Outside, a shadowy madman jumps on top of the car, slicing his way through the fabric roof. Reaching inside, the lunatic grabs the young man and pulls him up and out onto the car's hood. Brandishing a blade, the killer stabs the poor man to death. Sleepy Lanier College is nearing the end of Final Exam week, a frenzied semester cap time of grades, goodbyes and pranks. As the students prepare for their tests as well as the coming vacation break, little do they suspect a psycho in a black van is stalking them one by one. Plain but amiable Courtney  is completing her exams and studying hard. Averse to hitting the books, her roommate Lisa  is busy packing and getting back to the city. Meanwhile, Gamma Delta fraternity pledge Gary  has pinned his girlfriend Janet ...and paid for it by being treed by his brothers, stripped to his briefs, awash in shaving cream and ice cubes shoved down his underwear. As night falls on Lanier, a freezing Gary hopes his beloved Janet will free him from his humiliation. Untied from the tree by an unknown figure, Gary breathes a sigh of relief...and is then stabbed to death on quadrangle lawn. Better late than never, a playful Janet comes to rescue her man, but discovers no Gary. Seeing a dark figure nearby, Janet mistakes the killer for Gary and runs to meet him. The murderer grabs the girl into the shadows. Energetic but dim witted Gamma brother Wildman  is on the prowl for pain pills his frat can sell on the open market, a search that's led him to the darkened campus gymnasium. Having scored the booty, Wildman heads home. But before he can leave, the hulking killer confronts the defenseless chap and corners him in the school weight room. There, Wildman meets his grisly end via 'strangulation by weights.' Soon enough, Mark  finds his buddy Wildman dead in the locker room, El Wildo's body stuffed inside a locker compartment. But the killer isn't far behind and chases Mark to the school's electrical building. Surprising Mark from inside an empty barrel, the slasher stabs the studen repeatedly. Radish  is Lanier's uncontested nerd, a book smart twerp fascinated by serial killers, mass murderers...and Courtney. This night, as he sets about on a thorough inventory of the campus gym equipment, he discovers Mark's bloodied body and immediately calls the police. But due to ongoing pranks from the Gamma house, the authorities are disbelieving and unamused. Deciding to warn his secret love about the menacing stalker, Radish runs back to Courtney's dorm and straight to the girl's room, where the killer is waiting for the hapless geek. Returning to her studies after a Pepsi break, Courtney is surprised to find Radish's head sticking through her splintered door...and even more shocked to discover it isn't a joke. Frightened, Courtney tries to rouse help from a now abandoned dorm...indeed, the campus is desolate. Except for Lisa. Waiting for her lover Charlie in the conservatory, Lisa plays the piano and then decides to strip down and wait for beau au natural. The killer enters the room and stabs lovely Lisa to death. Courtney has now made her way to the conservatory and hears music from the piano room. But opening the door reveals the killer; Courtney runs for her life straight to the cafeteria. There, she grabs a knife and tries to call the police. No luck. Using the automatic food chute, the killer locates Courtney in the kitchen. The poor girl briefly manages to lock the psycho in the kitchen storage room, but forgets to lock a second door. The chase then continues throughout the school. Outside in the quad, Courtney wanders frantically before finally seeking refuge in the campus tower. But the killer isn't far behind. Inside, the two climb story after story. Lanier's sports coach  has arrived for a hunting date with campus security guard Mitch . Courtney screams for help from the tower window. The coach arrives and  shoots the killer with an arrow. Brazenly, the psycho grabs the arrow and returns it to the coach's chest, flooring the would be samaritan. Now alone, Courtney and the killer must battle for survival.The killer returns to kill Courtney but she stabs him to death , she goes outsides and sits on the steps and begins to cry over the loss of her friends."] ['{{prune}} Raina  tells her best friend, Nichola, that she and her fiance Matt  have been arguing. Nichola &mdash; who happens to be living in a room of the couple\'s beach house &mdash; assures her that it\'s merely "pre-wedding jitters," and voices a recurring line: "Your happily ever after is just around the corner." The two return home, and it\'s not long before Matt and Raina run into yet another argument, resulting in Matt storming from the house in anger. Later that night, Raina awakens and begins to search the house for Matt. She is horrified to encounter him in bed with Nichola, and she storms from the room. The lovers slash her throat in the ensuing struggle. Mortally wounded, Raina stumbles into a pool of water, floating helplessly. Seventeen months pass, and four friends decide to rent out the long-abandoned beach house together, completely unaware of its dark history. The four are couples, and are secretly cheating on each other. This, of course, enrages Raina\'s ghost, and she disposes of the "cheaters" through the creative means of a staircase (DQ , pulling them into the earth (Angie , and even through an explosive lava lamp (Seth  and Jennifer . While the survivors &mdash; including the leading couple, Kirsten  and Oliver  &mdash; desperately try to figure out what\'s happening, they soon find themselves dealing with an eccentric named Murry  who uses their property to "communicate with Raina\'s spirit." Murry reveals that Raina is, indeed, responsible for the deaths. Soon, Kirsten and Oliver find themselves caught between two stories &mdash; one from Matt, and another from the slightly volatile Nichola. Through both stories, it can be surmised that, immediately following the accident, Matt told Nichola to flee to Mexico, promising to come rescue her once the entire problem was resolved. When the police arrived, however, Matt told them that Nichola had inflicted the wound on Raina, and that she had stolen quite a good deal of property. Thus, Nichola was stranded in Mexico and had taken the entire rap for the accident. Angry, she sneaks back over the border to seek revenge. Meanwhile, Kirsten realizes that she has been acting quite strangely, and feels a strange connection to Raina. Murry explains that this is not demonic possession, as it may appear, but Raina is merely making Kirsten feel what she feels. This leads to several instances of Kirsten acting quite strangely. For example, when Nichola tries to explain to the couple her side of the story, an enraged Kirsten blows up on her, and the two scuffle. Also, she has a vision of killing her ex-boyfriend Oliver, as he long ago allegedly cheated on her. This connection is vital to the storyline, as it compels Kirsten and Oliver to solve this problem, not retreat from it. Kirsten and Oliver learn that Raina did not actually die, but is in a coma in a nearby hospital. Soon only Matt, Kirsten, and Oliver remain in the mystery &mdash; as the other characters met certain doom  &mdash; and it is at this point that Raina wakes up. Disoriented, she staggers for the beach house for the final confrontation. In a heated finale, Matt attacks Kirsten, who is saved by Oliver, and Raina is finally able to confront Matt. She utters what became the movie\'s slogan: "All those cheaters...they all deserve to die!" She loses her will to live, and she tears open the skin that has grown over the slash on her neck. Matt falls to the floor soon after, landed on the fire poker that he originally wounded Raina with, and the two die with their fingers interlocked. At the end of the movie, Kirsten and Oliver remain alive and well, and have made amends. Ready to escape this mystery, they depart from the hospital. The movie ends with a plot twist: Nichola is not dead, but in a coma, which she wakes from as the credits roll.'] ["Wendy Christensen, a senior high school student and a photographer visits an amusement park with her boyfriend Jason Wise, best friend Carrie Dreyer and Carrie's boyfriend Kevin Fischer on their senior class field trip. As they board the Devil's Flight roller coaster, Wendy has a premonition that it will suffer many malfunctions, killing everybody on board. When events from her vision begin to repeat themselves in reality, she panics and attempts to stop the coaster from being launched. Wendy and several others leave or are forced off the ride - Kevin, best friends Ashley Freund and Ashlyn Halperin, athlete Lewis Romero, goths Ian McKinley and Erin Ulmer, and alumnus Frankie Cheeks. Moments later, the roller coaster crashes, killing all the remaining riders, including Carrie and Jason, devastating Wendy. Afterwards, Wendy learns from Kevin about the explosion of Flight 180 and the subsequent events that killed the survivors. Wendy, believing that Kevin is mocking her, dismisses this theory. Later on, Ashley and Ashlyn are killed when their tanning beds malfunction and burn them alive, when the salon manager, Yuri cannot save them as he is locked out. Realizing Death may be after them, Wendy and Kevin set out to save the remaining survivors, using what they believe to be omens contained in photos that were taken of them prior to the crash. Frankie dies next at a drive-thru when a runaway truck crashes into the back of Kevin's truck, causing Kevin's engine fan to blow out of his truck and slice off the back of Frankie's head. The next day, they try to save Lewis, but he doesn't believe them, but then two iron weights swing down and crush his head. They find Ian and Erin working at a hardware store. As they explain to them what is going on, Ian speculates that if the last in line were to kill themselves, it would ruin Death's plan and save the remaining survivors. Wendy manages to save Ian as he is about to be crushed by planks of wood, but Erin stumbles backwards onto a nail gun and is shot repeatedly through the head, leaving Ian devastated. Wendy learns that her sister Julie was also on the coaster and rushes to the county fair to save her. She and Kevin are able to prevent Julie from being impaled on a harrow, Wendy then asks Julie who was sitting next to her on the coaster. Her question is answered when Julie's friend, Perry Malinowski is impaled by a flagpole launched by a rope from a horse, as Wendy, Julie and Julie's other friend Amber Regan watch in horror Wendy saves Kevin from an explosion caused by the commotion and is confronted by a deranged Ian, who blames her for Erin's death. The explosion sets off fireworks which nearly hit Wendy and Ian, but instead strike a nearby cherry-picker holding a large sign. As Ian shouts that he is not going to die, the cherry picker falls on him and crushes him in half. Wendy believes the sign was meant for her. Five months later, Wendy is on a subway train with her roommate Laura and her friend Sean and spots Kevin and Julie. Suddenly Wendy has a premonition that the train will derail, causing their deaths. The three try to stop the train, but the screen cuts to black and the sound of screeching metal is heard."] ['Donald  is a construction worker with a big problem: his shrew of a wife May  has started to only cook gourmet foods in a Hyacinth Bucket-style misguided effort to make themselves seem classier than they are. While his friends Roosevelt  and Phillip  dine on simple bologna-and-cheese sandwiches for lunch, Donald is saddled with crab sandwiches and other cooking atrocities. To his horror, he discovers his wife has bought an unusually large Major Electric microwave oven, which makes the meals worse in half the time. After coming home drunk one night and getting into an argument with May, Donald loses his temper and bludgeons her to death with a large pepper grinder. He wakes up the next day with a bad hangover, no memory of the night before, and a growling stomach. He discovers May\'s corpse in the microwave and after the initial wave of horror passes, he starts to take it in stride, telling his co-workers that he and May separated. After work, he then cuts up May\'s body and stores it in foil wrap in the fridge. A running gag involving May\'s head retaining some sort of sentience is introduced during this scene. Looking for a midnight snack one night, Donald unintentionally takes a few bites of May\'s hand, and  after the initial wave of horror passes, he realizes it\'s the best thing he\'s ever eaten. He even brings some to work with him and shares it with Phillip and Roosevelt, who concur. He soon starts picking up hookers and using them for meat in his recipes. While cooking one night, Donald has a mild heart attack and goes to his doctor, who tells him of a pacemaker that was put in when he had some excess weight, but says he is fine overall. May\'s equally shrewish sister Evelyn  shows up, having not heard from her sister in some time. She finds her head, and is gagged with bread and thrown, tied up, in Donald\'s closet. Donald\'s lunches continue to be a hit with his friends, and he decides to cater an outing to a wrestling match with a new recipe he calls "Peking chick." When Roosevelt and Phillip show up to pick up Donald, they discover him dead on the floor of a heart attack, and some body parts in the microwave. They leave in horror and disgust, realizing what Donald had been serving them. Some time later, the house is up for sale and movers are taking the furniture out. A repairman examines the microwave and discovers a problem with the wires, commenting that it would be bad for someone with a pacemaker. We then zoom into the fridge, which opens to reveal May\'s head. Her eyes glow orange as the film ends.'] ['Magician Montag the Magnificent delivers hectoring speeches about the nature of reality to his audience and then performs mutilation tricks on female "volunteers". The women appear unharmed immediately afterward but later collapse, dead, in public or at home—mutilated in the same grisly fashion suggested by Montag\'s stage tricks . Audience member Sherry Carson, a local TV talk show hostess, and her boyfriend Jack begin to suspect that Montag is somehow involved in the murders. He and fellow reporter Greg attempt to research the case but are unable to come up with any solid evidence. Montag agrees to appear on Sherry\'s show to perform a fire trick; when the cameras roll, he hypnotizes not only everyone in the studio, but also the viewing audience at home. With a wave of his hand, Montag starts a blaze and is guiding Sherry and two plainclothes cops toward it when Jack intervenes and pushes Montag into the fire instead. Screaming, the magician dies. Back at home, Sherry and Jack have a drink as they discuss their strange experience. Suddenly, Jack laughs and begins peeling his own skin from his face to reveal that he is actually Montag. "What makes you think you know what reality is?" he asks Sherry, before disemboweling her with his bare hands. However, still alive, she tells the baffled Montag that none of what has happened was real, and that even he is part of her illusion. "You are no longer even here", she informs Montag. "You\'ll have to start your little charade all over again." "But I...I am Montag!" the magician stammers helplessly. Then he is back onstage, dazed, reciting the same speech that he delivered to his audience at the beginning of the film: "What is real? How do you know that at this second you aren\'t asleep in your beds, dreaming that you are here in this theater?" And in the audience an unimpressed Sherry turns to Jack, muttering, "You know what I think? I think he\'s a phony."'] ['A young man named Aaron Boone is plagued by dreams of a city called Midian, a place where monsters can go to be forgiven and accepted. As a means of coping with these recurring nightmares, and at the request of his girlfriend Lori, Boone is seeing psychotherapist Dr. Phillip K. Decker, who convinces Boone that he has committed a series of gruesome murders. In reality, Decker is a serial killer who dons a grotesque mask and has been murdering several families, all whom he sees as disgusting "breeders". Decker attempts to pin the blame for his killing spree on Boone. He gives Boone a bottle of lithium  and twenty four hours to turn himself in. Boone wanders the streets in a hallucinogenic haze. He is hit by a truck and taken to a hospital. In the hospital, Boone overhears the drug-addled cries of Narcisse, who is waiting for the monsters to take him to Midian. Narcisse, led to believe Boone is a messenger from Midian sent to test him, tells Boone the way, before tearing the skin from his face with a pair of razors, in order to show his "true face". Boone escapes the hospital and makes his way to Midian, an entire city standing under a massive graveyard. Boone encounters two supernatural creatures named Kinski and Peloquin who inhabit the city. Kinski says they should take him below but Peloquin states that whereas they are "Nightbreed", Boone is a "natural" and thinks he should die. Boone pleas that he is a murderer and hence belongs with the monsters, but Peloquin says he can smell innocence and confirms that Boone is innocent. Peloquin bites Boone on the shoulder intending to devour him, but Boone manages to escape and leaves the graveyard, only to run into an entire squad of police officers as Decker tries to get Boone to surrender. Boone is then gunned down by the police. At the morgue, Boone comes back to life due to Peloquin\'s bite, becoming a Nightbreed. He makes his way back to Midian where Narcisse has also returned to. Boone is schooled in the laws of Midian and is inducted into Midian\'s society by Dirk Lylesburg, the leader of the Nightbreed. Boone is then made to touch the blood of Baphomet . Lori, seeking to understand why Boone left her, resolves to investigate Midian for herself. She befriends a woman named Sheryl Anne and drives out to the cemetery. She wanders into the cemetery, leaving Sheryl Anne waiting at the car. She finds a dying creature out in the sunlight and at the pleading request of a woman named Rachel, picks it up and takes it into the shadows, where it transforms into a little girl; Rachel\'s daughter Babette. Lori asks after Boone, only to be rebuffed by Lylesburg, who assures her that Boone is now Nightbreed, and hence no longer part of her world. Lori tries to make her way into Midian but is scared off by Peloquin. As she leaves the cemetery, she is greeted by the sight of Sheryl Anne\'s body and her killer, who reveals himself as Decker. He tries to kill Lori in an attempt to bring Boone out of hiding. Decker chases Lori back into the cemetery where he knocks Lori unconscious. Before he can kill her however, Boone makes his presence known. Decker stabs him only to learn that Boone cannot be killed due to him having been transformed into a Nightbreed. Decker manages to escape and Boone takes Lori into Midian, where she regains consciousness deep inside the city. Lori is told of the history of Midian by Rachel: the monsters of lore were peaceful beings, hunted to near extinction by frightened and superstitious humans. Boone and Lori are then banished from Midian by Lylesburg. Meanwhile, Decker interrogates a local mechanic who once wanted to join the Nightbreed and learns how they can die. He then murders the residents of the hotel where Boone and Lori are staying. Boone finds the murder scene. Unable to control his thirst for blood, Boone begins to drink. The police find him and take him into custody. At Decker\'s urging, the local police and militia led by Captain Eigerman  form up a small army to attack Midian. They release a drunken priest named Ashberry, to serve them as God\'s servant in the battle. Lori, Rachel, and Narcisse race to the jail to release Boone. Lori shows Boone that she loves him even as a "monster". The four head back to Midian where Boone convinces the scared Nightbreed to fight back. During the battle, Ashberry is horrified to learn that there are women and children among the Nightbreed and tries to stop the attack but is roughly beaten down by Eigerman. Ashberry then finds the statue of Baphomet. He drops his cross and Bible and moves forward to swear allegiance, but is splashed, severely burned by the blood of Baphomet and transformed. The Nightbreed manages to fight back, but Boone learns from Lylesburg that Baphomet is going to destroy all of Midian. He tells Lylesburg to release the Berserkers, a monstrous, feral breed that were imprisoned due to their sheer insanity. Lylesburg attempts to open the cages but is killed, leaving Boone to release them. The Beserkers attack the humans furiously, turning the tide of the battle as the humans flee in fear. Boone and Decker then face each other in the burning wreckage of Midian. The two fight and Boone kills him. Boone then goes to Baphomet, who says that he has caused the end of Midian, but also that this was foretold. Baphomet charges Boone with finding a new home for the Nightbreed, and renames him Cabal. Boone makes his way out of Midian with Lori. The remaining Nightbreed meet in an old barn, and Boone says his goodbyes to Narcisse, promising that he will not forget the Nightbreed, and that he will find a place where they will all be safe. Meanwhile in the ruins of Midian, Ashberry stands in front of Decker\'s corpse and states that he wants to exact vengeance on Baphomet and the Breed. He takes some of the blood of Baphomet and pushes it into Decker\'s wound. Decker suddenly springs back to life with a scream as Ashberry chants "Hallelujah" over and over again.  In an alternate ending , the Nightbreed await Boone in a barn, whilst Boone says his goodbyes to Lori, as he must venture the world to find a new home for them, but he promises to return to her. Lori, fearing she will be elderly when the time comes, whilst Boone will retain his youth, stabs herself and dies, to force Boone into resurrecting her into another Nightbreed. At first the revival doesn\'t seem to work, but it is eventually successful. Elsewhere, Eigerman wanders the underground remains where he stumbles upon the transformed Ashberry, who desires revenge. Eigerman shares this desire, but Ashberry rejects him and kills Eigerman, and begins his hunt for the Nightbreed.'] ['The Dead Pit opens with Dr. Ramzi , a deviant who enjoys torturing his patients, being killed and buried in the basement of a mental health facility. Twenty years later, the hospital is running again and Jane Doe  arrives at the institute. Upon her arrival, a major earthquake rocks the building and unearths the now undead Dr. Ramzi and his legion of zombie patients.'] ["The film introduces a circle of youths who are addicted to playing Hellworld, an online computer game based on the Hellraiser series. The film opens at the funeral of Adam, one of the friends who was obsessed with the game and ultimately committed suicide after becoming too immersed in the game. The remaining five friends blame themselves for not having prevented Adam's suicide. Two years later, they nonetheless attend a private Hellworld Party at an old mansion after receiving invites through the game. Mike, Derrick and Allison are enthusiastic about the party, while Chelsea only reluctantily accompanies them. Jake, who is still very much distressed by Adam's death, only agrees to show up after a female Hellworld player with whom he has struck up an online friendship asks him to attend so they can meet. The quintet are cordially welcomed by the middle-aged party host, who offers them drinks, shows them around the mansion , and provides them with cell phones to communicate with other guests. As the party progresses, Allison, Derrick and Mike find themselves trapped in separate parts of the house, and are gruesomely killed by the Host, Pinhead, or Cenobite minions Chatterer III and Bound. Jake and Chelsea become mysteriously invisible to other party guests, and are stalked by the Host and the Cenobites. Holing herself up in the attic, Chelsea finds items belonging to Adam, and discovers that the host is his father, who blames his son's fellow Hellworld players for not helping to break his addiction. Chelsea and Jake try to flee, only to discover themselves buried alive and receiving messages from the host via cell phones in their respective caskets. The Host informs them that they are just coming out of a hallucination induced by a powerful psychedelic he exposed them to upon their arrival, and that the events of the evening have been the result of hypnotic suggestion and their own guilty consciences. Before leaving, he lets Chelsea know that Allison, Derrick, and Mike have all perished in their respective caskets, and that only she and Jake remain alive. Chelsea begins to slip into another hallucination when she is abruptly pulled above ground by police and paramedics, who say they were informed by a phone call from Chelsea's telephone. Looking towards the house, Chelsea sees Adam standing in the window. Later, the Host sits in a bedroom, going through a suitcase containing Adam's possessions. He finds and opens an actual Lemarchand's box, which summons the real Cenobites. Pinhead praises Adam's ingenuity and mocks the Host's disbelief before Chatterer and Bound tear him to pieces. Jake and Chelsea are shown driving into the sunrise, when they receive a mysterious phone call from the Host, who suddenly appears in the back seat. The two almost crash the car but are able to stop it. The last scene shows the police entering the bedroom in which the Host opened the box, the walls blood-smeared and the box lying on the floor."] ["In the past, two young boys are playing with toys. One of the boys picks up his toy and smashes it over his twin brothers head. Newspaper articles then show the events that happened between then and now. In the present day five teenagers—Kate , Zack , Vicky , Riff , and Ashley  -- are on their way to their campsite during Spring Break when they make a wrong turn and wind-up at a grave site where they meet two odd men who tell them a 'spooky' story. They end their story by pointing to store and saying that's 'town'. The teens then make their way into the store while Zack fills the gas up. The four teens meet the strange brothers Simon  and Stanley while picking up some items. Zack walks in and asks if he can get some coolers and realizes a photo hanging above the entryway, it shows two young boys wearing cowboy outfits and their parents. Zack then begins talking about Billy the Kid and all the killing he did. Well, during this Stanley is orgasmically rubbing the wooden wall remembering his past, in which he is seen killing his brother and parents. As the teens walk out Zack and Vicky rush Ashley out by calling her dog. Before leaving, however, Zack asks Stanley if he has any zig zags in which Stanley says smoking can kill. The teens are then shown at their campsite getting ready to split-up. Ashley jogs off saying she needs an hour of exercise each day, according to her trainer. Riff goes off in search of wood with Ashley following him leaving Zack and Kate alone. In the forest Vicky is seen seducing Riff but it is quickly broken off by Ashley who bumps into them. Riff finishes up and says 'This is wrong.' leaving Ashley alone. At the campsite Zack and Kate are fighting and Zack sets off back to the store to get some propane. Riff returns and starts kissing Kate when Ashley runs past them saying 'Jeez Riff, two in one! I don't care what you do with these other two sluts but stay away from me!' which pisses Kate off. The film then follows Ashley on her run where she is attacked by Stanley. She escapes from him and starts to run when she gets caught on a tree root sticking out of the ground and twists her ankle. Stanley is then shown cutting up Ashley when a dog steals her hand and runs away leaving Stanley to chase after it. The dog, now identified as 'Reggie B', runs into his owner with Stanley not to far away. Stanley kills the dogs and takes the hand, all in front of the owner. The owner runs back to her own campsite and warns her companions that a man killed Reggie B. Stanley appears with Reggie B is his hands and throws it a tree. A man attempts to catch the dog but is killed by Stanley. Another lady attempts to fight Stanley but is only killed by a hidden dagger and hung with her friend. Back at the store Zack arrives and finds it empty. This prompts him to explore the store while Simon and Simon make out. He finds numerous bodies all dangling from the ceiling and several newspaper articles. Shocked Zack grabs a few articles and drives away without his propane. Meanwhile, Stanley is hanging Reggie B's owner near the road. Upon noticing Zack's van approaching, Simon swings Reggie B's owner into the path of the van, killing her. He then throws Reggie B onto the road making Zack believe he killed it. Back at the campsite Stanley meets the four teens and tells them that Simon is missing. The teens say that Ashley is also missing and say they'll help Stanley if he helps them. Stanley leaves as Zack arrives. With Stanley gone Zack shows his friends the newspaper articles. Scared they go their van but find the tires slashed. This prompts them to run into the forest and accidentally run into a cut up Ashley, who Stanley turned into a disc player. The teens all run away and Riff is killed by swinging poles. Vicky finds her way to the other campsite but is killed and hung by Stanley. Kate gives herself in hoping for the best and Stanley leads her to a table that has his dead parents sitting at it. 'Simon' appears and asks for a 'hand' sandwich but has his fingers chopped off by Stanley. Stanley then reveals that Simon has been in a coma for years and he has been doing all the killing. With this information revealed he kills Zack by burning him with a large 'fatty', where he is burned alive in a similar scenario to the witch burnings. Kate attempts to seduce Stanley, promising him his long overdue attention, while reaching for a cleaver Stanley had left on the table. When Kate finally grabs hold of the cleaver she attempts to kill Stanley who over throws the table, accidentally freeing her. Completely out of his mind, he vows to kill Kate who is hiding, only to reveal herself by bursting out of Zack's charred corpse, finally stabbing him in the head with the cleaver. It appears Stanley is dead, however when she looks back to where his corpse should be, he has disappeared and then finally captures Kate. The film ends with an almost identitical group of youths at the store and asking for directions to a campsite. Stanley taps on his head, which has metal inside his skull, explaining to the audience how he survived Kate's surprise attack. As they leave Stanley goes inside and opens up a trapdoor revealing Kate and two crying twins in a filthy living condition, obviously kept hostage."] ['Head counselor T.C is at a campfire with the male campers Sean, Rob, Anthony, Judd, Charlie and Emilio. Also there is Phoebe, who has sneaked away from her cabin to be with the boys. As Phoebe tells the story about the killings of the previous film at Camp Arawak, her head counselor Angela appears and forces her to go back to the cabin. After the pair get into an argument, Phoebe becomes lost, only to be attacked by Angela who hits her over the head with a log before cutting her tongue out. The next day, the campers in Phoebe\'s cabin, including Molly, Ally, Mare, Demi, Lea and twins Brooke and Jodi, question Angela on the whereabouts of Phoebe, however she tells them she had to be sent home due to bad behavior. At breakfast, the head of camp Uncle John gives Angela "the counselor of the week award". Afterwards, Angela discovers Brooke and Jodi smoking marijuana and drinking, so interrupts them. Later, Brooke awakens on a grill only to see the skeleton of her already cremated sister. Angela then pours gasoline over Brooke and burns her alive. Meanwhile, Molly and Sean start a relationship, despite Ally\'s attempts to seduce Sean. That night, the boys throw a panty raid in the girl\'s cabin until Angela comes in, throwing them out. Later, the girls raid the boys cabin. T.C allows the fun to go on, but Angela appears and witnesses Mare showing off her breasts. Mare decides she wants to leave the camp, so gets Angela to drive her. While traveling, Angela gives Mare one last chance to apologize, however when she fails to do so Angela murders her with an electric drill. The following day, Angela discovers Charlie and Emilio looking at naked pictures of various campers they had taken in secret. That night, the girls go camping, giving Anthony and Judd a chance to scare Angela, dressed as Freddy Krueger and Jason Voorhees. The plan backfires however, when Angela dressed as Leatherface slashes Anthony\'s throat before murdering Judd with a chainsaw. After finding out Ally has walked away to have sex with Rob, Angela plans to murder the pair but her plan fails. The next day, Angela sets up a trap for Ally, leaving her a fake note from Sean. Ally goes to meet Sean, but instead meets Angela, who stabs Ally in the back before forcing her down the outhouse toilet hole, drowning her in feces. That night, Demi reveals to Angela that she phoned the families of the girls who had been sent home by Angela, but they denied the girls being sent home. Realizing she could be caught, Angela strangles Demi to death with a guitar string, before stabbing Lea to death when she finds Demi\'s body. The next day, Uncle John and T.C fire Angela for not telling Uncle John about sending the many campers home. Feeling sad for an upset Angela, Molly and Sean go into the woods to cheer her up. However the pair discover the bodies of the other campers in a cabin, before Angela ties them up. Back at camp, Rob tells T.C the whereabouts of Molly and Sean, prompting T.C to go off to fetch them. He enters the cabin, only for Angela to throw battery acid on his face, killing him. Sean realizes Angela is Peter Baker, the murderer from the previous movie. Angela reveals that after two years of electroshock therapy and a sex change, she was released for having good records from doctors. She then proceeds to decapitate Sean. Angela leaves the cabin, allowing Molly to free herself and upon Angela entering, knock her out and escape. Angela chases after Molly through the woods, who finally falls off a rock and is presumed dead. Later that night, camp counselor Diane discovers the dead bodies of Charlie, Emilio, Uncle John and Rob, before she is stabbed to death by Angela. Meanwhile, Molly regains consciousness and begins to make her way out of the forest. Angela hitchhikes with a truck driver, who quickly annoys her, making Angela stab her to death. As Molly makes it out of the woods, she finds the truck, but is horrified to find Angela is the driver. The movie ends with Molly screaming.'] ["Boogeyman 3 opens with Dr. Mitchell Allen's  daughter, Audrey . Audrey proceeds to take a shower and while doing so sees a hand with a black glove. Scared, Audrey gets out and goes to her room to sleep. Her dog, however is up and wants to play ball. To get him away she throws the ball in the closet, After a while, she gets worried her dog hasn't come back yet. She walks to the closet and finds blood lining the closet. She backs away and, with a scream, gets pulled, under her bed. Sarah Morris  is a student who is doing a radio show for her college radio station where she tries to help people with their problems, such as a guy just breaking up with his girlfriend. Soon after she is introduced, Audrey arrives in Sarah’s room at night, raving that “He’s everywhere”. Sarah lets her stay the night. During Sarah’s radio show the next day, Audrey calls to tell Sarah and Dr. Kane about the Boogeyman. They don’t believe her, but Sarah leaves, thinking she is suicidal while Dr. Kane remains with her on the phone. The Boogeyman then begins to strangle Audrey when Sarah arrives. When others arrive to see it, Audrey appears to have hanged herself. Soon after, Sarah discovers the diary amongst Audrey’s things. She begins to believe the Boogeyman is real and tries to warn her friends and boyfriend, David . They refuse to believe her thinking she is dealing with the trauma of her friend dying soon after her mother‘s death. Her friends in the dorm begin to disappear, Sarah having visions of their deaths through being pulled into the alternate world of the Boogeyman. People refuse to believe her claims but campus talk of the Boogeyman from hearing her radio show continues to swirl. Sarah begins to believe the Boogeyman gains his power from the legend continuing by people believing he might be real. Dr. Kane begins to worry about her mental stability. Sarah takes over the radio station to emergency warn the students away, prompting her arrest by campus security. While held in custody, Dr. Kane negotiates her release until the body of Sarah’s friend Lindsey is found in a washer. Sarah realizes Dr. Kane actually is beginning to believe when they both witness a light manifestation of the Boogeyman. Dr. Kane, trying to prove she is wrong, enters the room where the light is, and is subsequently beaten to death by the Boogeyman. Sarah then realizes the Boogeyman has been using her fear to warn everyone in order to get everyone to believe in him. Sarah rushes back to her room to save David who now believes her story and has been reading the diary. She finds him staring off into a black closet, but is unable to prevent the Boogeyman from pulling him in. David is soon-after flung out into the room, disemboweled, covering her in blood. The police and students arrive to find the scene. To prevent the Boogeyman’s growth in power, Sarah claims she committed all the murders herself and that the Boogeyman is not real. One of the officers in the elevator reveals he doesn’t believe she could have done that by herself. She insists that she did, but the elevator stops and she is pulled up into the elevator shaft by the Boogeyman with the two police officers staring in disbelief as Sarah's cries for help fade away. One year later, two Freshmen are staying in Sarah’s room. One interrupts the other’s studies to tell her the story of the “crazy girl” who thought the Boogeyman was real that lived in the room a year ago. It is revealed the college changed the dorm name to keep people from being afraid to move in. The studying girl leaves to go to the library for some peace, noticing that the other seems actually scared to be alone and taunting her as she leaves. Left alone, the other girl is soon attacked and dragged beneath her bed to an unknown fate."] ['{{Plot}} Dr. Dan Potter is the replacement for Dr. Harry Merton, a psychiatrist at Dr. Leo Bain\'s psychiatric haven. Dr. Bain operates the haven through very lenient methods. The 3rd floor patients  initially treat Dr. Potter with mixed hostility. At their first meeting, Hawkes nearly explodes at Dr. Potter as he leaves. At night, however, Hawkes states to the others that "the new doctor killed Harry Merton, and now he wants to kill us". The others believe him, and agree to help him kill Dr. Potter. Ray Curtis, the sole guard on the 3rd floor, overhears the foursome\'s scheme and tells Dr. Potter about it, but Dr. Potter dismisses Curtis\' fears as unwarranted. One day, Sutcliff sets his coat on fire and Dr. Bain manages to quell Sutcliff\'s fit by threatening to "split him down the middle." Meanwhile, Dr. Potter tries to talk with Frank Hawkes about his connection to Dr. Harry Merton, and about the plan Ray Curtis overheard. Hawkes reminds Dr. Potter that he should not take Curtis\' warnings seriously. Another day, while waiting in Dr. Potter\'s office, Ronald Elster looks through the Dr. Potter\'s unopened mail to find his home address and sees a picture of the doctor\'s young daughter. At the Dr. Potter household, Dan Potter lives with his free-spirited wife Nell and their precocious daughter Lila, as well as his sister Toni, who comes to visit following a successful treatment for a mental breakdown. Toni takes Dan and Nell to see The Sick Fucks at a nightclub, much to Dan\'s displeasure. As they play the city\'s power shuts down. Dan at the time is glad. Meanwhile, the men on the 3rd floor wake up and begin to carry out their plan. Sutcliffe and Elster kill Curtis and the four escape in a night doctor\'s car. They drive to a store in the middle of a raid to pick up new clothes and weapons. Skaggs kills an innocent bystander by splattering out his insides and runs away, the others take the murdered man\'s van and drive off. The next day, Dan arrives at the hospital to learn from Bain about the four escaped patients and of the people they killed. With the power still off from an apparent statewide power outage, Dan has to report to the police about the four maniacs on the loose. In a nearby neighborhood, Hawkes, Preacher, and Ronald are driving around and torment a bicycle messenger and when the man mouths off to them, calling Hawkes an "asshole" the enraged Hawkes throws the van in reverse and plows into the bicycle messenger. At Dan\'s house, Preacher arrives wearing the bicycle messenger\'s hat and uniform telling Nell that he has a telegram for the doctor. Nell offers to take it, but Preacher says that he will come back later. Nell is slightly spooked by Preacher\'s strange behavior. After Preacher leaves, Toni tells Nell to accompany her to an anti-nuclear protest that is going on in town. A little later, after Toni and Nell leave, Lyla comes home to a vacant house, and Ronald is there, claiming to be her babysitter. Ronald is friendly towards Lyla, but she is a little unsettled by his strange behavior. Ronald suggests going to Lyla\'s room to show her how to make different origami shapes. Meanwhile, Toni and Nell are in jail having been arrested with dozens of other protesters. Toni meets a certain Tom Smith, one of those arrested with them during the demonstration. When it is time to make their phone calls, Tom lets Toni use his turn at the phone where she calls Dan at the hospital to tell them where they are and to bail them out. Dan then calls Bunky , Lyla\'s real babysitter, to go over to his house to make sure that Lyla is okay. Bunky arrives at Dan\'s house and after looking around, finds Lyla asleep on her bed. Bunky then calls her boyfriend, Billy, and invites him to come on over. Billy arrives a short while later and Bunky invites him up to the master bedroom so they can have sex. While making out on the bed, Bunky hears a noise coming from the closet and asks Billy to check it out. He is pulled under the bed and a knife is jabbed through the bed several times at Bunky who is able to dodge it. Bunky jumps off the bed and runs to the bedroom door. Just when Preacher comes out from under the bed, Bunky runs out of the bedroom only to be grabbed by Ronald who strangles her to death. Later, Dan arrives home with Nell, Toni and Tom when they see cops all over the house. Lyla is fine as she told them about Ronald who was there, but the police apparently do not know about the murdered Bunky and Billy. Tom asks to stay for dinner and Dan also invites Detective Barnett to stay as well in case any more of Dan\'s escaped patients pay a visit. That evening, Dr. Bain is trying to get a hold of Dan on the phone, but he is getting no response. At nightfall, the Potter family is having dinner when Detective Barnett goes outside after hearing a noise. As the family and Tom watch from a window, a crossbow is fired and Barnett is hit and pinned to a tree. The group reacts quickly and begins making sure all the doors and windows of the house are locked, but they also learn that the phone is dead. Toni is too scared to go upstairs alone for she tells Dan that she once had a breakdown and spent time in a mental hospital as well. Tom goes upstairs instead and secures all the windows. When Dan looks back outside, he sees that Barnett\'s body is gone. After an arrow is shot through a window, Tom and Dan barricade the front door with furniture as well as some of the windows as more crossbow bolts are shot through the windows as well. Meanwhile, Bain is told by the telephone operator that the phone line to the Potter residence is out of order. He sets out to the Potter residence. At the house, the group hears a car approaching and it is Bain who gets out and tells them that their phones are out of order. Dan and the others yell at Bain to get back in his car and drive away. After Dan yells at Bain that the "voyagers" are there, Bain decides that it would be best to try to talk with them and calls them out. Preacher comes out of hiding from the nearby bushes and Bain  tries to talk with him to come back to the hospital. Preacher angrily responds by slashing off Bain\'s left ear with his Bowie knife and then tries to get inside the front door when Dan opens it to try to help. Bain runs back to his car and Preacher turns back towards him and runs over beside the vehicle and yells "Romans 12.19: Vengeance is mine, saith the Lord!" Preacher pulls out his axe and swings it. A minute later, Tom looks out of a window and sees that no one is inside Bain\'s car. Dan tries to scream to the men outside and tells them that he did not murder Dr. Merton, but he gets no reply. Suddenly, Barnett\'s dead body is thrown by Ronald through a window, and the group stacks furniture against it as Hawkes shoots another bolt through the broken window. Toni thinks she sees another window open and when she goes to close it, a bloody body jumps through the window at her. But she only imagined it. When Dan asks her what is wrong, Toni says: "I\'m getting sick again." Minutes later, when the group smells smoke, Dan realizes that Preacher must have broken into the basement and is planning to set fire to the house. When Nell goes to look for the fire extinguisher, she finds the dead Bunky and Billy in a closet. Dan runs down to the basement, and struggles with Preacher and knocks him out with the fire extinguisher, and puts out the fire. Upstairs, Ronald bursts into the house from the kitchen back door and runs for the group with a baseball bat. Lyla ducks under a table and cuts his leg with a knife, and Tom swings a large cleaver into his back. Tom then picks up Ronald\'s baseball bat and beats the cleaver in further, and Ronald falls over dead. Dan decides to make run for it and he runs outside to get to Bain\'s car to try to hotwire it to drive away and get help. Inside, Tom embraces a shaken Toni.... and blood begins to pour from his nose. Nell sees this and immediately realizes who Tom really is. Tom/Skagg wraps his hands around Toni\'s neck and begins to strangle her. Dan runs back inside when he hears the screaming and grabs Tom away from his sister. Lyla hands her mother the knife and Nell stabs Tom in the stomach, killing him. Suddenly, Preacher comes out of the basement and Dan struggles with him. Dan manages to twist the large knife out of Preacher\'s hand, and stabs him the chest with it then throws the fatally wounded Preacher back into the basement. As Dan, Nell, Lyla and Toni gather together for comfort, Hawkes appears standing in the kitchen doorway with his crossbow aimed right at them. "It\'s not just us crazy ones who kill", says Hawkes. Suddenly, the electricity comes back on and Hawkes sees Dr. Merton interviewed in a news report on television. Evidently upset, Hawkes breaks the TV and leaves the house and runs off into the night. Hawkes walks through the town and passes the nightclub where the Sick Fucks are playing. He enters the club and beats up the doorman outside who insults him. In the club, Hawkes watches the punk rock band perform, when a girl whacked out on drugs walks up to Hawkes and says something to him. He pulls out his .45 caliber gun and points it at her neck. She looks at it and laughs, and so does Hawkes.'] ['Karan  and Natasha "Tashu"  are childhood friends. Natasha has always loved Karan, albeit secretly. Karan, however, falls for Tanya , the new admission in college. Meanwhile, Professor Bakshi , who is rumoured to have murdered his wife and hidden her body, is reinstated at the college. When Karan was caught tryin to help Yash at the exams, Tanya took the blame saying it was her fault, the group of friends, Natasha, Karan, Yash , Dolly and two more boys, Pat and Khush, sneak inside Professor Bakshi\'s house to retrieve the exam papers so Tanya\'s year wont be a waste. When they find a woman\'s dead body there, they try to run away but are chased by Professor Bakshi. Their car accidentally hits Professor Bakshi and he falls down the cliff. Fearing arrest, they run away. Tanya is traumatized by these events, and leaves to start a new life. Years later, Tanya, Karan and their group have a reunion at the wedding of one of their friends. However, a killer is lurking somewhere nearby and is waiting to strike. And one by one they start to die: Dolly dies, Pat dies and Kush are all killed, while Yash is attacked, but miraculously survives. Eventually, only three are left. When Yash is attacked again, Karan follows who appears to be Professor Bakshi, only to find someone else being attacked while Bakshi is with him. He leaves to find Khush attacked, and Khush says "Tanya" as he holds a piece of red fabric. Karan follows a car which has Natasha and Tanya in it to a cliff, and finds Natasha injured. She tells him that Professor Bakshi bought her and Tanya here. Karan realises she is lying, as Professor Bakshi was with him, and also realises the piece of fabric Khush had in his hand came off Natasha\'s scarf. He asks Natasha why she attacked everyone, and she claims it because she loved him. She begs him to forgive her, but he is speechless. She says that after finding this out, he won\'t forgive her, so she walks backwards in the snow and falls off the edge, yelling Karan\'s name. He runs to save her, but is unsuccessful, and her scarf blows into his face. On the first day of college, Karan remembers each of his friends who died, including Natasha. While on the plane back to Delhi, he meets Tanya again, and they decide to be with each other, while they find Yash in the back seat.'] ['Mrs. Forrest, in the eyes of the staff and children at an orphanage, is a sweet, kind-mannered and children-loving widow, who throws a lavish annual Christmas party at her mansion, Forrest Grange  for ten of the best-mannered children at the orphanage. But secretly, she is a demented, sad and miserable woman who keeps the mummified remains of her daughter Katharine in a nursery room in the attic, singing lullabies to her and trying to contact her spirit with the assistance of  psychic Mr. Benton. He fools Forrest into believing that the voice of Clarine, one of the servants, during the fake séances is that of Katharine. Christopher and Katy Coombs are orphaned brother and sister. Christopher has a wild imagination, telling stories about dragons and witches that frighten the other orphans. When he and his sister are not included in the list of ten orphans for the Christmas party at Auntie Roo\'s mansion, he and Katy sneak into the car of Inspector Willoughby, who transfers the orphans to Forrest Grange, and are warmly welcomed by Auntie Roo. Auntie Roo is surprised to see the resemblance of her daughter Katharine to Katy, and becomes more and more focused on her. Katy is missing as the party ends and the other orphans leave. Auntie Roo promises to find her and send her back. Christopher realizes that Katy is not just missing, but was kidnapped by Auntie Roo. Meanwhile, Albie, the young, sadistic butler, discovers that Auntie Roo has Katy locked in the nursery room. He blackmails her into giving him £2,000 by threatening to reveal her secret to the police unless she pays to keep him quiet. After this, he and Clarine depart from the mansion and leave her alone with Katy. When no one believes Christopher about seeing Auntie Roo singing lullabies to mummified Katharine, or that Katy has really been abducted, he runs away to the mansion but ends up trapped inside too. Auntie Roo wants to replace Katy for Katharine, but in Christopher\'s mind, he thinks Auntie Roo is really a witch wanting to devour him and his sister. Auntie Roo prepares a dinner for the New Year\'s coming, while Christopher assists her. He steals the key to the nursery room. After Christopher frees Katy, Auntie Roo chases them to the kitchen where Christopher tries to protect them with a knife. Knocking it from his hand with a piece of wood, Auntie Roo corners them in the pantry and locks the door. Auntie Roo hears in her mind her daughter shouting for her and runs to her coffin in the attic. When she tries to touch the corpse\'s face, it disintegrates to dust. Auntie Roo returns to the kitchen in a highly agitated state yelling "I have nothing, I have nothing." She turns the hour glass over to time her cooking and starts chopping potatoes with a large cleaver. She then hears the children from the pantry calling to her to let them out, but she resists listening to them. Katy then says "Please, mommy", touching the heart of Auntie Roo. Completely lost in her delusions she opens the door to embrace Katy . Christopher knocks things from the high shelf causing Auntie Roo to fall. The children lock the door but Auntie Roo begins hacking at it with a cleaver. Christopher and Katy place the fire-wood he had been fetching at the door and set it on fire with paraffin . Smashing through parts of the door with the cleaver Auntie Roo sees the fire and it comes into the pantry surrounding her. Auntie Roo, deep in her psychosis, falls in a corner. The children emerge from the smoked-filled building, carrying the almost forgotten teddy bear that belonged to Katharine , while Mrs. Forrest, surrounded by fire, shouts at Katy to come back to her. Outside, the orphans meet Auntie Roo\'s butcher, Mr. Harrison, who is delivering a whole piglet by horse-cart. He sees the smoke inside and drives off to call the fire brigade. Katy realizes she was to cook the pig, but Christopher says they were to be eaten after it. When he leaves, Christopher quips, "Bloody good fire", while inside, the whole cellar goes up in flames. The fire brigade arrives and puts out the fire but are unable to rescue Mrs. Forrest. Inspector Willoughby will take the children back to the orphanage. Still outside, the orphanage doctor, Dr. Mason, comments "Poor little devils. They\'ll probably have nightmares till the day they die". Christopher and Katy smile at each other, departing from the burned mansion, with Christopher ending the tale by saying "Hansel and Gretel knew that the wicked witch could not harm anyone else and they were happy. They also knew that with the wicked witch\'s treasure they would not be hungry again. So they lived happily ever after."'] ['Eleven years ago, a cave-in on the north side of a mine trapped six miners. Six days later, rescue teams found five dead miners and the comatose Harry Warden , who survived by killing the other miners with a pickaxe. Tom Hanniger, the mine owner\'s son, was blamed for the mine disaster because he forgot to vent the methane lines. The following year on Valentine\'s Day, Warden wakes from his coma and kills many people. At the abandoned mineshaft that was the site of the disaster, a party is in full swing, attended by many teens, including Axel Palmer , his girlfriend, Irene , Tom Hanniger , and his girlfriend, Sarah . Sarah goes in alone and gets lost looking for Axel and Irene. She runs across a teen and a few seconds later he is killed. She is confronted by Warden in full miner\'s garb, carrying a bloody pickaxe, and she flees. Axel grabs her and they, along with Irene, hide from the killer. Warden eventually sees the trio, and they run out of the mine, meeting Tom as he comes in. The killer hits Tom with the pickaxe, injuring him, while the other three run for the car and leave Tom behind. Tom runs back into the mine in an attempt to escape Warden. Before Tom can be killed, the police arrive and shoot Warden, who makes his getaway back into the mine. Ten years later, Tom\'s father, from whom Tom has been estranged, dies and Tom inherits the mine. Tom returns to town after his father\'s funeral to sell the mine. Axel is now sheriff and married to Sarah, but he is cheating on her with Megan , who works with Sarah at Sarah\'s grocery store. After Megan and Axel have sex at his family\'s old house in the woods, Megan tells Axel that she is pregnant with his child. Meanwhile, at the motel where Tom is staying, Irene, the motel owner  and a trucker  are murdered. Later, Tom visits his newly inherited mine. In the mine, Warden appears and forces Tom into a cage; Warden bends the metal latch on the door, making Tom\'s escape impossible. Warden then murders William "Red" Kirkpatrick  the miner who was accompanying Tom. Before the rest of the mining crew arrive, Warden flees, and suspicion falls on Tom, despite the fact that he was locked in a cage the entire time. Axel then asks Jim Burke ([[Tom Atkins , the retired sheriff what happened to Warden. The retired sheriff says that he and Ben Foley , the mine manager killed and buried Warden, but when Axel, Tom, and Sarah go to the burial spot, Warden\'s body is no longer there. Next, Ben Foley and Megan are killed. The killer then goes to Axel\'s house and kills Axel\'s son\'s baby-sitter Rosa  and Jim Burke who was trying to catch him. Tom tries to take Sarah to Axel\'s house in the woods to convince her that Axel is the killer. Axel calls Sarah while she and Tom are on the road; Axel tells her that Tom has been in a mental hospital and is the killer. Sarah crashes Tom\'s car and makes her way to Axel\'s old homestead. She is chased by the killer all the way to the mine. Sarah goes into the shaft where the original murders took place. She is joined by Tom and Axel, and, after a brief stand off between the men, Axel and Sarah realize that Tom is delusional. A montage then plays out all the murders in the film again, revealing Tom to be the killer. Tom committed the murder in the mine, then locked himself in the cage, hallucinating Warden as his nemesis. Sarah shoots a tank and causes an explosion, triggering a partial cave-in. She and Axel escape, believing Tom to be dead. A rescue team enters the mine to look for survivors, but Tom kills a rescue worker and escapes the scene dressed in that worker\'s uniform.'] ['Defense attorney Jennifer Garrick  believes her client, an accused child murderer on death row, is not guilty and is hiding the identity of the real killer. After he is executed, she accidentally brings a Pinocchio doll buried with her clients son home with her from the office, and her daughter Zoe  mistakes it for a birthday gift. She starts acting strangely as she develops a relationship with the puppet. Soon, she even believes the doll to be real and talk with it, although this is not out of the ordinary as she held a similar relationship with her other dolls. Trouble takes off when a school mate of Zoe who bullied her is pushed in front of a bus, which Zoe blames on Pinocchio trying to protect her. Soon after, Jennifer\'s boyfriend David is knocked down the basement stairs while baby sitting Zoe, but is saved by Zoe calling 911. Later, Zoe is at one of her therapy sessions when her psychiatrist has to leave the room, and Zoe begins talking with Pinocchio about who is to blame for David\'s accident, with both placing blame on one another. A surveillance video in the room is watched by the mother and the psychiatrist and it is revealed that Zoe is talking to herself. That night, Pinocchio convinces Zoe to set him free so that he can admit to David that he is to blame for his accident. Zoe makes him promise he will not do anything bad and cuts his strings, at which point Pinocchio hops up declaring his freedom and takes off down the dark streets with Zoe in pursuit. Through a first person perspective, we see an unknown person move through the hospital through crowds of people into David\'s room and unplug one of his machines, killing him. Jennifer questions Zoe who claims she got lost as she and Pinocchio try to find the hospital and never went there which causes an angry and confused Jennifer to lock Pinocchio in the trunk of her car. That night, Zoe is left in the care of the babysitter Sophe, when Sophe reminds her that Zoe gave Pinocchio a conscience . Zoe runs to her room to check on it and finds it smashed and begins screaming. Sophe runs to make sure she is okay where she is struck by a fireplace poker from an unknown assailant until she is dead. Jennifer arrives home that night during a thunderstorm to find the babysitter dead and Zoe standing in a dark hallway quiet. When Jennifer tries to confront Zoe, she runs away in a panic. As Jennifer explores the house, she is struck by the poker and sees her daughter standing above her with it in her hand. Her daughter explains that she just managed to get the poker away from Pinocchio but they must escape quickly, but before Jennifer can inquire further, Zoe is gone. Jennifer stands up to see Pinocchio standing in the room, at which point he suddenly turns towards her and attacks her with a knife, following with a chase and battle through the house. Jennifer throws Pinocchio through a glass coffee table and sees that her daughter is suddenly laying there in his place. The movie closes with a catatonic Zoe being committed and Jennifer stating it was not her and that she will not give up until she gets better and can leave, to which the psychiatrist states, "I hope not, for your sake, I hope not."'] ['The plot begins on August 10 in a California drive-in theatre, and concerns a killer on the loose, with the victims beheaded with a large sword. Two policemen are sent to investigate the killings, and question the owner of the drive-in, his assistant and a local peeping Tom, before going undercover to catch the killer themselves.'] ['{{Plot}} The movie starts with a recorded 911 distress call from a boy who is screaming that he and his friend found two bodies lying in blood in an old vacation home. Kristen McKay  and James Hoyt  arrive to a remote summer vacation home owned by James\'s parents after attending a friend\'s wedding reception. He had just proposed to her there, but she refused. Shortly after arriving in the middle of the night, a young blonde woman , whose face is obscured by low lighting, knocks on the front door asking for Tamara, but leaves after James and Kristen tell her she is at the wrong house. A short while later, James leaves to get Kristen a pack of cigarettes, and the woman returns and begins to pound harshly on the front door. Kristen refuses to open up, locks all the doors, and tries to call James on her cell phone, when she discovers that the phone battery is running dead. She plugs it into the wall to charge near the fireplace and calls James on the house phone briefly before the line goes dead. She returns to the fireplace to retrieve her cell phone, but it has disappeared. Kristen then hears a noise coming from the back door. She grabs a large kitchen knife and opens the curtains, seeing a man wearing a sack mask over his head. Kristen screams and trips over a record player, and it begins to skip repeatedly. The front door then opens slightly, and Kristen peeks outside, only to see the blonde woman in a Dollface mask. She slams and locks the door before going to hide in the bedroom. After yelling "go away," the noises eventually stop, at which point she hears footsteps coming from the hallway, which turn out to be from James. As she explains what happened while he was gone, he tries to calm her down. She frantically explains to James that she saw a man in a mask, and heard loud banging noises. James is not worried about the incidents, thinking that they were caused by some teenagers fooling around. He goes outside to his car, whose tires have been slashed and its windshield smashed in. As he searches the car, someone touches his back, but runs away before he is able to turn around and see who it was. Once he turns back to the car, he looks up and sees Dollface, and asks her to leave. After she runs off, James persuades Kristen that they need to escape in their car. When they are backing out of the driveway, a large truck pulls up behind them with its floodlights on, revealing another woman, this one wearing a Pin-up mask. After she smashes the truck into the couples\' car, James and Kristen run back into the house, where they find the word hello written all over the window and wall in the bedroom. James searches for and finds his father\'s shotgun and shells. They decide to run for it. As the couple approach the front door armed with the gun, the Man in the Mask begins breaking down the door with an axe. Terrified, the couple block the door with a piano, and James attempts to shoot him, but misses. The couple decide to hole up in a closet, facing the open doorway with the shotgun armed and ready. They hear footsteps in the house, and one of the intruders puts on a country record. James\'s friend, Mike , whom James contacted earlier, arrives at the house in his car. When he tries to call James\'s cell phone, it goes straight to voicemail. But while he is leaving a message, a rock crashes through his windshield, prompting him to jump out of the car. Baffled, he notices country music playing loudly from the house. He steps onto the porch and fails to notice Dollface hiding in the shadows there before entering the house. As Mike walks down the hallway, the Man in the Mask appears behind him, holding up the axe. When Mike steps in front of the closet, James fires the shotgun, thinking it is one of the masked killers, and kills Mike by shooting him in the face. After James and Kristen realize they killed Mike, James remembers an old radio in the shed and says it is their only hope. James leaves the house, promising Kristen that he will return in a few minutes, but Kristen decides not to wait for him to return, and leaves to go to the shed in the backyard. There, she finds the radio, which she uses to try and contact someone for help, but when she raises her voice, Pin-Up Girl appears and smashes the radio. Kristen returns to the house to look for James. As she walks down the hall, she hears a few keys being played on the piano, followed by footsteps, and the lights suddenly shut off. The Man in the Mask enters the hallway, but does not notice Kristen, as he is looking in the other direction. Kristen hides in the kitchen pantry while the man searches the hallway. He sits down at the table a few feet away from the closet before leaving the room. Kristen peers out of the closet, only to find the blond, masked woman staring back at her. The woman breaks the pantry door in, but suddenly stops. Kristen exits the closet to find the woman waiting for her with a knife. Kristen opens a kitchen drawer to arm herself as well when James is pushed into the house by the masked man, who now has the gun. When James tells Kristen to run, she sprints for the front door, only to find Pin-Up girl blocking her way. She runs into a bedroom and slams the door before attempting to escape through the window, and suddenly the lights come back on and the door swings open. Kristen walks back toward the hall to see who opened the door, when the Man in the Mask grabs her and throws her into the wall. Barely conscious, she is dragged down the hallway. James and Kristen wake up the next day and find themselves tied to chairs in the living room while the three strangers stand over them. Before removing their masks, Pin-Up Girl walks into the kitchen and returns with a large knife. Kristen asks, "Why are you doing this to us?" and Dollface answers, "Because you were home." Each of the strangers then takes turns stabbing James and Kristen seemingly to death. Then, shortly after the strangers stab her, Kristen hears Mike\'s phone ringing near his body and crawls toward it, but then the man wearing the sack mask comes and picks up the phone and breaks it leaving Kristen there. The trio leaves in an old pick-up truck and spot two young boys , prompting them to stop. Dollface takes one of the fliers that they are handing out and one of the boys asks her if she is a sinner, to which she replies, "Sometimes". As they drive away, Pin-Up Girl tells her, "It\'ll be easier next time." The trio leaves and the boys arrive at the house, finding the car windows crashed and the door open. The boys head in the house in curiosity only to find James and Kristen lying unmoving in the living room. One of the boys goes up to Kristen, and as he is about to touch her, she grabs his arm and screams in terror as the scene blacks out.'] ['In Eastern Europe, a group of American college athletes unknowingly board a train that will become one deadly ride. The students are participating in a wrestling championship; they include Todd  and his girlfriend Alex , Sheldon , Claire , and young assistant coach Willy . After a hard match, they sneak away from their hotel to an underground club. However, the next morning, they return too late for their train to Odessa. Coach Harris  has stayed behind to wait for them. At the station, a woman named Dr. Velislava  approaches and explains that train tickets are normally purchased after one has boarded. The coach and team members join her in boarding the train. Two workers from the train take their passports, and later burn them. In the dinner car, the coach is joined by the doctor, who flirts with him. They go to his room to have sex, and she injects him with a tranquilizer. In the following scene, the coach is seen in a torture chamber, screaming as he is stitched in the abdomen. Meanwhile, Todd has wandered down to the far end of the train into what he believes is a freight car, but turns out to be the quasi-torture chamber where the coach lies dead. Todd is strung up and tortured horribly. Soon after, Sheldon is attacked by the two demented workers, who drag him to the torture car; his genitalia are cut off and he is stitched back up. Willy and the girls are now searching the train looking for their friends. Willy and Alex find the torture chamber; they free Sheldon, who is still alive, and when they see the vivisected Todd is still breathing, Sheldon kills him. Just then, the torturer arrives dragging in Claire. Willy and Alex escape, chased by the torturer, but Sheldon and Claire are left behind. Alex and Willy are caught by the doctor; they realize all the other passengers are transplant patients, and tourists are being harvested for organs. Back in the torture car, Claire is still alive despite having a huge iron hook driven through her jaw. She, Alex, and Willy watch in horror as Sheldon is vivisected and his heart pulled out. While the captors go to another car to perform the transplant, Alex manages to escape and hide in a sleeper compartment. The next morning, at a military checkpoint, the conductor drags Claire off the train to give to the platoon as a bribe. The passengers  watch the platoon feed her to their dog on the side of the track as the train pulls away. That night the train reaches what appears to be a huge medieval hospital. Alex, disguised, sneaks off into the building, and soon finds Willy, horribly injured but still alive, chained to a bed. They escape into the woods. In the morning, Alex leaves Willy behind briefly, but then from a distance she sees him brutally murdered by the torturers from the hospital. Now determined, she returns to the train, still parked near the hospital and about to pull away to its next destination. Alex kills each of her torturers, douses the train with gasoline and sets it ablaze. She escapes down the tracks, and in the last scene, we see her some time later, about to enter a wrestling match with grim confidence.'] ["Belial returns in this sequel to Basket Case. Duane Bradly  and his hideously deformed brother are accepted into a family of special individuals under the care of Granny Ruth and her beautiful granddaughter. A snooping tabloid reporter and a sleazy photographer threaten to endanger the community's welfare. The two brothers join with the freaks to defend their privacy with a vengeance.DVD Covers: Basket Case 2"] ["The film opens as Julia Jenz  arrives at Dr. Schifrin's house for a routine baby-sitting gig. Soon after Dr. Schifrin leaves, a mysterious man knocks on the door, asking Julia to let him inside to use the phone on the strength that his car is broken down. Julia refuses to let the man inside but agrees to call his auto club. The phone is dead. Unwilling to divulge to the man that the phone is dead, Julia lies by saying that she in fact called the auto club. Of course, the auto club never arrives, so after some time, the man knocks again. Hoping he goes away, Julia continues to lie, but each encounter at the door becomes increasingly sinister. Meanwhile, several things inside the house turn up missing or are suddenly out of place, events in which Julia is just very slightly aware of at first. Soon, however, it becomes obvious that someone is moving in and out of the house, at which time Julia discovers that the children have been abducted. The intruder eventually comes after Julia; however, she is able to escape just as she comes within the intruder's reach. Five years later, Julia, is an introverted college student, still traumatized by the incident. To make matters worse, strange things are happening from time to time in her apartment, and Julia believes that the intruder is once again stalking her. Jill Johnson , now a counselor, and John Clifford  come to Julia's aid. Having been through a similar situation years prior, Jill and a reluctant John investigate and eventually track down the stalker in a surprise ending that revolves around who he is and how he can seemingly 'disappear' from sight. He then gets killed."] ["American student Tara and her college friends visit Ireland to meet with local resident and friend Jake, and go camping in woodlands surrounding a long-disused children's home. Whilst collecting psilocybin mushrooms for later consumption, Tara ingests a deathcap mushroom and suffers a seizure after which she experiences dream-like trances in which she begins having premonitions of future events. Around the evening camp fire, with Tara resting in her tent, Jake tells a ghost story of the empty children's home nearby, and of a violent sadistic monk who survived an assault by one of his charges, as revenge for killing his twin brother. Overhearing this causes Tara to have premonitions of the murders of her friends one by one, and ultimately herself. After a nocturnal row with his girlfriend and the others, aggressive jock Bluto drinks some of the hallucinogenic tea  and experiences a trip which culminates in his murder, seemingly at the hands of the rogue monk from the children's home. The following morning, unconcerned by Bluto's disappearance&nbsp;– the others consume the mushroom tea, only to become separated from one another in the woods whilst under its effects. The three women, arguing and squabbling, get lost until they themselves are split, and Holly and Lisa are violently murdered&nbsp;– in accordance with Tara's continuing visions&nbsp;– after an encounter with local woodsmen Ernie and Bernie. Jake and Troy locate Tara on the opposite bank of a river, and instruct her to meet them in the abandoned children's home to summon help. Upon investigating the property, Troy is apparently killed by the monk, and Jake makes good his escape by leaping from a high window, breaking his leg as he lands. Tara finds him and the two flee the haunted scene. Then, whilst resting his leg, he is murdered. Tara awakes as a Garda helicopter hovers over the camp, and is dispatched into an ambulance as the sole survivor. As her mobile phone rings, she experiences a rapid flashback and realises that the hallucinogenic deathcap mushroom caused her to murder all of her friends."] ["During their nightly poker game, a group of lowlife friends bring up a string of recent brutal murders at liquor stores. The group gets locked in at a liquor store one of them owns after the keys get lost, the group talks about collecting the bounty placed on the killer's head. But as the night wears on, the group's number falls as the killer stalks them one by one."] ['A group of teenagers create a game where one of them is secretly a killer while the others are victims. Using prop weapons, the killer must eliminate the other players before being discovered. The teens sneak into a warehouse late at night to play the game but things turn horrific when the players begin dying for real.'] ['Malcolm Rivers awaits execution for several vicious murders that took place at a motel. His psychiatrist, Dr. Mallick, has discovered his journal that may explain why he committed the murders. With this late evidence brought forth, a new hearing takes place. A group of 10 strangers find themselves stranded in the middle of a storm in a remote motel, run by Larry Washington. They are a limo driver, Ed Dakota; an 1980s movie star, Caroline Suzanne; a cop, Officer Rhodes, who is transporting a serial killer, Robert Maine; a prostitute, Paris Nevada; a pair of newlyweds, Lou and Ginny Isiana; and a family in crisis, Alice York who has been hit by Ed\'s car and her husband and son George, and Timmy. The group prepares to spend the night; however, they quickly find that there is an unknown murderer present, killing off each of the guests. Caroline is the first to be killed. Ed thinks that Maine killed her and when they check the convict, they discover he has escaped. All the others become worried, and Ginny runs to her room. Her husband Lou chases after her but is also murdered. Ed and Rhodes find the con, knock him out, and put Larry on duty guarding him. However, he is later found dead. Paris discovers a dead body in Larry\'s freezer. Larry attempts to escape in his truck, claiming he did not kill anybody. He then accidentally runs over George, killing him. Each body is accompanied by a room key, which appear to represent a countdown. The survivors tie Larry up, and as he tells them his story the others start to believe that he really did not kill anyone. Ginny and Timmy both die when their car blows up, but their bodies are nowhere to be seen. The remaining four discover that all the bodies have disappeared and that all 10 share the same birthday, and have surnames the same as US states. Paris also discovers that Rhodes is a convict as well, having killed the corrections officer transporting him and Maine across state and assumed his identity as a police officer. Rhodes attempts to kill her, but she is saved by Larry, who in turn is shot dead by Rhodes. Back at the hearing, the contents of Malcolm\'s journal are revealed, indicating the prisoner suffers from an extreme case of dissociative identity disorder, harboring 10 distinct personalities. Mallick is able to bring forth one of Malcolm\'s personalities, Ed, revealing that the events at the motel are occurring inside Malcolm\'s mind, each personality represented by one person at the motel. Mallick explains to "Ed" that the events at the motel are a result of treatment Malcolm is receiving - i.e. the killings at the motel being Malcolm\'s mind\'s attempt to eliminate nine excess personalities. Mallick further gives "Ed" the mission of making sure that the hostile personality  be eliminated to prevent Malcolm from being executed. In the motel setting, Ed believes that Rhodes is the murderer, and sacrifices himself to kill Rhodes, leaving only Paris alive. When Mallick demonstrates that the homicidal personality is dead, the Judge decides to place Malcolm in a mental institution under Mallick\'s care. As Malcolm is driven along with Mallick to the institution, in Malcolm\'s mind, Paris has driven away from the motel to her hometown, Frostproof, Florida. As she tends an orange grove, she discovers the room 1 motel key, and finds Timmy behind her. Timmy, the true homicidal personality, had orchestrated all the deaths at the motel, and made it appear that he had been killed as well; he finishes his task by killing Paris. Now driven only by Timmy, Malcolm strangles Mallick, and the van runs off the side of the road.'] ['A film crew and a motley collection of thespians set out for an island that will be the perfect location for their next feel good, light hearted, comedy picture. But unfortunately someone has other ideas and destroys their mode of transport before finishing off the surviving cast and crew  with the aid of a chainsaw, machete, and nail gun, all to a sick sado-masochistic type song . This psychotic murderer also has an accomplice, a fellow crewman who is skilled in the art of booby traps, rigging a shower to rain battery acid and scalding swimming pool that boils alive anyone who falls in.'] ['Mari Collingwood plans to celebrate her 17th birthday by attending a concert with her friend, Phyllis Stone. Her parents, Estelle and John, express concern both at the band and Mari\'s friendship with Phyllis. They let her go, giving her a peace symbol necklace as a gift before she leaves. Phyllis and Mari go to the city for the concert. On the way, they hear a news report on the car radio of a recent prison escape, involving criminals Krug Stillo, a rapist and serial killer, his son Junior, Sadie, a psychopath and sadist, and Fred "Weasel" Podowski, a child molester, peeping tom, and murderer. Before the concert, Mari and Phyllis stroll the streets, seeking someone who might sell them marijuana. They find Junior, who leads them back to an apartment, where they are immediately trapped by the criminals. Phyllis tries to escape, then tries to reason with the criminals, but fails and is raped by Krug. Meanwhile, Mari\'s unsuspecting parents prepare a surprise party for her. The next morning, the two friends are locked in a car trunk and taken to the countryside as the gang intends to leave the state. The villains\' vehicle malfunctions right in front of Mari\'s house while police are in her home talking to Mari\'s parents about her disappearance. Removed from the trunk, Phyllis is beaten as Mari realizes that they are near her own home while she is dragged to the woods. In the woods, both teenagers are untied. Mari and Phyllis are forced to have sex with each other and then Sadie performs oral sex on a weeping Mari. Phyllis runs away to distract the kidnappers and offer Mari an opportunity to escape, but is chased by Sadie and Weasel, while Junior stays behind to guard Mari, who tries to convince Junior that her father can help him, and she gives him her peace symbol necklace as a symbol of her trust. Phyllis manages to hit Sadie in the face and runs, but is then cornered and stabbed to death numerous times by Weasel. Sadie reaches into Phyllis\'s wounds and pulls out the insides, while Krug and Weasley amputate the hand and half of the forearm. Mari eventually convinces Junior to let her go, but they are immediately halted by Krug. Sadie and Weasel present Phyllis\' severed hand and half forearm and Krug proceeds to carve his name into Mari\'s chest. As Mari screams in pain, Krug tells her that she\'s gonna "get yours" at which point he pulls down Mari\'s pants and rapes her. Soon after this act, Mari vomits. At this point, the gang very briefly feel pangs of conscience. Mari quietly says a prayer then walks into a nearby lake. Krug shoots Mari and she floats on the top of the lake. Krug, Sadie, and Weasel wash and change out of their bloody clothes. In their new attire, the gang go to the Collingwoods\' home, masquerading as traveling salesmen. Mari\'s parents agree to let them stay overnight. Junior exposes their identity when Mari\'s mother, Estelle, sees Mari\'s peace symbol necklace dangling around his neck. Later that night she listens in to the gang while they are spending the night in Mari\'s bedroom and finds blood-soaked clothing in their luggage. She and Dr. Collingwood rush out into the woods, where they find Mari on the bank of the lake. They carry Mari\'s body back to the house then exact revenge against the crooks. Outside, Estelle dupes Weasel into a sex game, then performs fellatio on him. Without warning, she bites off his penis and leaves him to bleed to death. Inside the house, Dr. Collingwood carries his shotgun into his daughter\'s bedroom, where two of the criminals are sleeping. Krug escapes into the living room and overpowers the doctor, but the criminal is then confronted by his own son, who now brandishes a firearm and threatens to kill him. Krug psychologically manipulates the already troubled young man, demanding him to put the gun in his mouth and blow his brains out. Junior then shoots himself in the head. Then Krug finds out the doctor has disappeared. Sadie rushes outside where she is tackled by Estelle. The two of them wrestle and fight on the ground. Sadie punches Estelle and runs away. She then trips and falls into the pool. Estelle grabs a knife and pulls Sadie up and cuts her throat open, killing her. The doctor kills Krug with the chainsaw and the couple meet each other again in the living room as the police come.'] ['Divorcee Paul Stanton has talked his son Billy into being sent off on holiday  to California to join his Mother, Sally and her old high school sweetheart  Mike who are going into Arizona. Deciding on checking out Death Valley, they\'ve yet to find out that it is currently the new stamping grounds of cowboy serial killer  and his equally demented twin . Both have just done away with a teenage couple residing at an abandoned gold mine . Billy, stretching his legs, stumbles across their camper filled with death, missing the carnage he comes across a frog pendant lying on a shag pile. His moment of kleptomania somewhat seals his fate as its owner returns to find his trinket gone and so he takes off after Billy and his family, who wind up seemingly in the safe vicinity of a nearby Wild West novelty town. But for how long?  {| class="wikitable" |- ! Actor / Actress ! Character |- | Catherine Hicks | Sally |- | Edward Herrmann | Paul Stanton |- | Peter Billingsley | Billy |- | Stephen McHattie | Hal |- | Paul Le Mat | Mike |- | Jack O\'Leary | Earl |- | Wilford Brimley  | The Sheriff |- | Mary Steelsmith | The Babysitter |- | Earl W. Smith | Crony |- | Roy Gunsberg  | Tour Guide |- | Glenn McCreedy | Stu |}'] [" On Halloween in Haddonfield, Illinois, having already shown signs of psychopathic tendencies, ten-year-old Michael Myers  murders a school bully named Wesley , later his own sister Judith , his mother’s boyfriend Ronnie ([[William Forsythe , and Judith's boyfriend Steve . After one of the longest trials in the state’s history, Michael is found guilty of first degree murder and sent to Smith's Grove - Warren County Sanitarium under the care of child psychologist Dr. Samuel Loomis . Michael initially cooperates with Dr. Loomis, claiming no memory of the killings; his mother, Deborah , visits him regularly. After a year, Michael becomes fixated on his papier-mâché masks, closing himself off from everyone, even his mother. When Michael kills a nurse  as Deborah is leaving from one of her visits, she can no longer handle the situation and commits suicide. For the next fifteen years, Michael  continues making his masks and not speaking to anyone. Dr. Loomis, having continued to treat Michael over the years, attempts to move on with his life and closes Michael’s case. Later, while being prepared for transfer to maximum security, Michael escapes Smith’s Grove, killing the sanitarium employees and a truck driver  for his coveralls, and heads to Haddonfield. On Halloween, Michael arrives at his old home, now abandoned, and recovers the kitchen knife and Halloween mask he stored under the floorboards the night he killed his sister. The story shifts to Laurie Strode , and her friends Annie Brackett  and Lynda Van Der Klok  on Halloween. Throughout the day, Laurie witnesses Michael watching her from a distance. That night, she heads to the Doyle residence to watch their son Tommy . Meanwhile, Lynda meets with her boyfriend Bob  at Michael's childhood home. Michael appears, murders them, and then heads to the Strode home, where he murders Laurie's parents, Mason  and Cynthia . Having been alerted to Michael's escape, Dr. Loomis comes to Haddonfield looking for Michael. After obtaining a handgun, Loomis attempts to warn Sheriff Brackett  that Michael has returned to Haddonfield. Brackett and Dr. Loomis head to the Strode home, with Brackett explaining along the way that Laurie is actually Michael Myers' baby sister. Meanwhile, Annie convinces Laurie to babysit Lindsey Wallace , a girl Annie is supposed to be watching, long enough so she can have sex with her boyfriend Paul . Annie and Paul return to the Wallace home; during sex, Michael kills Paul and attacks Annie. Bringing Lindsey home, Laurie finds Annie on the floor, bloodied but alive, and calls 911. She is attacked by Michael, who chases her back to the Doyle home. Sheriff Brackett and Loomis hear the 911 call and head to the Wallace residence. Michael kidnaps Laurie, and takes her back to his home. Michael approaches Laurie and tries to show her that she is his younger sister. Unable to understand, Laurie grabs Michael's knife and stabs him before escaping the house; Michael chases her, but is repeatedly shot by Dr. Loomis. Laurie and Loomis are just about to leave when Michael grabs Laurie and heads back to the house. Loomis intervenes, but Michael attacks him by squeezing Loomis's skull with his hands. Laurie takes Loomis's gun and runs upstairs; she is chased by Michael, who, after cornering her on a balcony, charges her head-on and knocks both of them over the railing. Laurie finds herself on top of a bleeding Michael. Aiming Loomis' gun at his face, she repeatedly pulls the trigger until the gun finally goes off just as Michael's hand grips Laurie's wrist."] ['The film takes place in an old, worn down insane asylum in Auckland, New Zealand, run by Dr. Marlowe . Simon Cartwright , one of his patients, is seeking an appeal from a psychiatrist to get a reevaluation of his mental state. He wants to prove that he’s been cured; Simon is a serial killer that has killed over a dozen different people. He wants a psychiatrist from outside of the asylum to take his case, and he specifically asks for Dr. Karen Shumaker. Dr. Shumaker  has recently gained some publicity from winning a case involving another serial killer. There are two orderlies, Philip and Robert , who are in charge of watching over the insane asylum’s patients. They are always harassing and abusing Simon. In the opening scene they bring him to a visitor’s room and cover the camera up so they can start beating him up. They also spit in his food and are always violent and aggressive with him. When Dr. Shumaker arrives, she argues with Dr. Marlowe about seeing Cartwright; they don’t quite see eye to eye. Marlowe accuses her of only doing it to increase her publicity; however she tells him that it is Simon that has personally asked for her and so she proceeds with the visit. As she is led to the room where Simon is waiting, there is another patient, Marge  roaming in the hallway outside the room Simon is in. She attacks Dr. Shumaker telling her to watch out for “The Ugly.” When Shumaker finally gets to the interview room she and Cartwright begin their session. Simon does not have a specific type of victim; this is not typical in a serial killer. His kills are random and Dr. Shumaker wants to know why. She asks if he feels any remorse or guilt, but he does not. All he says is that he simply had to kill them. As they talk through their session, the movie shifts to a number of flashbacks. First they delve into Simon\'s childhood, only to find out that he was bullied as a child and that his mother abused him. As an adolescent, the only person he had ever cared about, Julie , was driven away by his mother . In response to this, Simon ends up slashing his mother\'s throat. He tries to make it look like a robbery took place and burns the house down, but the cops figure out what really happened. Simon is then locked away in an asylum for five years. Once he is released, he starts killing again. He kills lots of different people; his victims range from men to women, old and young. It seems as though there is no pattern in the way he chooses his victims, that it’s all the same to him. However, we learn of an instance in which he spares the life of a thirteen year old deaf girl. He tells Dr. Shumaker that he did not kill the girl because she was different: she was like him. Although he does not have a specific type of victim, Simon does have a signature method of killing. He slashes people’s throats with a large straight razor. He says that it is “the ugly” that makes him kill; it will not leave him alone until he has satisfied its voice. As Dr. Shumaker delves deeper into his psyche, she discovers that Simon, who claims to be haunted by the voices of his victims telling him to kill, as well as a malignant alternate persona called "The Ugly," may not be so much crazy as he is tortured inside from years of physical and psychological abuse.'] ['Megan Paige  is an investigator for the Rochester Police Department investigating the murder of a young girl named Carla Castillo. Her body was found in the nearby village of Churchville, New York with white cat hair on it. Against opposition of her colleagues and partner/boyfriend Kenneth Shine , Megan insists that the murder is a work of a serial killer. Despite Megan’s considerable efforts she fails to catch the killer. Stress and obsession of the investigation causes Megan to hallucinate the victim\'s image. She ultimately has a nervous breakdown after being kicked off the case and tries to commit suicide. Following two years of medical treatment and attending a support group headed by a wheelchair user named Richard Ledge , Megan rejoins the police department in an office job. Following a similar murder of another young girl, Wendy Walsh, whose body is found in Webster with some white cat hair on it. Megan successfully lobbies to join the investigation. Partnered with Steven Harper , they try to find links between the girls. Then another girl, Melissa Maestro, is killed. They find a number of commonalities between Wendy and Melissa, but fail to connect these to the first victim. The Webster Police Department, which has jurisdiction over the latest murder but are uncooperative, receive a call from 19-year-old Elizabeth Eckers who is being held hostage in a house. Megan is convinced the suspect is not the Alphabet Killer and breaks procedure to preempt a police raid. Megan defuses the situation, but an officer shoots the suspect through a window and kills him. Webster police declare that the Alphabet Killer is dead and announce the discovery of white cat hair in the house. Megan spirals into another nervous breakdown. Certain that the Webster police planted the evidence in order to justify killing an innocent, Megan continues the investigation on her own. Megan discovers that all three girls attended the St. Michael\'s Church in Rochester. Still suffering from hallucinations of the victims, Megan visits the church and tries to question the pastor, but suffers another breakdown and is hospitalized. Megan flees from the hospital and takes refuge in Ledge\'s home. There she finds that he used to work as the math teacher for the St. Michael\'s Church which finally reveals that he is the killer. Before she can act he leaps from his wheelchair - having only pretended to be disabled - and attacks her. Ledge knocks her unconscious and drives to a remote spot near the Genesee River to kill her. Before Ledge can inject her with a sedative and dump her in the river, Megan breaks free and shoots him with his own gun. Ledge falls into the river just past a large waterfall - though it\'s unclear if he is dead. Unsure whether Ledge is dead and confused by her surroundings, the intense situation causes Megan to suffer another, longer breakdown. Megan is hospitalized and kept under intensive psychiatric care. The final scenes of the film show Megan heavily sedated and strapped to a bed in a psychiatric ward. There is no one else in the room, but in her state she envisions the spirits of the victims waiting for her to return and seek justice for them. The final scenes of Megan are intercut with scenes of Ledge who, having survived Megan\'s attempts to kill him, has altered his appearance. He is shown in church, receiving communion and exchanging glances with a potential victim. It is unclear if these scenes of Ledge are actually occurring or are part of Megan\'s psychosis. A title card announces: "In 2006, police exhumed a fireman\'s body and posthumously cleared him as a suspect. To date, the Alphabet Killer has not been found."'] ["After being cursed by their mother, a caveman brother and sister are forced to live their lives by preying on young people in a park and devouring their entrails in order to stay young. After 12,000 years of killing they attempt to lift the curse and become immortal by finding a virgin's soul they can sacrifice, with the brother fathering a daughter for that purpose."] ['In a seedy bar in a town ravaged by war, scientist and businessman Hunt  hires mercenary and former Royal Marine D.C. ([[Ray Stevenson  to assemble a crack team of ex-soldiers, Prior , Jordan ([[Paul Blair , Cotter , Voytech , McKay  and Taktarov , to protect him on a dangerous journey into no-man\'s land. Their mission is to scope out an old military bunker in Eastern Europe. It should be easy – 48 hours at the most, and highly paid. Once at the outpost, the men make a horrific discovery that turns their mission on its head – the scene of a bloody and gruesome series of experiments, carried out by the SS, in reality shifting and reanimation during World War II to create invincible soldiers. . Amidst the carnage, they find a survivor . At night, the clearing around the bunker is suddenly lit up, and silhouettes of people are seen amongst the light. Soon after, a member of their team called Tak goes missing and is gruesomely killed by an unseen foe. Later the same night Voyteche is killed by two Nazis. The next morning his and Tak\'s dead bodies are found linked together by the head, and Tak\'s containing a spent round in his skull. D.C. receives answers regarding the assignment from Hunt, which was that an unnamed corporation wanted Hunt to find and recover a large generator-like device which was responsible for the SS\'s reality-shifting experiments. D.C. orders Cotter to retrieve Hunt from the generator room. However, while trying to convince Hunt to come with him, an SS soldier with a pickaxe kills Cotter. It is revealed that the survivor the mercenaries recovered was actually a surviving SS brigadier general, with Prior killing the officer, the "breather" comes back to life and MacKay speaks his last words of "You\'re hummin\' my balls!", and is killed. The mercenaries and Hunt attempt to evacuate the outpost only to be killed by the undead German army. A second corporate team arrives 72 hours later to carry out the same assignment, only to "find a breather" among the piles of naked corpses and face the illuminated soldiers surrounding the bunker, in the distance stands the brigadier general who gives the SS soldiers a nod and they begin their assault on the team before the credits roll.'] ['Joseph Thorne is an intelligent, yet shady Denver police detective. One day, he comes across a series of bizarre, brutal, and ritualistic murders and is driven into obsession with the puzzle box associated with the crimes, known as the Lament Configuration, eventually solving the puzzle. Upon solving the box, he becomes obsessed with unmasking the mysterious figure connected to the crimes, known only as "The Engineer". Upon discovering that "The Engineer" has kidnapped a child, he begins hunting for the figure, who in turn taunts him, killing off many of his friends, leaving one of the child\'s fingers at every crime scene. Eventually, he is driven into insanity while working on the case, and is subjected to various psychological torments for much of the film, such as brutal hallucinations, and soon discovers that this is only the beginning of his punishments for the cruel life he led. The Cenobites, a race of mutilated demons, eventually appear to him, and the lead Cenobite, "Pinhead" reveals that all of the events have happened because he has been in The Labyrinth ever since solving the box. It is also revealed that "The Engineer" is a personification of his cruelty. Pinhead proceeds to wrap chains and hooks around Joseph\'s face and informs him that this is only the beginning, and that he will have to repeat the events for all eternity, as a consequence of the cruel life he led.'] ['{{plot}} A teenage girl with a hood on walks into a restaurant and orders a burger. She sets the money on the counter, revealing that she has two fingers missing on her right hand. As she sits at a table alone, a few people stare at her and a young boy asks his mother "Why does that girl\'s face look like that?" Finally, the girl snaps and bursts into tears, yelling how it is not her fault that her face looks like the way it does. In high school, an Indian-American boy named Ravi is constantly bullied and insulted by two jocks named Bradley and Bernard. A goth girl named Emily is taunted by a group of three popular girls named Kelli, Bridget, and Heather, who abuse her despite Emily\'s pleas that they could be friends. Another outcast named Dane is shown to having inherited an old secluded house in the woods from his late uncle\'s will. The outcasts are all invited to a video shoot by a popular boy named Kurtis. The outcasts agree that they like him and don\'t want him showing up at an upcoming party, Ravi stating that "He\'s not one of them." At the video shoot, Bradley and Bernard confront Ravi in the bathroom, breaking the camera after continuing with their usual taunts, going as far as to call Ravi a terrorist. Dane shows up to inform Ravi that the shoot is starting, and asks what happened. Bradley challenges Dane to a fight, to which Dane admits he cannot win. Bradley tells Dane that he bullies him because he knows Dane cannot do anything about it. Back at school, Kurtis finds out what happened and starts a fight with Bradley, fed up with the egotistic boy\'s attitude. Most of the outcasts are shown to have disturbing family lives: Dane\'s parents fight all the time; Ravi\'s family is cold and distant; Jack, a quiet boy who is skilled at playing the banjo, has a father that ignores him completely. The outcasts set up cameras and various equipment at Dane\'s house, where they lure all the popular kids, having sending out party invitations earlier. They lace the alcohol with a drug, causing everyone to fall unconscious. When the kids wake up, they find themselves chained together, with the outcasts all masked and wearing costumes inspired by horror movies. They want revenge for the years of torment and want to torture their worst enemies. A vulgar teenager named Miles decides that the entire thing is a stupid Halloween joke and starts to mouth off. As a result, Jack applies a cattle gun to his face and knee. One boy, Tommy, is allowed to go and get help, but his escape is cut short when he steps into a bear trap and is caught by a group of three boys nicknamed "The Triplets", who help the outcasts. Bernard is tortured with needles by Emily, after he is given a drug that attacks his muscular system, keeping him from moving or making much sound. Kurtis, who attended the party after all, is secretly given a key by Ravi and luckily escapes. Ravi is then stabbed by Dane and killed almost instantly, for betraying the group. Emily smears a paste on Heather\'s face that is made to slowly start disintegrating the skin it touches, leaving Heather horribly scarred. Bridget realizes that it is Emily and apologizes. She is given the chance to be spared by cutting off Bradley\'s fingers, but she refuses. Emily then offers Bradley safety if he agrees to cut off Bridget\'s fingers. Bradley cuts off two fingers on Bridget\'s right hand before Emily offers the deal to Bridget again. Bridget reluctantly agrees to cut off Bradley\'s fingers. Ultimately, she decides she cannot harm her friend and is punished by Emily, who smears the previously-used acidic compound on her face. Kurtis makes it to a neighbor\'s house, an elderly ex-soldier named Parker. He is suspicious of the fact that Kurtis showed up with a gun, and has the teen tied up for a period before Kurtis finally convinces him that there really is trouble. Parker goes to investigate, but is caught in a trap, severely injuring his legs. Despite the injuries, he manages to kill two of the triplets. Bradley is taunted by a now very insane Dane, and attempts to apologize, though this bears no fruit. Dane then uses his switchblade to sever Bradley\'s spinal cord, instantly paralyzing him from the waist down. Kurtis calls the police and returns to Dane\'s house, where he saves a boy named Riggs from getting his tongue cut off. However, Kurtis is shot in the arm by Dane after managing to kill Andy, one of the other outcasts. Dane is about to finish the job, but is shot by Emily, who has had enough. After one last hug, and Emily speaking her final words to Kelli, Jack kills Emily, just as the police arrive. The police burst through, demanding that Jack drop the gun, but he only points it to his own head, declaring that they are "too late" and that "there are more of us out there" before pulling the trigger. A news report recounts how the popular kids were abducted and tortured "without reason". Kelli, who remained unharmed, swallows a large amount of pills in the school\'s bathroom. At school, Kurtis exchanges looks with the remaining triplet. The final scene reveals that Bridget is the disfigured girl from the beginning of the movie.'] ['Based on the Imperium Comics series of the same name, Trailer Park of Terror follows six troubled high schoolers and their leader, the optimistic youth ministries pastor, Lewis . As the group return from an outdoor character building retreat in the mountains they become lost on the backroads after their bus crashes during a raging storm. The luckless group seeks refuge for the night in a seemingly abandoned trailer park down the road, managed by the strange and seductive Norma . As the night progresses they find that the park is anything but empty as Norma and her undead trailer trash buddies pick them off in imaginative ways.'] ["Four years after the events of Jaws, two divers are photographing the wreck of the Orca, Quint's boat from the first film. They are suddenly attacked by a large great white shark, and during the attack one of the divers' camera gets a photo of the shark's profile. A few days later, the shark enters the coastal waters of Amity Island, killing a female water skier. The female driver of the speedboat tries to defend herself by first throwing a gasoline tank at the shark  and then igniting the fuel with a flare gun. The fire ignites the gas tank and the speedboat explodes, killing the driver. Though burned on the right side of its head, the shark survives. In addition to these incidents, a dead killer whale is beached at a nearby lighthouse with large wounds all over its body which Police Chief Martin Brody  suggests were caused by a great white shark. Once again, Mayor Vaughn  doesn't share Brody's belief that the town has another shark problem and warns him not to press the issue. Later, Brody spots a section of a ruined speedboat bobbing in the surf just off the beach. When he goes to retrieve it, he encounters the burnt remains of the female speedboat driver. Brody stops his 17-year-old son Mike  from going sailing, and finds him a summer job working at the beach. The following day, while Brody is in an observation tower, he sees a large shadow produced by a school of bluefish, which he mistakes for a shark. In his haste, Brody orders everyone out of the water and fires his gun, causing a panic. Later that evening, he receives the photo of the shark's eye, taken by one of the attacked divers. Brody shows it to Vaughn and his townsmen, but they refuse to accept the evidence put in front of them. Len Peterson ,who has built a new resort in Amity to attract people, and the town council fire Brody for the beach incident, with Mayor Vaughn being the only one to vote against dismissal. Deputy Hendricks  is promoted to Brody's position. The next morning, Mike sneaks out and goes sailing with his friends, but has to take his young brother Sean  along to stop him telling his parents about Mike's trip. Later, they go past a group of divers led by Tom Andrews . Tom encounters the shark minutes after entering the water to catch lobsters and escapes, but suffers an embolism due to rushing to the surface too fast. Tina  and Eddie  later encounter the shark when it smashes into their sailboat, devouring Eddie and leaving Tina traumatized and alone. Brody and his wife Ellen  find Andrews being put into an ambulance, and Brody suspects that something must have scared him to make him come up so fast. Hendricks informs Brody that Mike has gone out sailing to the lighthouse with his friends, so Brody insists on taking the police patrol boat to rescue them, with Ellen and Hendricks both joining him. They find Tina's boat, with Tina hiding in the hull, who confirms Brody's suspicions about the shark in the area. Hendricks and Ellen take Tina ashore in a passing boat, while Brody continues to search for the teenagers using the police launch. All seems well with the other teenagers until the shark appears. The shark then smashes into one of their sail boats, causing panic and their boats to collide with each other. Mike is knocked unconscious and is pulled out of the water just as the shark appears; two friends take him back to the shore for help. The rest of the teens remain floating on the wreckage of tangled boats, drifting out toward the open sea. A harbor patrol marine helicopter arrives and a line is rigged to tow the boats to shore, but before the pilot can tow them, the shark attacks the chopper causing it to sink into the water. Sean also falls into the water, but he is quickly saved by Marge . As Marge tries to get back into the boat, her hands slip on the wet hull, and she falls back into the water. The shark approaches and devours Marge. Back at mainland, Tina is sent to the hospital, and Ellen berates Peterson for getting Brody fired and denying the shark's presence. Brody finds Mike, who informs his father about the situation. Sean and his friends are drifting on the wreckage toward Cable Junction , with the open sea beyond it. Brody quickly finds the teenagers, but the shark attacks again, which causes Brody to run his boat aground on the rocks. Brody tries to tie a rope line, but snags an underwater power cable instead. Most of the teenagers are tossed into the water during the shark's next attack, and they swim to safety on Cable Junction, though the shark injures Lucy while Sean and Jackie are left marooned on one of the boats. Using an inflatable raft, Brody gets the shark's attention by pounding the power line with an oar , and gets the shark to bite the power cable. The plan succeeds: the shark gets electrocuted, dies and sinks to the bottom of the sea. Brody collects Sean and Jackie and paddles over to Cable Junction, to await rescue with the other teenagers."] ['Virginia "Ginny" Wainwright is a pretty and popular high school senior at Crawford Academy. She is one of her school\'s "Top Ten": an elite clique which comprises the richest, most popular and most snobbish teens at the Academy. The Top Ten meet every night at the Silent Woman Tavern, a pub near Crawford\'s campus. One night en route to the tavern, Top Ten member Bernadette O\'Hara is attacked in her car by a killer whose face cannot be seen. Unable to flee, she struggles and then plays dead to catch the killer off-guard, before running to get help. She finds somebody whom she is familiar with, only to have her throat slit by this person with a razor  who is actually the killer. The Top Ten is briefly concerned when Bernadette fails to show up at the Silent Woman. They soon get over it when their argument with another customer results in one of them putting a pet mouse into his beer; mayhem ensues, and the Top Ten flee the scene. On the way home, the Top Ten see a drawbridge going up and decide to play a game of chicken: all cars in the game must make it across before the bridge is completely raised . A protesting Ginny is shoved into a car by fellow Top Ten member Ann Thomerson. Every car jumps the drawbridge save one. As the car goes over the drawbridge Ginny yells "Mother!" and makes it safely across. After the car stops Ginny runs from the vehicle into the darkness home. On the way home she stops by her mother\'s grave to tell her she\'s popular and hangs out with the Top Ten all the time. Ginny is confronted by her father about coming home after her curfew. Unbeknownst to either of them, Top Ten member Etienne Vercoures, a French foreign exchange student has followed her home. He enters Ginny\'s room, steals a pair of her underwear and escapes without being seen. Ginny shares a handful of lost, repressed memories with her on-call psychiatrist, Dr. David Faraday. She underwent an experimental medical procedure, involving surgery to restore brain tissue, after surviving a harrowing accident at a drawbridge. As Ginny attempts to resume her normal life, her fellow Top Ten members are murdered in very vicious and violent ways: Etienne is strangled when his scarf gets caught in the spokes of his motorcycle ; Greg has his neck crushed while lifting weights, and yet, the killer who always sports a pair of black gloves, is never seen. Until one night, Top-Ten member Alfred, who\'s had a strong crush on Ginny, follows Ginny to her mother\'s grave and is then gutted with a pair of garden shears by Ginny. On the weekend of her 18th birthday, Mr. Wainwright leaves on a business trip. After a school dance, Ginny invites Steve, another member of the Top Ten, to her place for a midnight snack. She prepares shish kebabs, and feeds him, while they drink and smoke marijuana. Then, Steve unsuspectingly leaves his mouth open and Ginny shoves the kebab skewer violently down his throat; leaving little doubt that Ginny may be the killer at this point. The following morning, Ginny is taking a shower fighting to remember everything up to that point. In flashbacks, the following is revealed. Ginny\'s mother, a newly-inducted socialite, invited the Top Ten to Ginny\'s birthday celebration four years earlier. Instead, the Top Ten went to Ann\'s party. Drunk and unstable, Mrs. Wainwright confronted the grounds-keeper. Ginny\'s mother learned that she had a reputation as the town whore; ergo, neither she nor her daughter were welcome at the Thomersons\'. This led to Mrs. Wainwright attempting to drive across a bridge that was in the process of opening. With Ginny screaming, her mother finally stopped in the middle of the bridge as each side was still raising. The car fell in between the bridge halves and Mrs. Wainwright drowned in her car, although Ginny swam to safety. Ginny realizes that she may have killed her friends after all, including Ann, who had just paid her a visit. With Ginny\'s 18th birthday steadily approaching, she struggles to get answers from Dr. Faraday; when he fails to provide any, she kills him with a fire poker. Mr. Wainwright returns from his business trip, ready to celebrate his daughter\'s 18th birthday. Entering their house, he sees blood and frantically attempts to locate Ginny. Instead, Mr. Wainwright finds Greg\'s girlfriend Amelia in shock in the courtyard clutching a gift, his late wife\'s grave  and Dr. Faraday\'s corpse. Entering a cottage which serves as the Wainwrights\' guest quarters, he makes a ghastly discovery. The corpses of all the murdered Top Ten members are seated around the table, which has been set to look exactly as it did four years ago. The corpse of Mrs. Wainwright is seated there as well. Then Ginny enters, carrying a large cake and singing "Happy Birthday" to herself. Already distraught, Mr. Wainwright bursts into tears when his daughter casually admits to committing the murders. Ginny then slits her father\'s throat with the same large knife she used to cut the cake. He never sees the real Ginny, who is sedated, seated at this table as the killer\'s only living guest. Ginny\'s doppelganger rants about having done all of this for Ginny, who then awakens to discover that the second Ginny is really Ann in disguise. Ann has been embittered by the revelation of her father\'s affair with Ginny\'s mother. It turns out that both girls are half-sisters. Ann slaughtered the six main members of the clique, that never showed up for her birthday party, expressly for the purpose of framing Ginny - who suddenly breaks free, takes Ann\'s knife and kills her with it. As she stands over her half-sister\'s corpse, a detective walks in on Ginny and the horrifying carnage that surrounds her. He stares at Ginny and demands, "What have you done?" The audience is then left to wonder if Ginny will be cleared of the killings or arrested for them. We hear Ginny singing "Happy Birthday to Me" as the film ends.'] ['In the first story, "Nightmare", a businessman discovers his wife cheating on him and plans to shoot the boyfriend and make it look like she did it, then hung herself. But the boyfriend manages to kill him and dumps the body in a nearby lake, but then needs the car keys from the pocket of the body to get rid of a telltale car. The wife has had a number of terrible nightmares that her husband comes back from the dead to get revenge on her and when the door creaks open she blasts the figure behind it only to find she has killed her boyfriend. She is found hanged by the law, but her body is covered in water and you are led to believe that the dead man killed her finally. Starring: * Rachel York as Sarah Freemont * Carmine Giovinazzo as Frank Sarno * Fredric Lehne as Louis Freemont * Wade Williams as Clay Hendricks * Carl Strano as Chief Of Police * Jeff Ricupito as Police Officer * Brent Strachan as Police Officer * Julieann Getman as Police Officer * Harrison Held as Medical Examiner In the second tale, "Bobo," the Gatleys are a perfect family with father and daughter having a perfect relationship. Then the daughter finds a small monkey in their tree and persuades her father to allow it indoors. The monkey, tame around the daughter, hates everyone else. The monkey alienates his daughter from him and after it bites Ron, he puts it near a cage next to the  dog who hates it. Next morning the dog is found stabbed to death and the monkey gone. The police don\'t want to know about monkeys so Ron bribes an animal catcher to get it but he ends up stabbed to death too so again Ron has to hide the body. His wife and daughter now doubt his sanity as he goes after the monkey with a gun but it alludes him, and his bear trap, and then it kills his wife. Beyond anger he goes to his daughter\'s room where he suspects the monkey is. It attacks him and he loses his rifle but manages to trap the monkey only to see his daughter holding the rifle pointed at him. He shouts at her to give him the gun but she shoots him. She tells the police what happened when they finally turn up, and never says another word after that. Starring: * Bryan Cranston as Ron Gatley * Katelin Petersen as Jennifer Gatley * Jodi Harris as Carol Gatley * Marcus Bagwell as Pound Dispatcher The third story, "Come To Granny", involves a troubled teenager with psychic abilities who visits a therapist. He tells her of his crazy visions in which he sees the Granny killer killing his victims. When he has these visions it looks to bystanders that he is having a fit. A vision when with his girlfriend drives her away, and she too becomes a victim of the killer, something he has seen previously. He warns the therapist that she is to be the next victim of the vicious serial killer but she thinks that he is the killer and runs from him. He falls onto her letter spike in trying to reach her and is badly injured but slowly follows her. She manages to get the lift but out comes Granny with a cleaver and Sean who was trying to give her a gun to defend herself collapses . Starring: * Brenda Strong as Dr. Helen Corey * Will Estes as Sean Goodwin * Shonda Farr as Jasmine * Barbara Jansen as Margaret Goodwin * Jerry Day as Robert Goodwin * Branwen Mayfair as Woman Victim * Lynda Kay Parker as Teacher * Rafaella Forero as Cleaning Woman * Allen Simpson as Jasmine\'s Friend * Lance W. Dreesen as Granny Killer  The film ends with the couple refusing to buy any of the houses. The real estate agent finds out he has failed to meet a deadline and his son is put on the phone and you get the impression that something bad is going to happen to him. The estate agent goes mad and stabs Mr Doyle in the neck and as he collapses to the floor with blood spurting from his neck, starts stabbing him in the back. Mrs Doyle after an effort gets the front door open and runs out to see a neighbour about to use a lawn mower on a cat buried up to its neck. As she gets in the car to drive off, the estate agent tries to get her, and Bobo the murderous monkey appears on her windscreen. As she drives off screaming, she see people being shot at, a human leg hanging out of a wheelie bin, an explosion, a car trying to run over a man and so on as she tries to get as far away as possible from this evil area.'] ['{{Plot}} Nursery teacher Jenny  and her boyfriend Steve  escape for a romantic weekend at an idyllic remote lake. When they arrive at the beach, they attempt to enjoy a relaxing day by the lake, but they are harassed by a gang of teenage hooligans. Steve stubbornly decides that he would stay at their campsite rather than give in to the gang. They endure a night of loud noise and catcalls from the gang. By the morning, Jenny and Steve discover that their food has been infested with insects. Hungry, they return to the car and plan to drive to find someplace to eat, but their car gets a flat when they run over an empty bottle. Steve replaces the tire and they set off for the town. While in town, Steve sees the gang riding around on their bicycles. Jenny and Steve arrive at a diner for some breakfast. In the diner, Steve asks the waitress if she has seen the kids riding around on bikes. The waitress jokingly asks if they have been terrorizing them. Steve laughs and states they have only been "hassling" them, and continues by saying that he wanted to inform their parents they had punctured his tire. The waitress then becomes strangely defensive, saying \'Not my kids\'! When Jenny and Steve leave the town, Steve catches sight of a group of bikes sprawled out on the front lawn of a house. He stops the car, but Jenny pleads for him to drive on. Steve is determined to meet with the children\'s\' parents and determinedly gets out. Receiving no answer to his calls, Steve enters the house, but almost gets caught by the owner, the father of one of the teenagers, who returns. Steve manages narrowly to escape out of the window, and he and Jenny hastily head back to the lake. Once back, Steve goes snorkeling whilst Jenny sleeps on the beach, but when Steve returns they realize the beach bag, containing the car keys and Steve\'s phone and wallet, has gone missing. Hurriedly, they go to check on the car, and much to their dismay, see that it is gone. Making their way back to town on foot, they narrowly avoid being hit by the car as the gang drives it wildly through the woods, stopping only for Brett ([[Jack O\'Connell , the leader, to smirk at the couple. Later, Steve and Jenny come across the gang in the woods. Steve, against Jenny\'s will, confronts them. He demands the car keys and his possessions back, but Brett denies any knowledge. Unfortunately for him, the phone goes off in his pocket, prompting a scuffle, during which one of the boys produces a knife. Steve manages to grab the knife, but in the confusion ends up fatally stabbing Brett\'s dog. Brett, evidently saddened by his dog\'s death, throws the car keys to the ground and tells them to leave. Steve and Jenny manage to find the car and start driving away, but get stuck on a steep slope. Meanwhile, Brett has decided he wants retribution after all, and the gang catch up with them and start throwing rocks at the car, breaking the windshield and smashing the headlights. Terrified, Steve and Jenny luckily manage to get the car moving again, but with the headlights not working, Steve ends up crashing the car. Finding himself trapped by a tree branch which has come through his window, he tells Jenny to run and to try to find help. Jenny escapes and finds somewhere to hide, where she spends the night. The next morning she cautiously returns to the car but finds Steve gone. Following a trail of blood, she comes across the gang in a small clearing, with Steve tied up with barbed wire. She watches in horror as the boys, goaded by Brett, take turns torturing Steve with their knives as Paige , the girl of the gang, is told to record the whole thing on her phone. Jenny, realizing they are about to kill him, uses the bluetooth on her GPS to connect with Steve\'s phone. Brett notices this, realizing she must be close, and orders the gang after her. Jenny flees, the gang close behind her on their bikes. This gives Steve the opportunity to free himself from the barbed wire, and he also sets off running. Jenny manages to evade the gang, and eventually finds Steve, injured and bleeding heavily. She helps him to a shed where she tries to treat some of his wounds. She finds a wedding ring in Steve\'s clothing and he tells her he had planned to propose. The gang turns up and enter the shed but they find nothing as Jenny managed to conceal both herself and Steve underneath the construction in the water. The group leaves, and Jenny pulls Steve out of the water. They decide she should go on alone, leaving Steve concealed under some leaves. Following the power lines, Jenny treads on a spike and hides for fear her screams have alerted the gang to her location. She comes across Adam, the little boy she and Steve had encountered earlier. She pleads to him for help, but he instead leads her straight to the gang, who knock her out. She awakens to find herself and a near-dead Steve about to be set alight by the gang. Pouring petrol over them, Brett forces Adam to light the fire with a match. Again Brett commands Paige to film the whole scene with her phone. The rest of the gang are noticeably disturbed at this point. The ropes binding Jenny burn through and she escapes. Brett, in his fury, sticks a tire on Adam and swills him in petrol and threatens to set light to him if she does not return. Jenny, though, is already too far away, and can only look on in horror as Adam is necklaced alive. Eventually she finds a trail map, which she removes to help her escape. Narrowly avoiding Brett and Ricky by hiding in a large bin, she arms herself with a shard of glass, but before she can go anywhere she encounters another of the gang; Cooper. Having evidently realized things have gone too far, Cooper seems as if he is about to offer her his help, but before he can do so, Jenny stabs him with the glass. Although the shock of what she has done immediately strikes her, she can do nothing but hold Cooper as he dies in her arms. Finding the body, Paige screams, bringing Brett running. Another member of the gang confronts him, and begins to call someone on his phone, prompting Brett to beat him savagely. Paige then runs off, terrified by Brett\'s seemingly uncontrollable brutality. Meanwhile, Jenny finally reaches the road. Managing to flag down a van, she gets in, telling the driver she has been attacked. Worried, the driver explains he is looking for his brother Ricky, who is also in the forest. The driver stops the van and gets out, leaving the keys in the ignition. Jenny, scared that she will be caught again, resolves to steal the van, and speeds off towards town, running over Paige as she does so. She makes it to town, only to crash into the front garden of a house. Making her way around the back of the house, she finds a party in progress, she pleads for help and collapses. Coming to, she finds herself inside the house, with a woman  comforting her. As she looks around and listens to the phone call the parents receive from their children, she comes to the realization that she is, in fact, in Brett\'s house and asks to be shown to the toilet. Brett\'s father at this point notices the van crashed on the lawn. Finding no escape, Jenny arms herself with a razor. As the commotion builds outside, the door is kicked in and she is confronted by Brett and his father, along with the other party-goers, some of them evidently the parents of the other gang members . Brett\'s father orders Brett to his room violently as he and another parent push Jenny back into the bathroom. Brett\'s father says "Just put her in the shower." As the film closes, Brett deletes the videos from Paige\'s phone and looks into his mirror as Jenny\'s screams ring from downstairs.'] ['The film\'s principal characters are the members of a wealthy English family living in a secluded manor house in the English countryside, and whose names are synonymous with their roles within the family: Mumsy , Nanny , Sonny , and Girly . Despite being in their twenties, Sonny and Girly act like prepubescent children, dressing in English school uniforms and sleeping in giant cribs in a room full of toys. The family\'s lives are built around an elaborate role-playing fantasy, called "The Game", which is structured around a set of ill-defined yet strictly enforced rules. Because a rich childhood is incomplete without friends, Sonny and Girly regularly seek out male loners, the homeless, and hippies to lure back to their house , where they are then forced to play "The Game". Should the "new friends" refuse, they are "put on trial" and then "sent to the angels"-- a euphemism for being made the victim in snuff films produced by Sonny in which he ritualistically hunts down and murders the men on the manor grounds. One night, Girly and Sonny stake out a swinging London party, where they encounter a male prostitute ([[Michael Bryant  and his latest client . An instant attraction develops between Girly and the man, who convinces his client to accompany the siblings for a night of carousing. Girly and Sonny take the couple to a playground, where they murder the woman by throwing her off of a large slide. The next morning, Sonny and Girly convince the hungover man that he murdered the woman after a night of heavy drinking, and convince him to return to the manor with them. The prostitute—rechristened "New Friend"-- is outfitted in schoolboy clothes and subjected to an indeterminate period of torment "playing the game," during which he is repeatedly presented with his client\'s body as a reminder that the family has incriminating information about him. After Mumsy makes sexual overtures to New Friend one evening, he gets the idea to turn the family against itself. "New Friend\'s" plot succeeds, as he creates sexual jealousy between the women after first sleeping with Mumsy and then Girly. Sonny, left out of the sexual politics, petitions to have New Friend "sent to the angels," resulting in Girly bludgeoning him to death with an antique mirror. Nanny attempts to secure New Friend for herself by murdering Mumsy with acid-tipped needles, but the attempt fails and Girly hacks Nanny to death with an axe and cooks her head for use in baked goods. Rather than turn on one another, Mumsy and Girly declare a truce, deciding to "share" New Friend by alternating what days of the week each woman will be permitted to have sex with him. The two women agree, though ponder what will happen should either of them ever become bored with New Friend, with Mumsy declaring it as an inevitability. Preparing for this day, New Friend settles into Mumsy\'s room with the acid-tipped needles Nanny had attempted to kill Mumsy with, content to bide his time enjoying the women\'s company.'] ['On November 9, 1988 in Chicago, Illinois, while being chased by homicide detective Mike Norris , serial killer Charles Lee Ray , also known as "Chucky" and "The Lakeshore Strangler", is shot and mortally wounded. Knowing he cannot escape, Charles takes cover inside a seemingly old toy store. He looms around until he falls on a stack of "Good Guy" themed dolls. He uses a voodoo ritual to transfer his soul into one of the dolls. The store is then struck by lightning and catches on fire; sending Mike flying unexpectedly across the store, although much of its inventory, including the dolls, survives. The detective isn\'t injured, and walks over to Charles, who lies deceased next to the doll. Later that morning, 6-year-old Andy Barclay ([[Alex Vincent  tells his mother Karen Barclay  that he wants a Good Guy doll for his birthday. Unable to afford the doll at full price, Karen buys a doll from a street peddler. That night, as Andy is playing with the doll – who has introduced himself as "Chucky",  – Karen\'s friend, Maggie Peterson , who is babysitting Andy, scolds him for turning on the evening news and placing Chucky in front of the TV. When Andy tries to deny the accusation , she doesn\'t believe him and sends him to bed. A small like figure is seen toying with Maggie, ultimately causing her to go into the kitchen. Maggie is violently struck with a hammer and falls out of the kitchen window, falling several stories to her death. Andy, when questioned by Mike Norris, who had killed Charles Lee Ray earlier that day, insists that Chucky has revealed himself to be alive and that he killed Maggie. Karen is very upset at Mike for questioning Andy. The next day, Andy skips school with Chucky and takes a subway train to the house of Eddie Caputo , Charles Lee Ray\'s getaway driver, who had left him to die after he was pursued by Jack Santos, also known as Mario , Mike Norris\'s partner. Chucky sneaks into Eddie\'s house and blows out the pilot light on the stove and turns up the gas. Eddie discovers that Charles is in the house, and, in panicked self-defense, fires his gun in the kitchen and the house explodes, killing him. Authorities place Andy in a psychiatric ward after he is found near the crime scene. Karen discovers Andy was telling the truth after discovering that the included batteries in the Good Guy doll box were never put inside the "working" doll. After threatening to throw him in the fireplace, Chucky comes alive in her hands , yells explectives at her, bites her, and runs out of the apartment. She then proceeds to contact Mike Norris. Although he initially doubts her story, the homeless man who sold Karen the doll confirms to Mike that he retrieved it from the burnt down toy store where Charles Lee Ray was killed, but not without asking for an offering first, in which Karen didn\'t have much to offer, so the homeless man attempted to rape her as an alternative, but she was saved by Mike. The detective becomes a believer after he is attacked by Chucky in his car and survives only by shooting the doll. Chucky meets John Simonsen , his voodoo instructor when he was younger, showing off his new body. Chucky then asks why his gunshot wound bled, since he should not bleed. John informs him that his body is slowly transforming to that of a human\'s and will soon become entirely flesh and blood, trapping him within it. Chucky demands to know how to avoid such a fate, but John, feeling Chucky has abused his voodoo knowledge, refuses to help. Having anticipated this, Chucky tortures him via a pre-prepared voodoo doll, and John admits Chucky can escape the doll body if he transfers his soul into the body of the first person he revealed his true nature to, which is Andy. Laughing that he will "get to be six years old again," a perfect disguise for a killer, Chucky stabs the voodoo doll and leaves John to die. Karen and Mike, following leads from Charles Lee Ray\'s case file, find John as he lies dying and receive instructions on how to kill Chucky; although Chucky is a doll, his heart is fully human and vulnerable to fatal injury. Knowing that Chucky is chasing him, Andy escapes from the psychiatric unit. Chucky brutally kills Dr. Ardmore  with an electroshock machine, leaving the authorities to believe Andy killed Dr. Ardmore while escaping. Mike and Karen rush back to the apartment hoping that Andy is there. Chucky reaches the apartment before them and knocks Andy unconscious with a baseball bat, then tries to begin the voodoo ritual to transfer his soul to Andy. After a prolonged struggle, Chucky is thrown into the fireplace by Karen and, despite some coaxing by Chucky, Andy manages to light a match and ignite the fireplace, ultimately burning Chucky alive. Andy and Karen, thinking that Chucky is dead, go to help an injured Mike, Karen telling Andy to get the first aid kit under the sink. After Andy gets the first aid kit from under the sink, he discovers Chucky is gone. Very burnt, but alive, Chucky chases after Andy and Karen, who barricade themselves in the bedroom. Karen shoots him several times, missing his heart, but scattering his head, an arm, and a leg in the hallway. After Mike\'s partner, Jack Mario, arrives, the scattered doll parts attack Mario at the instructions of Chucky\'s screaming, severed head. Karen, remembering John\'s last words, tells Mike to shoot Chucky in the heart. Mike does so and makes a direct hit, killing Chucky. Mike and Mario then acknowledge that no one will believe them. The film ends with Andy looking back at Chucky\'s remains as he, Karen, Mike, and Mario go out to the ambulance.'] [" The film opens with a shot of a baby in utero with the mother's voice soothing it. The baby recoils as if struck. Expectant mother Sarah  has been in a car accident, and her husband has been killed. Months later on Christmas Eve, Sarah is making final preparations for her delivery the following day. Still reeling from her husband's death, Sarah is now moody and depressed. That evening, a mysterious woman  arrives at Sarah's door, asking to use the telephone to call for help. Sarah lies that her husband is sleeping and she does not want to be disturbed, but the woman tells her that she knows that he is dead. When the visitor persists on coming in, Sarah, a professional photographer, attempts to take her photo through a window and telephones the police. When they arrive, the woman has already vanished. The police assure Sarah that she will be fine, but arrange to have a patrol car visit throughout the night. Upon developing her photos, Sarah recognizes the woman in the background of an earlier photo she had taken, indicating she was stalking Sarah. Sarah telephones her employer, asking to have the photos enhanced. As she goes to bed, the woman arrives in the bedroom, awakening Sarah with scissors puncturing her pregnant belly. Sarah fights the visitor off and locks herself in the bathroom, where the woman tries to gain entry. The woman makes clear that her intentions are to take Sarah's child for herself. Sarah's employer arrives, and later her mother, both unaware of the predicament that Sarah is in. Believing her to be the attacker, Sarah accidentally kills her mother. Her employer is later stabbed to death by the mysterious woman. The police arrive to check up, and upon realizing what is going on, attempt to apprehend Sarah's assailant and are instead murdered. A final confrontation ensues between Sarah and the woman, with both of them injuring each other via various household appliances. Sarah manages to gain the upper hand on her attacker and burns off half the woman's face with an aerosol container and cigarette. The woman flees, and upon being cornered by Sarah, reveals her identity; she was the other driver in Sarah's car accident and, being pregnant at the time, had lost her child. The two are interrupted by the revival of one of the police officers; having been shot in close proximity by the woman with his riot gun, he survived the attack and was brain-damaged instead. In his current state of mind, he confuses Sarah with her attacker and brutally beats her with his club. The woman comes to Sarah's aid and kills the officer, but it is too late; Sarah has begun to give birth and the baby is stuck. Desperate to save the child, the woman proceeds to perform the impromptu caesarian section on Sarah with her scissors as she originally planned. As the film ends, Sarah lies dead on the stairs, drenched in blood while the woman, having been successful with her delivery, sits on a rocking chair and comforts the newborn child."] ["While attending a preview of the film Stab, a film within a film based on the Woodsboro murders depicted in Scream, college student Phil Stevens and his girlfriend Maureen Evans, are both killed by Ghostface, though the onlookers at the theater witness Maureen's death and believe it to be a publicity stunt until she dies before them. The following day, the news media, including local journalist Debbie Salt, descends on Windsor College where Sidney Prescott now studies alongside her fellow Woodsboro survivor Randy, her boyfriend Derek, her classmate Mickey, and her best friend Hallie. Sidney receives prank calls, but is oblivious to the killings until someone tells her to watch the news. Two other Woodsboro survivors arrive at the campus: officer Dewey Riley to help Sidney, and reporter Gale Weathers to cover the case. Gale tries to stage a confrontation between Sidney and Cotton Weary - who is attempting to gain fame from his exoneration for the murder of Sidney's mother. Sidney angrily hits Gale. Later that night, Sidney unwillingly goes to a party with Hallie. At a sorority house, Ghostface kills fellow student Cici. He then crashes the party and attempts to murder Sidney, though Derek intervenes. The killer injures Derek, but Dewey and the police arrive, causing the killer to flee. The next day, Gale discusses the case with the police. Upon realizing that Cici's real name is Casey, she concludes that the killer is a copycat who targets students whose names are shared with the Woodsboro murder victims. While Gale is talking to Dewey and Randy on the campus lawn, she receives a call from Ghostface hinting that he sees what they are doing. Dewey, Randy, and Gale deduce that he is on the campus, watching them. They search for him, but Randy, who tries to keep the killer on the phone, is dragged into Gale's broadcast van and stabbed to death. In the wake of the escarlating murders, two officers prepare to take Sidney and Hallie to safety, but the killer ambushes them and kill the two officers. In the ensuing struggle, Ghostface is knocked unconscious. Sidney insists on seeing Ghostface's true identity under the mask, while Hallie insists they escape. Before they can see his face, Ghostface wakes up and kill Hallie. Sidney flees. Dewey and Gale review the tape of Ghostface killing Randy, hoping to find some clues, but the killer attacks them and seemingly kill Dewey. Gale hides and eventually escapes. Sidney finds Derek bound to a stage prop and is confronted by Ghostface. He reveals himself as Mickey and kills Derek. Mickey details his plan to be caught and become famous in the ensuing trial. He announces his accomplice, Debbie Salt, who arrives holding Gale at gun point. Sidney recognizes that Salt is actually Mrs. Loomis, the mother of Billy Loomis seeking revenge for her son's death. Mrs. Loomis betrays Mickey and shoots him. Mickey shoots Gale before he collapses. Sidney and Mrs. Loomis fight until Cotton intervenes and shoots Mrs. Loomis. As they wait to see if Mrs. Loomis is truly dead, they find Gale still alive. Mickey suddenly leaps to his feet and is shot to death by Sidney and Gale. Sidney then turns and shoots Mrs Loomis in the head, 'just in case'. When the police arrive, Gale finds Dewey to be injured but alive and accompanies him to the hospital. Sidney instructs the press to direct questions to Cotton, rewarding him with the fame he has been chasing while removing the attention from herself."] ['The film is set in 1958 and follows the story of two adolescent girls, Meg  and Susan  who, upon losing their parents in an accident, are sent to live with their Aunt Ruth Chandler , a sadistic psychopath, and their three cousins, Willie , Ralphie  and Donny . David, a young boy living in 1950\'s Indiana, is neighbor to the Chandlers. When Meg arrives, he is instantly infatuated, attracted by her innocence. Aunt Ruth allows the children of the neighborhood to travel freely in and out of her house, offering them beer and cigarettes. Meg quickly becomes a target to Ruth, who belittles her, making suggestions that she is a whore, and starves her. One day David arrives at the house to find Meg\'s cousins tickling her. She knocks Ralphie to the floor, wanting him to back off, and runs from the room. Ruth punishes Susan for Meg\'s actions, as Meg\'s cousins hold her back. Ruth then takes the ring that Meg wears around her neck, which belonged to her mother. A few days later, Meg stops a policeman and tells him what happened. As punishment, Ruth, her children and their friends tie Meg in the cellar with her hands over her head. They play a bizarre game of "confession," and when Meg has nothing to confess, she is stripped naked. They gag her and leave her there. That night, the boys sneak back downstairs, giving her water. They agree to loosen her bindings, but only if she lets them touch her. She refuses, but David loosens them anyway. A while later, Meg is untied but refuses to eat, claiming that her mouth is too dry from dehydration to swallow it without choking. Ruth again punishes Susan for Meg\'s disobedience. The kids of the town treat her like a play thing, beating, cutting and burning her. David tries to tell his parents, but can\'t. Police Officer Jennings  eventually arrives at the house, having had their suspicions raised after a local boy talked to them. However, they leave finding nothing. David decides that it is time for Meg to escape, and unties her, promising her he will leave her money in the forest for her to run away with. The next day, David descends into the cellar to find Meg tied to the bed, being raped by Willie. David tries to leave but Donny stops him. Donny steps forward, wanting to rape Meg as well, but Ruth does not want him to, considering it to be incest to have sex with her so soon after his brother. Ruth instead offers Eddie or David to take a turn with her. When David declines, Ruth heats a needle and carves a message on Meg\'s stomach, telling her that now she will never be able to be with a man. Ruth then decides that they should make Meg \'perfect\' by giving her a clitorectomy, thus "destroying her desire for men forever." At this, David runs for the door, planning to escape and tell somebody. Several of the boys chase him, stopping him on the stairs. As one holds a knife to his neck, Ruth tells the boys to tie him up and says they\'ll "do something about him later" and one of the boys kicks him in the groin before turning their attention back to Meg. Bound on the floor, he can only watch helplessly as Meg is mutilated with a blowtorch. The next morning David awakes still on the cellar floor. He frees himself from his bindings, and finds Susan sitting with an unconscious Meg. Susan tells David that Meg did not escape the night that he untied her because she was caught trying to take Susan with her. Although David\'s plan was to come back for Susan after Meg escaped, Susan had told Meg that Ruth has been touching her on a regular basis to the extent of making her bleed, so Meg didn\'t want to leave her behind. Susan then tearfully insists that Meg should have just gone without her and saved herself while she could, but David tells Susan everything was going to be alright. David is afraid that Meg won\'t survive much longer without help, so he lights a fire in the cellar. As the smoke rises, Ruth enters the room and is beaten to death by David with Susan\'s crutch. Jennings arrives, taking Susan from the room and going for help. David retrieves Meg\'s mother\'s ring from Ruth, and gives it to her before she finally dies, her body finally succumbing to its wounds. As an adult, David reflects on how his past still haunts him to his present day, though as Meg taught him, "It\'s what you do last that really counts."'] ['Danny Sloan  is an art student who works in a record shop. He visits his friend Billy , who is in drug rehab in hospital. Billy suggests Danny goes to see the "psycho ward" before he leaves, to see Byron Volpe , a serial killer kept in a padded cell after being convicted of murdering his wife Madeline  by hypnotizing her into jumping from a building. Volpe is explained to have extraordinary powers of hypnotism, and is kept restrained and hooded to stop hospital staff from seeing his eyes. During the visit, Danny sees Laura Baxter  sleeping in the room next to Volpe. She suffers from a form of parasomnia in which she sleeps most of the time, and wakes occasionally for short periods of time. Danny falls in love with Laura, and continues to visit her at the hospital. When he finds out that she is due to move to a clinic run by Dr. Bhyle  where she will be used for medical experimentation, he resolves to rescue her. Disguised as a doctor from the Bhyle clinic, he kidnaps her and takes her to his apartment. The following morning Danny discovers that a neighbor has been murdered, and Laura attacks him with a knife while seemingly in a trance. When Detective Conroy, investigating the neighbor\'s death, comes to Danny\'s apartment, Laura kills him. Danny decides that Volpe must be controlling her, and decides that he must kill Volpe to stop him. He buys a handgun and visits the hospital, but Volpe overpowers him, escapes and takes Laura. Danny visits Volpe\'s derelict book shop, where Detective Garrett  finds him. After Volpe speaks to Garrett on the phone, he too falls under Volpe\'s control and takes Danny to Volpe. Volpe then sets Garrett to repeatedly playing Russian roulette. Volpe explains to Danny that rather than just kill him, he must make Laura forget about Danny so that she will love only Volpe. Volpe hypnotizes Danny into denouncing his love for Laura, but the sound of a gunshot made by Garrett shooting himself breaks the spell, and Danny and Laura fight and finally defeat Volpe. Garrett, who was only wounded by the gunshot, then shoots Danny in the side of the head, rendering him comatose. The film ends with Danny and Laura being cared for together by Dr. Corso  back at the hospital. Casting Director Gabrielle Evans'] ['Michael Richards is a rapist and murderer, but in his mind he’s a victim out to get retribution against the women who have wronged him. The film uses the sequence approach and follows each of the five female leads as opposed to a time-line. The film shifts back and forth to follow the point of view of each of the women as they are stalked and haunted by the blood hunger psychopath. Each sequence shows the women engage in graphic drug use and sex, that both come off very real to the naked eye, and reveals a little bit more of the story before each woman is ultimately “judged” by Michael.Plot Synopsis by Jason Buchanan AllRovi.comAmazon.com movie page'] ["Susan Stevenson  is trying to find her missing anthropologist husband Henry in the jungles of New Guinea. She and her brother Arthur enlist the services of Professor Edward Foster , who thinks her husband might have headed for the mountain Ra Ra Me, which is located just off the coast on the island of Roka. The locals believe that the mountain is cursed, and the authorities won't allow expeditions there. So they surreptitiously head on into the jungle to see if that's where he went. They eventually make it to the island, and after a few run-ins against some unfriendly anacondas, alligators and tarantulas, they meet another jungle explorer named Manolo  who's been staying at a nearby mission camp, and agrees to join them in their expedition. Matters become complicated when it then turns out that each of them has their own private reasons for coming to the island, and finding Susan's husband wasn't part of any of them. Susan and Arthur have secretly been looking for uranium deposits, and then Foster reveals that he has only come there because he had been on the island a few years previously and was taken captive by a tribe of primitive cannibals; he has only returned to see if they still exist, and wipe them out. However, Foster later dies when climbing up a waterfall. Upon arriving at the mountain, Arthur is killed and Manolo and Susan are immediately captured by cannibals and taken to their camp. There they find the primitives worshipping the remains of Susan's husband as they can hear his Geiger counter ticking, and believe it to be his heart still working. Susan is subsequently spared, while the cannibals feast on human and reptile flesh. She is stripped naked, tied up, and smeared with an orange cream by two native girls for what is supposed to be a session of honey torture, but she is instead turned into a goddess. Manolo is tied up and tortured, while the others are turned into the dish-of-the-day. Manolo and Susan eventually escape after enduring the ordeal."] ["Fuad Ramses III  returns to Miami to reopen his grandfather's defunct catering company. This arouses the interest of the local sheriff , who holds Fuad's family reputation in ill favor. Fuad is soon, however, asked to cater the sheriff's wedding by his mother-in-law, Mrs. Lamply , and fiancee, Tiffani . After finding his grandfather's statue of Ishtar, an Egyptian goddess, in a utility closet, he becomes possessed by her evil spirit. He then goes on to create the 'blood feast' his grandfather failed to do, by killing young women in the area and making them into party food for the wedding."] ['In the small Florida town of Pakoe, the body of teenager Shannon Davis is discovered with its head sawed off. As more victims turn up, the police organize neighborhood patrols in an effort to prevent further deaths. Meanwhile, tree surgeon Charlie Puckett returns home after surviving a freak accident involving a chainsaw that has left him facially disfigured and somewhat brain damaged. Charlie hides his disfigured face with a potato sack complete with goggles. He soon becomes a prime suspect in the murders due to his unsteady mental state and arsenal of tree-trimming implements.'] ["Two twin teenage girls, Sam and Colleen, enter the mysterious Dark Ride. Sam, who is tough and competitive, gets annoyed at Colleen because she is anxious and scared. The killer kidnaps Sam and slices her stomach, then brutally kills Colleen. Ten years later, Cathy  and Liz  are getting ready for Spring Break. They decide to take a road trip along with three of their male friends, Bill , Steve , and Jim . The friends embark together in Jim's van, and meet Jen . After riding for some time, the van is in need of gasoline. While at the gas station, Bill wanders around trying to find the bathroom. When he joins the others, he claims to have found a pamphlet about the Dark Ride re-opening after many years of being closed. The group decides to make a detour to the amusement park and spend the night in the Dark Ride attraction. Once they arrive, Cathy decides to stay in the van while the others go into the Dark Ride attraction. Liz, Steve, Jim, and Jen find a door inside. Jim switches on the power, which illuminates the lights and launches the ride, as well as its scary theatrical effects. The 4 then sit and smoke Marijuana. Bill tells them about the two girls that were killed ten years earlier, and reveals that they were his cousins. After some initial skepticism, they eventually all believe him. Jen and Steve wander into the hallway to fool around. Jen sees something and notices Cathy's fake corpse sitting in a chair with her throat slashed. The prank was meant to be pulled on Steve, who is livid due to the trauma. Cathy argues with him and they both stop fighting when Bill breaks it up. Steve, angry about the prank, wanders off by himself. The others are moving along when the power goes out. Jim goes to the basement to fix it, since he had first turned it on. Jen wanders into the basement and starts flirting with Jim, kissing and fellating him. The killer slides through a hidden entrance on the floor and cuts through Jen's neck. Jim, unaware of what has happened, tries to kiss Jen and pulls her severed head off her body. He tries to run, but hits his head on a pipe and knocks himself out. The killer then takes Jen's head upstairs. While Jim and the now deceased Jen are in the basement, Liz, Cathy, and Bill start trying to find their way out of the ride. They stumble upon a body hanging from the ceiling, which Cathy realizes is Steve's. The killer has apparently used Steve's body as an attraction in the Dark Ride. Frightened, the girls go one way and Bill goes another. Cathy is in the vehicle and screams but no one hears. Once she finds Liz's corpse the police detective arrives and insists everything will be all right. Cathy sees the killer behind the detective and tries telling him to back away. Not knowing this the killer slashes the officer's head in half using a machete, revealing his blood, veins, and brain. Cathy screams and the killer looks at her with a brief smile on his face. Cathy runs up the stairs, finds an opening, jumps out to safety, and gets into the van. Using her cellphone, Cathy tries calling her friends but can't get service. Meanwhile, the killer attempts to murder Jim with his hook scraping through the concrete. Cathy accelerates the van into the building, impaling the killer on a wall of spikes. This causes Cathy to pass out, and Jim goes to check on her. Bill appears and tells Jim that the killer is actually his brother and that he has been committing the murders for him, and stabs Jim. Bill thanks Cathy, who runs out of the Dark Ride and falls to her knees as she hears sirens approaching. The film ends showing what appears to be Bill wearing the killer's mask."] ['Jim Halsey , a young man delivering a car from Chicago to San Diego, spots a man hitchhiking and gives him a ride. The man, John Ryder , is brooding and soft-spoken; when Jim passes a stranded car, however, Ryder\'s personality suddenly shifts. Ryder calmly states that the reason the car is stranded is because he murdered and mutilated the driver, and he intends to do the same to Jim. Terrified, Jim asks what Ryder wants. He replies, "I want you to stop me." Ryder produces a switchblade knife and taunts Jim for several moments before Jim realizes Ryder had never put on his seat belt and that the car door was left ajar, so he knocks him out of the car\'s passenger door. Relieved, Jim continues on his journey but sees Ryder in the back of a family car with a couple\'s girls. He tries to warn them but loses control of his car and spins off the road. He continues driving and after a while comes across the family\'s car, with blood oozing out the doors. He carries onwards and pulls into an abandoned gas station to use a phone. While there, Ryder corners him in the garage, but simply throws back the keys he took from Jim\'s car and leaves. Jim chases after him, rushing outside into a rising sandstorm, but Ryder has already hitched a ride with a man in a truck and leaves. Jim continues driving and eventually sees another gas station. While filling up his car, Ryder attempts to run him over, crashing into the pumps, causing gas to flood onto the concrete. As Jim attempts to flee Ryder drops a match, igniting the spilled gas. The ensuing explosion destroys the gas station. Jim\'s car bursts from the flames and speeds away. Jim eventually stops at a roadside diner, where he meets a pretty young waitress named Nash  and calls the police. She then serves him a cheeseburger and French fries; he starts to relax. Upon discovering a severed finger among the fries, Jim realizes Ryder is present and attempts to flee. Two police officers arrive and, quickly finding Ryder\'s bloody switchblade in Jim\'s pocket, arrest him. Jim wakes up in his cell and soon finds the door is unlocked. When he leaves he discovers all the officers at the station have had their throats slit. He steals a gun and flees. While attempting to use a payphone at another gas station, he sees a police car driving up. Holding the two officers in the car hostage, he orders them to get in and drive while he rides in the back. As they are driving, Jim speaks via radio to the officer in charge of Jim\'s case, Captain Esteridge . He and the two officers in the car convince Jim to trust them and surrender, but Ryder pulls up alongside the police car and kills the two officers. The car crashes by the side of the road and Ryder disappears once again. Jim contemplates suicide but resolves to keep going. At a cafe, Jim is sitting in the booth and suddenly Ryder appears in front of him. He holds Ryder at gunpoint who tells him the gun is unloaded. He leaves bullet in a serviette for Jim and departs. On seeing a stopped bus at the cafe, Jim sneaks on and hides in the bathroom. When Nash gets on and knocks on the door, he grabs her and tries to explain his situation. They sit down at the back of the bus and Jim tells his story. A police car then pulls the bus over. Knowing the police know he is on board, Jim gives himself up. The two officers are furious, believing Jim just killed two of their colleagues. One officer tells Jim to wipe his wrist. Knowing that once he does he will be shot in what will look like an act of self-defense, Jim refuses. This infuriates the officer further and he threatens to shoot Jim anyway. Suddenly Nash appears and holds the two officers hostage. Once they drop their weapons Nash and Jim flee. Ryder has been watching the entire event nearby. The two flee and and are chased by two police cars; as they come level, Jim slams on the brakes and one police car shoots the tyres of the other, resulting in a carnage. Nash and Jim flee again only to be chased by a helicopter and new patrol cars. Ryder helps them by shooting down a police helicopter, which crashes and wrecks several police cruisers that had been coming after them. In a motel, Nash is kidnapped by Ryder while Jim is in the bathroom. When Jim begins looking for Nash he is grabbed by Esteridge and another officer who, instead of arresting him, say they "Have a situation". Jim sees a large trailer and a truck with Nash tied up in-between. Esteridge informs Jim that Ryder asked for him specifically and that his men cannot shoot him as his foot will slip off the clutch, which would kill Nash. Once Jim gets in the truck, Ryder gives him a gun and tells him to shoot, but Jim is unable to do so. Ryder, disappointed, presses down the accelerator and rips Nash in half. Ryder is arrested, but the police are unsure of what to do with him, as they cannot find any information on him at all. As Ryder is being transferred to another facility, Jim cannot contain the urge to kill Ryder in revenge for the death of Nash, so he steals Esteridge\'s weapon and car, forces the police captain out of the vehicle, and goes after Ryder. As he is driving behind the police bus, the door swings open to reveal Ryder has killed all officers inside. He jumps onto the hood of Jim\'s car, but Jim hits the brakes and throws him off. Ryder stands up and begins firing at Jim\'s vehicle, until Jim runs him over and seizes his weapon. Ryder slowly gets up once again behind him and smiles. Jim finally shoots and kills him. The film ends with Jim in a similar silhouette to Ryder, cast against a blood red sky as he lights a cigarette.'] ['Special Agent Jennifer Marsh  is a widowed single parent living in a suburban Portland home with her daughter, Annie Haskins . At night, she works in the FBI\'s cybercrime division with Griffin Dowd , fighting identity theft and similar crimes. One night, an anonymous tip leads them to a website called KillWithMe.com. The site features a streaming video of a kitten being tortured and killed. The website cannot be shut down, as the creator knew that someone would try and built into it a fail-safe; every time the server is closed, a mirror server immediately replaces it. After the kitten\'s death, KillWithMe.com\'s webmaster graduates to human victims and makes their deaths correlate directly with the number of hits the site receives. At a press conference, the public is urged to avoid the website, but as Jennifer feared this only increases the site\'s popularity. The videos are recorded in the killer\'s basement and his various victims include a helicopter pilot , a newscaster , and Griffin Dowd . At first it seems the victims were randomly chosen, but this is revealed to be untrue: the first two victims were chosen because they were part of filming or presenting the suicide of a junior college teacher. The teacher\'s unstable techno prodigy son, Owen Reilly ([[Joseph Cross , broke down and was admitted to a psychiatric hospital. When released, he decided to prove a point; that the public\'s interest in the suffering of others is insatiable, as well as wreak vengeance on those he felt had exploited his father\'s death. Griffin was killed because he came close to discovering the murderer\'s identity, and Jennifer is soon targeted after figuring this out as well. Captured by Owen, Jennifer escapes her death by cultivator by swinging out of the way while dangling from the ceiling. She breaks free and pins down the murderer, fatally shooting Owen on his own website as the police arrive. As the film ends, Jennifer displays her FBI badge and the scene closes with a shot of the dwindling chatter in the website\'s chat room, showing statements being made such as "a genius died today" as well as "glad the killer is dead", and a final comment asking whether the video could be downloaded.'] ["The lead singer of boy band 'Take 10' vanishes. The band conducts an American Idol type contest to find a replacement."] ["John Radley's childhood was not a particular nice one; dad gone, mom abusive, bullied by neighborhood kids and his pets had a tendency to die on him. Only his first crush Gretchen ever treated him with kindness. But this all ended when he was goaded into performing a balancing act, whereupon a malicious prank backfired and Johnny ended up plunging down a dried up well to greet a rock floor. Since then he has been in Oakhurst State mental hospital for over a decade. Left semi-comatose, with only his now distorted memories and nightmarish flashbacks for comfort. One night the continual flood of harsh images is too much for his psyche, and he comes to finding himself badly disfigured and severely brain damaged , who will ever care for  Johnny now? No one, he  knows, which is why he suffers a complete psychotic break, and after venting his fury on a nurse, turns his rage towards those who left him this way. Bursting out of his temporary accommodation he storms off into the night, dead set on disposing of his old childhood tormentors, whose body parts he intends to offer up to the only person in his life who ever gave a damn about him - a certain girl called Gretchen!"] ["In Paris 1877, rats save an abandoned baby in a basket and raise him in the underground of the Opéra de Paris. This child becomes The Phantom of the Opera, a misanthrope who kills anyone who ventures into his underground chambers, just as rats are killed whenever they venture above ground. The Phantom , who is not disfigured and hence does not wear a mask, falls in love with Christine Daaé , an opera singer just beginning her career. He speaks to her using telepathy, and the two begin a romantic relationship. Unlike in other versions, however, he does not teach her to sing. Meanwhile, the aristocratic Baron Raoul De Chagny  has fallen in love with Christine, though at first Christine offers him only a platonic relationship. Later, she ruminates that she may be in love with both men. After sex, the Phantom forces Christine to stay in his subterranean chambers as he goes to secure the role of Juliet for her by bringing down the chandelier. Christine grows angry with him and his controlling ways. She tells him she hates him, and when he returns, she refuses the role he has secured for her. He becomes angry and forcibly has intercourse with her. Afterward, while he is playing with his rats, she escapes. She flees into the arms of Raoul, and they ascend to the roof, where the Phantom hears them confessing their love for each other. The next night, as Christine sings, the Phantom swoops down and steals her away into his chambers. Raoul et al. give chase, and Raoul shoots the Phantom. Mortally wounded, the Phantom's main concern becomes Christine's safety, as he fears that the police will kill her now that they know she's his mistress. The Phantom shows Christine and Raoul a waterway out of the underground tunnels, and then fights off the police as Raoul rows a hysterical Christine to safety."] ['Set sometime in the mid to late nineteenth century in New England, the film tells of unscrupulous undertaker Waldo Trumbull , who murders people in their own homes in order to keep himself in business and to have enough money for drink. One night, after the widow of his last victim absconds to Europe without paying his fee, Trumbull and his reluctant assistant Felix Gillie  decide to murder their money-grubbing landlord, Mr. Black , who is said to have bouts of death-like sleep, something that Trumbull and Gillie are unaware of. Black seemingly dies of a heart attack after discovering Gillie , but revives in the funeral parlor\'s cellar. After a prolonged chase and struggle to keep Black inside a coffin, Trumbull knocks Black out with a mallet to the head and places the supposedly deceased Black in his family crypt, returning home to celebrate his new-found wealth. However, Black awakes again, escapes from the coffin and crypt and returns to the funeral parlour, quoting random lines from Shakespeare\'s Macbeth . Humorous events follow as Black chases Trumbull and Gillie around the house with an ax before  being shot and  killed by Trumbull after a lengthy monologue. Gillie elopes with Trumbull\'s neglected wife, and Trumbull is left a depressed heap on the floor. Hinchley , Trumbull\'s father-in-law, appears and gives Trumbull some "medicine" . The "medicine" works as intended and Trumbull drops dead as Hinchley makes his way back to bed, oblivious to the fact he has just committed murder. At the end of the film, Black exhibits an allergic reaction to Cleopatra the cat, indicating that he is still alive.'] [' Sampson  and his son Ainsley  are fishing in a swamp. While Ainsley is urinating, Sampson falls silent; Ainsley goes to see where he is and finds Sampson\'s corpse. He quickly grabs his harpoon, only to be murdered by an unknown monstrous being. During a Mardi Gras celebration in New Orleans, there is a group of friends including Ben  and his best friend Marcus . Ben decides to go on a haunted swamp tour, and Marcus agrees to join him. The two find the tour closed because the guide, Rev. Zombie , was sued for negligence. Rev. Zombie suggests that they try a place farther down the street, owned by the over-the-top, inexperienced tour guide Shawn . Marcus decides to leave but changes his mind upon seeing two topless girls: Misty , a ditzy porn star, and Jenna , a bossy, boastful, up-and-coming actress. Their sleazy director, Doug Shapiro , is also present. Ben pays for himself and Marcus and Shawn leads them to his tour bus, where the other tourists, Jim  and Shannon Permatteo , a Minnesota couple, and the quiet, hot-tempered Marybeth  are waiting. Shawn does not know what he is doing, which the others realize as they arrive at the swamp. Shapiro has Misty and Jenna strip down and film a scene for Bayou Beavers as everyone boards the boat, while a homeless swamp-dweller warns them away from the swamp. Shawn leads them through swamplands and past abandoned houses, including one where Victor Crowley , a deformed creature, lived. Shawn mentions "one night Victor\'s dad  goes crazy and whacks him in the face with a hatchet" while looking at "ghost lights"; however, Shannon sees someone in the trees, and Shawn accidentally crashes into a rock, sinking the boat. To reach land, they must walk across a broken tree. Jim is bitten on the leg by an alligator, making him, Misty and Shapiro fall into the water. They reach shore and run to safety, while Jim bleeds profusely. They realize that Shawn is not a tour guide; he is just a college student looking for money. Marybeth takes out a gun she brought and informs them that her father and brother, Sampson and Ainsley, disappeared while fishing nearby, presumably at Crowley\'s hands. She then tells them the real story of Victor Crowley. "Long ago, presumably the 1940s-60s, Crowley was a deformed boy who was kept hidden from the world by his father. One Halloween, a group of kids decided to scare Victor by throwing fireworks into his house, but it was engulfed in flames. Victor\'s father tried hacking down the door with a hatchet, but because Victor was pressed up against the other side of the door, he hit him in the face with the hatchet, killing him. Victor\'s father died of a broken heart ten years later." Marybeth believes Victor roams the swamp as a vengeful spirit. Victor mostly kills people near his house, which they are standing in front of. Shannon becomes infuriated with how scared everyone is and decides to help her husband into the house herself, in which they are both killed by Victor. Marybeth shoots Victor but this only makes him fall. While fleeing, Shapiro is separated from the group and killed. After finding Shapiro\'s corpse, Shawn, Jenna, Misty and Marcus stand guard as Ben and Marybeth get weapons only to come across Sampson\'s and Ainsley\'s bodies. The four are startled by noises in the bushes that turn out to be a small animal. Jenna is attacked and injured by Victor with a Belt Sander just as Marybeth and Ben arrive with weapons. Ben hits Victor with a shovel making him fall and get stabbed with a pitchfork. Shawn tries to get the shovel but Victor grabs it first and decapitates him with it. He then kills Jenna by impaling her with the same shovel that decpitated Shawn while the others run. The survivors decide to lure Victor back to his house and set him on fire with the gasoline tanks in the shed. Ben goes into the shed to retrieve a gasoline tank while Misty stands guard and Marybeth and Marcus act as bait. Marybeth and Marcus discover that Misty is missing, and her corpse is thrown onto Ben by Victor, first her decapitated head and then her torso. Ben finds a tank and throws it on Victor while Marybeth and Marcus set him on fire, is extinguished thanks to rain. The three begin running through a cemetery and find the gate locked; Ben is tackled by Victor, who drools on his face before he is dragged to safety. They start running away, but Marcus is grabbed by Victor and killed. Victor grabs a gate pole and chases Ben and Marybeth, throwing it into Ben\'s foot. Marybeth bends the pole until it is pointed at Victor, who impales himself upon it. Ben and Marybeth board Sampson\'s boat and flee; Marybeth is snared by seaweed and pulled underwater. She sees Ben\'s arm sticking into the water for her to grab, but is pulled up by Victor, who is holding a dying Ben\'s severed forearm. The film ends with Victor holding her as she screams.'] ['The film takes place in an unidentified city  in the modern day, and follows the characters of Rufus King ([[Thomas Downey  and Jacob Van Helsing , both of whom have been observing recent attacks made upon young teenagers in the city at night. Van Helsing correctly identifies that the attacks are being made by a group of vampires residing in the city. The vampires are led by a foreign seductress named Countess Bathorly , who hopes to use the humans to feed her growing vampire clan and to eventually seize control of the city, while at the same time using her growing power to gain the powers of "the Master". Discovering Bathorly\'s plan, Van Helsing and King begin to hunt down and destroy the vampires one by one, until they finally face the Countess herself and try to kill her once and for all, before her evil consumes the city and allows Dracula\'s curse to consume the human race.'] ['American Elliot Wade  becomes the new owner of the "Dolly Dearest" factory in Mexico. Somewhere else an archaeologist ends up dead by trying to break into the nearby tomb of Sanzia, an ancient Mayan Cult, and the evil spirit trapped inside for hundreds of years is released, finding refuge inside some dolls in the factory. Elliot\'s 7-year-old daughter Jessica  discovers one of the possessed dolls on a shelf, while his son Jimmy  finds what looks like an entrance to a cave protected by a wire fence. Dolly begins to exert a demonic influence on Jessica. Elliot\'s wife Marilyn  finds a disturbing drawing Jessica drew, and begins to experience unusual activities and changes within her daughter. Camilla , the housekeeper, sends a priest to bless the house, during which Jessica throws a tantrum while in the car with Marilyn and Jimmy. Eventually, Dolly reveals herself to Marilyn and her family and uses Jessica to attack her mother. Jimmy shoots the doll and the family head to the factory where Elliot is. Elliot and Resnick blow up the factory killing all of the other dolls which are also possessed. However, as the movie ends, the camera zooms in on the burning building, possibly implying that one of the Dolly dolls is still alive.'] ['Haunted by his own bloody horror film visions and with news of real life murders happening in Rome, splatter film director Lucio Fulci  seeks the advice of a psychiatrist.'] ["Samantha Sherwood, a beautiful aspiring actress has herself committed to a mental institution to do some background research for the role of a woman with unstable sanity in a film called 'Audra' in which her well known director, Jonathon Stryker, leaves her at the mental institution. Once finding out Stryker is letting a new group of girls audition for the role of Audra, she escapes the asylum for revenge. One of the girls who was going to audition, Amanda Teuther, is stabbed to death before she even gets the chance to go to Stryker's mansion for the audition. The next day we are introduced to the five other women auditioning for the part of Audra. The girls consist of Patti, Brooke, Laurian, Tara, and Christie. The remaining five girls left to audition meet Stryker at his mansion along with Samantha who appears at the house without welcome. After a night of the girls getting to know each other Christie is brutally murdered while figure skating by someone in a grotesque hag mask outside of Stryker's house the next morning. Later that day, while the girls are all auditioning, Brooke discovers Christie's decapitated head in a toilet bowl. She tells Stryker what she saw but when they go back to the bathroom where she found Christie's head they find nothing in the toilet. Abusing Brooke's vulnerability, Stryker gets her to reluctantly sleep with him. Meanwhile, Tara and Patti start to wonder what may have caused Brooke to say that Christie was dead which causes Tara to suspect foul play while Laurian is killed while dancing. After having sex Brooke and Stryker are both shot to death, to which Tara discovers the bodies. After trying to escape the isolated location Tara is chased by the hag in a backstage prop shed. After escaping the killer nearly three times, she is killed after being dragged into a ventilation system by the hag. A little later Samantha and Patti have a bottle of champagne and discuss Audra being insane in the kitchen. Samantha tells Patti about how Stryker left her in the aslyum and eventually admits to shooting Stryker and Brooke. After telling Patti this information Patti admits to killing the other girls and stabs Samantha to death. The epilogue consists of Patti performing Audra to other patients in a mental institution."] ["Opening from his point of view, a murderer looks around the city of Amsterdam at night through the canals the city is famous for. He sneaks into a Chinese restaurant's backdoor and steals a butcher knife while the cooks weren't looking. The killer finds his first victim in a local prostitute, who after refusing advances from a cab driver, gets thrown out of the cab. A baglady watches from a distance as the killer plunges the knife into the hooker and drags her back into the water. The next morning, a tour boat on the canal collides with the body of the prostitute, who has been hung on one of the small bridges. As the tourists scream, the body drags on the top of the boat until an opening shows her bloodied body and face. Assigned to the case is detective Eric Visser, a hard-boiled detective who is raising his 13-year old daughter Anneke after a split from his ex. He spends an hour in a bath, comes home late from work, and tends to drink now and again. Nevertheless, Eric is praised as one of the best detectives on the force. His partner, Vermeer, meets Eric at the site where the body was found with fellow cop Potter attempting to get through to the baglady, who tells Eric that it was a monster who killed the prostitute and that it came out of the water. That night, two environmentalists are taking water samples in an ongoing investigation against a nearby chemical plant. However, when the killer emerges, one of the men is taken underwater and when his partner attempts to grab the anchor, he is horrified to find the man's head on the anchor. Scared, the surviving environmentalist swims to the nearby shore and calls for help when he sees a truck pass by. As the truck driver comes out from a distance, the killer grabs the environmentalist and drags him back into the water. When Eric and Vermeer see the bodies of the environmentalists, he is convinced that there is a serial killer. Eric runs into John, an old friend from the police academy. John works for the river police and we learn that Eric's ex-girlfriend used to date John before Eric stole her from him. When John asks about what happened, John and Eric renew their friendship and are now partners on the case to find the killer. During a search at a local sporting club, Eric meets Laura, a museum guide as well as Martin Ruysdael, a former diver turned psychiatrist and Laura's doctor/friend. Eric begins to have eyes for Laura and she begins to like him too. Meanwhile, that night, a salvationist and a young woman on a gumboat the next day are the next victims of the killer. As Eric begins to get frustrated with nothing turning up, he and John eventually think they find a suspect in a former chemical plant employee known for his violent outbursts. When the suspect is caught, Eric begins to have doubts. When he sees Laura that night, a skipper at the nearby dock is the killer's next victim with the boat sinking. John decides to go underwater and investigate the next day. At first, he finds the skipper's body but as he approaches out of the skipper's sunken boat, the killer emerges and a tussle leaves John slashed and killed. Eric arrives to hear the bad news about John. When the killer is locate at a marina, a speedboat chase ensues between Eric and the killer. Eric eventually tracks the killer to a local sewer only to be shot at close range in the shoulder with a harpoon gun. When the killer attempts a coup de grâce, Eric shoots the mask before waking up in the hospital. When Laura goes to her appointment and finds Martin isn't home, she stays but hears a noise in Martin's underwater basement. She finds the broken mask and thinks Martin is the killer. An attempt to call Eric fails when he is still unconscious. When he awakens, the nurse tells him of Laura and both he and Vermeer head to Martin's house. Martin arrives and waits for Laura only to hear a sound in his basement. Laura confronts him and hits him repeatedly with an oar. However, the killer comes out of the water and grabs Laura. Eric arrives in time and shoots the killer. Martin finally confesses that the killer is a childhood friend of his and fellow diver who was shunned by society after a job at a chemical company caused him to be disfigured by uranium hexafluoride poisoning. The killer arrives to his home, where he reveals himself and decides to take his own life before the police arrive."] ['Investigative reporter Amy Klein  is sent to Bucharest to investigate the origins of a video tape apparently depicting the ritualistic murder—and subsequent resurrection—of a member of a cult calling themselves "The Deaders". In Bucharest, Amy tracks down the return address of the VHS and discovers the corpse of a girl holding a puzzle box, the Lament Configuration. Solving the box causes Pinhead  to appear and warns Amy that she is in danger. Amy pursues leads, ultimately tracking down Winter LeMarchand,  the leader of the cult. Winter is the descendant of the toymaker who designed the puzzle box, which can open a portal to a realm populated by the Cenobites, hedonistic entities that experiment in forms of extreme sadomasochism. Winter believes that as the heir to the LeMarchand name, it is his birthright to access the realm of the Cenobites and become their master. However, Winter has been unnable to open the box himself. Believing that it takes an individual whose life circumstances have brought them to a nihilistic point beyond life-or-death, Winter founded the Deaders, attracting emotionally vulnerable individuals, murdering them, and resurrecting them with necromancy in the hopes of creating someone who can open the box. Winter kills and resurrects Amy, resulting in her experiencing an extended waking dream during which she relives sexual abuse from her childhood. Coming back to reality in the Deaders\' compound, Amy successfully opens the box and summons the Cenobites. Their leader, Pinhead, expresses disdain for Winter and his family and denies that any mortal could ever control the Cenobites. Pinhead and the Cenobites then slaughter all of the Deaders before indicating to Amy that she is now indebted to them by opening the box. Rather than be taken back to the Cenobite realm, Amy kills herself.'] ['A montage of documentary footage depicts the effect of war on children. This mondo imagery cuts to the story of an English couple, Tom and Evelyn, who are taking one last vacation as a free-spirited couple before Evelyn gives birth. They arrive on an island where they encounter grim-faced, silent children who seem to be the island\'s entire population. Throughout their stay, they witness the children behaving strangely. They later learn the children are capable of violence and have murdered just about every adult on the island; they are now forced to consider killing the children in self-defense. It is implied that the long list of atrocities and horrors brought upon children by the fighting and apathy of adults has caused the children of the island to take matters into their own hands. Also, it is shown that normal children are changed like the rest on the island merely by making eye contact with them. Tom reluctantly shoots one boy with a gun when they are cornered into a room. Trapped in the room, Evelyn is killed when her unborn child joins the children of the island, and attacks her from inside. By the next morning, a weary Tom is completely alone. Tom eventually shoots an MP-40 at a group of children as he tries to escape the island, but the children follow him to the dock and attack en masse as he tries to cut a boat loose. As he tries to fight off the children, a Spanish military/police patrol boat arrives. The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood, and one officer draws his weapon on him, ordering him to stay still. When he doesn\'t, the officer shoots him dead. The patrol boat docks, and the officers begin tending to the injured children, with the officer who shot Tom wondering aloud, "what kind of man...?" When asked where their parents are, the children point towards the town, and the three officers begin to leave, leaving their boat and their weapons unsecured. One officer is stopped by a child calling out "Goodbye!" He turns to see the children have boarded the patrol boat and are unloading its small-arms inventory. One of the boys kills the three officers with a rifle. The movie ends with a small group of children preparing to head to mainland Spain on a motorboat, taking care to go with low numbers to avoid suspicion. When one girl asks, "Do you think the other children will start playing the way we do?" the boy in charge grins and says, "Oh, yes...there are lots of children in the world. Lots of them."'] ['A group of young actors rehearsing a new play in a derelict theatre at the end of a seaside pier begin being murdered one by one.'] ['Informant Michael  awakens to find two halves of a spike-filled mask locked around his neck. A videotape states that he has one minute to extract the key from behind his right eye with a scalpel, but he fails and is killed when the mask closes around his head. Detective Eric Matthews  is called to the scene by Detective Kerry  after a message for him is found, and she uses the mask to lead him and a SWAT team to an abandoned steel factory. They find John Kramer , the cancer-weakened Jigsaw Killer, as well as computer monitors showing eight people, including Daniel , Eric\'s son, and Amanda , the only known survivor of John\'s games. They are trapped inside a house and have two hours before a nerve agent filling the house kills them, but John assures Eric that he will find his son in a "safe, secure state" if he talks alone with John, and Eric reluctantly agrees in order to buy time for the tech team to track the signal. The eight victims - Daniel, Amanda, Gus , Obi , Jonas , Xavier , Laura , and Addison  - are told by tape recorder that antidotes have been placed around the house to save them from the gas, and that one of them is in the safe with them, the combination to which is "at the back of their minds" and can be determined by "following the rainbow". Xavier and Gus inspect the door, and Gus is killed when a gun fires through the peephole. They reach the basement, where a tape left for Obi reveals that he helped with the kidnappings, proved when Laura realizes he kidnapped her. He tries to retrieve two of the antidotes from the furnace, but he accidentally turns it on and is unable to escape before he is burned alive. After Daniel learns from Amanda that she was previously tested, Jonas leads them to an upstairs room that Xavier manages to break into, which houses another antidote behind a steel door, and a pit filled with syringes which contains the key. The test is meant for Xavier, but he instead throws Amanda into the pit; though she finds the key, Xavier fails to unlock the door in time and abandons the group out of frustration. In the factory, John infuriates Eric with idle conversation and cryptic words, eventually revealing his backstory: after learning of his cancer, John tried to commit suicide by driving off a cliff, but survived the crash despite his injuries and decided to spend the rest of his life testing others. The tech team arrives, and John reveals through provided files that the other seven victims are criminals who Eric himself had framed for various crimes, and that Daniel will be in danger if they discover his identity. At Kerry\'s suggestion, Eric destroys many of John\'s documents, though he doesn\'t appear to care. Xavier returns to the first room, where he discovers a colored number on Gus\'s neck and realizes that everyone in the house has a piece of the safe\'s combination. Now desperate to get the antidote, he kills Jonas in a fight and begins hunting the others. Laura succumbs to the nerve agent, and Amanda and Addison abandon Daniel after learning his identity, but Amanda returns immediately after finding Jonas\'s body. Addison finds a room with an antidote in a glass box, but her arms become trapped in the razor blade-lined sockets, and Xavier leaves her to die after reading her number. Amanda and Daniel return to the first room and find a tunnel that eventually leads them to the bathroom from the first film, which houses Lawrence Gordon\'s severed foot and the corpses of Adam and Zep. Daniel collapses moments before Xavier finds them. Amanda points out that Xavier cannot read his own number, and he cuts the skin from his neck to read it. He then moves to kill them but is killed first when Daniel, who feigned collapse, slashes his neck with Lawrence\'s hacksaw. Having seen Xavier chasing Daniel, Eric assaults John and forces him to lead the way to the house at gunpoint. The area they were sitting in is revealed to be a lift, which they use to leave the factory. The SWAT team simultaneously infiltrate a similar house using the video feed\'s signal, finding only VCRs playing previously-recorded images, revealing that the gas house tests took place before they found John. The factory\'s timer expires and opens a large safe which contains Daniel bound and wearing an oxygen mask, which matches John\'s cryptic clue. Unaware of any of this, Eric leaves John outside and locates the bathroom, where he is attacked by a pig-masked figure. He awakens to find himself shackled at the ankle to the pipes, and a tape recorder left by Amanda reveals that she is John\'s protégé. She appears in the doorway and seals the door to the bathroom, leaving Eric to die. Outside, John hears his screams and slowly forms a smile.'] ['Alison  is a cheerleader at Lindo Valley who is grappling with feelings of inadequacy. Alison, along with her flirtatious boyfriend  and fellow cheerleaders, attend Camp Hurrah, a cheerleading camp, with hopes of winning the All State finals. Alison is haunted by nightmares of murders that soon manifest themselves into reality. After discovering several people murdered at the camp, Alison soon begins to think that she is the killer.[[New York Times] Review Summary]'] ['Daniel O\'Grady returns home from a trip to Ireland to tell his wife that he had captured a Leprechaun and that by doing so, acquired his pot of gold. Unknowing to him, the evil Leprechaun had stowed away in one of his suitcases, killing his wife by pushing her down the basement stairs. After burying the gold, Daniel discovers the leprechaun and tries to kill it by showing a four-leaf clover, the Leprechaun\'s weakness. He manages to trap him inside a crate and attempts to burn it and the house to the ground, but suffers a stroke, leaving the leprechaun inside, guarded by the magic of the four leaf clover. 10 years pass when J.D. Redding and his teenage daughter Tory rent the O\'Grady farmhouse for the summer when they meet Nathan Murphy, his little brother Alex, and their mentally challenged friend Ozzie "the Bozz" Jones, who are re-painting the farmhouse. Ozzie is looking around the basement when he hears the Leprechaun\'s cry for help, mistaking him for a little child. He brushes the old four-leaf clover off the crate, letting the Leprechaun break free. After trying to convince the others that he met a Leprechaun , Ozzie spots a rainbow and chases it, believing that there will be a pot of gold at the end. Alex accompanies him for fear Ozzie might hurt himself when they come across an old truck, with the bag of one hundred gold pieces magically appearing. After testing to see if it\'s real gold , they plot to keep it for themselves, hoping to fix Ozzie\'s brain. The Leprechaun lures J.D. into a trap by imitating a cat, biting and injuring his hand. Tory and the others rush him to the hospital, followed by the Leprechaun, who traveled there on a tricycle. Alex and Ozzie go to a pawn shop to see if the gold is pure while Nathan and Tory are out, waiting on J.D.\'s results. The Leprechaun attacks the pawn shop owner, killing him by crushing his chest with a pogo stick. After terrorizing and killing a policeman, the Leprechaun returns to the farmhouse, searching for his gold, while shining every shoe in the house. Everyone  returns home, finding the house ransacked. Nathan goes out to see what is outside when he is injured by a bear trap set up by the Leprechaun. After shooting the Leprechaun several times, they try to leave the farmhouse when the truck breaks down, due to the Leprechaun biting all the cords. After ramming the truck with his specially-made car, the Leprechaun terrorizes the gang until Ozzie reveals that he and Alex found the pot of gold. Tory recovers the bag from the old well, and gives it to the Leprechaun. Believing the worst to be over, they try to head out to the hospital. The Leprechaun is counting his gold when he discovers that he is missing one gold piece  and thinks that they have tricked him, leading him to terrorize them until Ozzie tells them about O\'Grady, who was taken to a nursing home after his stroke. Tory decides to head out to the home to find out how to kill the Leprechaun. Tory arrives at the nursing home, searching until she finds O\'Grady, who is actually the Leprechaun, who chases Tory to the elevator. Tory escapes, while the bloodied body of O\'Grady crashes through, managing to tell her that the only way to kill him is by a four-leaf clover, before dying. Tory returns home, and automatically starts searching for a clover until she is chased by the Leprechaun, who almost kills her until she is saved by Nathan and Ozzie. Alex tries to set a trap but is attacked by the Leprechaun, almost killing him but Ozzie tells him that he swallowed the last gold coin, and is critically wounded by the Leprechaun. Before the Leprechaun kills Ozzie, Alex takes the four-leaf clover from Tory, sticks it to a wad of gum and shoots it into the Leprechaun\'s mouth, taking away his power. The skeleton of the Leprechaun appears out of the well until Nathan hits him down and pours gas inside the well, blowing up the well and killing the Leprechaun. The police arrive where Tory is reunited with her father as the police investigate the remains of the well, where the Leprechaun vows he will not rest until he recovers every last piece of his gold.'] ["A prison ship on its way to a remote island prison runs aground on rocks and sinks. Mixed survivors of cons and prison guards struggle ashore, only to discover to their horror that another survivor has made it ashore before them. Murderous psychotic Leo Rook not only had a hand in the ship's sinking but has decapitated all but one of the island's lighthouse crew. Stranded, with no means of escape or way to call for help, the survivors must face a night of terror. They know Leo does not want anyone to learn he survived the shipwreck and is hell-bent on adding their severed heads to his collection."] ['Martha  and Jim Schmidt  live on an isolated farm named \'Our Blessing\', where most of its population are "Hittites", an austere religious community who according to one of the characters "make the Amish look like swingers". Jim was a Hittite, but left the community when he got married. Jim tells a neighbor, Louisa Stohler , who is the mother of Faith  that his wife, Martha is pregnant and that Louisa\'s services as a mid-wife will soon be needed by them. Louisa and Faith are not part of the Hittite community, either. In fact, they do not like them due in part to the constant harassment of Faith by William, who chases her and calls her, and all "outsides", Incubus. That night, Jim searches in the barn after hearing strange noises from inside, but is murdered when a mysterious figure runs him over with his tractor. This is seen as a mechanical accident. Friends Lana Marcus  and Vicky Anderson  visit Martha after Jim\'s funeral. When William Gluntz  goes to the house at night to search for his shoe he accidentally left earlier when sneaking around, he is stabbed through the back by an unseen figure.The following day, William\'s father and Jim\'s father and the leader of the Hittites, Isaiah Schmidt come to the farm looking for William after he does not return home after being sent by his father to retrieve a "lost" shoe. Martha tells the men she has no idea where William is and they start to leave, Isaiah goes back to the door and offers to buy back the farm from Martha but Martha refuses, after Isaiah insults her and calls her the incubus, she asks him if he would like his answer immediately, and "answers" by slamming the door in his face. Martha is now being accused of being the incubus. Lana enters the barn the next day to look for something in the for the tractor but all the doors and windows suddenly close, trapping her inside. In a panic, she searches for a way out but encounters a figure dressed in black. When escaping out the now open barn door, William\'s corpse swoops down at her, hanging from a rope. The police clean up the mess as the sheriff  advises the three friends to move out of town, as someone may be after them. However, Martha decides to stay where she is and buy a gun for protection. Multiple events follow, such as a snake being put into Martha\'s bathroom while she\'s taking a bath by an unseen figure who creeps in her house. She manages to get out of the bath and kill the snake with a fireplace poker. John Schmidt , Martha\'s brother-in-law is unwillingly engaged to Melissa  his cousin. However John feels attracted to Vicky. John is eventually expelled from home and the community when he retaliates against his father who begins hitting him. John meets Vicky outside the cinema and she lets John drive her car, giving him a sense of freedom. They stop at the side of a road and begin to engage in sex but they are attacked by an unseen figure who stabs John multiple times and sets fire to the car, which eventually blows up with Vicky still inside. Lana has a nightmare in which a pair of hands take hold of her head, forcing her to open her mouth as a spider falls in. When she wakes up she finds blood in a juice bottle as Martha finds a scarecrow tied in her room with a flower that was buried with Tom. When Martha hurries to Tom\'s grave she finds him dug up. Martha also discovers it was Louisa and Faith who committed the murders as they attack Melissa. Martha is chased back to her home where she engages in a quick battle with Faith. During the struggle, Faith\'s shirt is ripped open, revealing her to be a man who has been in love with Martha. Lana and Martha have to fight Louisa and Faith. When Martha shoots Faith she is confronted by Louisa with a shotgun. Fortunately, she too is shot by Lana. However, Faith has survived her gunshot and tries to kill Martha once more but she is killed when Melissa stabs her in the back. Isaiah turns up and tells them that the incubus is now dead. The day after, Lana leaves Martha to go back to LA. When Martha enters her home a ghost of Jim warns her about the incubus. The film ends immediately after the real incubus bursts through the ground and pulls Martha back with it.'] ['Ian Stone is an average man. He loves ice hockey but lives for his girlfriend, Jenny Walker. Late one night while driving home from a painful loss on the ice, Ian comes across a bewildering discovery; what looks like a dead body near the railroad tracks. Investigating the grisly discovery, Ian is attacked by the "corpse", forced onto the tracks and subsequently barreled over by an oncoming train. He wakes up in an office cubicle. He\'s still alive, but older and shacked up with a beautiful, but eerily mysterious woman by the name of Medea. Jenny is still there, but she\'s not his girlfriend, just a co-worker and one of a number of apparently familiar faces. Ian meets a strange old man who implies he is in danger. From this old man he learns that he is being hunted by the Harvesters; a group of mind-controlling vampire-like characters who cannot be killed and feed off human fear. He explains that everyday, at different times and different places, the clocks stop and they come after him to kill him. The only problem is that Ian won\'t stay dead. He wakes in a new life, a new place, only for the cycle to repeat itself. Suddenly one of the Harvesters attacks the old man and Ian runs. They chase Ian mercilessly, all the way back to his apartment where Medea, who is clearly one of them, is waiting. Once again, Ian is killed. He wakes to find he\'s a junkie in a rundown apartment, with Jenny living a few doors down. He implores her to remember him, desperately reaching out and searching for someone to help him make sense of what\'s going on. When the Harvesters come again Jenny and Ian have no choice but to run. As they seek refuge on a subway train heading out-of-town, Jenny confesses to her memories of Ian\'s former lives. Later on, the old man meets Ian in the train again while Jenny sleeps. It is then that the old man reveals that he is one of the Harvesters, and hints at Ian\'s involvement with them. When they disembark they are again confronted by a group of Harvesters, a seething mass of pulsating veins, pitch-black muscles and midnight flesh. We recognize some of the barely human faces from Ian\'s previous lives including Medea who reveals a shocking truth: That Ian was one of these monsters until he rebelled against the colony and managed to kill one other Harvester, and Medea used to be his "mate". Medea tries to force Ian to feed again with fear and pain and return back to the "fold", but Ian decides against this. Medea and the Harvesters attack once more, and she explains that his rebellion came after his first encounter with Jenny. So moved was he by the girl, that he wished to live a mortal life with her. Before Medea can harm Jenny, however, a final change comes over Ian with the help of Gray, the Harvester who had helped him before. Apparently Ian found a sustenance that was far superior to fear or pain, and so did the old man: Love. Making this connection to a human being changes the specific nature of a Harvester, which allowed the old man  to kill the members of their kind. Gray had beseeched Ian to protect Jenny out of experience; having lost his love to the Harvesters, he could only feed on fear once again and spent what remained of his life slowly starving himself while trying to find love another time. Imploring Ian to feed off him and tap into those emotions of affection and kinship, Gray passes while restoring Ian. In doing so, Ian regains his true power: His Harvester-self is finally born out of his human flesh, uniquely exuding goodness rather than malevolence. He now has the capacity to turn the tables on these creatures and to feed on their fear and to give life. He then goes after Jenny, who is being actively stalked by his former clan. After saving Jenny, Ian creates a new life for them, with Ian as a successful professional hockey player with Jenny at his side. While Jenny has no recollection of their harrowing adventure, Ian, having realized his abilities, will begin to take the fight to the Harvesters.'] ['Taking place almost a year after The Dream Master, Alice and Dan have now started dating and there is no sign of Freddy Krueger. In the beginning scene as titles roll, we see scenes of Dan and Alice having intercourse. Afterwards she finds herself in the shower, then being thrown at into a strange asylum. As she walks she finds that she is dressed in a nun\'s clothing with a nametag saying Amanda Krueger She is then attacked by the lunatics yet wakes up before anything happens, then at high school graduation we are introduced to: Greta, a super-model in training, Mark, a comic book geek, and Yvonne, a nurse who likes to swim. She only confides her nightmare to Dan, after he tells her about a trip to Europe. He tells her she is all in control of her dreams, and she makes her way to work. As Alice makes her way to work she finds herself back at the asylum. Alice is wheeled into an operating room on a stretcher, wearing Amanda\'s uniform, and screaming in pain. As Alice looks around she sees Amanda Krueger on the table, instead of herself, giving birth. As the baby is delivered, Amanda clamors to get to it. The baby breaks free from the doctors and escapes the room. Alice follows it into a church rectory, the same place that Alice defeated Freddy in the previous film. Before she can stop him, the baby finds Freddy\'s clothes and quickly grows into an adult. Amanda shows up to help Alice, but is disrupted when Freddy slams the church doors closed on her. After these events, Alice finds herself at work, but four hours late. Alice immediately phones Dan who leaves their friends and rushes over to the diner. Before Dan can make it he falls asleep and Freddy  makes him drive into a tanker truck, which explodes and wipes out Dan. Alice, after watching Freddy take possession of Dan, faints in the middle of the street. At the hospital, she is informed that she is pregnant with Dan\'s child. While recouping, she meets a young boy, Jacob. Yvonne later informs Alice that there were no children on her floor, nor is there a children\'s ward at the hospital. Freddy begins to kill Alice\'s friends one by one as they fall asleep. First is Greta, by forcing her to eat herself to death. Freddy then goes after Mark, and only after Alice draws herself into Mark\'s dream does Mark start to believe Alice. Alice requests an early ultrasound for her baby, and she soon realizes that Freddy is using her child to get into her friend\'s dreams. Alice also discovers that Jacob is really her unborn son. While Alice is looking for Amanda\'s body, Yvonne is attacked by Freddy. It\'s only when Yvonne barely escapes Freddy, thanks to a little help from Amanda\'s soul, that she accepts what Alice has been telling her. Shortly afterwards, Mark finds a comic depicting the entire events to that point and is drawn into his own nightmare. While there, Mark sees an image of Greta and finds his "dream power", the Phantom Prowler. He attacks Freddy, but is ultimately killed by Krueger and cut to pieces . Alice sends Yvonne to the now-abandoned asylum  to release Amanda\'s soul while she sets out to free Jacob. Freddy pulls her into a M. C. Escher-like labyrinth to try to slow her down. Freddy goes back into hiding inside Alice as she finally catches up to Jacob. Upon the revelation that Krueger has been hiding inside of her the whole time, Alice forces him out, but the strong pain makes her to loses her stength to fight back. After being released by Yvonne, Amanda arrives and instructs Jacob on how to defeat Freddy. Jacob, releasing the power that Freddy has given him, forces himself and Freddy to revert back to an infant. Alice picks up Jacob and absorbs him while the now-infant Freddy tries to escape. Before he can escape, though, Amanda picks him up and absorbs him back inside. Freddy begins to fight from within and the church doors close. A couple of months go by; Alice gives birth to Jacob, and is finally at peace from the nightmares. In the film\'s last scene, the children who appear throughout the series and are used as omens of Freddy\'s presence are shown, humming the familiar song "One, two, Freddy\'s coming for you..." wearing church outfits. They are next to Alice, her father, Yvonne and baby Jacob.'] ['Six Yankee tourists are lured into the fictional small Southern town Pleasant Valley by the redneck citizens to be the guests of honor for the centennial celebration of the day Union troops destroyed the town. The tourists are separated and forced to participate in various sick games which lead to their gory deaths. The methods employed by the festive townspeople include: * Dismembering a woman with an axe, and thereafter roasting her in a barbecue pit; * Staging a "horse race" in which a man is ripped limb from limb; * Rolling a man downhill in a barrel embedded with nails; * Crushing a woman with a boulder held aloft in a contraption resembling a carnival-style dunk tank. After discovering the nefarious plans of the townspeople, the two remaining tourists manage to escape. They then return with a local sheriff, only to discover that the town has disappeared. The film ends with two of the townspeople looking forward to the next centennial in 2065, when Pleasant Valley will rise again to resume its vendetta against the Yankees.'] ['Miguel, a young man with a horribly disfigured face, attempts to trick a girl into sex by pretending to be someone else. When this fails he brutally hacks up the young woman with a pair of scissors. After the crimes, Miguel is institutionalized at a mental asylum for five years. When his sentence is finished, he is released into the care of his sister, Manuela. Along with their invalid Aunt, his incestous sister Manuela operates a boarding school for young women, called Europe\'s International Youth-Club Boarding School of Languages, on the Spanish resort of Costa Del Sol. Miguel is intrigued by Angela, a long-haired brunette, whom he first saw on the train ride from the sanitarium. The creepy Miguel follows her around. Miguel meets with Manuela to request that they resume their incestuous relationship. She reminds him that it was this relationship that made him emotionally unstable five years earlier. She says they cannot be a couple because nobody understands them: "Only if we could get rid of everyone, then things could go back to the way they were." Later, Angela\'s friends are killed one by one. One, while topless, is skewered from behind by a 12-inch knife that exits her right nipple. Another is coerced by a romantic and masked Spaniard who insists on tying her up in an abandoned lumber mill  and is decapitated with a large power saw, an effect complete with ample squirting blood from her neck. A young boy is run over midsection by a Mercedes. Another friend is strangled by smoldering fireplace tongs. There is also the real decapitation of a snake. When the girls start to turn up missing, nobody believes Angela that there\'s a killer on the loose. She had seen the corpse of one girl, and it was gone as soon as she went for help. Confused and scared, Angela finally looks for help from the people who run the school.'] ['{{plot}} After discovering that her boyfriend Garrett  cheated on her, sorority sister Megan , with the help of her sorority friends - Cassidy , Jessica , Ellie , Claire , and Chugs , Garrett\'s sister, pulls a prank on Garret; she fakes her own death while making out with him. With the help from the sisters, Garrett brings Megan to a steel mill, intent on dumping her body in the lake. After Jessica jokingly mentions they need to release the air out of her lungs so her body will not float to the top, Garrett stabs Megan through the chest with a tire iron, killing her for real. Most of the group decides to dump Megan\'s body in the mine, along with the tire iron. Eight months later, the girls have grown apart and put the incident behind them, although Cassidy still feels guilty about the incident. After Ellie faints because she thought she saw Megan, Cassidy helps her, the girls all receive a picture sent to their phones: a robed arm holding the bloody lug wrench Garrett used to kill Megan. Suspicion falls on Garrett, but Chugs insists he\'s changed after the incident. Jessica takes the lead and insists it is merely a sick joke by him and continues with the party. Megan\'s sister, Maggie , arrives, wanting to honor her sister\'s memory by attending the party. Later, Chugs leaves the party to go to her therapist appointment. Not knowing that her therapist was killed, she lies down to wait for him, but instead, Chugs is drinking wine and the wine bottle is shoved down her throat by a mysterious killer. At the sorority\'s shower room, Claire and Jessica discussing about the incident. After they leave, a sorority girl named Joanna , who overheard their conversation, gets stabbed in the mouth by the mysterious killer. During the party, Claire\'s boyfriend, Mickey , is being rude to her so she breaks up with him. He tries to sell drugs to girls when Ellie sees him, he tries to find Ellie to tell her not to tell Claire, but all he finds is the killer. He is attacked and murdered  when trying to go down a dumbwaiter, with Ellie witnessing it. Ellie screams down the stairs, Jessica forces a frightened Ellie to take her to the scene, and Jessica decides to take Cassidy, as Claire waits with Ellie. Jessica and Cassidy find Mickey\'s body and all receive a text containing the video of Megan\'s death and a message telling them to go to the steel mine in twenty minutes or the video will be sent to the police. The girls drive to the mine shaft, and encounter Garrett, who has cut his wrists. Thinking Garrett is the one stalking them, Jessica runs him over with her SUV. However, they discover afterward that Garrett has been receiving the same text messages they have. Ellie suspects that Megan is the killer, believing that she did not actually die and is seeking revenge. To prove that Megan is dead, the girls lower Cassidy down the shaft to check, but instead of finding Megan\'s body, she finds finds a message written in blood says "Theta Pi must die". Back at the now empty sorority house , the girls receive a text from Chugs\' cell phone, telling them that she is going to be late to the party and that shes dead. Afterward, Claire is pulled by a electric cord and dragged down the pavement and she is shot in the mouth with a flare gun and killed. Cassidy runs out trying to find her, and she finds her dead. Searching the house for Jessica\'s boyfriend, Kyle , Jessica finds out that Kyle slept with Maggie and Jessica fights with Maggie until their house mother, Mrs. Crenshaw , threatens Jessica with her shotgun. After discovering about the incident, Mrs. Crenshaw tells the girls to lock themselves in a bedroom and to call the police  while she searches for the killer, who is in the house. Maggie is shocked and leaves the room to find Megan. After a game of cat and mouse in the kitchen, Mrs. Crenshaw is trying to reload when the killer pushes a table and Mrs. Crenshaw is killed, with the tire iron behind her. The girls hear the shots from Mrs. Crenshaw\'s gun and believe that she killed Megan. With no cell phones around, Cassidy and Jessica go to Mickey\'s body, for his cell phone, telling Ellie to run if she gets the chance. Downstairs, the killer confronts Maggie  Maggie steps closer and the killer throws a Molotov cocktail at her, setting the house on fire. Cassidy and Jessica find Kyle, who injures Jessica after getting into a fight with her. Cassidy and Jessica flee to an under-renovation bathroom where they find Megan\'s decomposing corpse hanging in the shower. Kyle attacks them there and knocks out Jessica. Before he can harm Cassidy, Kyle is killed with an axe in the head by Andy , Cassidy\'s boyfriend, who reveals himself to be the killer, as he wanted to have a perfect future with Cassidy, but she was always at risk of being found out, so he killed everyone who knew of Megan\'s murder. Then when Jessica was talking too much he stabs her in the mouth to shut her up and tells Cassidy that he also wants to kill Ellie. Cassidy opposes to this, but Andy says that Ellie is the weakest and she was the one who told him, so she will be likely to tell someone else. Devising a plan, Cassidy plays along and tells Andy that Ellie is in the basement, and while Andy goes to look for her, Cassidy fetches Ellie from upstairs and they try to run but are attacked by Andy, who is hurt that Cassidy would betray him. Urging Ellie to flee, Cassidy hits Andy with a lamp and tries to escape, but stops after she hears Maggie\'s cries for help, who is trapped in the flames. Cassidy tries to help her out but Andy comes and tries to kill Maggie, but Cassidy stops him. The floor then crumbles underneath Cassidy, and she is left hanging over the burning basement. As Andy is about to finish her off, Ellie appears and shoots him with Mrs. Crenshaw\'s shotgun. He falls backward onto the burning floor, which collapses under him and he falls to his death into the flames. With Andy dead, Ellie tells Maggie to wrap a curtain around herself and run through the flames, the two then pull Cassidy back up from the hole in the floor. The trio escape from the burning sorority house, just as emergency personnel arrive onscene. Fifteen months later, Theta Pi is being renovated from the fire and Maggie is now a Theta sister. As the girls sing the Theta Pi song, a figure comes into view, holding a garden trowel. The camera pans up to his wrist, revealing scars implying it to be Garrett.'] ['On August 18, 1973, five teenagers, Erin , her boyfriend Kemper , Morgan , Andy , and Pepper , are on their way to a Lynyrd Skynyrd concert after returning from Mexico, where they were supplying themselves with drugs for the concert. As they drive through Texas, they spot a distraught hitchhiker , who eventually gets into their van. After they have tried to speak to the hitchhiker, who talks incoherently about "a bad man", she shoots herself in the mouth with a .357 Magnum. After the startling shock, the group tries to contact the police, they then go to a store where a woman  tells them the sheriff is at the mill. Instead of the sheriff, they find a little boy named Jedediah  who tells them that the sheriff is at home drinking. Erin and Kemper go through the woods to find his house, leaving the other three at the mill with the boy. They come to a plantation house where Erin is allowed inside by the owner, an amputee named Monty, to phone for help. When Erin finishes, the old man asks her for help. Kemper goes inside to look for Erin and is attacked by the vicious-looking Leatherface , who hits him with a sledgehammer. When Leatherface takes Kemper\'s body to begin to make a new mask out of him, he discovers a small black box from Kemper. Opening it, he discovers a ring. Kemper was intending to propose to Erin. Meanwhile, Sheriff Hoyt  arrives at the mill and disposes of the hitchhiker\'s body, wrapping her in cellophane and putting her in his trunk. As he drives away, he tells the youths to leave. Erin arrives and finds that Kemper is still missing. Andy and Erin go back to the Monty\'s house, where Erin distracts him while Andy searches for Kemper. Monty realizes Andy is inside and summons Leatherface, who attacks Andy with his chainsaw. Erin escapes and heads towards the woods, but Leatherface slices Andy\'s leg off. Leatherface carries him to the basement and hangs him on a meat hook with his feet hanging over a piano, where he rubs salt on Andy\'s stump of a leg before wrapping it in butcher paper and tying it with human hair. Erin makes it to the mill and tries to escape in the van, but the sheriff shows up and, after spotting marijuana on the dashboard, orders Erin, Morgan and Pepper to get out of the van. The sheriff gives Morgan the gun he took from the hitchhiker and tells Morgan to reenact how she killed herself. Morgan, scared and disturbed by the sheriff\'s demeanor, and under pressure by Erin and Pepper, attempts to shoot the sheriff only to find the gun is unloaded. Sheriff Hoyt handcuffs Morgan and drives him to the Hewitt house , leaving the girls in the van. Erin tries to fix the truck, while Pepper holds a flashlight. Erin gets the truck running and begins to drive, but one of the wheels falls off. Erin and Pepper stay still in the truck, but Leatherface appears on the top of the truck and tries to attack them by chainsawing the roof. After witnessing Pepper\'s murder by Leatherface, Erin, who sees that Leatherface is wearing Kemper\'s face over his own, runs to escape and hides in a nearby trailer with two women inside, who offer her tea and try to soothe her. The two women, an obese middle-aged woman known only as the \'Tea Lady\' and a younger woman named Henrietta, who is presumably her daughter, act strangely. After they tell Erin they don\'t have a phone for her to call for help, a telephone in the trailer rings and Henrietta picks it up and tells someone on the other end "she\'s here". Erin discovers they have kidnapped a child when she sees that the baby with them is the same child in a photograph with the woman who committed suicide earlier. However, the tea is drugged and she passes out when she tries to leave the trailer. Erin wakes up at the Hewitt house surrounded by the Hewitt family: Leatherface, his mother Luda May, Sheriff Hoyt, Uncle Monty, and the little boy Jedediah. Luda May tells Erin that her excuse for her son Thomas\' actions is that her son was tormented by teenagers and that she felt no one cared for her family besides themselves. Erin is taken to the basement, where she finds Andy. She tries to help him off of the meat hook but when he sees he will land on the piano keys and alert Leatherface, he begs her to kill him, which she does, though suffering severe emotional trauma. Afterwards, she finds Morgan, who is still handcuffed. Jedediah, who clearly does not agree with the actions of his family, leads them out of the house. Jedediah rejects Erin\'s plea to come with them, rather staying there, and distracts Leatherface long enough for them to escape. Erin and Morgan find an abandoned house in the woods and barricade themselves inside. Leatherface breaks in and discovers Erin, but Morgan attacks Leatherface, causing him to drop his chainsaw. Morgan grabs him and wrestles him, but Leatherface is a large, powerful man who easily lifts Morgan upwards toward a chandelier, where Morgan becomes entangled by his handcuffs, and is left hanging and defenseless. Leatherface picks up his chainsaw, slicing up into Morgan\'s crotch and killing him. Erin runs out of the shack and escapes through the woods. Leatherface trips on a fence and cuts his leg while pursuing her. Erin finds a slaughterhouse and hides in a locker. Leatherface opens the locker across from hers and she attacks him with a meat cleaver, chopping off his right arm. Erin runs outside and flags down a trucker, whom she tries to convince to go away from the Hewitt\'s house. But he stops to find help at the eatery. Erin sees Luda May and watches as Sheriff Hoyt arrives and talks to the trucker. Erin sees Henrietta watching over the kidnapped baby in a highchair. When Henrietta walks outside to join Luda May and Sheriff Hoyt, who are talking to the truck driver, Erin sneaks the baby out of the eatery and places her in the sheriff\'s car and hot-wires it. Hoyt notices her and tries to stop her, but she runs him down and runs him over repeatedly until he is dead. Leatherface appears in the road with the chainsaw and tries to stop her, but he is too slow, and Erin manages to escape with the baby unharmed.'] ['George Tatum  journeys back down to his home in Florida. Along the way, he has recurring nightmares of a violent incident from his childhood, which forces him to kill again. George\'s ex-wife, Susan Temper , young son C.J. , and the family babysitter begin to receive "hang-up" calls, which none of them realize is George making sure his family is home. The closer George gets to his destination, the more gruesome his murders become and the memories of his first childhood-murder intensify. Wearing an old-man mask to conceal his identity, George makes his way into his old house with an icepick, kills the babysitter, and goes after his son and two daughters , who have taken refuge in their mother\'s bedroom on the second floor. Young C.J. manages to shoot the masked-maniac through a hole hacked into the door, causing George to fall back down the staircase. As he lies dying, George has a full recall of his childhood, where upon catching his father  cheating on his mother  with a mistress, he brutally murders both of them with an axe. As George is carried off in a stretcher, his wife comes home, identifies her husband, and goes into a screaming fit. Young C.J. is taken for questioning by the police, and winks into the camera as the final image of the film.'] ['Five children crawl from the wreckage of a deadly van accident in a snowy canyon. The juvenile survivors seek shelter at a secluded mountaintop winter home occupied by a rich businessman  and his friends . Soon, strange mishaps occur and the group is stranded without electricity and telephones. One by one, the adults begin to fall prey to a series of shocking and violent deaths. By the time the few surviving adults suspect the demented delinquents it may be too late.'] ["Hye-jin's homecoming should have been a joyous occasion. She was especially happy to see her childhood friend again, the shy Eun-ju. However, when a secret is revealed, harsh words are exchanged. These words deeply affect Eun-ju and, in the next scene, we see her plummeting from a 30-story building. In a flashback provided by Sun-ae, we learn that the ghost of Eun-ju is hunting down all of Hye-jin's friends and killing them. Is this possible or is a more worldly force at work? What is this mysterious tape that everyone is asking about?"] ['Jolly Roger comes back from the dead and kills descendants of his crew who mutinied against him 300 years earlier.'] ['The animated introduction revolves around how Devon  becomes a Hound Of Hell, in which he agreed to sell his soul to a demon named Liore  to bring back his dead sister . Liore grants him knowledge, strength, and the power to decide who goes to heaven or hell for an unspecified period of time. The animation is switched out showing Devon as a real person, as he narrates the stories.  A female tagger named Posie  is given the power of death by the mysterious Derelict  , who captures her while she tries to escape from some gang members . With it, any tag she "crosses out" causes the gruesome demise of the original tagger. She later suffers the ultimate price when she loses sight of her calling as an artist and starts to abuse her power. The Derelict told her that she could have break the cycle of murder and violence in this city, but she made it worse, he takes the power away and sics the recently deceased gang members on her. They lodge a spray-paint can in her head and spray the wall with her blood into a beautiful mural. A service is given for Posie and her beautiful flower mural, while Devon and Derelict watch on in human disguises.  A white trash bigoted couple, Tex Woods Jr.  and Tiffany  are given the chance at inheritance. Tex\'s father, Tex Woods Sr.  dies "mysteriously", but in order for them to receive the inheritance, they have to live with some black Vietnam vets  that served under Tex\'s father for a year. Instead of learning to tolerate and respect, Tex and Tiffany just harass them and force them to work. When they start to cause casualties, they soon become victims to their unhappy house mates. After Tiffany ironically dies by stomach explosion from caviar and Tex Woods Jr.\'s demise, the remaining housemates gain the inheritance of their friend Tex Woods and celebrate. Soon, Devon, who is now revealed to be the new landlord, greets them and congratulates them on their new wealth. However, it\'s short lived when Tiffany\'s dog starts barking at Devon, who shoots it in anger, then calmly saying, "No pets allowed."  A new rapper named SOD  is finally starting to gain recognition and fame. During an awards show after party, he is confronted by Clara , a mysterious woman who seemingly stops time . She shows him videos from SOD\'s up and coming days: from when he first met Quon   to Quon\'s last day when he was gunned down in a liquor store by a masked burglar. During that life, Quon was always there acting as a big brother usually defending SOD when his ego got out of line. Quon was offered a solo career after SOD\'s behavior was out of control, but Quon refused and he stayed with SOD. When SOD denies having to do with his death, Quon enters the room. Back from the dead, Quon knows it was really SOD and Jersey   who was really behind his death revealing the elaborate plot of SOD wearing a bulletproof vest as well as Jersey being the gunman as an act of betrayal and act of fame. Quon then brutally kills Jersey and frames SOD, who is then gunned down by the police.  During all the stories, Devon, tells the audience that each character had the potential to do good in life, but instead, chose to do evil for their own needs that resulted in each of their deaths. After each segment, he takes all the deceased characters to a mysterious elevator. First pulling Posie out of her mural, then dragging Tex Woods Jr. by the horn which is embedded in his neck with his partner dragging Tiffany afterwards. After claiming SOD, Devon takes SOD, Posie, Tex Wood Jr., and Tiffany and sends all of them to a one way ticket straight to hell, where all of them are further tormented.'] ["After refusing a request from frisky customer Buck , prostitute Clara Wood  is evicted from the town brothel by the madam, Miss Hattie . Clara makes her way to a decrepit hotel where she encounters the mentally disturbed proprietor Judd  and his pet Nile crocodile in the swamp beside the porch. Upon realizing Clara was a prostitute, Judd attacks her while ranting and raving. Judd stabs her with a pitchfork and feeds her to the crocodile. Soon afterwards a fractious couple, Faye  and the disturbed Roy ([[William Finley , arrive at the hotel, along with their young daughter Angie . They soon experience the trauma of Angie's dog being eaten by the crocodile. Faye and Roy take their daughter to their room to try to calm her down. Meanwhile, Harvey Wood  and his daughter Libby arrive seeking information on Clara, Harvey's daughter, however soon leave to try to locate her at the brothel. Roy decides to shoot the crocodile for eating their dog, and while in the process is stabbed by Judd with a scythe before being attacked and devoured by the crocodile. After getting Angie to sleep, Faye goes into the bathroom for a bath, however is interrupted by Judd who begins to beat her. Angie wakes up and flees the hotel, however is trapped underneath the hotel by Judd, who proceeds to tie up Faye in a bedroom. Accompanied by Sheriff Martin , Harvey and Libby question Miss Hattie, who denies ever seeing Clara. Harvey returns to the hotel while Libby stays in town to eat. He hears Angie's crying, and while investigating is attacked by Judd who stabs him in the neck with his scythe before being dragged into the swamp by the crocodile. While Sheriff Martin and Libby are at the bar, Martin kicks out Buck and his girlfriend Lynette  after a fight nearly breaks out. The pair venture to the hotel, much to the annoyance of Judd who had already warned Buck away from his land. While in their room, they hear Angie's cries for help. Buck goes to investigate and is pushed into the swamp by Judd, where he is quickly eaten. Lynette hears the commotion, and goes outside only to be chased by Judd and his scythe. She manages to flag down a passing car and get away. Libby arrives back at the hotel and goes up to her room. Judd arrives back also, and opens up the gate for the crocodile to get in under the house so it can eat Angie. Meanwhile, Libby discovers Faye tied up in the bedroom. After untying her, the women attempt to leave, however Judd chases them back upstairs where he wounds Faye with the scythe. Libby escapes and begins to help Angie out of the swamp she has manages to get into. Judd throws Faye off a balcony, before he attempts to push Angie back into the swamp, but Faye arrives and pushes Judd into the swamp, where he is devoured by his pet crocodile."] ['Returning home from school one day in 1986, a young Darius Foxx witnesses his mailman father shoot his mother and her lover after walking in on them together. After killing the couple, Darius\'s father looks directly into his son\'s eyes, and shoots himself in the mouth. Sixteen years later, Darius moves to the town of Smithfield as the new mailman, cryptically telling anyone who asks that his predecessor is "out of town" for an indeterminate amount of time. Behind his initially cheerful facade, Darius is a psychopath who spends his free time reading and tampering with the mail of people on his route, rewriting letters and smashing packages, among other acts of vandalism. Aiding Darius is a local teenage delinquent named Daniel Everson, who had become disillusioned after discovering his older sister, Beth, and best friend, Jay, are dating, and after being told by Darius that he is adopted. Unbeknownst to Daniel however, Darius is serial killer who murders people who become suspicious of him, such as a gas meter man, and Daniel\'s girlfriend, Veronica. After the two enact a plan to blackmail the mayor using information on his family\'s illegal activities they had gleaned from the mail, Darius reveals to Daniel that he is his biological brother, and that he had moved to Smithfield to find and reconnect with him. Shortly after returning to Darius\'s house, Darius sends Daniel out to get beer, and while he is gone, Darius kills a hitman sent by the mayor to deal with him. Just as Darius disposes of the hitman\'s body, Beth and Jay break in, having become concerned about the new mailman\'s activities, and his relationship with Daniel. After the two discover the body of the original mailman  stuffed in a closet, Darius appears, knocks them out, and ties them up, intent on raping Beth and forcing Jay to watch. As Darius strips Beth, Daniel returns, and is ordered to kill Beth by Darius, who says she is not his real sister, and that her family will never truly accept him like he does. Instead of obeying his brother, Daniel stabs him with a letter opener, and releases Beth and Jay. While a hysterical Daniel breaks down sobbing, Beth and Jay embrace, not noticing Darius\'s eyes open.'] ['The story follows a reporter named Richard Dees as he attempts to follow and catch up with a murderer who kills his victims in a vampiristic style, and who seemingly flies to each murder scene by plane, a black Skymaster. At one point, Dees finds dirt in the plane, heightening the suspense of this film. The plot culminates in Dees\' confrontation with \'The Night Flier\' and his own loss of sanity. Dees\' nemesis is a young female reporter who joins the staff at the exploitative magazine "Inside View", where he ranks as senior reporter. She at first is dismissed by him as naive and at best a "Jimmy", as in "Jimmy Olsen", then is actively abused by him. She ultimately survives him and writes about Dees\' death, prominently featured on the title page of the magazine "Inside View".'] ['A young artist, Reno Miller  and his girlfriend Carol enter a Catholic church. Reno approaches an elderly bearded man kneeling at the pulpit. Although Reno seems to recognize the man as his long-lost father, he is merely a derelict. After the man seizes Reno\'s hand, Reno grabs Carol and runs from the church. The derelict had a paper with Reno\'s name and phone number and requested a meeting with him. Later, in the Union Square apartment he shares with Carol and her lover Pamela, Reno receives a large phone bill and cannot pay his rent. He hates his crime-infested, derelict-filled neighborhood. Reno visits Dalton, a gay gallery owner, and tells him that he is currently painting a masterpiece. Reno asks for a week’s extension and a loan of $500 to cover the rent. Dalton refuses, saying that he already lent money enough to Reno. However, if he finishes a satisfactory painting in one week, Dalton will buy it for the necessary amount. The following day, the Roosters, a No Wave band, begin practicing their music in a nearby apartment. The loud music makes Reno more unnerved and frustrated. That night, Reno, Carol, and Pamela watch a TV advertisement for a Porto-Pak, a battery pack which allows portable use of mains electrical appliances. At 2:00 a.m., while painting, Reno becomes more agitated from the Rooster’s music. After seeing his own image saturated in blood, Reno walks in the dark. He sees an elderly derelict sleeping in a garbage-strewn alley. It seems that Reno plans to accost the man, but instead, he takes him down an alley where they see gang members chasing another bum. Reno drops the bum and vows that he will not end up like him or his derelict father. The next day, Reno complains about the Roosters to their landlord. However, the landlord refuses to act because the music does not bother him. He gives Reno a skinned rabbit for dinner, but demands the rent money. Reno takes the rabbit home and repeatedly stabs it while preparing it. Later, Reno buys the Porto-Pak. During a brief reprieve from the music, Reno hears voices calling his name and sees an image of an eyeless Carol. That night, Reno goes out with the Porto-Pak and his drill attached to it. He sees another bum sleeping inside an abandoned diner and kills him by drilling into his chest. The following evening, Reno, Carol, and Pamela see Tony Coca-Cola and the Roosters at a nightclub. As the Roosters play, Reno becomes agitated by the loud music and crowd. He leaves as Carol and Pamela dance and make out. Reno returns to his apartment, grabs the drill and Porto-Pak, and goes out on a drilling spree. He kills a number of bums before returning home to sleep. Later, Tony visits Reno’s apartment and asks Reno to paint him. Tony agrees to pose that instant for the $500 rent bill. As Reno paints, Tony poses, playing his guitar and making out with Pamela. A bum in a nearby alley, upset the noise, is attacked by Reno who drills his hands to a wall in a crucifix pose before killing him. Afterward, Reno works on his painting. After a night’s work, he wakes Pamela and Carol to tell them it is finished. Reno and Carol show the painting to Dalton, who leaves after declaring it “unacceptable.” Carol yells at Reno for sitting with a blank expression. The next morning, Reno awakes to find Carol is leaving him for her ex-husband, Stephen. That evening, Reno calls Dalton and invites him to see another piece. When Dalton arrives as the Roosters are practicing, Reno drills him. After visiting the Rooster’s, Pamela returns to find a bloody drill bit in front of the door and Dalton’s body inside. Pamela backs away screaming, but Reno grabs her. Across town, Carol is back with Stephen. She takes a shower while Stephen prepares tea. Reno sneaks in, drills Stephen in the back, and hides his body behind the counter. Carol, done showering, walks to the bedroom where Reno hides under the bed covers. She turns out the lights, gets into bed, and tells "Stephen" to "come here..."'] ['Six young people wake up in an abandoned building, with no idea of what is going on or how they got there. A mysterious figure appears to them over a PA system, telling them that they are on a gameshow called "Are You Scared?", and that they will have to face their deepest fears in order to win the contest. However, their challenges are real, and deadly, and one by one the group must face their worst fears, facing the highest stakes imaginable. The film involves several \'contests\', all resulting in the death of the participant. Death by acid, by explosion, by shotgun, by hungry rats, by strangulation, power drill and decapitation by axe all feature.'] ['New York short story writer Jennifer Hills rents an isolated cottage by a lake in the countryside to write her first novel. The arrival in town of the attractive and independent young woman attracts the attention of Johnny, the gas station manager, and Stanley and Andy, two unemployed youths who hang around the gas station. Jennifer receives a grocery delivery from Matthew, who is mildly mentally challenged, and befriends him. Matthew is friends with the other three men and reports back to them about the beautiful woman he met, claiming he saw her breasts. Stanley and Andy start cruising by the cottage in their speedboat and prowl around the house at night. One day, while Jennifer is relaxing in her canoe, they surprise her in their speedboat and tow her to shore. As she tries to escape, she is met by Johnny, while Matthew hides in bushes nearby. She realizes they planned her abduction so Matthew can lose his virginity. Jennifer fights but is chased by the men through the forest. Matthew refuses to have sex with her, so Johnny rapes her. They allow her to escape but track her down shortly afterward. Andy brutally rapes her; and after she crawls back to her house, they attack her again. Matthew finally rapes her after drinking alcohol, but he says that he can not reach orgasm with the other men watching. The other men ridicule her book and rip up the manuscript, and Stanley sexually assaults her. She passes out, but after the men leave, Johnny realizes she is a witness to their crimes and orders Matthew to stab her to death. Matthew cannot bring himself to do this, so he dabs the knife in her blood and returns to the other men claiming he has killed her. In the following days, a traumatized Jennifer pieces both herself and her manuscript back together. She goes to church and asks for forgiveness for what she plans to do. The men learn Jennifer has survived and beat Matthew up for deceiving them. Jennifer calls in a grocery order, knowing Matthew will deliver it. He takes the groceries, and a knife. At the cabin Jennifer entices him to have sex with her under a tree. As he becomes oblivious to his surroundings, she strings a noose around his neck and hangs him, then cuts the rope and drops the body in the river. Jennifer seductively collects Johnny from the gas station in her car. She stops halfway to her house and turns a gun on him and orders him to remove all his clothing. Johnny insists the rapes were her fault because she enticed the men by parading around in revealing clothing. She pretends to believe this, lowers her gun, and invites him back to her cottage for a hot bath, where she manually stimulates him. When Johnny says that Matthew has been reported missing, Jennifer states that she killed Matthew, and as he nears orgasm, Jennifer takes the knife Matthew brought with him from its hiding place under the bathmat and severs Johnny\'s genitals, letting him bleed to death. She later dumps the body in the basement and burns his clothes in the fireplace. Stanley and Andy learn that Johnny is missing and take their boat to Jennifer\'s cabin. Andy goes ashore with an axe. Jennifer swims out to the boat and climbs aboard before Stanley realizes what she is doing and pushes him overboard. Andy tries to attack her when she speeds past him in the boat, but she escapes with the axe. Andy swims out to rescue Stanley, but Jennifer plunges the axe into Andy\'s back and backs the boat up to Stanley, who grabs hold of the motor to climb aboard, begging Jennifer not to kill him. She repeats his own words he used against Jennifer while assaulting her: "Suck it, bitch!", starts the engine, disemboweling him, and speeds away in the boat.'] ["Alex Browning, a senior high school student, boards Volée Airlines Flight 180 with his classmates and teachers for their senior trip from John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City to Charles de Gaulle International Airport in Paris. Before the plane takes off, Alex has a premonition that the flight will explode, killing everyone on board. As events from his vision express themselves in reality, he panics and attempts to stop the flight. The resulting commotion leads to the removal of some passengers, including Alex, orphan Clear Rivers, Alex' best friend Tod Waggner, teacher Valerie Lewton, Alex's rival Carter Horton, Carter's girlfriend Terry Chaney and student Billy Hitchcock. After they have been removed from the plane, none of the passengers believe Alex's statement until the airliner explodes in fire. The survivors are devastated and are investigated by two FBI agents who are particularly interested in Alex's vision. After attending a memorial for the Volée Airlines Flight 180 victims, Tod accidentally hangs himself within his clothesline and is deemed a suicide. When Alex and Clear locate his body, mortician William Bludworth tells them that Death is reclaiming the lives of those who escaped its original plan, as is proven when Terry is hit by a speeding bus. While watching a newsfeed detailing Volée Airlines Flight 180's aftermath, Alex concludes that Death is killing the survivors in accordance with the sequence of their intended demises on the plane. Nonetheless, he is too late to save Ms Lewton from a kitchen knife impalement which ultimately causes a house explosion. The remaining survivors  are reunited as Alex explains the situation. Frustrated by Terry's loss and at having no control over his life, Carter attempts suicide by stalling his car on the railroad tracks. Though he changes his mind, Alex rescues him by ripping his seatbelt before the train collides with his car. However, Billy is unexpectedly decapitated by shrapnel from the wreckage. Withdrawing himself from the group, Alex believes that Death skipped Carter and progressed to Billy. Realizing Clear is actually next rather than himself, Alex rushes to her aid and encounters the FBI agents along the way. Meanwhile, Clear is trapped inside her vehicle, surrounded by loose live wires. Alex sacrifices himself on behalf of her safety by grabbing the wires, initiating an explosion which incapacitates him and the screen fades to white. Six months later, Alex, Clear and Carter arrive in Paris and discuss their survival. Fearing that their struggle is unfinished, Alex narrowly avoids a bus. The bus hurls a parking signage towards a neon sign, which descends on Alex. Carter tackles Alex in time and asks him about the next victim, inadvertently standing in the way of the swinging neon sign as the credits roll implying Alex and Clear as the remaining survivors of the Volée Airlines Flight 180."] ["A group of young forest rangers and their girlfriends go camping in the woods for what they hope to be a fun-filled weekend only to find their plans spoiled by a disguised, merciless killer who stalks the forest in search of fresh victims. Soon they are caught in a terrifying game of bloodshed and murder. It is up to the remaining few victims to defend themselves, turn the tables on the killer and put an end to their trip of terror. A young Couple loses motorbike in control and falls on the ground, Jim was badly hurt, and Lori finds some help. she found an abandoned cabin but no one is there. she runs back to Jimmy where she finds him Dead hanging on the tree, she screams so loud and runs back to the old cabin. While running, she steps on a trap full of sharp objects killing her. Weeks later, a group of campers arrive at the forest where the killings happened. Mr and Mrs. Morgan have some hesitations with their Daughter Windy, they don't want her to go but she declines and still joined the campers. Sammie also declined the invitation to join. The campers include Dennis, Margaret, Windy, Marco, Nathaniel, Boone, Eggar, Vanessa, Mike and Melanie. The group cleans a part of a forest and gather supplies for the camping. The group spend the night with a bonfire. some of them decided to have a trekking, and scare the girls by making sounds of a wolf. They woke up early in the morning but Marco and Eggar was missing. The three of boys search for him,on the far woods, and the others search him nearby the camp. Mike took a swim and Melanie followed him. While making sex, Mike was stabbed by a sharp tool on his back repeatedly by a strange creature, Melanie screams in terror while watching her lover die. Nathaniel and Dennis found an abandoned cabin, and found some valuables there. they found an old grave and Dennis comes inside the cabin to investigate. Nathaniel hear Dennis scream and he immediately comes inside only to be attacked by a strange old lady, but revealed to be Dennis that has a plan to scare him. Nathaniel became angry and fights with him. they were shocked to found some things inside the house that are being used and new, they stole some of the things and food. while opening the cabinet they found a decapitated head of a wolf, so they got scared and head back to the camp. The night turns out and some of the campers got missing. While sleeping, Margaret was attacked by the strange creature, the guys hear her scream and everybody woke up. she confesses hysterically what she saw to the other campers. Boone comforts her not to panic. the campers hear a strange noise and they followed it only to found Marco who has returned to the camp. Vanessa got angry for the guys scaring the girls so she separated to the group. She found the old cabin and go inside, she opens one of the drawers and a decapitated head of Mike falls off her, she panics and screams. Nathaniel immediately finds her as well as the group. The group searches for Melanie, They decided to spend the night there for the safety thinking it was much more safer there. The morning comes up as they try to capture the man who killed Mike. they go to the old cabin, Nathaniel comes inside, as well as the group unknowingly Melanie was down under the basement with the killer. they saw a decapitated hand in a jar and Margaret saw it, so they try to flee and get the rubber boat on the cabin. They raft along the river, unknowingly the creature is following them. while rafting, the creature throws the dead body of Melanie in the boat causing chaos. They bury the dead body of Melanie near the river. the group continues to raft along the river but the way got much more smaller and smaller and more stones so its harder to raft, Vanessa cant swim and she falls off, they try to get her into the boat again. they finally reach the end of the river and found their bus now empty, the bus was on the top of the bridge knowing its a trap, they investigate to it first. They try to fix the bus but not worthy cause its broken so they decided to spend the night there, but things come worst when the creature attack the bus, it almost killed Vanessa when it strikes an axe on the window, and the creature comes inside but the group is trapped and tries to open the back door but its locked.They opened it and run away from the bus. Windy got separated and lost. Windy searches them only to be stabbed by the creature on her neck, and she falls on the hollow ground. the group hears her scream and followed her. she is badly hurt and bleeds, Dennis and Marco decided to go back to the bus to get the first aid. The group again tries to search for the forests exit, and encounters its terrains and vast environment. Dennis now out of his mind found a large hole with magic mushrooms, and calls the group. They gather supplies and make a wear for themselves to reflect it as a camouflage. Dennis climbs one of the highest trees. Marco was searching for Eggar, but Eggar appears, and he strangled Marco, but the group attack Eggar, knowing he killed Mike and Melanie, but the creature appears. while Dennis is watching behind it cuts off his ankles making him fall from the cliff killing him. the creature rises up and screams, revealing to be Eggar's long lost mother. As she walks down, she steps one of the traps killing her. Eggar appears to be devastated and knocked out. Now, the survivors - Margaret, Windy, Vanessa, Nathaniel, Boone, and Marco watch in horror as Eggar's mother hangs dead on the trap."] [' On Saturday, October 23, shop owner Harry Grimbridge  is chased by mysterious figures wearing business suits. He collapses at a filling station clutching a Silver Shamrock jack-o\'-lantern mask and is driven to the hospital by the station attendant  all the while ranting, "They\'re going to kill us. They\'re going to kill us all." Grimbridge is placed in the care of Dr. Dan Challis. Another man in a suit  enters Grimbridge\'s hospital room and kills him, then goes to his car and kills himself through self-immolation. Dr. Challis and Grimbridge\'s daughter, Ellie, investigate the incident leading them to the small town of Santa Mira, California, home of the Silver Shamrock Novelties factory. Hotel manager Rafferty ([[Michael Currie  reveals the source of the town\'s prosperity is Irishman Conal Cochran and his factory and that the majority of the town\'s population are descendants of Irish immigrants. Challis learns that Ellie\'s father stayed at the same hotel. Other hotel guests are shop owners Marge Guttman  and Buddy Kupfer , Buddy\'s wife Betty  and their son Little Buddy . All have business at the factory and eventually meet gruesome ends through the Silver Shamrock masks and the men in suits. A day after arriving in Santa Mira, Challis and Ellie tour the factory with the Kupfers and are alarmed to discover Grimbridge\'s car there, guarded by more men dressed in suits. They return to the hotel but cannot contact anyone outside the town. Ellie is kidnapped by the men in suits. Challis breaks into the factory to find her and discovers that the men in suits are androids created by Cochran. Challis is captured by the androids and Cochran reveals his plan to kill children on Halloween night. The Silver Shamrock trademark on the masks contains a computer chip containing a fragment of Stonehenge. When the Silver Shamrock television commercial airs on Halloween night, the chip will activate, killing the wearer and unleashing a lethal swarm of insects and snakes, killing those around the wearer. Cochran explains his plan to resurrect macabre aspects of Gaelic festival Samhain, which he connects to witchcraft. Challis escapes and rescues Ellie. They destroy the factory and Cochran, then flee the town. While driving away, Challis is attacked by "Ellie", causing him to crash his car. He finds that she is an android copy and destroys it in a brief struggle. On foot, Challis returns to the filling station, where Ellie\'s father had come to eight days earlier, and contacts the television stations, convincing all but one to remove the commercial. Challis screams into the telephone to stop the commercial as the film abruptly ends.'] ['Two groups of friends find themselves stranded at an isolated campground. When the first group is slaughtered overnight by an unseen evil, the second group arrives. Relentless terror begins as campers are transformed into bloodthirsty cannibalistic zombies that stalk, chase and eat their own friends.'] ['Cotton Weary, now living in Los Angeles and the host of a nationally syndicated television show, 100% Cotton, is called by Ghostface who demands the whereabouts of Sidney Prescott who has gone into seclusion since the events of Scream 2. He refuses and both Cotton and his girlfriend Christine are murdered. Detective Mark Kincaid meets with Gale Weathers to discuss the murders prompting her to travel to Hollywood, where she finds Dewey Riley working as an advisor on the set of Stab 3, the third film in the film within a film series based on the Ghostface murders. After Ghostface kills Stab 3 actress Sarah Darling with the help of a voice changer that can perfectly mimic various voices. Sidney is now living reclusively as a crisis counselor for an abused women\'s hotline, as she is terrified that another killer may strike. The killer begins taunting Sidney by phone, having discovered her phone number, forcing her out of hiding and drawing her to Hollywood. As the remaining Stab 3 cast gather at the home of Jennifer Jolie, Ghostface kills her bodyguard Steven Stone and uses a gas-leak to cause an explosion, killing fellow actor Tom Prinze. Dewey, Gale, Jennifer and the remaining "Stab 3" actors Angelina Tyler and Tyson Fox attend a birthday party for the director Roman Bridger where Ghostface strikes. Roman, Angelina, Tyson and Jennifer are killed and Ghostface orders Sidney to the mansion to save Gale and Dewey\'s lives, as they are tied up. Sidney is forced to remove her firearm, and detective Kincaid gives her his gun, which she uses to shoot the killer. Sidney flees and hides in a secret screening room where she discovers Ghostface. He reveals himself as Roman, having faked his death and survived being shot due to a bullet proof vest. Roman admits to being Sidney\'s half-brother, born to their mother Maureen Prescott when she was an actress in Hollywood. Roman details how, upon finding Maureen, she rejected him and he took his revenge by convincing Billy Loomis to kill her, sparking the events of Scream and Scream 2. However, when he discovered how much fame Sidney got because of those events, Roman snapped and lured Sidney out of hiding. Sidney and Roman fight and Sidney fatally stabs Roman. Dewey and Gale arrive and Roman jumps to his feet. He is stunned by gunfire from Dewey. Sidney informs Dewey that Roman is wearing a bulletproof vest. Dewey kills Roman with a shot to the forehead. In the aftermath of the murders, Dewey asks Gale for her hand in marriage, which she accepts, and they settle down to watch a film, accompanied by Sidney and Detective Kincaid. As Sidney goes to join the others, a door behind her opens, but she walks away leaving it as is, finally confident that the murders have ended and that she is now safe.'] ['{{Plot}} Norman Bates  is now being released from a mental institution after spending 22 years in confinement. Lila Loomis , sister of Marion Crane, vehemently protests with a petition that she has been circulating with signatures of 743 people, including the relatives of the seven people Norman killed prior to his incarceration, but her plea is dismissed. Norman is taken back to his old home, the Bates Motel, with the house behind it on the hill, by Dr. Bill Raymond , who assures him everything will be fine. Norman is introduced to the motel\'s new manager, Warren Toomey . The following day, Norman reports to a prearranged job as a dishwasher and busboy at a nearby diner, run by a kindly old lady named Emma Spool . One of his co-workers there is Mary Samuels , a young waitress. After work, Mary claims she has been thrown out of her boyfriend\'s place and needs a place to stay. Norman offers to let her stay at the motel, then extends the offer to his home when he discovers that Toomey has turned what had been a shabby but respectable establishment before Norman was committed into a sleazy adult motel. Norman\'s adjustment back into society appears to be going along well until "Mother" begins to make her presence known. Norman gets mysterious notes from "Mother" at the house and diner. Phone calls came from someone claiming to be Norman\'s mother. The next day, drunk Toomey picks a fight at the diner after Norman fires him. Back at the motel Toomey yells hysterically up to the house at Norman saying he\'s moving out. Later, a human figure in a black dress walks in and slashed his face and stabs him to death with a large kitchen knife as he is packing to leave the motel. As Norman begins to reconstruct his motel, he begins to doubt his sanity when he spots a human figure staring out of the upstairs window resembling his mother. Shocked by this, Norman runs into the house and enters his mother\'s bedroom to find it looks exactly as it did 22 years ago. A sound lures him to the attic, where he is locked in. At the same time, a teenage couple, believing the house to be abandoned, sneaks in through the cellar window. As they were making out, they noticed a human female figure dressed in black pacing in the next room and heading towards the cellar trapdoor with a large kitchen knife. The girl tries to climb through a small window, but knocks over a pile of logs. As they try to climb out, the window slams down on his hands and the boy is stabbed to death. The girl escapes and alerts the police. Mary eventually finds Norman in the attic, but the door is unlocked confusing Norman. Minutes later, the sheriff arrives at the house and questions them about the boy\'s murder. He finds the cellar neat and orderly. Norman is about to admit that something suspicious is going on, but Mary claims that she has cleaned up the basement herself. After the sheriff leaves, Norman asks Mary why she lied. She explains that she had to save him from being arrested. Norman collapses into the chair with his head in his hands and moans, "It\'s starting again!"; Norman is aware that he is slipping into insanity again. That evening, Mary goes down to the motel to look for a bottle of brandy. In the parlour she is surprised by Lila, who reveals herself to be Mary\'s mother and ask her why she alibied for him. She has been calling Norman claiming to be his mother; Mary has also been helping her. She was the figure Norman spotted in the window, and also restored mother\'s room in the house plus locking Norman in the attic. All of this was an attempt to drive Norman insane again and to have him recommitted. Mary\'s growing feelings for Norman, however, have been preying on her conscience, leaving her to reconsider her actions. Lila becomes annoyed at Mary for giving an alibi to the police, because she is desperate for Bates to be recommitted. Mary, however, believes Norman to be innocent and states there could be somebody else lurking in the house. As she leaves, Lila warns her that Norman will eventually kill her just like the rest. As Norman enters the bathroom he calls for Mary, and the two are horrified to find a bloody cloth that has been stuffed down the toilet and overflowing. Norman appears confused and believes he may have committed another murder. Mary tells Norman it could not have been him as he was in the attic, and tells Norman to make them both a drink. As Mary cleans up the mess, she is startled when she discovers someone looking at her through a peephole in the bathroom wall. She screams and then calls out to Norman, who is downstairs and out of reach. Mary then returns to her room to fetch her gun, which she has been keeping in her bag, and enters Norman\'s mother\'s bedroom. As she enters, she discovers a peephole behind a painting and looks through and finds somebody else staring at her through the bathroom wall. Norman rushes to her aid but is sad to learn that Mary has a gun, thinking it is because of him she carries it, which Mary denies. Norman goes downstairs into the kitchen, grabs a butcher knife for protection, and goes into the hallway to search for the intruder. As he walks towards the stairs he is shocked to hear a faint voice coming from the cellar calling his name. Norman then runs into Mary\'s room and locks the door stating his mother is downstairs waiting to kill Mary. Mary tells him his mother is dead but Norman states he was wrong and that she is alive. Mary, who to herself thinks Lila is tormenting him, tries to convince him to confront her, but Norman refuses, claiming it is too dangerous, and tells her that he will protect her through the night. Meanwhile, Dr. Raymond discovers Mary\'s identity as Lila\'s daughter and informs Norman. He also orders the corpse of Norma Bates  to be exhumed, to prove that Norman is not being haunted by his mother. Mary admits to Norman that she has been part of Lila\'s ruse, and that while she now refuses to continue, Lila will not stop. Mary goes to Lila\'s hotel and tells her to leave Norman alone, mentioning the bloodied cloth and the peephole. Lila states her innocence, claiming she returned to her hotel after seeing Mary and their argument is overheard by a desk clerk. Lila tells Mary to dress up as "Mother" one last time to send him over the edge, which she refuses. Later, Lila drives over to Norman\'s house, unaware that Dr. Raymond is watching her from the Bates Motel as she sneaks into the cellar. While removing her "Mother" costume from a loose stone in the floor, another human figure dressed as "Mother" steps out of the shadows and shoves a knife into Lila\'s mouth. Dr. Raymond runs up to the house; Lila\'s body is not in the cellar and the "Mother" figure is gone. Norman enters the cellar and Dr. Raymond tells him about Lila and leaves the house to try and prove to Norman that Mary and Lila are the ones tormenting him. Meanwhile, Mary discovers that a car has been retrieved from the swamp, stunk with Toomey\'s dead body in the trunk. Realizing the police will shortly arrive to arrest Norman, Mary returns to warn him hysterically. The phone rings in the house. Norman answers, and starts speaking to his "mother" but it\'s actually Dr. Raymond who is calling Norman from the motel parlour telling him Lila used the office phone to place the calls but Norman believes he is still talking to his "mother". Mary listens in and discovers that nobody is on the line with Norman. Terrified that Norman has slipped back into insanity, Mary runs downstairs into the cellar and quickly dresses up as Mother to confront Norman and arms herself with a large butcher knife. She picks up the phone and tells Norman she\'s his mother and tells him to hang up. Dr. Raymond sneaks up and grabs her from behind as she is on top of the stairs calling out for Norman. She screams and plunges the knife into Dr. Raymond as he falls down the stairs to his death as the knife squishes into him further. A stunned Mary runs downstairs and is confronted by a completely deranged Norman, who promises to cover up for "Mother." A fearful Mary grabs the knife out of Dr. Raymond\'s body and warns Norman to stay away from her. Norman keeps walking towards her even after being repeatedly stabbed in the hands and chest. He backs Mary into the fruit cellar to hide and slips on a pile of coal, which avalanches away from the wall, revealing Lila\'s body hidden behind it. A shocked Mary is now convinced that Norman has been committing the murders. Norman denies doing any of the killings and thinks "Mother" committed them. She raises her knife to stab him but is shot dead by one of the incoming police deputies. The sheriff inaccurately places a story to the authorities believing Mary committed all the murders and killed Lila to protect Norman. That evening, a woman walks up the steps to the Bates\' mansion. Bandaged from his injuries, Norman has set a place for dinner when he hears a knock at the door. It is Emma Spool, the kindly woman from the diner. Norman gives her a cup of tea. Ms. Spool tells him that she is his real mother, that Mrs. Bates was her sister, who adopted Norman as an infant while Ms. Spool was institutionalized. She further reveals that she was the murderer, having killed anybody who tried to harm her son. As she sips the tea, Norman kills her with a sudden blow to the head with a shovel. Norman is now completely insane again. He carries Ms. Spool\'s body upstairs to Mother\'s room and we hear Mother\'s voice warn Norman not to play with "filthy girls". Norman reopens the Bates Motel and stands in front of the house, waiting for new customers. Thunder is heard and Mother watches from the window upstairs.'] ['The film opens as a couple named Tom and Gwen are in a national park and are attacked and taken hostage. Later Gwen is raped and impregnated while Tom is killed. Mark Till is a young CEO, a self-made sporting goods tycoon who sees human survival as a skill to be honed and cherished in the boardroom and beyond. That\'s why each year he sponsors a week-long survival getaway to test the mettle of twelve lucky employees, to challenge them, body and mind. This year it\'s a paintball war in the remote woods/ national park in northern California. Total outsiders to the wary locals, these urban Rambos think they\'re ready for anything. On the first day, the Alpha and Bravo camps are set up. In the night, one of Abby\'s team, Adam Benson hears a noise in the dark and goes to investigate, but sees nothing. The next day the Paintball War begins. A few minutes later a member of Abby\'s team pops a figure ambling through the woods. Score one for Alpha- until they realize that the person they hit isn\'t part of either team. While attempting to make it back to camp, the Beta team comes across an abandoned house. Inside they are attacked and kidnapped by men with primitive weapons such as axes and bows. The men who kidnapped them are part of an overzealous religious group, who have mistaken the team for FBI Agents, who have supposedly come to claim their land. The Alpha group return to their camp and find it ransacked and their gas siphoned off. As they try to find some gas, Johnny  spots two men across the lake from their campsite. One points and the other shoots Johnny through the neck, killing him instantly. The others try to make a break for it and manage to escape. Adam then attempts to contact the Park Ranger, but his call is intercepted by one of the cult and he and the others are captured by a man posing as a Park Ranger. Maggie  is shown with the leader of the cult , who tells her the cult\'s camp is her home now. When Maggie resists, she is taken away and raped by Mother\'s biological son, a large beast-like man. Gwen, the woman who was captured at the beginning of the film, is now shown to be pregnant, and a servant to the cultist group. Lee  is also taken and prepared to be used as a vessel for Mother\'s son\'s "seed", while the boys are put in to cages and brutalized by the males in the cult. The fake ranger, who appears to be Mother\'s husband and the Cult\'s protector, takes Adam and tortures him, attempting to get information about the FBI\'s plans. When Adam resists, he sends one of the other cult members to finish him off. As his throat is about to be slit, Adam breaks free of his ropes, and attacks and kills his would-be murderer. He then sets the surviving team members  free. They escape, killing several cult members along the way, and rescue the girls. Maggie is hysterical after her ordeal. The group escapes with Lee, who seduced Mother\'s son into setting her free with touches and kisses, and a good kick in the face. The survivors are pursued by the cultists. After setting fire to the compound, they are cornered outside it. As they are about to be executed, they turn the tables, taking Mother hostage. Basso is killed and the others escape, severely injuring and killing several cultists, including Mother. Later, Perry falls prey to a tripwire-rigged trap, impaling him through the gut. Although painful, he manages to survive long enough to kill off several more cultists and give the others the time they need to get away, after which his head is bashed in by Mother\'s son. Lee, Maggie and Adam make it up to a mountain where Maggie, who is now delusional from the trauma, commits suicide by jumping off the cliff. Lee and Adam escape by jumping into a river and swimming to the shore, where they meet the real Park Ranger. Then Mother\'s husband, her son, and another cultist arrive in a truck and shoot the Ranger with an arrow. Adam then takes his gun and shoots both the cultists. Mother\'s husband attempts to run Adam down, but collides with the Ranger\'s truck. Adam shoots him as he begs for help. Much later, the FBI and the Police arrive, giving medical attention to Adam and Lee. Adam is disturbed to hear that only two bodies were recovered from the final confrontation. An FBI team treks through the forest, searching for the cult, when Gwen comes out of a cave, having finally escaped herself. As the agent leading the group walks toward her, Gwen shouts for her to run. The head agent is taken by surprise by Mother\'s son, who has survived the gunshot wounds, and the movie ends.'] ["{{advert}} A secret government lab run by Dr. Stravinsky  has been trying to create the ultimate killer using the DNA of infamous killers Jeffrey Dahmer  and John Wayne Gacy , but there's one big problem: they've escaped. Bloody mayhem stretches across the United States as they go on the ultimate killing spree. Trying to stop the maniacal madness is Ringo , a hick warrior being trained by God , using only a shotgun and a bottle of whiskey. In his road trip to hell, he must first fight off his own demons, not to mention an army of Japanese ninjas and a super serial killer . It all leads up to the ultimate showdown."] ['As the film begins, we see an unknown person in a dark boiler room create a glove with razor-sharp knives embedded in the fingers. High school student Tina Gray  has a disturbing nightmare in which she is stalked through the boiler room by a severely burned figure with the bladed glove on his right hand. When he finally catches her, she awakens screaming in her own bed. However her nightgown has four slashes in it, identical to the ones given to her in the dream by the unknown man\'s razors, and is less than convinced it was just a nightmare. The next day, Nancy Thompson  recalls a nursery rhyme from Tina\'s description when they meet up with Nancy\'s boyfriend, Glen Lantz . Tina\'s boyfriend Rod Lane  shows up as well. Nancy admits she also had a bad dream and all of them dismiss the topic of the nightmare, though Tina is visibly disturbed. That night, Nancy and Glen go to Tina\'s house because her mother is out of town and Tina is still troubled by her nightmare. Tina describes the killer in her dream, which intrigues Nancy who adds to the description having seen the same killer herself, also getting Glen\'s silent attention. Rod crashes the party and he and Tina have sex while Glen and Nancy sleep in adjoining rooms. Rod also tells Tina he\'s been having nightmares, but neither of them think about it and go to sleep. Once asleep, Tina is once again stalked by the hideous figure, who taunts her repeatedly before attacking. This time, he catches and murders her. Her struggles awaken Rod who watches Tina get slashed by the glove and dragged up the wall and across the ceiling, screaming his name and alerting the others before she falls dead onto the bed. Because Rod was the only one in the same room as Tina, he is suspected of the murder and is arrested the next day. While at school, Nancy has a terrifying nightmare in class where she is attacked by the same figure that killed Tina. Nancy leaves the school early and goes to the jail to talk to Rod, who describes what he saw the night Tina was killed, which reminded him of his own nightmares where he was also stalked by the figure wearing the glove. To her shock, Nancy realizes that Rod did not kill Tina and leaves. Later, she begs Glen to watch her while she sleeps so she can investigate her dreams further. Glen hesitates, but accepts. When Nancy goes to sleep, she sees the killer enter Rod\'s jail cell and suspects that Rod is in danger. When she wakes up, she and Glen rush to the police station only to find Rod dead, hung by his own bed sheets. Everybody, except Nancy, believes that he committed suicide. At Rod\'s funeral, Nancy\'s mother, Marge Thompson  insists on getting her psychiatric help. But while at the clinic to evaluate her dreams, she has a violent encounter and awakens with a streak of white in her hair. Much to her horror, she also pulls the killer\'s battered hat out of the dream with her, which she recognizes. Marge begins to drink heavily and installs security bars on all the windows and the door. She reveals to Nancy that the owner of the hat and the burned figure from her nightmares is a man named Freddy Krueger . Years ago, he was arrested after murdering 20 children, but due to a technicality , he was released. Soon after, the enraged parents of the murdered children took the law into their hands by burning Freddy alive. It now appears that he is exacting revenge against the parents that killed him from beyond the grave by killing their children from within their dreams. Nancy tells this to Glen, who advises her to turn her back on her fear and to take the energy of the killer away from him, but she plans to pull Freddy from the dreamworld where she and Glen can gang up on him and surrender him to the authorities. However, both Glen and Nancy\'s parents lock them inside their respective houses, keeping them from meeting. Glen later falls asleep and is killed when Freddy pulls him into his bed and he is regurgitated as a geyser of blood. Nancy then receives a phone call from Freddy, who tells her: "I\'m your boyfriend now, Nancy.", indicating that he has killed Glen. Still unable to get her father to believe her, she tells Don to break down the door of her house in 20 minutes and then goes to sleep to hunt down Freddy. She finds him in her last few minutes of sleep and gets hold of him when her alarm goes off. When she doesn\'t see him at first, she thinks she\'s gone crazy, but Freddy eventually appears, and the two face-off. Nancy proves to be a match for him, setting up several booby traps and making him fall into every one, then lighting him on fire and trapping him in the basement to call her father. Don and his department arrive to put out the fires. He and Nancy then follow a trail of footsteps up to Marge\'s room and discover Freddy smothering her with his flaming body. They knock him out but he disappears, leaving the body of Marge Thompson vanishing slowly into the bed. Nancy sends her father from the room and turns her back as Freddy rises from the bed. She proclaims she is no longer afraid of him, causing him to lose his powers. Freddy lunges forward as she walks out of the room and vanishes. Nancy steps out into daylight from her front door and her mother appears well and sober, promising to stop drinking as her friends pull up in Glen\'s car. Suddenly, the roof clamps shut; the material an exact match to Freddy\'s sweater; and the car starts moving of its own accord. The film ends with Nancy screaming as she is driven off with her friends and we see Freddy pull Marge through the front door\'s window.'] ['A female mental patient  believing she is the reincarnated soul mate of Jack the Ripper, terrorizes her psychiatrist , whom she believes is her reincarnated lover. Determined to find her man, and willing to use her sensuality to get to him, she breaks out of the mental institution and is determined to, at any cost, free him of his wife  and young daughter to restart their previous work as mass murderers, and lovers.'] ["Mr. Rabbey, the host of a children's television show, is every boys' and girls' favorite. But unknown to everyone, when he hears stories from the kids who watch his show about the abuse they suffer at the hands of their parents, he starts visiting the parents and murdering them. Eventually, the police begin to suspect him of the murders."] ['Edward Tor Swenson  is a film cutter for the Loose Limbs horror film series. He slowly goes insane editing the gory scenes and goes on his own rampage as Evil Ed, beating the friendly filmgeek Nick  up, taking his girlfriend hostage and having a shootout with special forces lead by Gert Fylking.'] ["During his murder spree, Jeffrey Dahmer  conducts sadistic experiments on his victims before he murders them. He killed one man this way in Bath, Ohio and sixteen men in the metropolitan area of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. At the same time, he rationalizes his crimes with the divorce of his parents and his emotionally isolated childhood. Nevertheless, he can't stop inviting more and more young men from bars and clubs to his home, where he kills them. Only when the young Rodney  escapes from Dahmer's apartment are the authorities able to arrest him."] ["{{plot}} The film opens with a group of scientists being killed by a mutant, Pluto. A few years later, Ethel Carter  and her husband, Bob Carter  are traveling from Cleveland, Ohio to San Diego, California. Along with them is their daughter Brenda , son Bobby , eldest daughter Lynn , her husband Doug Bukowski , their baby Catherine , and the German Shepherds, Beauty and Beast. They encounter a gas station attendant, Fred , who gives the family's car gas and gives them some advice for their trip. After driving a few miles, the tires are punctured by a hidden barb belt. Bob returns to the petrol station for a tow truck. Beauty runs into the hills and Bobby chases after her, eventually finding her carcass. Frightened, he runs, slips and falls, going unconscious. A young female mutant named Ruby  comes across him and is intrigued, while her brother Goggle  chews on the dead dog. When Bob reaches the petrol station, he finds the hysterical attendant, Fred, who ultimately commits suicide. In fear, Bob tries to flee but gets attacked by the mutant leader, Papa Jupiter . He is carried off into the mining caves by Jupiter, along with Jupiter's eldest son, Lizard , and Pluto. When Bobby awakes, he returns and does not tell his family of Beauty. As the family tries to sleep, Pluto sneaks into the trailer and attempts to rape Brenda. The others discover that Bob has been tied to a tree and set on fire. Doug unties Bob, but he is already dead by then. Lizard slips inside the trailer, throws Pluto off, and rapes Brenda himself. Lynn returns to the trailer and is greeted by Lizard and Pluto, who are holding Catherine and Brenda. Lizard tears Lynn's blouse, removes her bra and begins drinking milk from her breasts. Ethel attempts to pulverize Lizard but he shoots her. After Lizard shoots her mother, Lynn, attempting to fight back, stabs Lizard in the leg with a screwdriver. Lizard, grimacing in pain,non-chalantly points the gun at Lynn's head, shooting her and killing her. The gun is out of bullets before Lizard can shoot Brenda, and he and Pluto flee with Catherine. Doug and Bobby return to the trailer and discover the bodies. After this, the mutant Goggle is spying on the Carter family, and he is attacked by Beast, who rips open his throat, killing him. Beast also tears off Goggle's arm, which still has the walkie-talkie that Goggle uses, he takes the arm back to the Carter family later. The next morning, Doug goes off in pursuit of their attackers. He finds an abandoned nuclear testing village and enters the house where Catherine is kept. He is knocked unconscious by Big Mama , and awakes in an icebox filled with human body parts. He frees himself and tries to find Catherine, only to encounter Big Brain . Big Brain tells him the story of the mutants, who were mutated by the fallout from the nuclear tests. Doug is then attacked by Pluto and loses two fingers in the ensuing struggle. He momentarily distracts Pluto and then, stabs his foot with a blade, impales his throat with a U.S. flag, and kills him with the blade of his own axe. Doug surprises the mutant Cyst  outside and uses Pluto's axe to kill him, while Big Brain is ultimately killed by Beast. Lizard takes a cleaver and prepares to kill Catherine, but finds that instead of Catherine, it is a pig. Ruby takes Catherine and runs into the hills; Lizard chases her, enraged by her deceit. Doug starts chasing Ruby as well. At the trailer, Ethel's body is dragged into the hills and Bobby finds Papa Jupiter eating Ethel's heart. Jupiter pursues Bobby to the trailer, where Brenda releases gas from the propane tanks. Bobby binds Papa Jupiter's hand to the window and he and Brenda escape. The trailer then explodes. In the hills, Ruby is about to return Catherine to Doug when Lizard attacks. Lizard hits Doug with the spike strip repeatedly, apparently knocking Doug out. Lizard catches back up to Ruby but Doug comes and brutally beats him with the shotgun, with which he shoots him 3 times. Ruby gives Catherine back to Doug, who does not notice Lizard stand up, having survived. Ruby throws herself at Lizard, plunging them over a cliff, to stop Lizard from shooting Doug and Catherine, and sacrificing herself in the process. Bobby and Brenda walk through the ruins of the trailer and find Papa Jupiter still alive, though impaled. Brenda kills Papa Jupiter with a pickaxe and then spots Doug with Catherine and Beast. The four are reunited. As they celebrate their apparent victory, a pair of anonymous binoculars watches from the hills."] ["A magazine editor named Dorine is called upon to do late work; her computer breaks down and she asks the help of a co-worker, Gary Michaels, who is electrocuted while trying to fix the wires. Dorine dials 911, but hangs up when the call is answered. She places the corpse on a cart, rolls it down to her car, loads it in her trunk, and takes it home, placing it in her basement. Then, seemingly without reason, she goes into a murder spree. She begins her spree by murdering another office worker, but later murders two young Girl Scouts who arrive at her door to sell cookies. The young girls join the other corpses in the basement, and Dorine is seen eating the cookies while working on her new laptop. Dorine sends messages from Gary to the remaining office workers, implying he is alive and has left the office or his wife. There are three more murders before the movie ends, all artistically executed. The last scene shows Dorine, after her mother's death, setting fire to her basement, then, sporting a blond wig and makeup, driving away in her car, and circling a newspaper ad with her pencil for an office job."] ["Anne Barron  is a teacher's aide at the Jack-N-Jill Daycare Center in Boston. It's the early evening and the last child has been picked up by her mother. Anne is relaxing on the playground carousel when someone pulls up on a motorcycle, wearing a pink helmet. She is startled as the stranger pulls out a kukri and starts spinning the carousel. The kukri is held up in the air and the terrified woman goes around and around - until she's struck with it. Judd Austin  is the cop assigned to the case. He is called to the scene and when he gets there, he sees a gruesome sight. The girl was decapitated and her head was put in a bucket of water nearby. The distraught director of the center tells the officer that Anne worked there during the day - and was attending night classes at Wendell College. At the hospital, Judd and his partner Taj  discuss a similar case from the previous week. Another girl was found decapitated and her head was dumped in a pond. They wonder if there's any connection between the two murders. At Wendell, the administrator Miss Helene Griffin  tells Judd that Anne was close to a girl named Kim Morrison . When asked if Anne had a boyfriend, Kim tells the officer that the murdered girl was indeed involved with someone but she doesn't know who it was. She assumes the man must have been married as he was depressed. Judd enters Professor Millett's anthropology class to speak with him about his murdered student in French. The professor doesn't offer much information but he introduces Judd to an exchange student named Eleanor Adjai . Eleanor leaves the school and goes to the local diner operated by Gus  who yells at Gary with his Greek accent to take out the garbage, but Gary is fixated on Eleanor. There, she is creeped out by Gary , the busboy who appears to have mental issues. Carol , the waitress asks Eleanor if she's in Millet's class and implies that he sleeps around, irritating Eleanor and she leaves. Gary follows her home. When she realizes this, she runs the rest of the way and quickly locks the door. She gets into the shower but someone is trying to break in. Frightened, she gets out of the shower, only to find that it's her boyfriend who had been locked out by accident. That boyfriend is Professor Millett. Anne's friend Kim is working at the local aquarium. About to leave work, she takes off her diving suit and is attacked and savagely killed with the Kukri. A woman looking at the sea turtles screams when she sees Kim's head fall to the bottom of the tank. Judd pays a visit to Professor Millett and is surprised to see Eleanor, but she explains that she is the professor's research assistant. The officer then informs Millett that a second student of his has been killed - and asks him if he has had any affairs with his pupils. Millett is annoyed at this line of questioning and tells Judd to leave. Eleanor and Millett get into an argument and she goes to the diner to be alone. The professor follows her and she tells him that she is three months pregnant. He's sympathetic although he still manages to flirt with Carol as she waits on them. After the diner has closed, Carol is left to clean up. When the power goes out, she heads to the basement to investigate. The killer is after her and she is attacked with the machete. Carol manages to get outside but she is caught in an alley and mutilated. When one of the workers shows up the next day, he thinks someone has broken into the diner. A customer finds hair in his bowl of stew, Carol's head is discovered in a sink filled with water - and her body is found in a dumpster. Judd and Taj go to Gus's home since he is now considered a prime suspect. But Judd doesn't really believe the troubled man was involved. When Judd goes to Professor Millett's home again, he is surprised to find a collection of skulls taken from tribal head hunters around the world. Eleanor doesn't see anything wrong with this however. At Wendell, Miss Griffin tells Millett to stop sleeping around with his students and she counsels Kathy, who confesses that she too has been intimate with the professor. Miss Griffin, however, seems to have her own ideas about Kathy and she invites the girl to spend the night at her house and the two of them sleep together. The young student is not entirely comfortable but she is enjoying the company. Miss Griffin is killed when she gets up to answer the phone and Kathy is murdered shortly after she finds the older woman's head in the toilet. Judd is on his way to speak to Miss Griffin when he sees the killer fleeing. He chases the psycho to Professor's Millett's apartment. Taking off the helmet, the killer is revealed to be Eleanor. She confesses the killings to her lover and justifies the crimes by comparing them to tribal rituals he teaches in his courses. As the police are closing in, Millett puts on the helmet and flees on his motorcycle to deflect attention from his pregnant girlfriend. During a high speed chase with Judd and Taj, the professor is struck and killed. Eleanor attends his burial and the police believe the case has been solved."] ['Sunday, March 3, 1946. In the small town of Texarkana, Arkansas, Sammy and Linda Mae are out parking in a car. The car hood pops open and a man wearing a hood over his face takes something from the engine. Sammy realizes that someone is out there and fruitlessly tries starting the car as the hooded man breaks the drivers side car window with a pipe and pulls Sammy out. Linda Mae screams, and the man goes for her as well. Linda Mae is found lying severely wounded on the side of the road the following morning and both she and Sammy are taken to a nearby hospital. A doctor tells Deputy Ramsey and Sheriff Barker that Linda Mae was "bitten" and "literally chewed" on different parts of her body by the assailant. Police Chief Sullivan asks about the Lovers Lane Case and he tells the other officers to warn people about parking on lonely roads. Ramsey states his belief that the mysterious person will strike again. On March 24, Howard and his girlfriend, Emma Lou, go out driving in the rain. After hearing gunshots, Ramsey, patrolling in his car, finds Howard\'s parked car, but no one around. Ramsey hears more gunshots and in the woods he finds Howard and Emma Lou, both dead, having been shot several times. The hooded killer gets in the parked car and drives away. Since the killer, now known as "The Phantom", seems to have no motive the townspeople begin to dread sundown. A few days later, Ramsey goes to the nearby train station to meet Captain Morales, a famous criminal investigator and Texas Ranger who arrives in Texarkana to find the killer. Morales has the officers set up a curfew for the entire town. Many people are on the case, including the FBI who arrive in town to assist. But a number of criminals and crazy people come forward admitting to the murders, while a horde of other citizens are demanding protection. Ramsey tells Morales that on April 14, 21 more days after the second attack, the killer may strike again. Morales sets up decoys . That very night at the local Junior and High Schools Prom, many people leaving under the watchful eyes of the police officers nearby. Peggy gets her trombone and leaves with her boyfriend Roy. Roy suggests parking at their favorite spot, despite Peggy\'s wariness over the recent murders. After making out, the two of them nod off and wake up in their car at 2:40 in the morning. As Roy starts the car and begins to drive away, the Phantom jumps on their car, grabs Roy and causes both of them to fall out. The Phantom whacks Roy on the head with a pistol and chases Peggy down, and ties her to a tree. A dazed Roy gets up and tries to run away, but the killer shoots him dead. The killer gets Peggy\'s trombone, attaches a knife to the end and "plays" the instrument, stabbing Peggy in the back a few times, killing her. The next day, Morales is upset that the Phantom was able to kill again with all the law officers out looking for him. In a nearby diner, Morales, Ramsey and the group talk to Dr. Kress, who says that the Phantom is apparently motivated by a strong sex drive and will probably not get caught. He also says that the killings are like a game to the Phantom. Morales asks the doctor if the killer is insane, in which Dr. Kress replies "oh, yes!" At a nearby table, an unseen man,  stands up and walks out of the diner unnoticed after he has apparently heard everything the officers were talking about. Back at the station, Morales talk to a man named Johnson, who says that he was held at gunpoint by a man claiming to have killed five people. Morales and Ramsey get a call about an armed man. They spot him speeding away from a store and chase him down. The man, Eddie, is arrested after they find that he is driving a stolen car. Johnson identifies him as the man with the gun. Under interrogation, Eddie says that he is the Phantom, but Morales does not believe him and correctly suspects that Eddie is just another nutcase who wants to confess to being the killer in order to gain publicity and fame. On Friday, May 3, Helen Reed drives away after grocery shopping and is unknowingly followed by the unseen killer who is identified by his familiar boots. While she is at home in a remote farmhouse, her husband, Floyd, in the living room, is sitting in an armchair reading a newspaper when the Phantom walks up to the window and shoots him twice with a silenced pistol. Helen only hears the breaking glass and enters the living room to see Floyd fall out of his chair to the floor dead with two bullet wounds in the back of his head and neck. Helen runs to a phone to call the police when the killer bursts into the house though the front door and shoots Helen twice in the face. While the Phantom enters the living room to look at Floyd\'s dead body, Helen, despite having a through-and-through bullet wound through her mouth and right cheek, and grazed by the second bullet on her head, manages to crawl out of the house through the back door and stumbles into a cornfield. The Phantom follows her out with a pick axe. After a cat-and-mouse game of hiding in the cornfield, Helen gets to a nearby house and bangs on the door and windows yelling for help. A concerned farmer, armed with a shotgun, comes out to help her in. The killer, seeing the man with a gun, angrily flees. The next day, Ramsey and Morales get a call about an abandoned car that fits the description of the car Ramsey saw that rainy night. They find the car and they get some shotguns from their police car and run off into the woods to look for the Phantom. They find the Phantom walking around an old quarry with the hood still on him. Morales and Ramsey chase the Phantom through the woods to railroad tracks where the Phantom jumps over the tracks and a moving train gets between them. Morales fires under the moving train and hits the killer in his left leg. The Phantom manages to stumble away into the woods on the other side of the tracks. Over the next few days, police officers and Bloodhound dogs search the woods and the nearby swamps, but the wounded killer is not found. Afterwards, the killings stop, but the fear continues to this day. The voice-over narrator explains that no one ever found out what happened to the Phantom.'] ['The revelation of his own former humanity in Hellraiser II has resulted in the Cenobite named Pinhead being split into two distinct entities: His former self, World War I British Army Captain Eliot Spencer, and a manifestation of Spencer\'s id, which takes on the form of Pinhead. While Spencer ends up in limbo, Pinhead is trapped, along with the puzzle box, amongst the writhing figures and distorted faces etched into the surface of an intricately carved pillar&nbsp;— the Pillar of Souls. The pillar is bought by the rich and spoiled J.P. Monroe , owner of a popular nightclub called The Boiler Room. During her investigation, an ambitious young television reporter, Joey Summerskill ([[Terry Farrell , slowly begins to learn about Pinhead and the mysterious puzzle box. Joey is introduced to the pain the box can bring when she views a teenage club-goer being ripped apart by the box\'s chains in a hospital emergency room. Joey tracks the box and a young woman named Terri  to The Boiler Room nightclub. Terri had previously stolen the box from the nightclub. Video tape interviews are recovered from the Channard Institute of one of Pinhead\'s former victims Kirsty Cotton. Joey and Terri learn through the videos about the demonic Cenobites and the power of the Lament Configuration puzzle box and that it is the only means of sending Pinhead back to Hell. Pinhead remains dormant until one night several hooked chains shoot out of the pillar and rip into one of the club goers, Sandy , whom Monroe had just recently slept with. After killing Sandy, Pinhead consumes her flesh and her distorted face appears on the pillar. Pinhead convinces Monroe to bring him more club members so he can feed on them and be freed from the pillar. Meanwhile, Joey is contacted by the spirit of Eliot Spencer, who tells her that this "Pinhead" is a separate entity than the one encountered by Kirsty previously. Without Spencer\'s humanity to act as a balancing influence, this Pinhead is completely evil and has no sense of order. Rather than abide by the laws of the Cenobite realm, he will indiscriminately wreak havoc on Earth for his own pleasure unless he is stopped. In order to defeat him, Joey must reunite Spencer\'s spirit with Pinhead, fusing them back into a single entity. At the climax of the film, Pinhead and Joey confront each other in a boiler room. The "Pinhead" demon tells Joey to give him the box, she then breaks away and begins to flee. Pinhead resurrects the corpses of his victims into Cenobites, but they are then quickly sent to hell. Joey finds herself in a heaven like realm and comes face to face with an apparition who appears to be her dead father. The apparition tells Joey to give him the Lament Configuration, aka the puzzle box, and is revealed to be Pinhead in disguise. Pinhead catches her in machinery and prepares to turn her into a cenobite, but is confronted by Spencer\'s spirit who forcibly fuses himself into Pinhead. Joey breaks free and stabs Pinhead, sending him back to hell. With Pinhead\'s humanity restored, Joey buries the Puzzle Box in cement. The final scene of the film shows a new building built where Joey buried the box, with the interior design of the building being the same as the Lament Configuration .'] ['When Max Taylor  wins the ancestral home of Callum Chance  in a game of poker, little does he realise that the game is far from over. After moving into the ancestral home with his family the nightmare begins after Max spins a wheel of chance, . It lands upon lose, and this awakens a demonic creature that lives in the soil of the ancestral home. Soon, one by one, Max\'s family are murdered by this strange creature known as the Funny Man , a Mr Punch-like jester with a varied and imaginative repertoire of homicidal techniques and a highly irreverent sense of humour. This sense of humour is shared with the audience. He is the only character that addresses the audience directly, as in a pantomime. He kills off Max\'s wife and both kids in gruesome yet humorous ways. Meanwhile Max\'s brother, Johnny Taylor , is on his way to the mansion with a bunch of hitchhikers who will be lucky to survive the night. Among the hitchhikers is a voodoo woman  who after using tarot cards later learns about the awakening of the Funny Man. At first, after arriving at the ancestral home, everything seems fine. But the Funny Man has made his targets, and his evil game has begun. It soon becomes a Scooby-Doo Rock\'n\'Roll madhouse with bizarre scenes, gruesome kills and lots of humorous moments. "Just remember, there\'s no rest for the wicked."'] ["Celebrity Jake Tanner  travels to a small town to film a reality TV-show about the towns hockey team. However, town local Jaynie  is soon murdered, being decapitated by a piece of wire hung up between two trees, but the murder is passed off as an accident. Jake meets with the shows producers, Lee  who now want to investigate the murder. As Jake goes to the local high school, he meets Keir , part of the shows crew, who believes Jaynie was murdered and suspects the hockey teams coach, Coach Carhartt . Jake meets the rest of the crew, including Mike , Daphne , Luke ([[Al Santos  and Greg  while also meeting the team captain, Vance  and head cheerleader Erin . Meanwhile, cheerleading coach Mrs Falls  is murdered by a masked killer, who drags her into a circular saw. The crew interview Vance, who swears he will get vengeance on whoever murdered Jaynie. Controversial celebrity Blanca Champion  soon arrives with her assistant Nik  to work on the show. The crew travel to meet Jaynie's father, Coach Hansen , who recently was released from prison for the murder of his wife. Hansen becomes angered however, and forces the crew to leave. While back at the school, Connor  tells Jake that Jaynie's death was not an accident. That night, the crew go to a bar, and discover of Mrs Falls death, but again the locals pass the death off as an accident, before Coach Hansen turns up and warns the crew away from the town. The next day, Lee fall out as Lee is changing the show to center around the deaths of the locals. Nick is sent to Coach Hansen's house to retrieve equipment that was left there previously. On arrival, Nick finds Coach Hansen dead, before the killer butchers Nick with a pickaxe. After Erin and Blanca have an argument, Blanca attempts to leave the town but realizes there is no signal for mobile phones in the town. After the crew film a hockey match, the crew go to the bar, but Luke remains behind to work out. He is attacked by the killer, who chops off his hand before finally stabbing him to death. Daphne decides to leave the bar, but while on her way home she discovers Greg's car. She stops and investigates, only to find Greg's throat slit. The killer then turns up and kidnaps her. The next day, the remaining crew discover of their missing co-workers, causing arguments between the survivors. Lee goes down to the boiler room where she finds the killer is filming the murders using the aid of a lipstick camera. Before she can warn the others though, the killer hangs her. After more filming, Jake, Blanca and Keir go back to a cabin to find the others. However, they find footage of Daphne being captured. They go back to the school and drop Blanca off so she can contact help on a Cb radio, while Jake and Keir go to where Daphne was captured. Meanwhile, Phoebe is in a local shop when she is attacked by the killer. She hides until Coach Carhart arrives and the pair flee to the coaches car. As they are about to leave, the killer slices open the coaches neck, while Phoebe runs to the school. The killer catches up with her though and strangles her to death. Jake and Keir discover the killers lair in the forest, but as they are about to leave Jake steps on a bear trap, so Keir leaves for help. Back at the school, Blanca fails to get help from the radio but finds Connor down in the boiler room, who shows Blanca a video the killer has made devoted to her. As the pair are leaving the school, they discover Daphne's dead body. Blanca soon becomes locked in a room, but Connor escapes. Keir arrives, but the killer quickly knocks her out, before finding Blanca. She escapes the room through the vents, but is confronted by the killer who is revealed to be an obsessed Mike, who murdered everyone to be close to her. Keir attempts to save Blanca, but Mike stabs her, however Jake, Vance and Connor arrive and shoot Mike. The next morning, the police arrive and put Mikes body in a body bag. Jake finds out Keir survived being stabbed, however soon discovers Mike was wearing a bullet proof vest and has escaped."] ["{{Expand section}} Albert  has tried to kill his rich snobbish mother once, for which he was institutionalized. Now, he's escaped, and Albert is after his mother once again, stopping only to form a friendship  with Annie , the 11-year old daughter of his mother's housekeeper."] ["John Wayne Gacy  seemed to be a model citizen. He even volunteered as a clown for the children at the local hospital, but he kept a gruesome secret. A trail of missing young men led to Gacy's suburban home. The nation watched in horror as, one by one, the details of over 30 murders came to light and most of the victims, entombed in the crawl space underneath his house, were unearthed. John Wayne Gacy had been one of the most famous killers in the whole country."] ["Ivan Mozer , a serial killer who has been convicted of the rape, torture and murder of 23 people; although, at his execution, he boasts of having killed 24. Mozer is sentenced to death by electrocution,which fails during a power outage caused by a riot . It was presumed by the prison staff that Mozer had been killed in the riots, however he manages to escape. The prison subsequently is abandoned. Mozer had been living within the closed prison's walls with the assistance of his father, who was employed by the state to guard the abandoned prison. 18 months later, a film crew sets their sights on the now closed prison for the filming of an exploitation film titled Death House Dollies. They discover that not only did Mozer survive his electrocution due to something in his DNA make up making him a genetic freak. But the electrical energy has made him half-alive  and thereby has Spontaneous regeneration."] ['Police officer Frank Spivey ([[Steven Weber  is eating lunch in his squad car when he happens upon a crazed man with a meat cleaver forcing a young woman  onto the ground. When Spivey intervenes, the man tells Spivey that he "doesn\'t know what she is," forcing Spivey to shoot the man before he kills her. As he begins to console her, he first notices that although she has an attractive body, her face is horrifically disfigured. Despite his initial revulsion, she cuddles into his arms and he finds himself affectionately drawn to her. At the police station his partner continues to kid on about the whole situation, trying to get him to forget about the shooting and the female. Still oddly drawn to her, Spivey excuses himself from his partner. That night he goes home and his wife Ruby , attempts to console him after learning of the shooting. As they begin to make love, he keeps picturing the woman and begins to anally rape his wife. She eventually forces him off her as he has lost himself in his fantasy of the woman. The next day, after a female detective interrogates the mystery woman, the detective relates to Spivey that the girl\'s name is probably Jenifer, since it was on a note in the man\'s pocket, and that she is mute and most likely retarded. Spivey visits Jenifer at the mental hospital to check on her. A male orderly comments that she has been frightening the male staff. When he enters her room, she is still in the shower and runs to embrace him despite being completely nude. Frank takes her to his home because he can find nowhere else that will take her. That night he dreams of a non-disfigured Jenifer seducing him, when he awakes she\'s standing in the room, and his wife and his son Pete  first experience her with varying degrees of disgust. His wife issues an ultimatum that it will be her or Jenifer staying there, so he again goes out to search for a place to take her. This time instead of looking, he is seduced by Jenifer in his car. When he brings her home she frightens away Frank\'s wife and son, devours his cat, and murders and eats his young neighbor Amy . Frank finally attempts to get a circus worker to kidnap her and put her in his freak show. When he arrives home, he finds Jenifer covered in blood and the circus worker dead in his refrigerator. Frank takes Jenifer and flees to an abandoned cabin in the woods where she hopefully can\'t hurt anyone. Frank gets a job at a small market and begins to slip out of Jenifer\'s spell. One day however, Jenifer spies him with the attractive owner of the store and follows the shop owner\'s son to a party. There she lures him into the woods and seduces him. Much like Frank he is repulsed by her face, but makes no effort to turn her away. In looking for Jenifer in the cabin cellar, Frank discovers her devouring the boy and snaps. Grabbing her by the hair he forces her through the woods to kill her. Just as he\'s about to strike her down a deer hunter shoots and kills Frank. Frank\'s last words are Jenifer as the deer hunter moves to comfort her... just as Frank had done.'] ["{{Plot}} The film opens with an animated prologue revealing the origins of leprechauns, stating that they were summoned by a king to protect his gold. After the death of the king the Leprechauns returned to their places of origin, all except one  who remained in the mortal world and through the ages slowly became corrupted and obsessed with the treasure he still guarded. In the present, Father Jacob  is chased through the construction site of the youth center he had planned on building by the Leprechaun, whose gold Jacob had taken to fund the building project. Using four-leaf clover laced holy water Jacob manages to banish the Leprechaun, summoning demonic hands which drag him underground, but soon after drops dead of injuries inflicted by the Leprechaun during the fight. One year later, two friends, Emily Woodrow  and Lisa Duncan , have their fortune told when the clairvoyant Esmeralda  who warns them that they will attain great wealth soon, but it must be denied as it will come at a great price and summon a terrible evil. While having a barbecue at the abandoned youth center construction site with Lisa, their stoner friend Jamie Davis  and her ex-boyfriend-turned-drug dealer Rory Jackson , Emily falls through a hole and discovers the Leprechaun's gold in an old tunnel where it was hidden by Father Jacob. Evenly splitting up the gold, the quartet of friends use it to fulfill their fantasies, unaware that by taking the gold they have released the Leprechaun, who begins stalking the group . At the salon where Emily works the Leprechaun sneaks in and, after killing a regular customer, Doria, on the massage table by breaking her neck, attacks Emily, who barely escapes and warns Rory and the recently released Jamie, who rush to get to Lisa's. In her house, Lisa is attacked by the Leprechaun and manages to fight him off for a short while, but is killed when the Leprechaun claws her in the stomach, with her friends finding her body moments later. While Emily and Jamie want to return the gold, Rory does not and takes off with it; shortly after realizing Rory is gone, Emily is attacked and chased outside by the Leprechaun, but is saved when Rory has a change of heart and comes back for her. Searching for Rory the Leprechaun stops by his house and kills Rory's profligate girlfriend Chanel  by tearing out her upper jaw, reclaiming the gold she used to make a tooth while Rory and Emily are stopped and harassed by Officers Thompson  and Whitaker . After the Leprechaun appears and kills the two officers, Emily and Rory escape and regroup with Jamie, only to be confronted by a machine gun wielding group of Rory's drug-dealing rivals, led by Watson  and Cedric . Planning on executing Rory for infringing on their territory, Watson and his gang are all disposed of by the Leprechaun, while Emily, Rory and Jamie drive off in Watson's car  and go looking for help from Esmeralda. Advised to use four-leaf clovers against the Leprechaun by Esmeralda, Rory laces the hollow-point bullets of his gun with clovers Jamie finds in the marijuana Rory had earlier sold him. When the Leprechaun arrives, Rory shoots him several times with the clover bullets, only for his gun to jam before he can finish the Leprechaun off. Rory and Emily are given the chance to run with the gold when the Leprechaun is distracted by Jamie, who is quickly wounded with a baseball bat to the leg, and Esmeralda dies in a magical duel with the Leprechaun. Followed to the roof of the building, Rory tries fighting the Leprechaun and is knocked out, though before the Leprechaun can kill him, Emily taunts him by throwing some of his gold into nearby wet cement and lures him into the ruins of the youth center, where she tosses his gold into a furnace before knocking the Leprechaun in with it. Believing the Leprechaun is dead, Emily returns to Rory, only for the recovered Leprechaun to renew his attack on them. Knocking Emily off the roof and leaving her barely holding on, the Leprechaun taunts her, but is shot several times in the middle of his speech by Rory, who had fixed his gun. Shooting the Leprechaun repeatedly, Rory runs out of bullets, but distracts him long enough for Emily to hit the Leprechaun with the chest of coins, sending him plummeting off the rooftop and into the wet cement below, where the Leprechaun sinks and becomes trapped with his gold. The movie then cuts back to the animated prologue like the one at the beginning, and the Leprechaun digs himself out of the ground, leaving a cliffhanger ending."] ['The film concerns a young lady named Amber, who dreams of escaping her small town existence. She therefore persuades her friends, Peter, Suzy, Eric, Fiona and Ray to accompany her to find an apartment in the big city, Chicago. Unfortunately, the vehicle transporting Amber and her friends to Chicago breaks down and as a consequence they gratefully accept a ride in the back of a semi driven by a "blatantly untrustworthy truck driver"{{cite web}} The leader of the creatures, Veronica, wants them to learn how to hunt human prey and has coaxed Bernard into helping her. Amber and her friends attempt to evade the creatures in order to survive.'] ['Karl Guenther  is a conscientious landlord who looks out for his young and attractive tenants. Jessica , the rising young soap opera star, Harriet , a sensuous and vivacious secretary, Sophie , an accomplished pianist who enjoys wild affairs with her boyfriend, and Lori , a young college student who has just moved in a recently "vacated" apartment: all live in Karl\'s well kept apartments. The only discord is the "tap, tap, tap" sound at night from the crawlspace above their rooms. Karl tells them it\'s only rats, but in reality it is Karl spying on them. One by one, the tenants , become his victims ...each one put to a gruesome test. Only Lori remains alive to disclose the diabolical Karl and she enters the crawlspace—she is alone with a madman capable of anything.'] ['A motorbike gang kills an occultist with a crossbow during a satanic ritual. An evil spirit inhabits a damaged bike. Noddy is then seen purchasing that very motorcycle for the price of £1100 from a dealer, but he tells Kim he only paid £600. He proceeds to take it home and fix the damaged caused by the crossbow, by replacing the fuel tank, with his friend, Buzzer, and girlfriend, Kim. Buzzer steals the petrol cap for "funsies" but then the bike kills him by decapitation. It is revealed to the audience that the vehicle has become a bloodthirsty monster. Noddy goes to the scene of the crime where he meets an inspector who smells like garlic. Later, Noddy has a bad dream that the inspector gives him Buzzer\'s head in a bag and it talks at him but then he wakes up. Then he goes back to sleep and dreams Buzzer is a poo that jumps in his mouth and starts asking how he is. Noddy wakes up again and is chewing his duvet. Noddy and Kim go to the pub and order a large vodka tonic and a pint of cider. Then ten of the bikers from the beginning come in and shoot the bar with the crossbow. One then offers to show Kim his "chopper" while she is playing pool. She declines, claiming not to have brought her magnifying glass. He then proceeds to unsheathe an axe and attack the pool table and moving onto plates, starting a bar wide brawl of 10 bikers against our protagonists. Kim manages to slip out the front and drive the bike round the back of the pub where Nobby jumps on it from the first floor and then gets shot with a crossbow bolt. They then have Chinese. When Kim orders garlic prawns, the bike goes mad and drives off with her. It takes her under a bridge, throws her off and makes advances on her, until it notices the crucifix around her neck. It drives off back to the pub where Chopper attempts to steal it but the bike stabs him through the leg with a large metal spike, then launches him at some graffiti artists. It then proceeds to exact its revenge on the rest of the gang, decapitating the majority and leaving only Roach with a bolt inserted into his posterior. Noddy then finds out Kim has been taken to hospital where she describes the bike\'s advances with a hollow look in her eyes. It is then seen that the inspector is looking at some heads. Noddy then goes to a priest, who also has a motorcycle. There is then several crucifix wipes as they travel to the garage where the bike is kept. The priest is sarcastic and does not believe Noddy. Not wanting to be taken into the sunlight, the bike uses its brake to injure the priest\'s hand. Determining the bike is a vampire, the priest decides to do an exorcism. Believing the bike will come back for Kim, the priest gives her a crucifix and garlic. The priest throws a shuriken at a fly whilst planning the exorcism and exclaims "Right. Let\'s go kick some bottom!". The vampire bike stops Noddy and the priest on the way home by disabling the bike they are riding, so they decide to call a taxi but instead wait for a bus. It is a race against the sun to get to the vampire bike before nightfall when it will be free to roam once more. During the exorcism, the priest is hit in the head with a wrench and Noddy is blown around the room by a mysterious wind, knocking him into cupboards. The priest is then crucified with a crown of barbed wire. Believing to have successfully vanquished the demon, the priest sprinkles holy water, but that only makes the bike angry, growing spikes and glowing red. Noddy runs off and steals a police motorcycle, dragging the policeman behind him, who is almost run over by the vampire bike. The bike is chased by a police car, while the priest attempts to explain it to the authorities and Kim is washed, having her garlic removed. The bike evades the police by driving vertically down a wall and goes to the hospital to finish off Kim but not before cleaving the tea lady in two. Kim uses her crucifix to scare it away, so it goes after Roach, passing the priest and inspector in the corridor of the hospital. Roach crashes while fleeing and lands in a coffin. He is presumed dead. The bike then goes for Noddy but gets its front wheel stuck in a bridge, giving Noddy the chance to throw it in a river and spit. Thinking he is safe, Noddy has a victory smoke, but the audience sees a red-light under the water. Noddy then sees it and screams and runs around like a lunatic. He hides in a gym, but the bike doesn\'t take long to find him and start attacking the patrons with its spikes. Noddy then bashes the bike, which feigns death, making everyone feel safe, until it starts throwing people\'s limbs in the air. The inspector scares it with his smell. The bike manages to trap Noddy against a wall, but is stopped when Noddy turns on a sun bed. Everyone uses their crucifix and/or garlic breath to force it into the light and it melts. Kim asks how much Noddy really spent on the bike and the priest says they are usually reliable. Back in Noddy\'s workshop, he accidentally cuts his hand and the blood drips onto the bike\'s old fuel tank which springs open, leaving the audience begging for a sequel.'] ['In the early 1970s police shut down a remote mental institution along the Russian border. Using his own patients, Dr. Andersson was filming them as he tortured and killed them. The creation of the snuff films lead him to create the name the Auteur for himself. In hopes to create a film about the events taking place thirty years ago a new crew arrives and begins filming. Everything goes smoothly until two sound men stumble across a hidden room while in the basement of the old institution. Discovering the whereabouts of the snuff films filmed by The Auteur himself. Although against the crews better judgment, the director Steven watches the films. Feeling a spark of inspiration he decides to rewrite the script for his film. In hopes to create a film he will be remembered for, Steven is disappointed when his shots are not real enough. Looking for more inspiration Steven finds the 8mm film camera, that the original Auteur used, and is begins to shoot his movie. Making his visions come true the crew finds themselves not only the stars of the film but the ones who are making the shots become real. Targeting the crew one by one the crew is in a fight to stay alive.'] ['In Vietnam, US soldier Andy Brooks is shot by a sniper and falls to the ground. As he begins to die, he hears his mother\'s voice calling out, "Andy, you\'ll come back, you\'ve got to, you promised." The voice becomes sinister and muffled as Andy\'s eyes close. Sometime later, his family receives notice of his death in combat. Back home, Andy\'s father, Charles, and sister, Cathy, begin to grieve, but his mother, Christine, becomes irate and refuses to believe that Andy has died. Hours later, in the middle of the night, Andy arrives at the front door in full uniform and apparently unharmed; the family accepts the notice of his death as a clerical error and welcomes him back with joy. Over the next few days, Andy displays strange and erratic behavior, dressing in an unusually concealing matter and spending his days sitting around the house listless and anemic. Meanwhile, local police investigate the murder of a local trucker, who was found with his throat slashed and his body drained of blood after telling diner patrons that he\'d picked up a hitchhiking soldier. Charles attempts to confront Christine about Andy\'s erratic behavior, which only leads to tension between the couple as Christine insists that Charles was too withholding and authoritarian a father and Charles telling Christine that she\'s made Andy too sensitive by smothering him. Andy continues to display unusual behavior, attacking a neighborhood boy who attempts to demonstrate his karate skills and then attacking the family dog when it tries to protect the child. At night, Andy becomes inexplicably lively and animated, wandering the town and spending time in the local cemetery. It ultimately becomes apparent that Andy has returned as some kind of vampire, and has been draining people\'s blood in order to reinvigorate himself, injecting it into his own decaying body with syringes. On a double date at the drive-in with his high school sweetheart Joanne along with his sister and best friend, Andy begins to die from a lack of blood and attacks first Joanne, then his friend. They are both killed during the attack. The other drive-in patrons witness the last attack and panic. This causes Andy to flee before he can infuse himself with his friend\'s blood. The police pursue Andy, the chase ultimately ending at the graveyard where Andy has been spending his free time. There they discover Andy, finally dead and reduced to a skeleton, lying in a shallow grave that he has been progressively digging for himself beneath a crudely fashioned tombstone. Christine, looking at her son\'s body, gravely tells the police "Some boys never come home."'] ['The film, set in Turin, Italy, follows French flight attendant Linda and Italian-American detective Enzo Avolfi, who team up to find Linda\'s younger sister Celine. Celine, a model, has been abducted by a serial killer. Known only as "Yellow" , he kidnaps beautiful foreign women in his unlicensed taxi cab. After drugging them, the killer proceeds to mutilate and finally murder them. He photographs his deeds so that the photos may grant him personal sexual gratification. The film ends with Enzo and Giallo having a shootout in a hotel. Giallo tries to escape, but falls from a skylight to the floor of the lobby, killing him instantly. The police search his apartment for Celine, but cannot find her. Linda starts to blame Enzo for killing her sister, as well as calling him selfish and inhumane. After hearing this, he walks away. By chance, while patrolling a car park, a policeman hears Celine as she tries to gain his attention, tied up and gagged in the trunk of Giallo\'s car.'] ["The film follows a group of American tourists on vacation in the Caribbean; as they take a tour of a local island at night, they become stranded when their bus driver disappears, the group of tourists take refuge in an old mansion, one by one falling victim to an unknown menace. Contrary to the film's title, there are no zombies in this film."] ["Former Vietnam vet and photographer Kirk Smith is a crazed killer who stalks the streets of Los Angeles, picking up young women and strangling them in lurid fashion. He repeatedly contacts Dr. Lindsay Gale, the psychologist on a radio show. He targets Dr. Gale's patients, commits a murder while on the phone to her show , and eventually goes after Dr. Gale herself. Two goofy policemen track him down."] ['Stan Helsing ([[Steve Howey  is an underachieving employee at a video rental store named Schlockbuster whose personal motto is "Don\'t get involved". His teen-aged boss Sully orders him to drop off a bag of movies to the mother of the store\'s owner or risk not having a job Monday morning. Despite his arguments, he agrees to the request and manages to get his friend Teddy , his ex-girlfriend Nadine  and ditsy blond massage therapist Mia  to take him there before they attend a Halloween party, even though it\'s on the other side of town. Enroute, the group encounters a traffic jam and, to Stan\'s surprise, he spots Chucky, the living doll , who makes obscene gestures that no one else notices in the van of a MILF next to them. Because of this disturbance, they miss their exit and decide to take a shortcut on which they hit a dog named Sammy Boy and inadvertently asked the dog\'s owner for help who then threatens to kill them for murdering his beloved dog. After fleeing the scene, Teddy picks up a hitchhiker, but after learning he was convicted of murdering nurses they violently throw him from the moving vehicle. They come across a gas station where the perverted owners tell Stan that he may be related to the legendary Abraham Van Helsing, the monster hunter. They depart and after finding Stormy Night Estates, they discover the attendants never put gas into the car. They come across a local bar and meet the ire of the townsfolk in a bad attempt of Karaoke while singing Johnny Cash\'s song Ring of Fire. After they leave, they discover that all the citizens, including their waitress, Kay , were actually dead due to a massive fire that consumed the town ten years earlier. They encounter several monsters including Pinhead, the hockey-masked killer Jason Voorhees, Chucky, Freddy Krueger, Leatherface, and a Jewish Michael Myers. They are given weapons by an extroverted altar boy who is so very close to becoming a priest who informs Stan of his destiny and that he is Van Helsing\'s descendant, arming them with various weapons before kicking them out of his church. The townsfolk offer a competition in which Stan and his friends compete against the monsters in Karaoke. The humans are unanimously voted as the winners, but the monsters refuse to leave town. Disobeying his policy of never getting involved, Stan turns each of the monsters\' weaknesses against them, soundly defeating them and feeding them to Sammy who had been brought back to vicious life . The group calls a cab and they leave the town as heroes. During the trip home, Nadine discovers how much she cares for Stan and kisses him. Teddy suggest kissing Mia, but she rebuffs with a lap dance offer instead which he gladly accepts. The movie ends with the taxi cab driving away and the sound of moaning. During the film many posters relating to Southern New Jersey are shown such as \'Visit Atlantic City\' and \'Visit Palasades Park\'. The town the videos are being delivered to is called Linwood . Neighboring cities Ventnor and Margate are mentioned on a news broadcast towards the end of the movie.'] ["Home Movie documents one family's descent into darkness through compilation of the Poe family's home-made video footage. In the remote woods of upstate New York, David  and Clare  Poe are attempting to live an idyllic life. However, the Poe children are hiding a dark secret and something is wrong with ten-year old twins, Jack  and Emily  Poe. To stop them, their parents must enter the nightmare of their children’s minds. As they try to regain control of the children’s lives, the pressing question becomes who will ultimately survive the battle.HOME MOVIE and THE BUTCHER"] ['Vampire aliens Dr. Kozmar , Dr. Zarma  and Cora  recruit two dim-witted mechanics  to abduct teenagers living in a college town and bring them to a rural hospital. There, the aliens drain them of their blood, which they need to stay young.Staff report . Evils of the Night is more silly than scary Atlanta Journal-Constitution Roger Hurlburt at the Fort Lauderdale Sun Sentinel wrote, "Simply stated, Evils of the Night is a deplorable motion picture."Hurlburt, Roger . \'Evils of the Night\' just bloody awful. Fort Lauderdale Sun Sentinel'] ['Tooth and Nail is a post-apocalyptic movie where mankind has depleted all fossil fuel reserves and civilization has collapsed. A group of survivors called Foragers take cover in an abandoned hospital where the group attempt to re-build society. After saving a young girl from being killed and eaten by a group of vicious cannibals called Rovers, the Foragers find themselves on the run from the cannibals, who stalk the survivors and brutally kill them off one-by-one as the Foragers begin to fight back, causing a chaotic battle of blood and mayhem.'] ['{{Plot}} This is a \'so bad it\'s great\' hilarious schlock thriller! Sometimes Voted \'The Worst Australian Film Ever\' with an award winning music score by Brian Mannix, great comedy by drummer and comedian Des McKenna aka "Animal from Hey Hey Its Saturday" and a nude Cameo by Scarlett deMasson. There are many good things about this film but one thing that stood out was Gavin Wood. Most of his lines seem completely improvised and his performance was one of the best. PLOT summary; A film crew composed of media types and party animals from the city embark on a road trip to record music videos of a hard-living rock band at rural Lake Infinity. A hitchhiker is shocked by the grisly discovery of her friend\'s dead body. Alone and forced to run through dense scrubland to escape an unseen assailant, she fails to evade the killer and is stabbed multiple times. The visiting rock band with film crew, stop for fuel at a petrol station and is given an uneasy reception by locals who seem wary or suspicious of outsiders. They leave to meet the rest of the crew at a river where houseboats have been hired for transport and accommodation. Further deaths come as a surprise to viewers as sneaking creep at the petrol station gives the impression he may be the killer. The band members go looking for mushrooms but find only toadstools, one leaves to rejoin the rest of the crew. The crew member who continues the search for mushrooms is stabbed by the killer, and the staff member returning to camp is alarmed by a bright flashlight shined into his eyes. Assuming it his fellow crew member playing jokes, he admonishes him with the words "don\'t fuck around!" A strange woman who told the crew about the fire is then seen talking to the mysterious assailant, explaining that if he continues, he will be taken away from her. The bodies of the couple shot by harpoon and stabbed through the neck are then discovered, and the remaining crew lock doors and windows. They make plans to contact police, only to learn that another staff member had accidentally dropped their portable phone into the water while partying. The assailant, credited as "Acid Head" and played by Zlatko Kasumovic, then slices the director\'s fingers off and splits his head in half. A further crew member gets stabbed, although we later discover that his injuries are not fatal, and a blonde woman has her neck broken. Another female staff member tries to escape through the woods on the riverbank, during which time she discovers the bodies of the missing film-makers who left the crew\'s campfire after the first night of filming. By morning, the woman is still running. The crew member stabbed non-fatally unties one of the houseboats, and he and the woman make plans to escape. The end credits roll and subtitles tell that "on October&nbsp;17, Peace and Tranquility returned to Lake Infinity...FOR A TIME". Acid Head\'s arm and fist are then seen emerging sharply and victoriously from the waters of Lake Infinity, indicating that he has survived the attempts on his life and is still at large.'] ['Adam , a photographer, awakens in a full bathtub in a disused bathroom along with Dr. Lawrence Gordon , an oncologist, who turns on the lights. Both men are chained at the ankle to pipes at opposite ends of the room. Lying between them is a corpse in a small pool of blood holding a revolver and a microcassette recorder. Adam and Lawrence discover tapes in their pockets, and Adam manages to take the tape recorder. Adam finds out that he must escape the bathroom, while Lawrence must kill Adam before six o\'clock, or his wife Allison and daughter Diana will be killed and he will be "left to rot". They also learn that the corpse was another victim who shot himself before he could succumb to a deadly poison in his blood. Using clues, Adam finds a bag in the toilet, containing two hacksaws, though neither is able to cut through the chains. Lawrence realizes that the saws are not meant for their chains, but for their feet, and tells Adam that they have been captured by the Jigsaw Killer.  Flashbacks reveal that while Lawrence was talking with students about a patient named John , who suffers from an inoperable frontal lobe tumor, an orderly named Zep Hindle  interrupts referring to the patient as a person with a name and a personality. Dr. Gordon was then approached by Detectives David Tapp  and Steven Sing  about his penlight being found at the scene of a Jigsaw "game". He viewed the testimony of Amanda , a heroin addict and the only known survivor of Jigsaw\'s games, who believes that Jigsaw helped her. Other Jigsaw victims include Paul , who was trapped in a cage filled with razor wire, and Mark , who had to obtain an antidote for the poison in his body from a safe, the combination scrambled on the room\'s walls, with only a candle for light while himself being covered in a flammable substance and having to walk over broken glass. Meanwhile, Lawrence\'s wife and daughter, Alison and Diana , are being held captive in their home by a man who is also watching Adam and Lawrence through a camera behind the bathroom\'s mirror. The house is simultaneously being watched by Tapp, who was discharged from the force and is now stalking Lawrence. He and Sing had previously found Jigsaw\'s lair using Amanda\'s tape and saved Jeff  from a drill trap; however, Jigsaw fled after slashing Tapp\'s throat, and Sing was killed by a shotgun booby trap while pursuing him. In the bathroom, Lawrence finds a cellphone that can only receive calls. He receives a call from Alison, who is being held at gunpoint, telling him to not trust Adam. Adam admits that he had been paid to take photos of Lawrence, several of which are in the hacksaw bag. Lawrence realizes that Tapp had been paying Adam. They also find a photo of Zep in Lawrence\'s house, revealing that he is holding the Gordons captive. Unfortunately, the clock hits six as they realize this. Zep moves to kill Diana and Alison, but Alison manages to overpower him. However, as Alison speaks to Lawrence on the phone, Zep attacks her and the gunshots from the struggle get Tapp\'s attention. He arrives in time to save Alison and Diana, but Zep escapes and Tapp follows, eventually pursuing him into the sewers, where Tapp is shot after a brief struggle. Lawrence, who only hears gunshots and screaming, is electrocuted and loses reach of the phone. In desperation, he saws off his foot and shoots Adam with the corpse\'s revolver. Zep enters the bathroom intent on killing Lawrence, only to be beaten to death by Adam with a toilet tank cover. As Lawrence crawls from the bathroom with the promise of help, Adam searches Zep\'s body for a key and finds another recorder, which reveals that Zep was also a Jigsaw victim; he was forced to hold the Gordons captive to obtain an antidote for the slow-acting poison in his body. As the tape ends, the corpse rises to its feet and reveals itself as John, the real Jigsaw Killer. John informs Adam that the key to his shackle is in the bathtub, but when Adam woke up, he pulled the plug, resulting in losing the key. Adam tries to shoot him with Zep\'s gun, but John electrocutes him and he loses reach of the gun. John then turns off the lights and seals the bathroom door, leaving a screaming Adam to die.'] ["It is the mid-1970s. A sinister hippy cult called Unity Fields commits mass suicide in a horrific manner - by fire - at the behest of its psychopathic leader, Franklin Harris . Only one young woman named Cynthia  survives to tell the tale. Now, 13 years later, Cynthia is having grim reminders of the mass suicide, as people around her begin to die one at a time. Cynthia finds out quickly that the ghost of Harris is back to claim his 'love child'."] ['{{plot}} A couple, Halley Smith  and Rich Stoker  are rock climbing in the remote West Virginia forest. As Rich prepares to help Halley, he is suddenly murdered. Someone begins to pull Halley up the cliff so she cuts the rope and falls to the ground. Halley then attempts to escape to her car but trips over a piece of barb wire before being pulled back into the woods and killed. Chris Flynn , a medical student, is driving through the mountains of West Virginia on his way to a job interview. Due to a chemical spill in the road ahead, he is forced to take a different route. He stops at an old rundown gas station and meets an old man . The old man is not helpful, but Chris views a map detailing another possible route that heads straight towards the city to which he needs to go. Chris decides to take the road and as he is driving he crashes into a Range Rover stranded in the middle of the road. The car belongs to a group of friends on a hiking trip: Jessie Burlingame , Carly , her fiancé Scott , and a couple - Evan and Francine . Their tires have been punctured by a piece of barbed wire in the woods. Jessie, Carly, and Scott go to find help and Chris joins them. Evan and Francine stay to watch the cars, and as Evan starts to fix their car he hears a strange noise. He goes to the woods to investigate. After a while, Francine notices that he is missing, and she goes into the woods to look for him. As Francine ventures further into the woods, she finds his sneaker, and his severed ear. She stumbles back, horrifed, as a figure kills her with a strip of barbed wire. As Chris, Jessie, Carly and Scott try to find help, they find an isolated cabin. They go inside and discover miscellaneous objects and human body parts. Horrified they attempt to escape, but they hear the occupants coming back and are forced to hide. Three cannibalistic mountain men, all of whom are extremely disfigured, enter the cabin and bring in Francine\'s dead body. Chris, Jessie, Carly and Scott silently watch in horror, as her body is brutally butchered and messily eaten. As the cannibals fall asleep, Chris, Jessie, Scott and Carly silently escape. However one of the cannibals, "Saw-Tooth" wakes and alerts the other cannibals and begins to chase them through the forest. The group climbs up to a nearby clearing with many cars of the cannibals\' victims. Chris makes a diversion and is shot in the leg. Scott saves him by distracting the cannibals, allowing Jessie and Carly to steal one of the trucks. Chris gets into the truck, and they drive down a path close by trying to find Scott. Carly sees him in the forest. Scott starts to make his way to the truck, but the cannibals shoot him with arrows as Chris, Jessie and Carly drive and escape fast. The cannibals pick up Scott\'s dead body and take it back to their cabin. Chris, Jessie and Carly hit a dead end in the road and have to continue on foot. They find an old watchtower and begin to climb up and find a radio and use it to call for help, but do not get a response. Later they see the cannibals armed with torches, and reaching the foot of the watchtower. The radio starts responding to their call, alerting the cannibals. Carly tries to make an urgent response but is interrupted when "Three Finger" tries to climb into the watchtower. He tries to get through the panel on the floor of the tower but is stopped by Chris. The cannibals set the tower on fire. Chris, Carly and Jessie escape by jumping out of the window into a nearby tree. They begin to climb up, but Three-Finger starts to climb up a tree near them. Chris and Jessie begin to climb higher as Carly attempts to climb further. Chris and Jessie make it to another tree, but Three-Finger sneaks up behind Carly and decapitates her. Three Finger begins to pursue Jessie, but Chris manages to hit him with a tree branch and he falls out of the tree. They manage to escape and hide in a cave near a waterfall until the next morning. Just as they find a road out of the woods, the mountain men find them and push Chris down the hill and capture Jessie and take her back to their cabin. Chris survives the fall and meets a sheriff, but before he is able to convince the Sheriff of what is happening, the Sheriff is shot with an arrow. Chris attempts to drive away in the car, but can not find the key, so instead hitches a ride underneath the car as the cannibal drives it back to the cabin. When the cannibals arrive at the cabin, Jessie is tied to a bed and gagged with a leash, crying for help. After Saw-Tooth goes inside with the sheriff\'s body, Chris gets down from the bottom of the police truck. As Jessie is about to be killed, Chris, who is driving the police truck, breaks through the cabin and runs into "One-Eye". Chris unties Jessie and they fight the cannibals. They escape quickly as Chris manages to kill the cannibals by blowing up their cabin with a shotgun. Chris and Jessie, driving the cannibals\' truck, stop back at the gas station. Chris, badly injured, gets out of the truck and takes the map from the gas station so if the cannibals lived no one else would suffer the same fate. He then gets back into the truck, he and Jessie drive down the road, as the credits roll. The credits are interrupted by a scene showing a deputy sheriff investigating and picking over the remains of the destroyed cabin. Three-Finger, who survived the explosion, comes up behind the deputy. Three-Finger kills him. His insane laughter is heard, as the credits continue to roll.'] ["A suburban family harbors a dark secret: When their parents are killed in a tragic accident, eldest Hamilton sibling David  relocates the surviving family members to a quiet California suburb and assumes the responsibility of caring for his orphaned teenage siblings; Wendell , Darlene , and Francis . While twins Wendell and Darlene seem to share a bizarre incestuous bond that separates them from the rest of the siblings, Francis acquires a video camera that previously belonged to his deceased parents and sets out preparing a school project about his family. The all-seeing lens of Francis' roving camera begins to reveal that something malevolent is going on inside the Hamilton's picturesque abode. David finds work in a meat-packing warehouse, and is shown to bring some stuff from work home with him, while it is also implied that he is a homosexual when he invites male co-workers to go with him to a nearby motel for an evening. One evening, Wendell kidnaps two young girls whom he meets in a local bar and they are tied in their storeroom. Older brother David drains blood off one of them till she slowly dies. Francis gets attracted to the other girl who tries to get him to help her. But things come to a head when Wendell and Darlene murder one of her classmates and feed off her blood. When David tries to kill the other girl, Francis hits him in the head and carries her off to a safe hideout at the meat packing plant which is closed for the night. Wendell asks David to follow Francis, as he is the only one capable of persuading him to return. At the barn, Francis, seeing an open wound on the girl's hand, is unable to control his bloodlust and he kills the girl and feeds off her. When David appears, Francis is crying and we see his fangs. Though terribly sad at his actions, he finally seems to be accepting what he really is: a vampire. With the death of Darlene's classmate, David decides to move somewhere else, and they go to the basement to retrieve the creature locked there, who turns out to be their little brother Lenny. The family, the Hamilitons, is revealed to be a new breed of vampires who are born that way, not made. They move from place to place to hide their secret of their thirst for blood and to avoid detection from the authorities. In the final scene, we see them introducing themselves to their new neighbors, as the Thompsons, and Francis, now having embraced his newfound status as a vampire, is shown making a happy video of his now complete family."] ["In 1982, the town of Crippen was rocked by a series of murders at Crippen High School. The killer was never caught. Several years later, Cosmic Pictures, headed by sleazy producer Harry Sleerik, has come to Crippen to make a movie about the murders, setting up shop in the high school. However, it seems the killer is still there, and as crew and cast members disappear left and right, it's up to ex-student/cop/leading man Steven Blake and leading lady Callie Cassidy to get to the bottom of this."] ["Frank Zito is a middle-aged, overweight, Italian-American loner living in an unspecified borough of New York City, where he works as the landlord of a small apartment complex. Unbeknown to his tenants, Frank is a schizophrenic serial killer who spends his nights stalking and killing women, scalping them and bringing the scalps and their clothing back home to decorate his steadily growing supply of mannequins. Once a mannequin has been decorated to his satisfaction, Frank sleeps with it for several nights, using them to carry on one-sided conversations with his deceased mother, an abusive prostitute who subjected him to years of physical abuse before dying in a car accident and leaving him orphaned. Inexplicably, after several nights, Frank grows tired of each mannequin, posing them around different parts of his apartment before seeking out another victim. One afternoon, Frank sees that his picture has been taken by a fashion photographer named Anna. Getting her name off of the luggage tag she keeps on her purse, Frank tracks her down, but is impressed enough with her artwork that rather than kill her, he begins dating her. While visiting her on the set of her latest photo shoot, he is so taken with Rita, one of Anna's models, that he steals a piece of Rita's jewelry, using it as a pretext to come to her apartment later that night so that he can kidnap her. Frank takes Rita home and ties her to the bed, where he addresses her as his mother, declaring his undying love for her before stabbing her to death. He then mutilates her body and disposes of it, later attending the funeral with Anna. His grip on reality quickly deteriorating, Frank takes Anna to his mother's grave one night on the way to the movies. At the cemetery, Frank tries to kill Anna, but she wounds him with a shovel left lying by a freshly dug grave and escapes. Frank begins suffering disorienting, disturbing hallucinations of his mother's corpse rising up from its grave and of his mother beckoning to him from her bed. He returns to his apartment, where he has a vision of the mannequins transforming into the vengeful reanimated corpses of his victims and tearing his body apart. The next morning, two police detectives, apparently alerted by Anna, break down the door to Frank's apartment. They find him on his bed, bleeding from the stomach as the result of a self-inflicted knife wound. The detectives, upon seeing Frank's mannequin collection, leave the apartment, at which point Frank opens his eyes, implying he's still alive, then the film ends with the title of the film, before cutting to the credits."] ["A local late night supermarket is shutting up and the night shift are starting to restock the shelves ready for the next day. Just as the store is about to close, Craig , the former boyfriend of cashier Jennifer , appears and the two have an argument. Worried for her friend, Linda  presses her panic button and calls for help. Co-owner Bill ([[Dan Hicks  appears and a fight ensues. Craig escapes onto the shop floor and the night crew set out to track him down whilst Jennifer calls the police. On discovering him there is another scuffle before they manage to eject Craig from the store, after which he disappears into the night. While the night crew are gathered the owners announce they are selling the store and the staff will soon be out of a job. The staff are assigned the task of marking down all the stock in preparation for the close. Craig makes telephone calls to the store, unnerving Jennifer. The police arrive but do little to help and just tell the group to be careful. Linda finishes her shift and takes some shopping out to her car but is stabbed by an unseen attacker. Bill spots someone trying the back door and goes out to investigate. He finds Craig watching Jennifer through the bathroom window. Craig clubs Bill over the head with a hammer. Back in the store an unseen assailant begins to stalk the workers and the storeowner and kills them one by one. The killer dismembers his victims, leaving body parts around the store. Realising that everyone seems to have vanished, Jennifer goes to investigate and discovers bodies in the storerooms. Terrified, she is attacked by the killer but manages to escape back onto the shop floor. Hearing someone at the door she attempts to attract their attention but they have gone when she gets there. Craig appears and grabs her but she stabs him with a meat hook. Craig slumps to the floor. Bill staggers in and says Craig had attacked him outside the store. He calls the police. Jennifer notices that Bill's hands are covered in blood and realizes he is the killer. Bill tells her that he could not let his partner sell the store so he killed him, and then just got carried away killing the others. Bill attacks Jennifer and chases her around the store. Jennifer is locked inside the building. A delivery man  appears outside, but is killed by Bill before Jennifer can get his attention. Bill reenters the building and stalks Jennifer again. Jennifer is grabbed by Craig who tells her he saw Bill killing Linda and climbed into the building through the bathroom window to save her. Bill appears and clubs Craig to the ground with a severed head whilst Jennifer flees. Crawling out the bathroom window Jennifer attempts to escape in her car but finds the body of Linda in there. Bill grabs her legs and pulls Jennifer under the car but she stabs him with the knife she had pulled from Linda. Jennifer heads to a phone booth to call the police when Bill reappears again and starts to smash the booth to get at her. Tipping the phone booth over he has Jennifer trapped when Craig appears and hacks him with a meat cleaver. Jennifer and Craig are standing in the car park over Bill's body when the police arrive and arrest them. Bill regains consciousness and shouts to the police that the pair had gone mad and killed everyone. The two are taken away protesting their innocence."] ['Despite suffering a traumatic past and battling a drinking problem, Russell Spivey is a successful police profiler. When he rejoins his team after a stint on psychiatric leave and finds himself on the trail of a serial killer, he must set aside his personal issues and do what he does best - delve into the mind of a murderer. But as Spivey gets closer to solving the case, it appears that the killer is now targeting him. Each victim is found with a mask - an all-too-familiar object of his childhood - and word games that leave him puzzled. Spivey must catch up with the Masked Murderer before he loses everyone he loves and his future becomes just as dark as his past.'] ["Jay, her brother, and three friends seeking refuge from a torrential storm break into what they think is an abandoned recycling plant. Incredibly, they find that they have stumbled into the aftermath of a horribly brutal double murder, the only survivor of which is a Sleeper - a coma patient hooked up to life support in a triple-locked, shatter proof observation room. Closer examination reveals a disturbing truth: the Sleeper is Orin Kiefer, a murderer executed by lethal injection six years earlier for butchering his family. Trapped inside with this comatose madman, they soon discover there is no escape and the Sleeper is not as harmless as he would seem. Jay, her brother and friends search for a way out of the factory. A psychopathic man roaming the building attacks and kills her brother. What's more is that falling asleep becomes the most dangerous thing of all. When Peter falls asleep, his dreams are invaded and his mind is controlled by the comatose madman. The madman turns Peter into a deranged killer like himself, and he tries to attack Jay and the remaining friends, but they make it safely to the observation room and try to sort the situation out. They discover that the Sleeper in the locked room possesses the power of an Incubus demon, and can invade and control another human's mind through their dreams. To test this theory, they tell Holly to go to sleep. She is the weakest of the three, and if she is infected like Peter, she can at least be tied up and easily kept under control without being hurt. She agrees and eventually falls asleep. Jay and Bug wait, not expecting anything to happen. After a few minutes, Holly wakes up and tries to attack Bug and Jay. They try to get her to snap out of the spell of the Incubus, but when they fail they realize that the only way to stop her is to kill her, which they do. Angry, disgusted, and scared, Bug turns and attacks the comatose madman, still peacefully sleeping and dreaming. He rips off the machinery that keeps him in his unconscious state. Bug and Jay run to get out of the factory. Peter is still waiting for them, and Bug quickly attacks him with a hammer. As he dies, Peter reveals that he is no longer under the control of the Incubus. As it turns out, the reason he is no longer psychotic, is because the Incubus is no longer asleep. Because the machinery keeping him comatose was destroyed, he was able to free himself, wake up, and kill. He kills Bug by snapping his neck, and then goes after Jay. Jay manages to trick the Incubus by making it look like she has managed to escape onto the factory's roof. After she manages to kill him she makes the mistake of falling asleep and dreams of the Incubus. In the dream he manages to get inside of her and when she wakes up she is delirious. As sheriffs arrive to the scene, they discover the dead Incubus, and the bloody Jay. They wrongly assume she is a killer, though she does not say a single word. She is led into a police car, in handcuffs. The movie ends with a brief shot of Jay's eyes, which suddenly turn into an alarming design revealing that she becomes a psychopathic killer, possessed by the Incubus."] ["Police officer Frank Williams ([[Steven Vidler  and his partner Blaine  enter an abandoned house, only to find a young woman held hostage with her eyes ripped out. Suddenly, Blaine is savagely murdered by an unknown figure with an axe before Frank is attacked too. Frank manages to fight off the man, but his arm is severed in the process. In the aftermath, detectives find seven bodies in the house, all of which have had their eyes ripped out. Four years later, Frank is taking a group of delinquents -Russell Wolf , Richie Bernson , Christine Zarate , Zoe Warner , Michael Montross , Kira Vanning , Tyson Simmons  and Melissa Beudroux - to clean up the abandoned Blackwell Hotel in order to turn it into a homeless shelter, as explained by the owner Margaret . As the delinquents work, they do not realize that reclusive psychopath, Jacob Goodnight ([[Kane  has holed away in the rotting hotel. Tyson and Richie decide to look for the previous owner's safe, which was never recovered after the fire that broke out in the hotel, while Kira deals with being reunited with Michael, her abusive ex-boyfriend who was the one who sent her to jail. While searching for the safe, Tyson and Richie discover a dead body. Richie freaks out and attempts to leave, but is attacked by Goodnight, who drags him into an elevator, in front of a terrified Tyson. Margaret realizes the elevator is being used, and informs Frank's partner, Hannah , who goes to check if everyone is in their rooms. However, the elevator does not stop and takes Hannah up into the damaged floors of the hotel, where she is swiftly killed by Goodnight, who rips her eyes out. Meanwhile, Christine agrees to help Kira escape the hotel after catching Michael hurting her in the bathroom. While Kira is escaping, she is attacked by Goodnight, who drags her into the dumbwaiter. Christine, Frank and Margaret arrive just as she is assaulted, and Christine informs Frank the others have gone to the restricted penthouses to have a party. While Margaret stays behind to phone the police, Christine and Frank enter the elevator, where they find Hannah's blood, before bumping into Tyson, who warns them of the man who took Richie. Frank realizes it is Goodnight, before a hook goes through his chin and drags him away, dumping his body in front of Tyson and Christine. Kira is held hostage by Goodnight, due to her religious tattoos. She awakens in Goodnight's lair, where Richie has been tied up. Goodnight soon appears and gouges Richie's eyes out, before we see a flashback to Goodnight's childhood , suggesting his killing sprees are owed to religious abuse. Meanwhile, Zoe, Michael, Russell and Melissa are taking drugs in a penthouse. Soon after, Russell and Melissa leave for some privacy. As the pair make out, they are attacked by Goodnight. They manage to escape and hide in a room, where they realize they can climb out the window to get to the ground level of the hotel. Russell lowers Melissa out of the window by a rope, but Russell is stabbed to death by Goodnight, who then lets Melissa fall. The rope stops her head from hitting the ground, but she hurts her hand on impact, allowing a group of stray dogs to devour her. Zoe and Michael become sick of each other and attempt to go back to their rooms, but are attacked by Goodnight. They hide, but Zoe is found when her cell phone goes off. She pleads for help, but Goodnight shoves the phone down her throat, killing her. Christine and Tyson decide to stay and try to find Kira, and bump into Michael. Goodnight finds them; Christine and Tyson escape through the elevator shaft, forgetting about Michael, who is violently beaten up by Goodnight. Christine and Tyson find Goodnight's lair and create a distraction to free Kira. As Christine tries to open Kira's cage, Tyson attempts to fight off Goodnight, but he gets electrocuted by his taser before being crushed with a vault. Christine hides as Goodnight returns. Margaret turns up and unexpectedly reveals herself to be the mother of Goodnight. Margaret tells Kira that she lured Frank back to the hotel to get revenge on him for hurting her son four years before, and that the prisoners all had to die because they were full of sin, including her. Margaret attempts to shoot Kira, but Goodnight kills her by accident, throwing her into a large nail that impales her. Goodnight becomes enraged by his mother's death, and is about to kill Kira when Christine attempts to help. Goodnight grabs both Kira's and Christine's throats, but throws Kira away and attempts to gouge out Christine's eye. Michael appears and strikes from behind, giving the girls time to hide. Goodnight searches the room they have hidden in, but the three of them catch him by surprise, sending him out the window to fall to his death, but he does not fall, instead catches the window seal. Christine then shoves a rod in Goodnight's left eye and he falls through the same glass roof that Melissa previously fell through. Coincidentally, Goodnight falls onto a sharp pole that, in turn, impales his heart, killing him instantly. The three survivors escape to freedom, and the credits roll, only to be interrupted by a dog that urinates in Goodnight's empty eye socket."] ['Having come home after half of his squadron was killed during the Vietnam War, Sergeant Jack Stryker , given an honorable discharge due to his injuries, attempts to get his life back together. Finding himself reunited with an old girlfriend, Sally  and his war buddies, he feels he may have successfully re-established his life. However, this happiness is quickly cut short when a murderous cult led by an enigmatic but unnamed Charles Manson-like figure, portrayed by director and writer Sam Raimi, comes into town to continue their rampage. After Sally is tortured and Stryker and his compatriots find the cult torturing police officers near his house, they arm themselves up and decide to, as the trailer puts it, "break the laws of both God  and man" and fight back. What follows is a war between the two groups, ending in numerous deaths, including the cult leader\'s; the exchange between Raimi and Schulz is as follows: Cult Leader: "I am Jesus Christ!" Stryker: "No, you\'re not &mdash; You\'re dead." Upon which Stryker shoots Raimi&#39;s character in the chest, and he careens into a river, eventually being impaled on a motorcycle, and their brutal war is ended.'] ["A murderer is running loose through the streets of London, hunting down men dressed as Santa and killing them all in different, and extremely violent, fashions. Inspector Harris has decided to take on the unenviable task of tracking down the psychopath, but he's going to have his work cut out for him. Only the suspicious reporter, Giles, seems to offer the Inspector any promising leads."] ['A high school student named Brett Bumpers  receives a mysterious package one day. It contains a bull penis totem with a note explaining that it will grant him three wishes. His first wish is for Samantha  to go with him to a spring dance. The next day, Samantha invites him to the dance, and he suspects that his wish has come true. Samantha\'s boyfriend Cody is the star jock at the school, and he is humiliated by Samantha\'s decision. After the dance, one of Cody\'s buddies is murdered by a cloaked figure with a grotesquely disfigured face. When Brett drops Samantha off at home, she suggests that they should return to just being friends. Heartbroken, Brett makes his second wish that Samantha would become his girlfriend and actually fall in love with him. The next day, Samantha breaks up with Cody and initiates a relationship with Brett. Meanwhile, the cloaked figure continues to kill students at the high school. Feeling guilty about wishing Samantha into a relationship, Brett confesses the truth to her. As Samantha is coming to grips with the truth, the cloaked figure attacks the pair. He lures Brett away from Samantha and then reveals himself to be Brett\'s history teacher, Mr. Turner . Mr. Turner explains that he bought the totem and discovered that it actually granted wishes. He wished his wife dead, to avoid divorcing her. Then he wished for "Fuck-you-money", and he promptly got $100 million which he hid in a Swiss bank account. Mr. Turner confessed that he also wished for supernatural strength, because he decided to kill problem students at the school. As he was killing the students on his list, he sent the totem to Brett because he was an exemplary student. If the totem is given to another person, that person can also make three wishes. Mr. Turner then reveals that Samantha is the last name on his list. Just as he is about to kill Samantha, Brett makes his third wish, asking for more strength and agility than Mr. Turner. The two struggle, and eventually, Brett kills Mr. Turner with a samurai sword. Brett gives the totem to Samantha so that she is not forced to love him against her will. She uses the totem to begin their relationship again, but this time, on her own terms.'] ['A lighthearted vacation in a vintage RV turns into a deadly roller-coaster ride for seven young friends in this gorefest tinged with touches of camp. A psychopath armed with night vision goggles and a machete stalks his prey, and there seems to be no escaping his brutal intentions.'] ['{{Plot}} Several boys are in their cabin lighting farts. After taking the lighter and attempting to light his own fart but falling short of the other boys\' efforts, Alan  threatens Eddie , Mark , Billy  and Pee Pee , but is soon stopped by camp counselor, Randy , who is irritated with him. After a failed camp announcement by the owner in the dining hall, Alan gets into a violent confrontation with Randy after he complains about the food. Ronnie  allows Alan to go the kitchen to get something else to eat so as not to exascerbate the fight, but Alan ends up in trouble again, this time with cook Mickey , who throws eggs at him. Alan then throws a butcher knife at Mickey and the camp owner, Frank , seeing what he did, argues with Alan after already being annoyed by his past misbehavior. Alan, suffering from Bipolar disorder, runs away feeling rejected, with his stepbrother Michael  chasing after him. After being threatened, Michael goes back to the camp, telling Alan that he does not care what he does any more. In the kitchen, Mickey is killed after being held above and dumped into the deep fryer by an unseen character while cooking fries for dinner. His body is then dumped in the trash compactor. During the social, Alan is fooled by Terry "Weed"  and Stan  into smoking dried cow manure, mistaking it for marijuana which makes him cough and falls on Stan\'s crotch, earning him the nickname "Blowjob", which sticks and later plays a significant role in the film. After the social, a high Weed is tied to a chair and gas is squirted down his throat. The killer then sticks a lit-up cigarette in his mouth and his insides explode, killing him. Ronnie starts to suspect that the murders that happened twenty five years ago are happening again. Frank, in an attempt to ignore bad publicity, states that the murders were accidental and the camp continues to go on with its normal activities. A week later, Alan is bullied by being shot during a paintball game by all the players. In order to steal Karen  away from Alan , Michael makes Alan look like a psychopath by skinning the frogs Alan sits with in the forest. Karen and her friend Marie  run away. Alan is again bulled by T.C.  and Chooch , who give him a wedgie in front of everyone at the waterfront. That night, Michael, T.C. and Marie force Karen to lure Alan to the back of the stage, where they take his clothes off, tie him up, blindfold him and embarrass him in front of everyone at the social. Ronnie suspects that counselor Petey  is the killer for being everywhere when Alan is in trouble. Suddenly outside, T.C. and nine others start calling Alan "Blowjob", which causes him to become frustrated and run off into the night. After returning to his cabin, Frank is knocked unconscious with a hammer and wakes up with his head inserted in a birdcage. The killer opens up the birdcage, places two rats inside and locks it. The rats eat through his head and down into his intestines, killing him. Meanwhile, Randy and Linda  go to the pump house to have sex. Whilst Randy is pissing, an unseen person ties him to a tree, using fishing line as a noose to wrap around his penis. Suddenly, Linda becomes happy  after hearing Randy attempt to placate the killer , and drives off in the jeep, but the fishing line is tied to the jeep and, while driving at 85 mph, tears Randy\'s penis off, gorily killing him. Linda continues to drive, but crashes after driving through a wrapped barbed wire line, which wraps around her face, killing her. At the camp, F.C. has been grounded for the rest of the summer for bullying Alan. After Spaz  visits him again, a wooden spear comes through a hole in the floor while T.C. is looking into it and cuts him in the eye, gruesomely killing him. Meanwhile, Jenny  and Ronnie find Frank dead in his office. They begin rounding up everyone left in the camp, as Ronnie believes that Angela has returned and resumed her murders. Bella  goes back to her cabin, where she finds that the bunk above her has been replaced with spikes. The killer, who is also in the cabin, jumps down from the rafters and lands on top of the top bunk, causing it to fall on Bella, piercing her with the spikes and killing her. Soon, T.C. and Bella are found dead and after the counselors leave, Ricky Thomas  is called by Sheriff Jerry, while Karen, who discovered Bella with Marie and ran off in fright, believing Alan committed the murder and she will be his next victim and after finding Randy\'s and Linda\'s corpses, bumps into the killer and faints. Karen wakes up at the rec hall with a rope hanging from a basketball hoop tied around her neck. The killer flips a switch to raise the net, causing Karen to be lifted off the ground. Michael comes in before Karen is killed, causing the killer to run off, and lowers the net. After Karen tells him that she thinks Alan is the killer, Michael grabs a mallet and goes after Alan, who he beats with the mallet. Suddenly, the killer appears behind Michael as the screen fades to black. Ronnie, Ricky and Jenny find a badly-wounded, but still alive Alan on the ground. As Ronnie questions Alan who is responsible for his injuries, Sheriff Jerry walks into view of Ronnie and Ricky, explaining through his mechanical voice box that kids never learn and are always mean, and declaring, "I\'ve been waiting a long time for this. A long time." Confirming Ronnie\'s suspicions, it is then revealed that Sheriff Jerry is Angela Baker . Nearby, Ricky, Jenny and Ronnie find a nearly-dead Michael skinned alive on the ground as Angela laughs maniacally. She suddenly stops laughing and looks at the audience with a vicious expression on her face. Michael dies as the scene cuts to the end credits. After the ending credits are over, a clip is shown, which takes place three weeks prior to the events of the film. It shows that Angela had escaped from the psychiatric clinic she had been locked up in for twenty years. After somehow acquiring a car, Angela apparently disables it by causing a brake fluid leak and flags down Sheriff Pete , the real sheriff. She murders him by dropping the car on his head and, presumably, steals his clothes to become the new sheriff.'] ['Jon , Denice , and Tom  are three kids whose father goes away for a business meeting. He leaves them in care of their Aunt Tess  who is a militaristic religious extremist who only lets the kids do homework and chores while preaching to them against dating, staying up late, movies, music, and why their lifestyle is wrong. Tom gets an official Rambo Hunting Knife in the mail and Tess will not let him have it. They get into a physical struggle over Tom keeping it, and Aunt Tess accidentally gets fatally stabbed in the stomach. The three kids then dismember her body, placing it in the freezer. They then take her body out of the freezer so they can put her in the woodchipper. They grind her body to shreds. They then think it\'s over. But then, Tess\'s son, Kim , who was recently released from prison, comes to their home and is told that his mother is "not here" and has "left." He is involved in some kind of money wiring deal and came there to get money from his mother. He decides to take monetary value from the children\'s home and threatens them if they don\'t give it to him. Denice and Tom trick him out to the "expensive" wood chipper, plotting to throw him inside, too. They lure Kim to look inside. Tom turns it on and Kim is pushed in by Jon. Jon drives Kim\'s car to the airport to hide the evidence and hitches a ride back. Denice and Tom are raking and mowing the lawn which Jon promised his father he would have done by the time he returned from the business meeting. With only a little bit of time before their father\'s return, Jon assists in the raking and mowing. The father then arrives home and sees his children welcoming him on the driveway. All appears normal, and the children got away with the crime. The camera pans back to the woodchips on the ground and Aunt Tess\'s bloody ring is lying on the ground when the film ends.'] ['{{plot}} Dr. Alan Feinstone  has everything what he wants in his life. A beautiful wife, a nice house, a job as a dentist, a popular reputation and is obsessed with order and cleanliness. However, everything changes on the day of his wedding anniversary, he spies on his wife Brooke, and spots her cheating on him and having sex with their filthy poolman, Matt. Feinstone, going berserk about this, waits for them to finish, and retrieves his handgun  and then follows Matt in his car, tailing him. He is led to Paula Roberts\'s house, a friend of Brooke\'s. Hiding the gun behind his back, he quickly makes up a story about inviting Paula to a surprise party for Brooke. He then sneaks into her backyard in time to see Paula invite Matt inside. Paula\'s dog, a rottweiler, emerges from the yard and attacks Feinstone. He shoots the dog through the head in self defense. He returns through his car and proceeds to drive to work. At his dental practice, Feinstone\'s first patient of the day is young Jody Sanders, there for his very first dental appointment. Feinstone begins to clean Jody\'s teeth. Everything goes smoothly at first, until he imagines that Jody\'s teeth are brown and rotten. His dental pick slips, stabbing Jody in the gums. Jody\'s mother picks up her crying, bleeding child and leaves angrily. Feinstone sees his second patient, beauty queen April Reign, and invites her inside his office. Meanwhile, Detective Gibbs  investigates the death of Paula\'s dog. He suspects the perpetrator was the burglar who has been recently robbing houses in the neighborhood, though that criminal has never used a gun before, which makes him suspicious. Alone with April, Feinstone sedates her with nitrous oxide so that he can fill a cavity in one of her molars. As she drifts off into unconsciousness, Feinstone imagines that she has transformed into his wife. He begins kissing and fondling his "wife" on the dental chair, then begins to choke her. April starts to cough and half-wakes up from the gas. Feinstone snaps out of his trance and quickly re-buttons April\'s blouse and finishes removing her pantyhose. Hiding the pantyhose behind a counter, Feinstone helps the still-coughing April into the arms of her manager, Steve Landers . He leads them out claiming April is dizzy from the nitrous oxide. Steve returns a few minutes later and furiously punches Feinstone hard in the mouth presumably after what April told Steve about her encounter with Feinstone. They leave angrily, threatening a lawsuit for sexual and physical assault on their way out. Feinstone decides to end the day early and sends his staff and patients home. Especially disappointed is Sarah, a teenager who desperately wants to get her braces removed. Candy, Feinstone\'s friendly office manager, tells her that she\'ll have to wait until tomorrow. Later that night, Brooke meets Feinstone at his practice. He reveals his new Italian opera-themed patient room. He encourages Brooke to try out the room\'s dental chair and clean her teeth. When she does, Feinstone binds her to the chair with a scarf and sedates her with nitrous oxide. With operatic blaring in the background, he begins to pull out Brooke\'s teeth and cuts out her tongue. Investigating the burglaries, Detective Gibbs and his partner Detective Sunshine arrive at Feinstone\'s door the next morning to ask him some questions. As they speak, Brooke—still alive, but sedated—lies on a pool chair with a bikini on to distract Matt in the backyard while Matt cleans the pool with a scoop. Just as the policemen leave, Matt finds what seems to be a severed tongue in his net. He lifts Brooke\'s hat from her face to alert her of this discovery. She moans, reaches for him and displays her mutilated mouth; all her teeth are missing and her tongue is completely cut. Feinstone emerges from the house with a kitchen knife and stabs Matt to death. Waiting for Feinstone when he arrives at his practice are Sarah and Paula. Feinstone sees Paula first, much to Sarah\'s disappointment. When Paula\'s conversation turns to how good a job Matt does for her, Feinstone asks for a dental drill and begins overly-aggressively drilling her tooth. As her tooth is destroyed, his assistant, Jessica, questions what he is doing. Feinstone snaps out of his trance and asks Jessica to finish up. Instead, Jessica whispers to Paula to leave. When Feinstone discovers that Paula has left, he fires Jessica on the spot. She pulls out April\'s pantyhose from the previous day and threatens to expose Feinstone. Grabbing the hose from her hands, Feinstone wraps them around Jessica\'s neck and strangles her to death. At the police station, Detective Sunshine discovers that the bullet pulled from Paula\'s dog\'s murder scene only matches one gun in the area: the Walther PPK owned by Feinstone. He and Detective Gibbs drive to the Feinstone house to question him further. Near the pool, they discover Matt\'s body. They quickly break into the house and find the mutilated Brooke, tied to the bed but still alive. Meanwhile, IRS agent Marvin Goldblum, using Feinstone\'s tax problems as leverage, extorts a free dental exam and tries to extort a payoff from the doctor. This does not go over well with Feinstone. He inserts a retractor into Marvin\'s mouth and cracks his jaw wide open. He then uses a dental drill to slice into Marvin\'s tongue. Later, Feinstone\'s other assistant, Karen, finds Marvin still in the dental chair. The doctor grabs her and inserts a needle full of air into her jugular. The air bubble travels into her brain and kills her. As the flirtatious Candy leaves for lunch with dental equipment salesman Matthew Zeigler, Sarah finally gets called back to have her braces removed. Feinstone removes them and shows Sarah her smile in the mirror. As with Jody, he imagines her teeth brown and rotting. He pulls out his gun and aims it at her forehead. Sarah slams the exam light into Feinstone\'s head and escapes. She hides in one of the dental rooms, where Sarah finds the blood-soaked Marvin, who attacks Feinstone, but Feinstone recaptures her. Hysterical, Sarah promises to brush her teeth three times a day and to never eat candy. This satisfies the doctor and he leaves. The two detectives arrive, but they are a little too late. They follow him to a university where the doctor teaches dentistry classes. There, Feinstone at gunpoint manically instructs all of his students to pull all of the teeth out of all their patients. His vision warps again and he sees all of the people he has mostly killed or mutilated over the past few days, including Matt. He shoots Matt, who turns out to be a dental student. The detectives burst into the room, but Feinstone uses a hostage to escape. Eventually, he wanders into an auditorium where an opera singer is practicing. Enchanted, he watches her from behind. When he reaches out to touch her, she transforms into Brooke, who laughs at Feinstone. Defeated, he gets on his knees and is arrested by the detectives. In the final scene, the audience sees Feinstone in a psychiatric hospital. He is carted off to his regular dental appointment, when his toothless wife Brooke begins to work violently on his mouth.'] ["After a heated argument with her military police turned cop husband, Lawson; Russian immigrant house wife, Lara storms off into the night convinced he's more married to his job than her. On her drive to a friend's house, she takes pity on a mournful hitchhiker Justin Mckay, desperately searching for a ride. Her offer of a lift to him plunges her into a night of pure terror as Justin is seriously disturbed, twisted by a tortured childhood which ended in being made to see his little sister's shocking murder and mutilation at the hands of his brutal alcoholic mother  who systematically slays anyone who harms or offends him on a murderous impulse, as he captures their dying moments on his Polaroid camera. As Lawson struggles to follow Lara despite a leg in plaster, he is left for dead by our Justin, but recovers and now must search the steadily darkening roads for Lara, while her deeply troubled captor Justin continues his uncontrollable slaughter-spree, rampaging through the night leaving behind carnage and fiery devastation on his path of madness."] ['The film centres on Jeff Stenn , a successful writer who is happily married to his wife, Tree . Jeff, due to a shortage of money, accepts a job to write a screenplay about a real-life homicide that happened 35 years earlier. A seemingly psychotic director  who believed that creativity had unleashed dark forces, killed his pregnant wife and in-laws for no apparent reason before committing suicide. As Jeff continues to work on the screenplay, several accidents occur around him that directly mirror events in his script. Jeff begins to think that his writing has the power to affect reality, and must question whether finishing the script will bring about the death of his own family.'] ['Detective Lucas McCarthy  finally catches the serial killer named "Meat Cleaver Max"  and watches his execution. McCarthy and the others watching the execution are shocked to see Max withstand enough voltage to physically burn his body before finally dying. Max, however, has made a deal with the devil in order to return from the grave and frame Lucas for a series of grisly murders. He also scares the McCarthy family  and the parapsychologist they hire. Lucas\' only hope of stopping Max for good is to destroy his spirit before Max destroys his life and family.'] ['In 1976{{fact}}, campers pull a prank on the caretaker, Cropsy , during the night. They sneak into his cabin and set up a skull next to his bed with candles in the eye sockets. When Cropsy awakens to the campers banging on his window, he is so frightened by the skull that he knocks it onto his bed where it ignites his sheets and clothes. Aflame, Cropsy leaps from his bed and knocks over a gas tank, causing flames to spread through the cabin. The boys watch as Cropsy, engulfed in flames, stumbles out and falls into a river. Five years later, Cropsy is released from hospital, wearing a coat, sunglasses and hat to hide his deformities. Out of rage, he murders a prostitute. He then sets out to another summer camp named "Camp Stonewater". Cropsy arrives and tries to attack a female camper,tiger, but he hesitates. The next morning, camper Sally  showers and pulls back the curtain, exposing camper Alfred , who runs away. Sally\'s screams bring Karen , Michelle , Todd ([[Brian Matthews  and Eddy , who catch Alfred. Michelle demands Alfred leave, but Todd talks to him. Todd learns that Alfred has no friends, and was pulling a prank on Sally. Glazer  later attacks Alfred, but Todd tells Glazer to cool off, and Alfred apologizes to Sally. That night, Alfred spots Cropsy outside his window, but no one believes him. At the mess hall, Karen tells Michelle that she and Eddy are going to sleep together, but she should return before morning. After supper, Karen and Eddy go to a lake to skinny dip. Just as Eddy and Karen are about to have sex, Karen reconsiders, upsetting Eddy. Upon leaving, Karen discovers her clothes strewn in the woods. As she collects them, Cropsy grabs her and slits her throat. The next morning, Michelle finds Karen has not returned. She and Todd find Eddy, who tells them she left. They discover the canoes have been cut adrift on the lake that surrounds the camp. Michelle does not believe Karen is the culprit, so some campers create a raft to collect the canoes, while other campers and counselors gather wood. Eddy, Fish and Woodstock  board the finished raft, along with two female campers. Alfred begins to explore, while Todd reassures Michelle that Karen is fine. Eddy and the campers spot a canoe and paddle toward it, only to have Cropsy jump out and kill them all with his shears. Michelle worries about Karen, while Todd takes Dave , Alfred and others on a camp out. As night falls, Glazer finally has sex with Sally, but suffers premature ejaculation. He later goes to get matches to start a fire and resume their intimacy. Cropsy then appears behind Sally, and shoves his shears into her chest. Alfred finds the spot where the couple stayed, and watches as Glazer returns. He uncovers Cropsy, thinking he is Sally. Cropsy pins Glazer to a tree with his shears. Alfred returns to the others. He awakens Todd and tells him about what he just saw. Todd does not believe him until he finds the bodies. He is then attacked by Cropsy, who knocks him out, and chases Alfred. Alfred is chased, while Todd chases after Cropsy with an axe. The campers see a raft moving towards them with no one on board moving. When Michelle approaches the raft, she discovers it is full of dead bodies. On the island, she rows the remaining kids towards the campsite. Meanwhile, Cropsy has captured Alfred, and drags him towards an abandoned mineshaft. Todd follows nearby, and hears Alfred\'s screams, finally tracking him down to the mineshaft, where Alfred has the garden shears embedded into his arm, pinning him to the wall. Michelle returns with the campers, and calls the police to helicopter the kids and survivors to safety. Todd looks through the mine opening for Cropsy and Alfred. When he steps across a piece of track, a mine car up on a raft rolls down, causing him to fall. He falls through a wall and discovers Karen\'s body, hanging from the ceiling. He and Cropsy struggle, and when Cropsy\'s disfigurement is shown, he remembers he was involved in the original prank. Alfred takes the shears, finds Cropsy and Todd, and helps stab Cropsy. The police arrive, while Michelle travels by boat to find Todd and Alfred. While Todd and Alfred are leaving, Cropsy attacks them. Alfred ignites Cropsy\'s clothes and Alfred hits him with an axe. Afterward, Alfred and Todd make their way out to Michelle, who brings them to the helicopter and to the hospital.'] ["In Meadowvale, California, on June 9, 1970, three babies are born at the height of a total eclipse. Due to the sun and moon blocking Saturn, which controls emotions, the babies develop into children who are heartless and uncaring, with no feelings of remorse for their awful offences. Ten years later, in 1980, Curtis, Debbie and Steven begin to kill the adults around them and are able to escape detection because of their youthful and innocent façades. However, when Timmy and Joyce discover their crimes, they find themselves as the targets of the evil children. Their attempt to warn their neighbors about them are ignored. Soon enough, Beverly discovers Debbie's horrible secret with the newspaper clippings as evidence as proof and learns that she, Curtis and Steven were responsible for the murders. She realises that Joyce and Timmy were telling the truth all along and confronts her sister for it. Beverly and Mrs. Brody forbids Debbie from hanging out with Curtis and Steven. Debbie responds by killing her older sister in retaliation with a bow and arrow. They soon attempt to murder Joyce and Timmy. However, they fight back and manages to capture Steven and Curtis. While Timmy calls the police from a neighbor's house, Debbie manages to escape from the backyard and gets inside her mother's car. She manages to lie about Curits and Steven trying to set her up to take the fall for the attacks. At the end, Curtis and Steven are arrested by the police much to the shock and anger of the town. Before being taken away, Curtis smiles evilly at Joyce and Timmy, intending for revenge. The last scene shows Debbie playing with a tool outside the motel room next to a truck and her mother comes out looking for her. It's revealed that they are in the Witness Protection program after what happened. Her mother has Debbie recite her name again as Beth Simpson and she promises to be a good girl. After they leave, it's revealed that she has murdered a truck driver."] ['Set in Australia in 1999, two British tourists, Liz Hunter  and Kristy Earl  are backpacking across the country with Ben Mitchell ([[Nathan Phillips , an Australian friend and contrarian from Sydney. Currently in Broome, Western Australia, they constantly get drunk at wild, extravagant pool parties and sleep rough together on the beach. Ben buys a dilapidated Ford XD Falcon to facilitate their road journey from Broome to Cairns, Queensland via the Great Northern Highway. After stopping at Halls Creek for the night, the trio make another stop at Wolf Creek National Park, which contains a giant crater formed by a 50,000-ton meteorite. While exploring the crater, Ben and Liz kiss, after various hints from Kristy. Hours later, upon returning to their car, the group discovers their watches have all suddenly broken and the car won\'t start. Unable to discover the problem, they prepare themselves to sit out the night. After dark, a Crocodile Dundee-styled man named Mick Taylor  comes upon them and offers to tow them to his camp to repair the car. After initial hesitation, the group allows Mick to take them to his place, an abandoned mining site several hours south of Wolf Creek. Mick regales them with tall stories of his past while making a show of fixing the car. His manner unsettles Liz and Kristy, although Ben is less concerned. While they sit around a fire, Mick gives the tourists drugged water which he describes as "rainwater from the top end". The water causes the tourists to eventually fall into unconsciousness. Liz awakens late the next afternoon to find herself tied up in a shed. She manages to break free as night falls, but before she can escape the mining site, she hears Mick torturing Kristy in a garage by shooting at her, sexually abusing her and tormenting her. Liz sets the now-dismantled Falcon on fire to cause a distraction and goes to help Kristy while Mick is busy trying to extinguish the blaze. She then manages to shoot Mick with one of his own rifles, blasting him in the neck and apparently killing him. The women attempt to flee the camp in Mick\'s truck, but a wounded Mick stumbles out of the garage and blasts at them with a double-barreled shotgun, before giving chase in another truck. The girls evade Mick in the bush by rolling his truck off a cliff and hiding, before returning to the mining site to get another car. Liz leaves the hysterical Kristy outside the gates, telling her to escape on foot if she does not return in five minutes. Liz enters another garage and discovers Mick\'s large stock of cars as well as an organised array of travellers’ possessions, including video cameras. She watches the playback on one of them and is horrified to see Mick "rescuing" other travellers stranded at Wolf Creek in almost identical circumstances to her own. She then picks up another camera which turns out to be Ben\'s, through viewing some of Ben\'s footage, the recording ends focusing on a scene with Mick\'s truck in the background, indicating he\'d been following them long before they got to Wolf Creek. She gets into a car and attempts to start it, but Mick shows up in the back seat and stabs her through the driver\'s seat with a huge knife. After more bragging, he hacks three of Liz\'s fingers off in one swipe. He then severs her spinal cord with a knife, paralyzing her and rendering her a "head on a stick." As Liz lies motionless on the garage floor, he interrogates her for Kristy\'s whereabouts. By dawn, a barefoot Kristy has reached a surfaced highway and is discovered by a passing motorist. He attempts to help Kristy, but is suddenly shot dead from far away by Mick, who has a sniper rifle. Mick then gives chase in a fast Holden HQ Statesman, prompting Kristy to take off in the dead man\'s car. She succeeds in ramming Mick off the road, but he coolly gets out of the car and shoots out Kristy\'s back tire, causing the car to flip over into the bush. A disoriented, dazed Kristy climbs out of the wreckage and attempts to crawl away, but is coldly shot dead by Mick. He bundles both Kristy and Liz\'s bodies into the back of the wrecked car and torches it before calmly driving off. The action then cuts to Ben, whose fate until now has not been revealed. He awakens to find himself nailed to a mock crucifix in a mine shaft, with an aggressive, caged Rottweiler in front of him. He manages to painfully extract himself from the crucifix and enters the camp in early daylight. Ben escapes into the outback, but becomes hysterical and dehydrated, eventually passing out beside a dirt road. He is discovered by two shocked Swedish travellers who take him to Kalbarri, where he is airlifted to hospital. The ending reveals that no trace of Kristy and Liz were found despite several major police searches. Early investigations were disorganised and hampered by confusion, lack of physical evidence and the alleged credibility of Ben. After four months in police custody, Ben was cleared of all suspicion. The film then ends with the silhouette of Mick Taylor walking into the sunset, rifle in hand.'] ['An old farmer  and his beloved son  lament the fate of the old skilled hog farmer, now giving way to modern factory-type slaughterhouses. When businessmen make an offer for the scuzzy rundown place, the father and son refuse.'] ["Five young friends take a snowboarding trip in the mountains, here lurks a hulking killer. In flashback's centers the killer's childhood and youth in the 80s.«Fritt Vilt 3» tilbake til starten"] ['Matthew , a deranged young man, mangles his father with a tractor. During his fun, he loses his own hand. Afterward, he is placed in a hospital for the criminally insane. During his time there, he learns from a letter that his mother has found a new husband, which angers him. He gets his hand replaced with a hook while in the hospital. Time passes, and he is eventually released. Unfortunately, he is far from being cured and goes on an unparalleled killing spree.'] ['{{expand section}} Header parallels the grueling psychological journeys taken by Stewart Cummings, a jaded ATF Special Agent working his dead-end job and Travis Clyde Tuckton, a bumpkin ex-con who returns home from prison to be with his handicapped grandfather, Jake Martin. Stewart struggles to provide for his sickly girlfriend, Kathy, whose medicine cost more than he can afford – that is until he starts running narcotics across the county line for a man named Dutch. Meanwhile, Travis’ grandfather educates his grandson about generations of family feuds and encourages him to enact revenge. Their stories become linked and descend into barbarity when Stewart begins to investigate the nauseatingly violent murders of mountain-folk in the area. Both Stewart and Travis blindly follow the motivating force of love, justifying their actions along the way, until they’re led down colliding paths of death and self-destruction.'] ['Monkey Shines tells the story of an athlete, Alan Mann , who is rendered quadriplegic when struck by a truck. Mann fails to adjust to his condition, becoming suicidal and despondent. When Geoffrey, a scientist friend of his , who has been experimenting with the injection of human brain tissue into monkeys, learns this, he is prompted to supply one of the experimental monkeys, named "Ella" , to Alan as a helper. Their relationship is amicable at first, with Mann\'s life being made much easier, and the two bond deeply, even sharing poignant moments with moving music. But soon their interaction takes a decidedly sinister turn. The monkey seems to become a telepathic receptacle for Mann\'s anger at his state and his desire for revenge against friends and family for slights both real and imagined. Simultaneously, Mann develops a romantic relationship with Melanie , a specialist in quadriplegia and helper monkeys. The film contains a rare example of an intimate love scene with a severely handicapped protagonist. Ella\'s protectiveness turns to savage jealousy even as Alan is informed that his condition may be reversible. First, she kills Alan\'s former girlfriend , who is now in a relationship with his former doctor , by setting their romantic hideaway on fire. Ella then kills Alan\'s jealous, overbearing mother , by electrocuting her in the bathtub. Ella then kills Geoffrey by injecting him with the very syringe of Sodium pentobarbitone he had intended to use on her, and disables Melanie, before trying to light her on fire. Alan, helpless and alone, is able to summon the strength to turn on the tape player with the romantic music, summoning Ella to cuddle close to him. When Ella cradles Alan\'s head, Alan, rightfully betraying Ella\'s trust, bites and thrashes his head back and forth in a violent manner, hitting Ella into the handles of his wheelchair before finally relinquishing his bite and throwing her toward the open deck of his tape machine, killing Ella. Alan undergoes surgery to restore his mobility, eventually regaining the ability to walk short distances with the aid of crutches. But before then, as he in rest post-surgery, he has a nightmare that he flat-lines and Ella leaps out of his back while the doctor is making his surgical incision.'] ['A young man  is being tortured - two tubes are inserted into his nose, and  truck battery acid is pumped in through one pipe - causing blood to pour out through the other. The man\'s captor then kills him with a large hammer. Jennifer Tree , a young fashion model and cover girl, had captured the attention of photographers and for better or worse, the public at large. On an evening out alone, Jennifer is stalked and drugged. She wakes in a stupor to find herself captive and confined to a cell. A series of metal bins and numbered lockers abruptly swing open in front of her. They contain personal items taken from her apartment. She is forced to view videotapes containing images of the victims who were tortured previous to her captivity, as well as videotaped interviews she had given to the media in the past. Trapped, realizing there is no way out, Jennifer pleads and screams to anyone who might hear her. During her confinement, she is subjected to various forms of psychological and sensory torture. She is forced to drink a blended mixture of an eye, ear and nose of a previous victim. Then, she is made to decide who dies within 30 seconds: herself or her dog, Suzy. She decides to kill her dog. Jennifer eventually finds she is not alone. A young man, Gary , is being held captive in an adjoining cell. The two make contact and try to find out why they are being held. After watching the horrific scene, they find their way out. A fight ensues between Gary and the captor. Ultimately, Jennifer is drugged once again and wakes up confined to a "torture chair" with Gary. Ready to pull out Jennifer\'s tooth, Gary insists the captor take his out instead. After a moment of consensual sex, Gary awakens to find Jennifer, who has been drugged once again. He takes out a key to an adjoining cell. A tape is shown, wherein a woman lying on her bed with cigarettes and pills scattered everywhere, is apologizing to her son for "touching" him. The boy then repeatedly stabs his mother, killing her. He then snaps a picture of his dead mother. In a little corner glancing at the photo, a smirk appears on his face. Meanwhile, Gary\'s key opens a door into a house, revealing that Gary and his older brother Ben are actually the captors. Gary joins Ben in the kitchen where they make sushi. Gary tells Ben that he is falling in love with Jennifer. Ben strikes Gary and says "play them, don\'t play with them". Ben then puts something in the fridge. When he turns around, Gary stabs him. Gary then watches the same tape of the woman lying on the bed that was shown earlier. The boy stabbing his mother is revealed to have been Gary looking at a smirking Ben. After the tape, Gary is seen reviewing a series of pictures in an album, and then there is a knock at the door. At the sound of knocks, he rushes to put the albums in a cabinet. He slams the cabinet\'s door, but it does not fully close. The knockers at the door are two detectives looking for Ben. Gary tells them that his brother is not at home. The detectives enter the house, get comfortable, and ask to watch a big sports game on TV. One of them flips the channel to the surveillance video of Jennifer sleeping. Seeing this, Gary shoots them both. He runs down to where Jennifer is being held and tells her that he has killed "them" and that it is time to go. He places Jennifer in a room and tells her not to go. One of the detectives, not dead after all, jumps out at her but she kills him with a bat, believing him to be one of her captors. Jennifer then discovers the partially open cabinet and begins viewing the albums. Gary is in all of them. While she looks through the albums, Ben, also not yet dead, jumps out at her. However, Jennifer finishes him off by stabbing the knife more deeply into him. After viewing the albums, Jennifer hears the detective\'s pager ring and she goes through his personal belongings. Gary is seen recording Jennifer and claims she belongs to him and will help him clean the mess up. She tricks him and sprays ammonia in his eyes before running off. On her way, she cuts a series of wires and electrical cords, preventing doors, code entries, and lights from working. Jennifer picks up a flashlight and the gun used on the detectives. She does not know how to use a gun, and fails to cock it. Gary then throws her on a bed and points the gun at her face, explaining why the gun had not fired, while firing a round into the ceiling to demonstrate and terrify her. She kicks him in the groin and retrieves the gun from him. This time she cocks the trigger. Instead of then shooting him in the head, she shoots him in the groin, and says "thanks". She then shoots him in the heart and exits the room. She leaves the house, and the last scene shows posters of Jennifer\'s new perfume, DARE.'] ['Thirteen years ago, on Valentine\'s Day at the local lovers lane, Dee-Dee  and Jimmy  are making out in their car when a maniac wielding a steel hook attacks them. The pair escape the car and find another couple, Harriet and Ward, slautghtered in the car next to theirs. Soon after, psychiatrist Jack Grefe ([[Richard Sanders  arrives, along with Sheriff Tom Anderson , who is distraught to find his wife, Harriet, is one of the lovers who has been murdered. The killer, Ray Hennessey  is caught, and revealed to be one of Jack\'s patients who had an obsession with Harriet. Ray is incarcerated in a nearby state institution for the criminally insane. Present day, Jack has devoted the last thirteen years of his life keeping Ray, who has gained the nickname "The Hook", behind bars. Meanwhile, Tom\'s outcast daughter, Mandy Anderson  attends high school with Michael Lamson , his girlfriend Chloe Grefe , Bradley , Janelle Bay , Doug  and couple Cathy  and Tim . After Chloe hears Michael is planning to break up with her, she attempts to drown him in the swimming-pool. Jack is called down to the school about his daughters actions, where he meets with Principal Penny Lamson  and Tom. Chloe is suspended and Penny grounds her son, Michael. Soon after, Ray retrieves his hook and escapes the mental institution. Tom goes to the school to warn Penny of the hooks escape, as it was her husband who had been cheating with Harriet and murdered years before. At night, Michael sneaks out of his house. While the group hang out at the bowling alley, Chloe makes out with Bradley. Also there is Tom, who tells Deputy David Schwick  to look out for Chloe because of the hooks escape. Chloe tells Doug that her and Bradley are going to lovers lane, and to make sure that Michael finds them there. Doug then asks Mandy out, as he does not have a date. While traveling, Chloe and Bradley stop at a shop, where Chloe does not realise a worker has been murdered. Deputy David enters the shop, only to be stabbed to death. Penny finds Michael is missing and alerts Tom. Mandy, Michael, Janelle, Doug, Cathy and Tim arrive at lovers lane. Doug, Tim and Cathy see Bradley\'s car, and so walk over to it, only to find Chloe and Bradley murdered, before Tim is stabbed to death by the hook. Doug and Cathy run back to the car, and the rest escape. However, Doug soon crashes the car. Meanwhile, Tom and Penny find the group have gone to lovers lane. As the group regain consciousness they are split up. Mandy and Michael reach a farmhouse where they arm themselves with a gun and find Janelle and Doug, who has broke his leg. While Janelle tends to an unconscious Doug, Mandy and Michael go to the barn to retrieve the missing owners car. Back in the house, Janelle begins to hear noises before the hook smashes through a window. Janelle runs upstairs and barricades herself in a room, but the hook gets in and stabs her to death. As Doug wakes up, the hook kills him. As Michael drives the car out of the barn, he accidentally runs over Cathy, killing her. The pair re-enter the house and find Doug and Janelle dead before the hook attacks them. They lock themselves in the kitchen, and turn the gas on, before escaping out a window. As the hook opens the door, a match is sparked and the house blows up. Meanwhile, Tom and Penny go to Jack\'s house where they find a shrine to Mandy. As Mandy and Michael drive back to town, they find Chloe still alive, who swears Bradley is still alive at lovers lane. Arriving at lovers lane, Mandy gets out the car and finds Tim\'s phone and manages to speak to Tom, before the hook grabs her through the bushes. In the car, Chloe attacks Michael with a hook, revealing herself to be a killer, but he escapes. As Chloe exits the car she runs into Ray, who slaughters her with a hook. Mandy is forced into a car by her attacker, revealed to be Jack who survived the explosion and was the one that killed Harriet and Ward years previously. Michael saves Mandy, and as a fight breaks out, Tom and Penny arrive and shoot Jack before Mandy eventually kills him with a hook. The next day at lovers lane, Mandy and Michael are medically checked, before they leave Tom and Penny and enter a police car, that is revealed to be driven by Ray.'] ['Liz Wetherly is a popular black singer in need of a break from her hectic schedule. When her car breaks down, she ends up stuck in a remote southern town that‘s been left for dead “ever since they put in the interstate.” She is forced to spend the night at “Bertha’s Oasis”, a rundown lodge that serves as the bizarre fiefdom of an overweight ex-burlesque star who lords over her much younger boyfriend, Eddie, and a cast of equally-strange townsfolk. Eddie fancies himself a singer on par with Elvis, and expects Wetherly to make him famous. But things turn ugly for Wetherly, who endures rape and abuse at the hands of her captors, before culminating in her bloody revenge on the “rednecks” that terrorized her.'] ['A man meets a young woman, leading to a tale wherein a man in a white suit kills everyone at a birthday party.'] ["On the evening of August 15, 1995, Nick Rosenberg and his girlfriend Laura Faulkner arrive at a small hotel in the Everglades, Florida to celebrate the 80th birthday of the famous physician Dr. George Rosenberg. At the same time, it is a family reunion for Nick and his siblings, whom he has not seen since the death of their parents years ago. Initially, it is a pleasant reunion. Shortly after the first hotel employee mysteriously disappears, however, the Rosenbergs realize that they are the target of a bloody revenge. Nick fights for his family's survival. Then, an evil lie from the past comes to light."] ['The film begins with four teenagers, Sean , Heather , Barry  and Jenny  on prom night who decide to leave early and end up getting into a car accident. However, when one of Jenny\'s friends, Heather, notices her boyfriend is missing, she looks around for him until she finds him cheating with another girl. In her state of madness, Heather starts up Barry\'s car with Jenny and her boyfriend Sean in the backseat with Barry chasing after the car. Heather stops the car and lets Barry in and fights with him about the cheating. While on the drive to clear her anger, Jenny gets in a wreck in the woods with another car whose driver passes out after saying he is not hurt. Heather, Barry, and Jenny, split up to find help while Sean keeps an eye out at the scene of the crash. Heather, Barry, and Jenny then run into an insurance office in the woods as well as an insurance agent working there named Darla  who calls up her husband Vilmer Sawyer , a trucker with a cybernetic leg, to aid the scene of the crash and also to bring along his pickup truck. Once there Vilmer examines the passed out teen with Sean, but breaks the kid\'s neck and runs over Sean with his pickup. Jenny, Heather, and Barry split up leaving Jenny alone. Heather and Barry end up finding the house belonging to the cannibals as well as finding Leatherface and his brother W.E. Sawyer  who threatens Barry with a shotgun while Heather is put up on a meathook by Leatherface. Barry asks W.E. to put the gun down just so that he can use the bathroom. W.E. gives him the permission to use it and Barry walks into the house, uses it, but only to find a skeleton in the bathtub as well as the remains of previous victims in there. After that, he is immediately hit over the head with a sledgehammer by Leatherface . Jenny, now on her own runs into Vilmer who attacks her, and chases her with his pickup only to lose her, but also knowing she\'ll run into Leatherface. Jenny as planned ends up running into and from Leatherface and takes shelter in the house, but when she runs up the stairs to escape from Leatherface, who cuts down the door to get in, she finds a stuffed Texas Ranger as Leatherface gets in through the door even more. Jenny grabs a gun and fires it a Leatherface scaring him, but then he chases her up to the roof. Jenny falls off it as Leatherface tries attacking her on top of it. Once on the ground, Leatherface jumps out and chases her through the woods. Jenny is chased by Leatherface until she runs into the insurance office only to find Darla who subdues her along with W.E. who shows up too. Darla eventually after buying some pizza takes her back to the house and explains to Jenny right before dinner the shocking truth of why the family do what they do. She tells her that Vilmer works for a very old secret organization that nobody knows about that still operates to this day . Jenny tries to escape by running out of the house into Darla\'s car for dear life, but gets attacked/subdued by Vilmer. Jenny finds herself at the dinner table along with a family of "corpses". She awakes and finds Darla telling her that she can\'t help her, since she was subdued when she first met Vilmer and supposedly had a device put in her head that will make her head explode if she does anything to help her. Darla hears someone outside the house and it turns out to be Rothman , who is the leader of the secret organization Vilmer works for, and came to check if Vilmer is doing his work properly. Rothman is furious when he sees what Vilmer has been doing with Jenny, and he explains what they are really supposed to do: show people the true meaning of horror. Rothman then shows some strange tattoos and piercings and licks Jenny\'s face. After that, Jenny tries to escape again and she manages to use a remote control used to operate Vilmer\'s robotic leg to stop him from catching her, giving Jenny the advantage to escape. When Vilmer regains the control of his robotic leg, he sends Leatherface to chase after her with his chainsaw. Leatherface chases Jenny through a road in which a truck suddenly appears, driven by an old couple that help Jenny get into their truck so she can be safe. Leatherface then appears again on top of the pickup truck, driven by Vilmer, trying to reach Jenny with his chainsaw. After the truck crashes, Jenny runs again and Vilmer gets out of the pickup truck so he can also chase her until a plane that\'s passing by hits Vilmer in the face and kills him. Leatherface then starts to scream in horror and stops chasing Jenny. Suddenly, a black car is seen on the road and Jenny gets into it. It\'s revealed that Rothman is inside the car. He tells Jenny not to worry, apologizes for all of the events and explains that this was intended to be a "spiritual experience". Meanwhile, Leatherface watches the black car and proceeds to start up his chainsaw and swing it around. After Jenny curses at Rothman inside the car, he tells her that he can take her to a hospital or a police station. Once Jenny\'s at the hospital, she consults with a cop , who assures her that the police will investigate this entire situation and figure everything out eventually. When at the hospital, she sees none other than Sally Hardesty , who notices Jenny\'s state of shock. The movie ends with Leatherface swinging his chainsaw around in anger  due to the death of Vilmer.'] ["In the opening scene, Dad dies on the sidewalk at a local shopping mall. At home, his family is wondering what has become of him. Dad is a watchmaker who repairs watches at the local street market, and the family's sole means of support. As Dad has not appeared for the day's work, Alfredo and Julián head to the market. Julián gets into a fight with a customer who claims that his watch is three weeks overdue. The woman who runs the market appears and tells the boys to get out; the rent for their booth at the market is three weeks in arrears. When the boys arrive at home, their sister Sabina enters in a state of shock and announces that their father has died. Their mother, Patricia, locks herself in her room; the children wonder who is going to provide for the family now—specifically, their meals: this family performs cannibalistic ritualis. In a local morgue, the coroner and police chief bring in Tito and Owen, two police officers. The coroner shows them a finger in a jar: it was pulled from Dad's stomach. The two officers are asked to solve this cold case. Initially, they resist, but as the film continues, they become more interested in the fame that will come with solving it. Alfredo and Julián attempt to kidnap a homeless child from under a local bridge, but are chased off by the other children. Next, they attempt to kidnap a prostitute, who also resists; Julián punches her and stuffs her into the back seat of their car. Back at home, the boys tie the prostitute to the kitchen table. Patricia comes in and beats the woman to death with a shovel, claiming that Alfredo doesn't know what he's doing, and that prostitutes are not appropriate for the ritual. Alfredo runs out while Julián and Sabina wrap the dead woman in a sheet. Julián and Patricia take the prostitute back to the corner where the boys picked her up and dump her in front of the other street workers. Patricia tells the women to leave her sons alone. The prostitutes report the incident to officers Tito and Owen. Alfredo goes looking for another potential meal; he finds one in a gay bar. Alfredo brings the young man home with him, but Julián says he won't eat a homosexual. As Alfredo and Julián argue the point, an older man comes down from their mother's room. Alfredo's prey escapes while Patricia beats the older man over the head with a shovel. As Sabina and Patricia prepare the man for eating, Alfredo and Julián chase after the gay boy. The boy runs to a fast food stand and asks the police to protect him. Officers Tito and Owen hear the call over their police radio and head to the scene. They decline to call for backup, as they want to keep the glory of the collar for themselves. Officer Tito stops Alfredo and Julián in an alley, but is shot by a beat cop who mistakes Tito for one of the cannibals. Officer Owen discovers Sabina and Patricia preparing their meal in a ritualistic fashion, but the women kill him. Alfredo and Julián arrive home; Patricia insists on completing the ritual, but Alfredo drags her away to escape over the rooftops. The police break into the family's home and Julián shoots several of them before the family manages to hide upstairs. Their mother says that one must survive to carry on the ritual and flees to the rooftop. The prostitutes earlier in the film see her escaping and pursue her. Meanwhile, Alfredo bites Sabina. Julián, thinking Alfredo's attempting to eat Sabina, shoots Alfredo. The police kill Julián and take Sabina away in an ambulance, believing that she is a surviving victim. The next morning Patricia's body is discovered in a playground, beaten to death. At the end of the film, Sabina escapes from the hospital and is seen watching a young man in the local market, intent on her next meal."] ['{{plot}}  December 24, 1971, Salt Lake City, Utah: Billy Chapman, a little boy, goes with his parents and younger brother Ricky to see their grandfather for Christmas at a mental institution. Billy\'s grandfather is sitting in a catatonic state, when Billy\'s parents go off to review his records with the doctor, leaving him alone with Billy. Grandpa starts talking to Billy, and tells him the frightening "truth" about Santa Claus: Santa not only gives presents to the good boys and girls, but punishes the naughty ones. This begins the themes of being naughty and punishment, linking these things to Santa Claus. As soon as the parents return, Grandpa goes back into his catatonic state. Afterwards, the family leaves the mental hospital. Not far away, a man in a Santa Claus suit goes to a convenience store and robs it at gun point. He kills the clerk and runs out of the store. Later that night, the Chapman family are on their way home and see the same man in the Santa suit pulled over at the side of the road. When they ask him if he needs help, he pulls out a gun. Billy\'s dad puts the car in reverse and tries to get away, but the man shoots him and pulls his mother out of the car leaving his brother behind. Billy gets out of the car and hides. When he sees the killer rips his mother\'s blouse open and try to rape her, he looks away. Baby Ricky remains in the car crying and his mother resists and he slits her throat. When Billy looks up, the killer is gone. 1974: Billy and his brother are living at St. Mary\'s Orphanage staffed by Catholic Religious Sisters. Billy is in class, and the kids have been assigned to draw Christmas pictures. When Billy shows his drawing of a bloody Santa Claus and a decapitated reindeer to the Sister that is teaching, she sends Billy to Mother Superior. She sees the drawing and sends Billy to his room as punishment. Sister Margaret, one of the nicer Sisters, can see that Billy still is haunted by his parents\' deaths. Mother Superior does not care what Sister Margaret thinks, and tells her that she will take care of Billy personally, planning to increase his sadistic discipline. Later on, Sister Margaret lets Billy come outside to play. As Billy leaves his room, he hears the noise of an older boy and girl having sex. Mother Superior sees it and beats them with a belt. When she comes out she is angry at Billy for both seeing this sexual activity and leaving his room to begin with. She tells Billy that what the older kids were doing was "Very Naughty" and they thought they could do it, without getting caught. She then said "When we do something naughty, we are always get caught and then we are punished." She also said that "Punishment is absolute, punishment is necessary, punishment is good," then she tells him that leaving his room was naughty and then brings Billy there and beats him with a belt. A couple nights later, Billy has nightmares about Santa and runs out of his room, only to be caught by Mother Superior, who then ties him to his bed. Then on Christmas morning, when the kids line up to sit on Santa Claus\'s lap, Billy is forced to join in, but he wiggles away and punches the fake Santa and runs to his room, scared as Mother Superior comes in. He is presumably punished. It is presumed this treatment continued for many more years. 1984: Billy is now 18 years old and Sister Margaret is trying to help him get a job at Ira\'s Toy Store. He meets Mr. Simms, the store owner, who hires Billy. Things go well until Christmas. Billy\'s co-worker, Andy, starts yelling at him for poor job performance and he claims Billy was an alright kid at first, but now he is giving him attitude, snapping at him and staring off into space. Billy has a crush on his female co-worker, Pamela, and has a dream about making love to her, but being stabbed for his acts. Billy gets scared when he sees the store Santa after he was yelled at again by Andy. The next day, Billy is asked to play Santa Claus because one of his fellow employees was injured. A little girl gets scared to sit on Billy\'s lap as he is Santa, but Billy says stop it, she is being naughty, he does not bring presents to naughty children and he punishes them severely. Sister Margaret calls the store managers at the store and asks how Billy is doing. When she is told by the store managers that Billy is now the store Santa Claus, she hangs the phone up looking frightened. Later that night, when the employees are celebrating Christmas, Andy takes Pamela back to the stock room. When Billy goes to the room a few minutes later and sees Andy attempt to rape Pamela, he has flashbacks of his parents. Billy snaps, thinking that he has the power to punish, since he is now Santa Claus, declares "Naughty!" and hangs Andy by the Christmas lights. Pamela becomes upset and starts yelling at Billy, who stabs Pamela saying "Punishment is necessary Pamela, Punishment is good." Mr. Simms hears the noise in back and checks it out, thinking he is hallucinating in his intoxication. When he turns around, he is hit in the head with a hammer claw. The assistant manager, Mrs. Randall, sees the lights turned off and goes to look for Mr. Simms in the stock room. When she sees his corpse, she becomes hysterical and tries to call the police, but the phone line is cut. She sees Billy with an axe in his hand and tries to hide. When Billy comes closer, she knocks him down and tries to escape by breaking the window glass with the axe. Billy picks up a bow and arrow and kills her. Having killed everyone in the store, Billy leaves to go punish the "naughty people". When Sister Margaret comes to see Billy, she sees Mrs. Randall\'s corpse and screams. Later, Billy sees two young adults having sex. The girl, Denise, hears something upstairs. Thinking the cat wants to come in, she opens the door. She sees that Billy is there. He shouts "Punish!", then impales her on the antlers of an antelope head hanging on the wall. The boy goes to look for her and sees her hanging her on the wall. He tries to call the police, but Billy stops him and throws him out the window. A little girl sees Billy at the door in his Santa Claus outfit. He asks her if she has been naughty or nice. When she says that she has been good, Billy kindly gives her the box cutter he used to kill Pamela as a Christmas present, then leaves. The police are on the look out for Santa and nearly shoot a dad dressed as Santa going in his daughter\'s window. Billy goes through the forest as he hears police sirens. Later on, two kids going sledding are attacked by two bullies. While one slides down the hill, Billy cuts one of the bullies\' head off and hits the other with the ax killing him as well. On Christmas morning, Captain Richards tells Sister Margaret there have been three more murders, in addition to at least five they know of. Margaret tells the captain that there is an order to the killings, and realizes that Billy is the killer. Sister Margaret understands there is a connection after what he has been through during his childhood, while Richards thinks Billy is insane but not stupid. She quickly deduces that his next attack will be at the orphanage. At the orphanage, the children are waiting to see Santa Claus. Mother Superior is in a wheelchair now due to an unknown illness and asks the children to write thank you notes to Santa. The police are looking for Santa and are ordered to shoot and kill if necessary. A man in a Santa suit walks up to the orphanage. Officer Barnes arrives and tells the man to stop. He ignores Barnes and continues walking toward the orphanage. When the police shoots him, the kids panic. The Captain and Sister Margaret think it is over until the dispatcher tells them the report is all wrong. Sister Margaret realizes too late that the police shot Father O\'Brien, who did not stop because he was deaf. Officer Barnes unsuccessfully attempts to explain what happened to Mother Superior. She becomes angry at what happened and leaves. Barnes walks off to search the grounds. When he sees an open door that leads to the basement, he goes down to look and finds nothing. However, when he gets back to the door, he hears "Punish!". Billy steps around the corner and slams his axe into Barnes\' stomach. Billy starts walking toward the orphanage. One of the kids sees him and lets him in against Mother Superior\'s orders to keep him out, since she knows Billy will kill her as revenge for abusing him. As Billy is about to kill Mother Superior, she then tells the children "There is no Santa Claus." Billy frowns, says "Naughty!", and begins to swing his axe, but Richards shoots him. Although he killed many people, Sister Margaret is sad to see Billy die. Before he passes, Billy says, "You\'re safe now... Santa Claus... is gone." Billy\'s little brother Ricky, who watched Billy die, looks down at his dead brother\'s body, then slowly looks up with a cold stare towards Mother Superior and bitterly says, "Naughty...".'] ["Jack  was left a mute simpleton after a car accident. After being institutionalized for a year, Jack is released. As Halloween is approaching, Jack decides to carve a pumpkin, but the gourd had been taken over by an evil force and begins to bleed. Over the next 4 days, Jack lapses into occasional catatonic states, during which time the group of friends who had caused the earlier accident, are murdered one-by-one by a deformed Jack O' Lantern creature."] ["Actors: China Doll:Carmel Rose The film tells three bored teenagers who spy on their neighbour at a holiday apartment, suspecting they have discovered a serial killer in action. But little do they know that the highrise holiday apartment they are staying in is actually full of hidden cameras and that 'someone' is actually watching them from every angle. Everyone is being watched at one point."] ['Kate Miller is a sexually frustrated housewife who is in therapy with New York City psychiatrist Dr. Robert Elliott. During an appointment, Kate attempts to seduce him, but Elliott rejects her advances. Kate goes to the Metropolitan Museum and, in a critically applauded ten-minute sequence played entirely without dialogue, she has an unexpected flirtation with a mysterious stranger. Kate and the stranger "stalk" each other through the museum until they finally wind up outside, where Kate joins him in a taxi. They immediately begin to have sex in the cab, and continue at his apartment, unaware that Kate has left her underwear on the floor of the cab. Hours later, Kate awakens and, thoroughly satisfied with her evening, decides to discreetly leave while the man, Warren Lockman, is asleep. Kate sits at his desk to leave Warren a note and finds a document indicating that he has contracted a sexually transmitted disease. Mortified, she leaves the apartment but on the way out realizes that she has left her wedding ring on the stranger\'s nightstand, and she returns to retrieve it. The elevator doors open on the figure of a tall, blonde woman in dark sunglasses wielding a straight razor. Kate is slashed to death in the elevator. A high-priced call girl, Liz Blake, happens upon the body and catches a glimpse of the killer, therefore becoming both the prime suspect and the killer\'s next target. Elliott receives a bizarre answering machine message from "Bobbi", a transgender person he is treating. Bobbi taunts the psychiatrist for breaking off their therapy sessions, apparently because Elliott refuses to sign the necessary papers for Bobbi to get a sex change operation. Elliott eventually visits Bobbi\'s new doctor and tries to convince him that Bobbi is a danger to herself and others. The police are less than willing to believe Liz\'s story, so she joins forces with Kate\'s revenge-minded son Peter to find the killer. Peter is an inventor, and uses a series of homemade listening devices and time-lapse cameras to track patients from Elliott\'s office. They catch Bobbi on camera, and soon Liz is being stalked by a tall blonde figure in sunglasses. Several attempts are made on Liz\'s life. One, in the New York City Subway, is thwarted by Peter, who sprays Bobbi with homemade mace. Liz and Peter scheme to get inside Elliott\'s office to look at his appointment book and learn Bobbi\'s real name. Liz baits the therapist by stripping to lingerie and coming on to him, distracting him long enough to make a brief exit and leaf through his appointment book. When she returns, it is Bobbi rather than Elliott who confronts her; they are the same person. Elliott/Bobbi is shot and wounded by a female police officer who looks like Bobbi: she is the tall blonde figure who was trailing Liz. Elliott is arrested by the police and placed in an insane asylum. It is explained by Dr. Levy that Elliott wanted to be a woman, but his "male" side would not allow him to go through with the operation. Whenever a woman sexually aroused Elliott, it was "Bobbi", who represented the female side of the doctor\'s personality, who became threatened. In a final sequence, Elliott escapes from the asylum and slashes Liz\'s throat in a bloody act of vengeance. She wakes up screaming, realizing that it was just a dream as Peter runs to her bed to comfort her.'] ['Claire is a society reporter who will do whatever she has to for a story. Claire manages to keep herself in the headlines by marrying and romancing a series of wealthy men, all of whom die under mysterious circumstances. To deflect suspicion from herself, Claire frames her former boyfriend, sportswriter Les Burns.'] ['In 1999, ten years have passed since the fifth film; Freddy Krueger had failed to attack Alice Johnson  and her son Jacob as they have moved away from Springwood, and it states that through a series of mysterious suicides and murders every child in Springwood, Ohio has died. It indicates there is evidence of another teenager; the film opens with the teenager on an airplane, but he falls through the plane before it can leave Springwood and after he escapes his house, which is directly across from 1428 Elm Street, he tries to flee on foot. Freddy tracks him down and ejects the boy from Springwood by sending him through the border. As Freddy cannot cross the city line, the opening seals itself when Freddy touches it. He tells him to be a "good little doggy, and go fetch!" Waking without his memories of who he is or where he comes from, the teenager is eventually picked up by police and taken to a youth shelter, given the name John Doe by Maggie Burroughs, who becomes his care giver. Her other charges are introduced, Carlos, who was abused by his family, ending up with a hearing impairment, Tracy, a tough and angry girl who was raped in her youth by her father, and Spencer, whose rich lifestyle and overbearing father had driven him to drugs. Doc, a therapist at the shelter specializing in dream therapy suggests that Maggie try to help John discover who he is and that might help her with her own recurring nightmares of a little girl and a woman being murdered. John begins having strange nightmares of the same little girl and of his "memory" trying to get him to free it. A newspaper clipping about a missing woman he brought makes Maggie suggest they go to Springwood to find his past. They take the van, but John has a hallucination of the little girl telling him to "go back" and the panic reveals that Tracy, Carlos and Spencer also stowed away in the van hoping to escape the shelter. They arrive in Springwood where the adult population for the greater part has lost their minds and are both fearful and coveting of the new children who have come to town. Unable to contact the shelter, Maggie sends the three teens back while she and John decide to investigate the school. However, an unseen force keeps sending them in circles and they are unable to leave Springwood. They eventually walk down an abandoned street and break into a house, which quickly changes its exterior to reveal that it\'s 1428 Elm Street, Freddy\'s old house. Maggie and John go to the high school, where they learn that the town\'s psychosis was caused from the deaths of every child in Springwood. They find a memoir of the original child victims of Freddy, as well as where the newsletter clipping came from. They also learn Freddy had a child that was taken away when he was arrested. They go to the orphanage where the matron is playing "Skip to my Lieu" with imaginary children. She recognizes John and Maggie, causing John to believe he is Freddy\'s son but Maggie finds this lead unreliable Unable to get any new clues, except that Freddy\'s child\'s first initial was \'K\', they leave. Meanwhile, Carlos falls asleep and encounters Freddy who magnifies his hearing aid, then uses his claws on a chalkboard to make Carlos\' head explode from the noise, in reality his body vanishes and Tracy leaves the house while Spencer lays stoned in front of the television which is working for him, but is just a worn out piece of junk to Tracy. She gathers Maggie and John, and they return, but not before Spencer is pulled into a video game where images of his father and Freddy are the antagonists. His body zooming around the house like he\'s in a video game. Tracy and John enter the nightmare to save him, but they are too late when Freddy knocks Spencer into a pit that Maggie witnesses. She is able to wake Tracy, but John is too far gone and they try to escape, however in John\'s dream he is in a parachute and Freddy appears. Freddy says John is not his child and destroys the parachute making John fall on bed-spikes killing him, revealing his child was a girl, which he relays to Maggie in his dying breath. Freddy absorbs John\'s soul and enters Maggie\'s mind, now able to travel where she goes. At the shelter, no one remembers Spencer, John or Carlos including Maggie\'s boss. But Doc is able to remember them because he can control his dreams and is free of Freddy\'s influence. Maggie remembers what John said and finds out that she had been adopted. She has another dream in which she witnesses Freddy Krueger kill his wife in front of Maggie\'s eyes. Freddy reveals her name is Katherine Krueger and that she told the authorities he killed her mother resulting in her being put up for adoption. Freddy reveals the true purpose for his killing spree: to get revenge against the people who took his daughter away from him by killing their children. But now that they\'re all dead he can start over, because "Every town has an Elm Street!" showing the shelter as his intended "playground." Before waking her from the dream. Meanwhile Tracy is attacked by a nightmare of her father who becomes Freddy and she is able to wake herself by burning her wrists over the stove. They go to Doc, who was also attacked by Freddy. He discovers that he could bring a piece of Freddy\'s shirt out of the nightmare and that would be how they kill him. Maggie enters a dream state and puts on a pair of 3-D glasses that serve as the climax of the film to the audience in the 3D version of the film. She steps into Freddy\'s past, revealing his conception and childhood which he displayed the signs of psychosis, killing small animals and being taunted by children. Then him as a teenager in which he learned how to control his pain, using it to kill his abusive stepfather. Then seeing Freddy  murdering Maggie\'s mother, right in front of Maggie\'s eyes when she was about four-years-old and eventually discovering the demons responsible for granting his immortality. She confronts Freddy finally, and manages to grapple him until she\'s brought out of her dream where he vanishes. Managing to track Freddy  down in the store room. He tries to reason her and that he loved her. She rejects him and knocks his glove off his hand. Freddy traps Maggie in the storage cage with him where hand-to-hand combat ensues between father and daughter. Freddy tries to kill his own daughter, but she proves to be a perfect match against him. Maggie using several confiscated weapons against Freddy and eventually disarming him. Freddy encourages her to wear the glove and let him teach her how to use it, but she uses the glove to stab him in the abdomen. Tracy tosses Maggie a pipe bomb which she jabs into his chest and says "Happy Father\'s Day" before escaping the resulting explosion. Blown to bits in the real world, the dream demons are unable to resurrect Freddy once more  and escape. The 3D glasses that Maggie put on appear suddenly, and they celebrate that Freddy\'s finally dead for good.'] ['{{Plot}} On August 26, 1939, a woman dies giving birth to a male child in a meat-packing plant in Travis County, Texas. The plant manager disposes of her body in a dumpster near the packing plant and leaves the scene. A young woman, Luda Mae Hewitt, discovers the baby in the dumpster while searching for food for her family. She names the infant Thomas and takes him to the Hewitt residence, raising him as her own son. In July 1969, 30 years later, Thomas, now known as \'Leatherface\', has grown up and goes to work in the same slaughterhouse in which his mother died, working for the same boss that put him in the dumpster. The plant is closed by the health inspector due to its horrid conditions. When one of the boss\' assistants insults Leatherface calling him an "animal", he leaves. Later that day Leatherface returns and brutally mauls and kills his boss with a sledgehammer. While leaving he finds and takes a chainsaw. Charlie Hewitt , Luda Mae\'s son, learns from Sheriff Hoyt  what Leatherface has done, and accompanies the Sheriff to arrest Leatherface. When they find Leatherface, Charlie kills the Sheriff with a shotgun and takes his outfit, weapons, and identity. Charlie and Leatherface take the Sheriff\'s body home and butcher him for stew meat, telling the rest of the family that they will not leave and with "good people like the sheriff here" they\'ll never go hungry again. The family then feasts on Sherrif Hoyt\'s remains. Meanwhile, two brothers, Eric  and Dean , drive across the country with their girlfriends Chrissie  and Bailey . They are traveling to enlist to go to Vietnam, Eric having already been, and Dean with a draft card. They stop at a local eatery where they encounter a group of bikers. As the group pulls away, a female biker, Alex, follows them. Dean decides he\'s not going to Vietnam and starts to burn his draft card in front of Eric, Chrissie and Bailey. Alex pulls a shotgun out to get the group to pull over. A chase ensues, ending with the group crashing and flipping their car when Eric turns around attempting to shoot at the biker. In the process, Chrissie gets thrown from the jeep and lands in the weeds, out of sight of the others. Charlie Hewitt/Sheriff Hoyt soon arrives on the scene; he immediately shoots Alex, finds the partially burnt draft card and demands to know which one of the guys is a draft dodger. To save Dean, Eric claims it\'s his. Hoyt makes them put Alex\'s body into his car, forces the rest of the group in as well , and calls for Uncle Monty to tow the wreckage. The truck comes and tows the car, in which Chrissie has hidden herself. Hoyt takes the group to the Hewitt house and calls for Leatherface. He then takes Eric and Dean to a barn and hangs them by their arms from the rafters; he later ties Bailey to the kitchen table inside the house. From afar, Chrissie sees her friends tied up and runs back to the highway to get help. She flags down Holden, one of the bikers from the diner, and tells him about Alex and her friends. Holden takes out a revolver and follows Chrissie back to the Hewitt house. At the Hewitts\', Hoyt wraps Eric\'s face with cellophane, slowly suffocating him for trying to dodge the draft. Dean begs him to stop and finally admits the draft card was his. Hoyt shoves a knife into Eric\'s open, cling-film covered mouth, making him cough up blood and allowing him to breathe. He then releases Dean and tells him he can walk away free if he can do 10 push ups. As he does them Hoyt brutally beats him with his nightstick. Dean eventually does 10 push ups and Hoyt beats him more, then says he\'s free to go, although Dean seems to be temporarily paralyzed. When Hoyt leaves, Eric breaks free from his restraints and gets Dean to safety while he sneaks back in the house and frees Bailey. As they escape, Hoyt comes outside with his shotgun and Eric stands in his way while Dean runs, when Dean stands in a bear trap Hoyt takes advantage of the distraction and knocks out Eric. Bailey almost escapes, taking Monty\'s truck and driving down the road, but Leatherface hooks her in the chest with a meat hook and drags her from the truck and back into the house. Eric is thrown on the kitchen table. Leatherface then carries Eric into the basement where he sees Alex\'s body hanging from the ceiling, parts of her limbs missing. Leatherface punches him, incapacitating Eric, and nails metal straps to a wooden table across his wrists and ankles. Leatherface then picks up a knife and cuts open Eric\'s shirt. While Eric begs for his life, Leatherface inspects the shape and form of Eric\'s face. Holden and Chrissie arrive at the house to search for Alex, and Holden ends up shooting Uncle Monty in one of his kneecaps, before taking Hoyt hostage. Hoyt leads him to a bedroom and calls for Leatherface to help him. Eric now has a strap across his neck as well, and Leatherface starts to cut the skin and flesh from his forearm. Chrissie hears Eric screaming and finds the door to the basement, Leatherface opens the door and walks past Chrissie carrying his chainsaw, without noticing her. Hoyt shows Holden to Bailey, who is tied to a bed with covers around her and incorrectly thinking this must be the girl he\'s looking for. Holden points his gun at Hoyt to kill him, Leatherface stops him and kills him with his chainsaw while Bailey is screaming which distracts Chrissie and Luda Mae. Chrissie finds Eric and tries to free him, but cannot release the metal straps nailed to the table. He says he cannot feel his arm and we see that Leatherface has removed all his nerves. Chrissie hides under the table when Leatherface comes downstairs with his chainsaw in hand. Leatherface inspects Eric\'s face again then starts up his chainsaw and plunging it into Eric, killing him and cutting right through the table. He then skins Eric\'s face, putting it on as a mask. Hoyt calls Leatherface upstairs. Hoyt tells Leatherface he likes his new face and to chainsaw off Uncle Monty\'s legs due to the bullet being unable to be removed. Later Chrissie finds and tries to free Bailey, whom Hoyt has tied up again on the second floor. As Chrissie attempts to untie her friend, Hoyt and Leatherface catch her and bring her downstairs for "dinner". There, Dean sits unconscious as Leatherface slits Bailey\'s throat with a pair of scissors, then grabs Chrissie and tries to carry her downstairs into the basement. In the doorway to the basement, Chrissie manages to stab Leatherface in the back with a screwdriver and escapes by jumping out a window. Realizing their crimes will be discovered if Chrissie managaes to escape, Leatherface furiously chases her with his chainsaw. Dean regains consciousness, escaping to the front of the house. There he assaults Hoyt by smashing his head repeatedly into the solid concrete porch in a similar way Hoyt did to him. He then heads out to find Chrissie. Meanwhile, Chrissie hides in the old slaughterhouse. After noticing Leatherface has found her, she grabs a knife she found and hides in a tank of pigs blood. She cuts Leatherfaces\' face with the knife, but before she can finally escape to freedom, he violently throws her to the ground. As he is about to kill Chrissie with his chainsaw, Dean arrives to stop him but Leatherface impales and kills him with his chainsaw. Meanwhile, Chrissie makes her way to a nearby car and seemingly escapes the nightmare once and for all. Chrissie, desperately looking for help, sees a Deputy who has pulled someone over. As she is about to pull over, Leatherface suddenly appears to have been hiding in the back seat. He kills her by ripping his chainsaw through the back of her seat which then rips through her abdomen, and the car runs over the Deputy and the man pulled over, killing both of them. Leatherface exits the car and walks back along the road to the Hewitt house.'] ["After his girlfriend leaves him, lonely horror movie buff Adam Waltz moves to Los Angeles to be closer to her. There he lands a walk-on role in studio chief Connor Pritchett's latest cinematic schlockfest, Pirate Wench. One night, a killer starts stalking the set, and before long bodies are piling up. On the downside, it wreaks havoc with the film's budget. On the upside, Adam's part keeps getting bigger and bigger. With ace police detectives Shields and LaRue on the case, everyone hopes the mystery will be solved quickly. But when Adam begins seeing the ghost of an actress who died fifty years ago, there may be more to this serial killing spree than a psycho with a taste for torture."] ['Reality show contestant, Kimberly  is driving through the West Virginia back country searching for the location of her next project. When driving, she accidentally hits a teenager. She stops to check on him, but the teenager reveals to be a cannibal and bites her lips off. She attempts to escape but runs to Three-Finger, who splits her in half with an axe. The two drag her body halves off. Former U.S. Marine Colonel Dale Murphy  hosted a survival reality game show in the West Virginia forest and the other contestants: promiscuous Elena , wisecracking skateboarder Jonesy , U.S. Marine officer and Iraq veteran Amber , former high school football player Jake Washington  and a goth Nina Papas  starting to wait in production. After Kimberly does not show up, the show\'s producer Mara  steps into her place. As the game starts, Three-Finger kills Neil, one of the television crew, scalps him and wears his scalp as a hairpiece. When Dale prepares to set the games, Three-Finger and another cannibal, "Pa" attacks Dale before Pa knocks him unconscious. Nina and Mara find a log cabin in the woods. Mara enters the cabin to try to find a telephone as Nina follows her. When they check the house, they hear the occupants return and force themselves to hide in the bedroom. They witness a female cannibal, "Ma" giving birth to a mutant deformed baby. Her daughter, "Sister" spots them at the bedroom but Nina and Mara manage to escape to the toilet pit. They run away into the woods, but Mara is hit in the head with an axe. As the cannibals drive up with Mara\'s body, Nina sets off to find the others. After M  and Elena had oral sex, He returns to the RV as Elena stays in the lake. When Elena hears the cannibals and the alarm setting off, she starts to get dressed as Sister emerges out of the bushes and slashes Elena to death with a machete. While M is in the RV, he witnesses the cannibals driving it. Pa attacks M before returning to the cabin. Meanwhile, Dale manages to escape himself and fights Three-Finger. After a short fight, Dale shoots Three-Finger with a shotgun. As Jake, Amber and Jonesy were eating some meat, Nina returns and tells her story. When Jake realizes it was Kimberly\'s leg they had been eating, He, Nina, Amber and Jonesy attempt to escape. Dale finds the old man from the first film in his cabin. The old man tells him how the cannibals\' mutations were caused by effluent dumped in the river by the abandoned paper mill and then reveals that he is their father and attacks Dale. After a brief skirmish, Dale kills the old man by blowing him up with a stick of dynamite. After finding the RV gone, they run towards the woods and encounter Brother and Sister. After fighting the cannibals, Jake searches for Nina while Amber and Jonesy go for help. Jake rescues Nina from the pit and they jump into the river. After Amber and Jonesy are killed in a trap, Nina and Jake make it to the mill. They enter the mill and find a garage full of vehicles stolen from the victims. They find the RV and Jake enters and witnesses M being decapitated from a live feed monitor inside. He and Nina attempt to leave but Sister and Pa capture them both. The abandoned mill is revealed to be the mutant\'s home. Jake is strung up and Nina is strapped to a chair with barbed wire at the table. The mutants eat dinner, also force feeding Nina. Dale sneaks into the compound and distracts the cannibals. As the cannibals were searching for him, Dale manages to kill Brother and Sister with a dynamite attached to an arrow. He frees Nina and Jake, but Dale is killed by Pa and Ma, who were incensed by the deaths of their children. Nina successfully escapes, but Jake wanders in a room fitted an enormous tree de-barker before he was pursued by Ma and Pa. Nina returns to the mill and manages to kill Pa and Ma by pushing them into the de-barker. They find Kimberly\'s abandoned car and drive away to safety. Meanwhile in the river, Three-Finger is survived and feeding his newborn mutant son with a finger and a bottle filled with nuclear waste. His laugh is heard as the credits roll.'] ["{{Expand section}} Three showgirls head to Las Vegas for work when their car breaks down. Andre  offers to help them and takes them to his place where he keeps women confined in chains and makes them perform circus tricks in his barn. His father, who has become a homicidal mutant because of the homestead's proximity to a nuclear power plant, lives next to them in a shed."] ['After winning a beauty pageant, Helen , along with Julie , Barry , and Ray  go out of town to celebrate. Returning in Barry\'s new car, they hit and apparently kill a man, who is unknown to them. They dump the corpse in the ocean and agree to never discuss again what had happened. One year later, Julie is returning home from college. She has not spoken with Helen, Barry or Ray since the accident. Upon returning home, Julie receives a letter that says "I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER!" Panicking, Julie goes to see Helen at Shivers, a department store where she works. Julie shows Helen the letter and they decide to visit Barry. After going over the incident, Barry accuses Max. The trio go to see Max , but Barry insists on going in the factory alone. Barry persuades Max to go into the back room and angrily attacks him, telling Max he should keep his mouth shut. Julie finds Ray working on the docks. Ray tries to make up with Julie but she runs off. Inside the factory, Max is brutally murdered with a meat hook to his neck by an anonymous figure. The killer attacks Barry next, running him over with his own car. The killer is shown wearing a black raincoat and wielding the meat hook. Julie arrives at the hospital to see Barry and finds Helen and Ray there. Julie believes the man they hit was named David Egan, because a newspaper article a few weeks after the accident mentioned his body washing up on shore. Helen and Julie go to visit Missy , David\'s sister. The duo is convinced that she is innocent. Missy tells them she had a visit from a man claiming to be David\'s friend named Billy Blue. At Helen\'s home that night, the killer breaks in, hiding in her closet. The next morning, Helen wakes up with the crown on her head with most of her hair cut off to bits with "SOON" written in lipstick on her mirror she screams out in horror and smashes the mirror. Julie gets a call from Barry, who tells her to come to Helen\'s. On the way, Julie hears rattling in her trunk. She opens the trunk to find it full of live crabs and Max\'s dead body. She shuts the trunk, runs to Helen\'s and brings her and Barry to her car, but the body and crabs have disappeared. Julie is convinced the killer took the body and that they are not safe. Later they run into Ray back at the house, in which Barry punches Ray in the face, fell to the ground and tells them he got a letter. Julie decides to see Missy again while Helen and Barry watch each other\'s backs at the parade. Julie meets Missy again and Missy admits that David committed suicide that night. David had been wracked with guilt after accidentally killing his fiance, Susie, in a car accident on the same road on the same night a year before. Missy shows Julie an alleged suicide note written in the same style as Julie\'s letter from the killer. Julie tries to explain that she was in a car that hit and killed David that night, but Missy becomes irate and tells Julie to leave. At the Croaker pageant, Helen sees Barry murdered by the killer during a performance of Irene Cara\'s "Fame" by one of the beauty pagent entrants who had entered the year before. However, neither the killer nor the body are found afterwards. A police officer  drives Helen home. The killer lures the cop into an alley and kills him after tricking him into believing that his car has broken down. Helen runs to the store where Elsa is working, but the killer finds both of them and, whilst Elsa is locking the back door, he kills Elsa. Helen manages to elude the killer by jumping out of the window into a dumpster and she flees through the back alleys to the parade. Helen then turns around and is then stopped by the killer who shoves her into a stack of tires and slashes her to death, her screams are to no avail as the noise of the parade drowns them out. Julie learns that the killer is Ben Willis , a fisherman. He murdered David Egan after David and Ben\'s daughter Susie were involved in a car crash near where the four teenagers hit Ben. Susie was killed in the accident and David was unharmed. Ben blamed David and killed him a year later, making it look like a suicide. On the way home, Ben was hit by the group. Julie goes to see Ray on his boat and tells him the story, but he does not believe her. Julie notices the name on his boat is "Billy Blue", the same name used by David\'s friend who had visited Missy, and accuses him of the murders. He chases her but is knocked unconscious by a man who tells Julie to get on his boat. After she does, she learns he is Ben Willis, the real killer. She is chased around the boat while Ray regains consciousness and steals a boat to save Julie. In a room full of ice, Julie finds Helen and Barry\'s bodies. Ray climbs aboard and is almost killed by Ben, but is caught in the boat\'s net. He climbs back aboard and saves Julie. Ben gets his hand caught in a rope and Ray hoists him into the air where Ben\'s hand is cut off by the pulley and Ben falls into the ocean. On land, Ray tells Julie that the reason he went to see Missy was because he was guilty and had to know who they hit. He tells her he loves her and they embrace. When a policeman asks for any reason why Ben would want to kill them, Julie and Ray both say they don\'t know. Ben\'s body is not recovered. A year later, Julie is in her sophomore year of college and is planning a trip to New York with Ray. Julie receives a cell phone call from Ray as she is in the bathroom turning on the shower. She steps out to take the call, and she receives a letter resembling the one she had got from Ben, but it only contains a pool party invitation. Julie returns to the bathroom, which has now filled with steam. On the shower door, "I STILL KNOW" is written. Ben jumps through the shower door and attacks her. Julie screams, and the credits begin with the popular song, "Hush" by Kula Shaker.'] ["When unspeakable evil falls on a quiet river town, sheriff Logan  is thrust into a chilling nightmare of death and mayhem. He is confronted with a series of horrific murders, each more vicious than the last, and soon learns of the community's seedy past and the evil that has risen from purgatory to exact revenge on the town."] ['The film takes place on Thanksgiving, when a young couple - about to settle down to dinner - are suddenly disturbed by the arrival of a seemingly helpless young man. They accept him into their home, hoping to aid him, but the couple quickly realise their guest is a psychotic serial killer, intent on murdering them in the most sadistic way possible. The couple attempt to flee and call for help, but the killer traps them in their house, playing a twisted game with them in an attempt to murder them before any help can arrive to save them.'] ['A group of teenagers celebrating the anniversary of the death of the local axe murderer Mary Hatchet suddenly find themselves face to face with the realities of this haunting urban legend.BLOOD NIGHT Update! Will MARY HATCHET Return For A Sequel?'] ['A young mother decides to become a stripper to earn some fast cash only to find her worst nightmares are about to begin when she falls into the hands of a religious fanatic intent on changing her "evil" ways.'] ["Farmer Vincent Smith and his younger sister Ida live on a farm with a motel attached. It's called “Motel Hello,” but the neon ‘O’ flickers. Vincent smokes meats said to be the most delicious in the area. The secret is human flesh, and Vincent has the areas around his motel strewn with various booby traps to catch victims. The victims are restrained, then placed in a 'secret garden,’ buried up to their necks, and have their vocal chords cut to prevent them from screaming. They are kept in the ground and fed until they are ready for harvest. Ida helps Vincent, who feels he does no wrong and sees the victims as animals. Vincent shoots out the tires of a couple on a motorcycle. The male, Bo, is placed in the garden, but Vincent brings the female, Terry, to the motel. The next morning, Vincent and Ida's naïve brother, Sheriff Bruce, arrives. Vincent tells Terry her boyfriend died in the accident and was buried: a trip to the graveyard shows his crude grave marker. Terry, having nowhere else to go, decides to stay at the motel. Vincent and Ida subsequently capture more victims for the garden while Vincent uses his folksy charm to woo Terry, much to Bruce's dislike, who tries to woo her himself without much success. Vincent captures more victims by placing a pack of cardboard cow roadblocks to entice victims, and luring in a pair of swingers who have read a fake ad and believe the hotel to be a swing joint. The next day, he suggests he teach Terry to smoke meat. Ida becomes jealous and attempts to drown Terry, but Vincent arrives to save her. This is catalyst for Terry, who tries to seduce Vincent. He agrees to marry her the next day. Bruce drives down to the motel to protest Terry's choice. He tells Terry Vincent has 'syphilis of the brain,’ perhaps providing a reason for his behavior, before Vincent appears and chases his brother with a shotgun. To prepare for the wedding, Vincent, Terry, and Ida drink champagne, but Ida drugs it so Terry passes out. Ida and Vincent then prepare some victims for the wedding. Meanwhile, Bruce does detective work and becomes suspicious of his brother. Vincent and Ida kill three victims and take them to Vincent's meat processing plant. Doing so loosens the dirt around Bo, and he begins to escape. Bruce sneaks back to the motel to rescue Terry, but Ida returns and ambushes Bruce when he leaves the room. She knocks him out, and then takes Terry at gunpoint to the meat processing plant. Meanwhile, Bo escapes and frees the other victims. Vincent sends Ida back to the motel to fetch his brother, but the victims knock her out. Terry tries to escape, but Vincent gasses her, and then ties her to a conveyor belt. He is interrupted by Bo, who crashes through a window, but Vincent strangles the weakened man. Bruce awakens, finds one of his brother's shotguns, and goes to the plant, but finds that his brother has armed himself with a giant chainsaw. Vincent disarms his brother, but Bruce grabs his own chainsaw and duels Vincent. During the fight, the belt Terry is tied to activates, sending her slowly towards a cutting blade. Despite suffering several wounds, Bruce drives the chainsaw deep into Vincent's side. Bruce frees Terry and then returns with her to his brother, who gasps his final words, leaving the farm and 'secret garden' to Bruce, and then lamenting that he was a hypocrite because he used preservatives. Bruce and Terry go to the ‘secret garden’ and find it empty, except for Ida, who is buried head first. They head past the motel, while Bruce comments how he was glad he left home when he was eleven. Terry suggests burning the motel, claiming it is evil. The sign saying “Motel Hello” finally fully shorts out, permanently darkening the ‘O’."] ['A young couple Aki and Kazuo  are snatched off the street while having their first date as a romantic couple after a few years working in the same office, and wake up shackled in a basement, which has all its walls covered with plastic. With no further explanation, a sadistic madman  degrades, tortures and mutilates them. Initially, he punctures Kazuo\'s belly with a screwdriver and slices his tongue, then rapes both, one at a time, forcing the other to watch. Sometimes he stops the torture to provide medical assistance and cure the couple\'s wounds, so they can continue to live for a long period of time. This way he cuts off all their fingers, makes collars with them, pops out Kazuo\'s right eye, removes the girl\'s nipples and cuts off her right arm. − − As the torture progresses, it is revealed he is simply doing it for sexual stimulation, and tells the couple he wants the two to survive. He finally castrates Kazuo, claiming he has found all the sexual relief he needs, so no longer needs the couple\'s "services". Then the couple is moved to a room which resembles a modern and clean hospital room, where the kidnapper takes care of the couple\'s wounds. − − While it is never explicitly mentioned on the movie, it becomes gradually apparent that the man has professional medical training, refined manners, taste for classical music, good wines and dresses with expensive clothes when he is not in surgical attire torturing the couple. At some point he even mentions he is a wealthy man, which suggests he may be a reputable surgeon, not merely a violent sadist, looking for an extreme and different way to obtain satisfaction on his lonely life; however, the couple also notes the doctor has a particular rotting smell always present behind his clean and elegant appearance. After several days healing, the "doctor" simply tells the couple they will be free to go, he will turn himself to authorities and, as apology for all the suffering he inflicted to the couple, he will give them all his fortune which seems to be very large, as compensation. After all the horror, in a moment alone in the hospital room, Aki and Kazuo promise to support each other once they leave the place and become a formal couple. − − It is unclear if the madman changed his mind, or if he was playing with the couple\'s hopes to survive and being released soon was part of his mischievous plan from the beginning, but immediately after communicating to them they will be released, the next scene takes the couple back to the scary basement. After being drugged, they are shackled again, exactly as they were the first time. The "doctor" announces they must participate in one final test of love strength. He pulls out a stream of Kazuo\'s intestines and attaches them to a hook. If Kazuo is able to cross the room to the other side , take a pair of scissors and cut Aki\'s ropes to release her, both will be finally freed. However, Kazuo fails due to blood loss and falls to the ground in agony . Aki begins to insult the doctor, telling him he is just the son of a whore that nobody cares about, and insists despite his refined manners and expensive clothes, he has an unusual and unbearable skunk odor, no matter how hard he tries to cover the stench. Angered, the doctor cuts off Aki\'s head in response and as her head falls down, it lands on the man\'s neck and bites him with her final breath. Kazuo on the floor, not dead yet, stabs him in the foot with the scissors as a supreme last action. The couple then die facing each other. − − In the epilogue of the film, the madman is revealed to have survived what happened to him in the basement, although he cannot walk properly. He is in a quiet forest where he respectfully buries the couple next to each other in a traditional Japanese way, leaving the scissors on their tombs as a symbol. The next scene shows him back in the same car he used to kidnap the couple, covering himself with lots of perfume to hide his skunk stench while a girl is walking by, and the screen cuts to black as he goes after his next victim.'] ['After the suicide of one of the inmates at a British young offender institution, a group of teenage offenders, along with a prison officer, are sent to a remote island, formerly used as a British Army training area, but now serving as a prison training area. They soon find out they are not alone on the island as some members of the group come across a camp site with two female young offenders and their prison officer. The story develops into a tale of betrayal and vengeance. Strange murders start occurring, and the boys eventually work out that they are being committed by the father of the boy who killed himself, a special forces soldier. One by one the teenagers and their supervisors are picked off, either by the father, his dogs, or by each other.'] ['{{Plot}} Undercover FBI agent Elizabeth Marcus, staying at a rundown cabin on Crystal Lake, encounters Jason and leads him to a clearing in the woods where he is attacked and blown to pieces by a government task force. The agents are celebrating the victory, and we cut to a mysterious figure in the forest questioning what the government just did saying "I don\'t think so", pointing out that Jason has been resurrected before. Jason\'s remains are sent to a morgue. The coroner is processing the autopsy making various notes, including the heart being twice the size of a normal human heart. As he brings a scalpel to the heart, it begins to beat slowly, then faster and faster. The coroner becomes hypnotized by Jason\'s beating heart and is compelled to eat it. This causes spirits to emanate from Jason\'s scarred body parts, and the coroner becomes possessed by the \'spirit\' of Jason. We see this as the reflection of newly hosted coroner is that of Jason\'s original form. The now possessed coroner begins a killing spree in route to Crystal Lake. Along the way he kills hospital guards , along with several teenagers. The major plot line within the movie is that the \'Jason spirit\' must move to new hosts, due to the normal disease of living tissue, and being damaged by gunfire, etc. This transfer happens by the host body regurgitating a creature from it\'s mouth, and into the new host. Jason makes his way to Diana\'s house. Steven attempts to protect her, but Diana is killed and Jason escapes. Steven is falsely accused and arrested for Diana\'s murder, and meets Creighton Duke in prison. Duke reveals Jessica\'s relation to Jason by asking Steven to \'pay\' for the information regarding the bloodline, bounty hunter Creighton Duke claims that only members of Jason\'s bloodline can truly kill him for good, "Through a Voorhees, was he born, through a Voorhees may he be reborn, and only by the hand of a Voorhees may he die." Therefore if he transfers the creature into a member of his family, he will be "reborn" back to his old form. The only living relatives of Jason are his half-sister Diana Kimble, her daughter Jessica, and her infant daughter Stephanie. Steven goes to the Voorhees house to find evidence to convince Jessica of his innocence and Jason\'s existence, but falls through rotten boards. Unscrupulous news anchor Robert Campbell, who is dating Jessica, enters and reveals on a phone call that he stole Diana\'s body, planted it in the house to be revealed during an upcoming investigative show to boost his ratings. Jason bursts in and possesses Robert and then leaves with Steven in pursuit. Jessica, who is unaware that her boyfriend is the undead killer, is attacked by him so he can be reborn through her but is disrupted by Steven, who manages to stop him and get Jessica into a car. He runs over Jason and explains the situation, but Jessica does not believe him and throws him out of the car and goes to the police. Steven turns himself into police and arrives at the station as Jason does; he frees himself again to protect Jessica, who now realizes that Duke was telling the truth. In the chaos, Duke makes his escape. The two make their way to the diner where Diana worked and where baby Stephanie is. As they do, Jason arrives and a violent melee ensues leaving much of the staff dead and Jason presumably so. Jessica and Steven discover a note from Duke, telling them that he has the baby and ordering Jessica to meet him at the Voorhees house alone. Jessica meets Duke at the Voorhees house. Duke throws her a knife, and when she catches it, the knife turns into a mystical dagger which can be used to permanently kill Jason. Meanwhile, Steven\'s friend Randy a police officer, is attacked by Robert at the diner. Back at the house, Duke falls through the floor, and Jessica is confronted by two police officers. One is killed accidentally with the dagger, and Jessica drops it under a dresser. The second is revealed to be Jason, and attempts to be reborn through Stephanie, but Steven arrives and severs his neck with a machete. The creature crawls out of Randy\'s neck, and makes its way to the basement, where Diana\'s body was planted. As Steven, Jessica, and Duke realize what is happening, as Jason can be reborn from any Voorhees relative, alive or dead, Jason explodes through the floor in his classic form. As Jessica attempts to retrieve the dagger the two men alternately fight with Jason. Duke is killed when Jason snaps his back in a bear hug, the fight between Jason and Steven ends up outside in a yard. As Jason prepares to kill Steven, Jessica jumps behind him and stabs him in the chest. This releases the tortured souls of Jason\'s victims into Heaven as light is shined upon him. Then large rock hands burst out of the ground, dragging Jason to Hell. The next morning Steven and Jessica walk off into the sunrise with their baby. After they depart, a dog unearths Jason\'s mask and then runs away. Freddy Krueger\'s clawed glove  bursts out of the ground and drag the mask to Hell as he laughs, setting up the events for Freddy vs Jason.'] ['A group of teenagers visit a lake with intentions to spend the weekend there. Despite warnings from the locals, the group continues with their weekend plan and soon discover the lake is cursed.'] ["The film follows a man, Jack , faking insanity in order to save his sister, Lily , who has been involuntarily institutionalized. The siblings soon find that the strange doctor at the asylum, Mr. Gianetti , has been testing an experimental compound, orphium, on the patients that seems to be turning them into flesh-eating zombies; Loomis , another patient, spreads the infection. The two siblings band together with a terminally paranoid man, Dave , and a helpful nurse, Nancy , in the hopes of finding a way out of the asylum. They are attacked by most of the prisoners and staff, who kill Nancy; while on the 4th floor, they encounter the doctor, who gives Dave an icepick lobotomy, incapacitating him; he attempts to get Jack too, but ends up being infected by Loomis. At the end of the film, as the two siblings are in a police car heading to the asylum to investigate, the officers  accidentally let the patients escape into the outside world. It ends with a panning shot, revealing the city below the asylum's hillside location. The secondary plot focuses on the affair between Charles  and Heather ."] ["Abby McWilliams  and her brother Loren McWilliams  are a pair of teenagers. Their parents Mac  and Mary Beth  are killed in an accident, and it's decided that Abby and Loren will live in the small town of Glenby, Florida with their uncle Charlie ([[Eddie Jones  and aunt Fay , who own a gas station and a smallish amusement park, both of which are on Charlie and Fay's property. Loren and Abby do not have much trouble making friends at the high school in Glenby. Loren starts dating Karen , who is the daughter of the local sheriff , while Abby starts dating a guy named Mark . Loren feels uncomfortable when he sees a guy with blond hair harassing Abby one day at school in the cafeteria. Mark tells Loren and Abby that the blond haired guy is Eddie Dutra , a drug-addicted teenager whose henchmen are Gideon , Moonie , Gordo , and Joe Bob . Dutra thinks Abby is very attractive, and that's why he wants to get his hands on her. Loren helps Abby keep Dutra at a distance, and Dutra does not like that at all. Dutra and his gang start retaliating against Loren for keeping them away from Abby. Dutra's retaliations keep getting more and more vicious until Dutra forces a showdown at the amusement park by kidnapping Abby. Charlie is severely injured by Dutra. Gordo is killed by a vicious dog, and Dutra kills the dog. Loren causes Moonie to be thrown to his death from the ferris wheel, then Loren causes Joe Bob to be electrocuted above the bumper car ride, then Loren uses the roller coaster to decapitate Gideon. Dutra then fires a shot at Abby, who flees to the parking lot of the gas station, where Dutra hits her with the gun. Dutra then grabs a nozzle from one of the gas pumps and lights it up to be used as a flame thrower. Loren grabs Dutra, and Loren and Dutra struggle over the nozzle. Dutra dies when Loren forces the nozzle to Dutra's face, setting Dutra on fire. On the next day, the newspaper headline reads: Bloodbath at Funland -- Five die as dope crazed vandals terrorize amusement park. Charlie survives his injuries, and the park is reopened after it's repaired. As Abby, Loren and his girlfriend drive away in a car, Joe Bob's little brother looks on in a threatening state."] ['A magician named Montag the Magnificent puts on elaborate magic shows in a dilapidated post-punk Los Angeles in which he seemingly kills, in brutal torturous fashions, beautiful young women who nevertheless appear alive and unharmed at the end of the trick. Later, however, the victims are found dead of the same wounds that Montag gave them. Ed Bigelow, a young journalist with a trust fund and vintage style, tries to solve the mystery, but ends up discovering that he may be more involved than he first thought.'] ["Trevor  survives a car accident that apparently kills his wife Kirsty Cotton  when their car plunges off a bridge into the river below. Trevor manages to escape with his life, but even though police divers find both car doors open there is no sign of Kirsty. One month later, Trevor wakes up in a hospital and realizes that his wife is missing, but because of a head injury his memory is uncertain and he cannot distinguish between fantasy and reality. Trevor finds himself the prime suspect in a murder case, and has two homicide detectives on his tail. Many strange events befall him, until the Cenobite Pinhead shows him reality. The reality is that Kirsty is in fact still alive. Trevor learns that in reality he was never a good guy. He cheated on his wife with many other women. He then tries to get rid of Kirsty by making her reopen the Lament Configuration. She does, but before being taken, she strikes one last deal with Pinhead: she will give him five souls in exchange for hers. She kills three of Trevor's mistresses and one of Trevor's friends, who was conspiring to kill her for her fortune. Trevor is in shock about learning his true past and he takes off the covers on the operating table, believing Kirsty to be there. The person on the table is not Kirsty, but in fact him. He is the fifth soul and this entire time he has been in Hell living in limbo. Trying to rediscover his past and piece his life back together was his punishment for his disloyalty to his wife and his denial to accept who he truly was. The film ends with Kirsty walking away from a crime scene with the Lament Configuration in hand. It seems that she has pinned all of the murders on Trevor and shot Trevor through the head leading him to crash the car into the river."] ["The film is set in a woodland retreat just outside of London, England, where paintballing team the 'Weekend Warriors' intend to celebrate the marital engagement of one of their members. However, deep within the forest, an ancient warrior preserved from the time of King Arthur has awoken and begins to hunt them down one by one."] ['{{Plot}} The titular Mindhunters are a group of young FBI students who are undergoing training as profilers. They travel with their instructor Jake Harris  to a small island off the coast of Virginia in order to complete a profiling exercise. The island is used as a training facility by the FBI and the military where a mock town has been constructed. Harris has arranged an elaborate training scenario for his students whereby their mission is to create a profile of a serial killer who has committed a murder in the town. The students include Bobby , a young man with a talent for fixing things; Vince , a wheelchair-using ex-cop who goes nowhere without his gun; Nicole , a smoker who is attempting to quit; Sara , a talented but insecure profiler who is also petrified of drowning; Gabe , an outside observer; Rafe ([[Will_Kemp_, a very intelligent, caffeine-powered British investigator; Lucas , a supposedly fearless man whose parents were killed when he was a child; and J.D. , their leader and Nicole\'s lover. They arrive on the island and commence their investigation the following day. The group encounters an elaborate, Rube Goldberg or Heath Robinson style trap. J.D.\'s position as leader of the group prompts him to investigate it more closely. His actions have fatal consequences as he is killed by liquid nitrogen. Convinced that this was not an accident, the group heads to the dock to leave the island. They fear that a killer is on the island with them. Their actions trigger another trap, this one destroying the boat they were going to use in order to escape. While recuperating from the last trap, Rafe makes some coffee which turns out to be drugged, knocking everyone out. They come to discover that Rafe has been decapitated and exsanguinated while unconscious and that the killer has painted an elaborate group of numerical ciphers using Rafe\'s drained blood. Tensions run high among the group, and rest of the film focuses on their efforts to find and use messages from the killer as well as the resources at hand  to learn when more victims will be killed while attempting to deduce which of them is the killer. At first, suspicions seem to point to Gabe because of a map of the island found next to his bed. He temporarily deflects this when he saves Vince from yet another trap, although this indirectly leads to Bobby\'s death; due to his mechanical nature & while trying to shut off a water valve, he unknowingly triggers a device that fires a harpoon-tipped fletchet into his neck. Later, the results of a blood analysis collected from scraped skin samples found under Rafe\'s fingernails point to Sara, who denies being the killer; Lucas supports her. Nicole ultimately decides she cannot trust any of her colleagues and leaves while holding the others at gunpoint, resulting in her death; the stress of the situation causes her to relapse into her smoking addiction and while walking outside, she finds spontaneously vended pack of cigarettes. She steps out to smoke one and quickly learns that it has been laced with a strong acid, which eats her alive from the inside as Gabe and Lucas stare on in horror. Sara, meanwhile, finally deduces that the traps are based on their strengths, talents, and weaknesses and the remaining profilers elect to stick together, to keep an eye on each other. Unexpectedly, the island\'s speakers begin to broadcast a taunting message from none other than Harris, making them realize that he did not leave the island, though he led the profilers to believe that he had; convinced that he has been the killer all along, they search for him. Later, however, Sara, Gabe and Lucas find Harris and two other FBI agents next to him, all dead; Harris has been strung up to wires from the ceiling as a sort of marionette, just like the fake crime scene that they were to investigate. The three survivors quickly realize that the killer is one of them, and in the shootout that ensues, Gabe seemingly takes out Lucas. At the same time, Vince manages to crawl to the elevator but hears someone coming toward him. He fires his gun  at the stranger, but it has been tampered with by the killer and explosively misfires, sending shards into his face and arm. Gabe and Sara then confront each other, each believing the other to be the serial killer. Lucas, who was wearing a bullet-proof vest, returns and jumps Gabe from behind. The two violently attack one another, eventually falling through a glass ceiling. Gabe starts to get up but is knocked unconscious by Sara, who then begins to tend to Lucas. Sara explains to Lucas the trick up her sleeve: she set a trap taking into account the killer’s obsession with time. However, this reveals that Lucas, not Gabe, is the real mastermind. Lucas says he was the one who murdered his parents, but after no one suspected him, he grew bored and required more intelligent peers as worthy prey. Lucas muses that Sara has another weakness besides a fear of water: "Me". Lucas tries to drown Sara, but she manages to kick him into the water and an underwater gunfight ensues. In the end, after a feigned drowning, Sara gains the upper hand and wounds Lucas. Intending to survive, Lucas begins to taunt her about the evidence he planted blaming her, until Gabe reappears: he is the last witness. In a last desperate effort, Lucas attempts to regain his weapon, forcing Sara to kill him. The film ends with Sara and Gabe flagging down a helicopter together. As they move to board, Sara wonders whether or not she has achieved profiler status.'] ['The film begins with an egotistical film student named Steve  recounting to his girlfriend Madigan  the history of Slaughter Studios. As a child he adored the horror movies that were produced there, but the studio closed down twenty years ago after an actor named Justin Kirkpatric was accidentally killed during a film shoot. The next day Steve tells Madigan and some of his fellow students that he wants to use the abandoned studio to film one last horror movie. The catch is that the studio is being torn down the next day, meaning that they only have 9 hours to shoot the entire feature-length picture, whose script is titled Naughty Sex Kittens vs. the Giant Praying Mantis. One of Steve\'s friends, Trish , says that some of the girls in her acting class would probably love to do it. Steve selects a young actor named Kevin  to play the monster, and Madigan will be the production assistant, though she would much prefer to act in the movie, though Steve refuses to give her a part. Later that night Steve and Madigan arrive at the studio, and they are introduced to the cast...snotty Portia , dim-witted Rebecca , floozy Darlene , airhead Candace , and Chad , who is playing the leading role. Also helping out is Olie , who is there to work as the sound department. Steve explains to them that they have to be careful because every hour the security guard will do his rounds. They break into the studio  and begin to set up for the shoot. It turns out that Chad is a truly lousy actor, so Steve sends him off to a secluded room to practice his lines so he will not disturb anyone. While going over his lines by himself a shadowy figure sneaks up behind him and kills him with a pick ax. Believing that Chad decided to leave, Steve casts Olie as the leading man. Steve also improvises a lesbian sex scene to be included in the film, and gets Darlene and Rebecca to agree to it. The two become so excited during the scene that they end up actually having sex. Following this the two women go off to shower to clean themselves up; while finding their way back to the set they are murdered. Steve is becoming increasingly agitated due to the disappearances and high levels of his stress medications. Madigan is finally able to secure a part in the movie because of the shortage of actors, and she and Kevin become attracted to one another. During this time Candace wanders off by herself to look for the ghost of Justin Kirkpatric  and is killed. While getting ready for her next scene, Trish is strangled to death by the unknown assailant, but unbeknownst to the murderer, her death is recorded by a hidden video camera. Madigan finds the hidden camera and confronts Steve with it, thinking that he had hidden it in the women\'s dressing room on purpose. It turns out the camera belongs to Olie, who was hoping to sell the footage to an online porn site for some extra money. Olie decides to leave the studio for fear of facing Madigan\'s wrath, but on his way out he runs into the security guard, who chases him back into the studio. Steve has Gary , the cameraman, hook up Olie\'s camera to a television to see if they can use any of its footage, whereupon they stumble across Trish\'s recorded death. Madigan realizes that there is someone hiding in the studio with them, and that this person has probably butchered everyone who has disappeared. Gary, Kevin, and Madigan all think it is best to leave, but Steve, who by now is half crazed with drugs and fear, is only concerned about completing his film. Meanwhile, Olie has discovered the bodies of Rebecca and Darlene and is being chased by the killer, who dispatches him with a spike through the head. Portia, who is unaware of the evening\'s events because she was passed out after taking too much of Steve\'s stress medication, comes to and is angered when Kevin refuses to sleep with her. She storms off by herself. Gary, meanwhile, has become separated from the others and is decapitated. Likewise, a delirious Steve has stumbled back to the sound stage and is crushed to death when the killer drops a piece of heavy equipment on him. Kevin and Madigan come across the security guard, who proceeds to chase them throughout the studio. Believing him to be the killer, they escape via car, but the guard gives chase. The two eventually overpower him, and it is discovered that he is not the murderer. In fact, he is the actor who inadvertently killed Justin Kirkpatric twenty years earlier. The three realize that the killer is still inside the studio...and so is Portia. Back at the set Portia is trying to find the others when the killer impales her. It is then that the murderer is finally revealed to be the homeless man that the students scared off earlier in the evening. He says, "It ain\'t right to fuck with a man\'s house." Beside him sits the ghost of Justin Kirkpatric, who shares his sentiment.  Director Katkin and composer Christopher Farrell state on the DVD commentary that the ending as originally written revealed the night\'s events were actually part of a film that was being shot at the studio, therefore the whole movie was a film within a film , and none of the preceding events were real. The film originally ended with a director yelling Cut! and the crew applauding. Katkin filmed this ending but didn\'t like it and edited it out. Director Brian Katkin spoke highly of the writers and gave them respectful mention to their work while being interviewed by Fangora Magazine, but sadly, Fangora\'s editing department had to shorten the interview for print and edited out various parts of the interview including Katkin\'s \'nod\' to the writers.'] ['A young man, David , is in an interrogation room talking to an unnamed, unsympathetic police officer . David is in handcuffs, and he has blood on his face and shirt. He is smoking a cigarette. He tells the officer that after he finished his work as an orderly at the hospital, he was knocked unconscious and taken to a large room. Inside the room, David was strapped to a chair with a large, rusty metal device locked onto his head. To his left was a small television, which began playing a video showing a frightening puppet that tells him that the device on his head is a "reverse beartrap", which is hooked into his jaws and will pry his face open with great force if he does not unlock it in time. The puppet tells David that the only key to unlock the device is in the stomach of his dead cellmate . David is able to break free of his bonds, but by doing so he sets off a timer on the back of the device. Across the room, he finds the body that the puppet mentioned, but also finds that the man is actually alive but under paralysis. David panics and stabs his cellmate before starting to look for the key. He slices into the man\'s stomach and after finding the key, David unlocks the device and throws it to the ground, just as it snaps open. David escapes death from the device. David begins screaming and weeping in horror. At the entrance to the room, the puppet from the video appears on a tricycle. He congratulates David on surviving, and tells him that he has proven he is no longer ungrateful for being alive. The movie ends with the police officer asking "Are you grateful, David?" causing the young man to again break down. As the end credits begin to roll, a CGI replica of the bathroom used later in the full Saw film is shown, although with some differences. A small peephole is shown with an eye visible behind it, which was a concept reused in another trap in Saw.'] ["Seven California co-eds are dressed to kill...and a murderer is, well, dressed to drill. He's an insomno-maniac looking for luscious bods to bore and it looks like he'll find them at the Slumber Party Massacre. The Driller Killer is back in Part III of the classic horror fest. This time Jackie, Diane and Martia are three high school girls who love a good time. When they party, they bust out of their bikinis and break out the brews -- but the driller killer's out for a thrill with his drill...and he's ready to kill."] ['Surviving being shot and stabbed at the end of the previous film, the stepfather has been institutionalized in Puget Sound, Washington since, spending his time building model houses in the workshop. Assigned a new doctor named Joseph Danvers the stepfather begins confiding in him to gain his trust, ultimately murdering the doctor during a session by stabbing him in the neck with a blade smuggled out of the workshop. After killing Danvers the stepfather beats a suspicious guard named Ralph Smith to death with his own nightstick with only two strikes and takes his uniform, successfully sneaking out of the sanitarium. Checking into a hotel after robbing and murdering a traveling salesman the stepfather alters his appearance, takes the name Doctor Gene F. Clifford  from the newspaper obituaries and travels to Palm Meadows, Los Angeles after seeing an ad for it on an episode of Dream House. Gene arrives in Palm Meadows and meets real estate agent Carol Grayland  and leases a house just across the street from her and her son Todd. During a session with the wives of the neighborhood, Gene learns Carol\'s dentist husband, Philip had absconded with his mistress the previous year. Gene begins courting Carol, eventually winning over her and Todd. Gene\'s plan to marry Carol is soon complicated when Phil returns, wanting to reconcile with his wife. Needing Phil out of the way, Gene persuades Carol to send Phil over for a meeting, during which Gene kills him with a broken bottle, covering up Phil\'s disappearance afterward by arranging it so that it looks as though he simply ran off again. With Phil gone Gene and Carol arrange to get married. Concerned about her best friend, Carol, local mail carrier Madeline "Matty" Crimmins begins looking through Gene\'s mail, finding a letter addressed to the real Gene Clifford . Confronted by Matty  in the park, Gene persuades her to let him tell Carol the truth about his past, though this turns out to be a lie and later that night Gene kills Matty via strangulation, making her death resemble a suicide by hanging. On his way out Gene takes Matty\'s last bottle of wine and crosses through the yard of Matty\'s blind neighbor Sam Watkins, who hears Gene whistling "Camptown Races," which he mentions to Carol the next day. Despite Matty\'s death, at Gene\'s insistence, the wedding proceeds as planned. While dressing in the church, Carol recognizes bottles of wine sent by Matty\'s parents as the same brand Gene had the other night, and overhears Todd whistling "Camptown Races," which he says Gene taught him. Thinking Gene may have had something to do with Matty\'s death, Carol confronts him, prompting Gene to attack Carol and Todd, the latter of whom he locks in a storage closet. As Gene prepares to kill Carol in the reception area, Todd breaks out of the closet and saves his mother, stabbing Gene in the chest with a claw hammer, seemingly killing him.'] ['Young businesswoman Angela Bridges works in a downtown Manhattan office block and gets stuck working late on Christmas Eve, before leaving to attend a family party. On her way to her car in the second underground parking lot level  beneath the office block, she discovers that her car won\'t start. After receiving some assistance from the security guard named Thomas and turning down his offer to spend Christmas with him, she calls for a taxi and waits in the lobby. When the taxi arrives, she discovers she\'s locked in the lobby, and runs back into the parking garage. The lights soon shut down and Angela, guided by the light on her cell phone, wanders around the deserted parking lot. Thomas drugs Angela with chloroform and takes her to his office. Later, Angela awakens in a haze inside Thomas\'s office, having been changed into a white dress and high-heels by Thomas and chained to the table. Thomas tells Angela that he loves her despite her "many sins", having obsessively watched and recording Angela for some time through the CCTV in the office block. Despite Angela\'s pleas and threats, Thomas continues to hold her against her will, even forcing her to call her family and lie about an illness so that no one will come looking for her. Angela tries to escape, but cannot due to Thomas\' Rottweiler. Taking Angela to another level of the parking lot, Thomas reveals her co-worker Jim Harper  tied to an office chair. Thomas believes Jim is evil after he witnessed Jim drunkenly hitting on Angela at an office party. After beating him with a flashlight, Thomas rams him into the wall with his car multiple times, killing him. Amidst the murder, Angela is able to escape. While Thomas hides the evidence, Angela rushes back to the office and steals some key cards. Angela runs to the elevators with Thomas right behind, and enters. While in the elevator, Angela calls for help from the panel of the elevator. She hears a voice that appears to be an operator but later turns out to be Thomas. Thomas then flushes her out by flooding the elevator with a fire hose from a higher floor. Admist the flooding a body drops down and hits Angela. While hiding in the parking lot, Angela is then tormented by Thomas who plays Elvis Presley\'s "Blue Christmas" over the intercom. She breaks open an emergency fire axe and begins to destroy the cameras one by one while making her way to his office, prepared to fight. Once entering, she finds a video playing of Thomas molesting her body while she was drugged. After a short fight, Thomas manages to knock Angela out. Angela manages to escape while Thomas is talking to two policemen and kills his dog. She tries to escape by car, but is side-swiped by Thomas in another vehicle, leading up to a game of chicken, which Angela wins. However, in the heat of the chase, Angela flips the vehicle. Thomas opens the door and Angela, feigning death, manages to stab Thomas in the eye and handcuff him to the car. Taking his Taser, she begins to leave, until Thomas desperately starts pleading, then insults her. She uses the Taser to ignite a stream of gasoline leaking from the car. Thomas is engulfed in the flames and dies as the car explodes. Angela opens the garage gate and walks out into a cold and desolate Manhattan morning just as an ambulance can be heard stopping to help her. The movie than flashes forward to 7 months and Angela is revealed to be pregnant. While her mother begs her to have an abortion, Angela says what could be worse?.'] ['The film opens with George  and two women  running through the woods. The women fall into a large pit trap while George is caught by a snare. As he hangs helplessly, a masked man approaches and disembowels him with a knife. What is later revealed as some days prior to this, the European Sales division of Palisade Defence military arms corporation are on a bus to a team-building weekend at a "luxury lodge" in the Mátra Mountains of Hungary. When a fallen tree blocking the road halts the bus\'s progress, the driver  refuses to take a dirt road through the woods and, after an argument, drives off leaving the group to walk the remaining distance to the lodge. Eventually the group reaches the lodge, which is old and in serious disrepair, but the manager Richard  convinces the wary but tired group to enter. Inside, Harris  discovers a file cabinet full of cryptic Palisade documents, written in Russian. The group discusses the documents, leading Harris to relate a story he\'d heard about the lodge: the lodge was previously a mental institution, and in the early 20th century a Palisade-made nerve gas was used to clear it out after the inmates took over. Jill  responds with the story she\'d heard: the lodge was a "reeducation center" for Russian war criminals, and after an escape a Palisade-made nerve gas was used to clear escapees out of nearby buildings. Both mention a lone survivor who swore revenge on Palisade. Steve  starts to tell his own story about the lodge\'s past as a clinic staffed by busty nurses when he finds a human tooth in the meat pie the group is eating for dinner. Chastising Gordon  for serving a pie he just found in the kitchen, everyone goes to bed. That night Jill sees someone looking into the lodge from the trees. Though nobody is found outside, everyone but Richard agrees that they should leave the lodge. The next morning Richard grudgingly sends Harris and Jill to the top of the hill to call the bus driver back, on the condition that the rest participate in a team-building game of paintball. Reaching the hill, Harris and Jill find the bus abandoned and the bus driver dead in a nearby creek. Back at the lodge, the game of paintball has just finished when Gordon steps into a bear trap. After several failed attempts by Steve and Billy  to pry the trap open, Gordon\'s left leg is cut through completely under the knee. Harris and Jill arrive in the bus, load everyone in and head back for town. On the way, a spike strip is thrown in front of the bus, which causes it to crash. Harris is thrown clear of the bus in the crash, and is decapitated by a masked killer with a machete. Jill is captured and tied to a tree, then gagged, doused with gasoline and burned alive. The rest discover Harris\'s body, prompting them to head for the lodge to hide for the night. While Steve and Maggie  smoke, a masked figure "quietly" grabs Gordon and carries him into the basement. Discovering Gordon\'s absence and a newly opened door, the four head into the basement which leads to an underground prison. Through one door Billy and Maggie find the now-dead Gordon who has had the Palisade logo carved into his torso and a now-unmasked killer who fires a shotgun at them. The two hide in a nearby cell, where Billy dies from a chest wound. Steve hides on the second floor while Richard escapes out the back into the woods. While the killer searches for Steve, Maggie sneaks up on him with a large knife she took from the prison in the basement, but she falls through the rickety floor. The killer turns round and takes aim at Maggie, but, at the last second, Steve saves her by impaling the killer through the back. The killer falls down and becomes lodged in the main level floor, and Maggie takes his shotgun and shoots the killer in the head. Maggie and Steve exit the lodge believing they are safe, but discover that a group of several more armed, Russian-speaking killers are awaiting them outside. Maggie shoots one before he can fire on them, and the two run into the woods. They come across Richard, who has stepped on a Palisade-made land mine and cannot move without detonating it. Richard guides Maggie and Steve through the minefield. The killers know that the area is a minefield and do not enter; they use a fallen branch to pass over the minefield close to Richard and torment him with insults and stones as they pass overhead. Accepting his situation Richard does his best to save the others and steps off the mine, blowing up himself along with two of the killers. Steve and Maggie come to another lodge, the real Palisade lodge. Inside they find their boss George, who is partying with two escorts Steve ordered via the Internet earlier. George brings out a prototype missile launcher and fires it at the approaching killers, but the missile locks on to a passing commercial jet instead, destroying it. The five run into the woods, leading to the events shown in the beginning of the film. Maggie is snared, then about to be molested by a killer, but manages to smash his head with a rock. Steve encounters two attackers and gets beaten and stabbed, but eventually kills them both with a knife and a submachine gun. Maggie is chased by a flamethrower-wielding killer into an abandoned prison camp, filled with crates bearing the Palisade logo. There, Maggie breaks her leg, but is saved when one of the escorts, rescued by Steve, arrives and shoots the man. Steve, Maggie and the escorts make it to a rowboat on the shore of the nearby lake, and as they paddle off to safety Steve jokingly quips, "Foursome?"'] ['This film is allegedly based on the real-life journals of Dale S. Rogers, a man who, in the 1970s, lived along the banks of the Navidad River in Sublime, Texas - the same area where the original legend of the Wild Man of the Navidad surfaced back in the late 1800s.http://www.texasescapes.com/MurrayMontgomeryLoneStarDiary/Wild-Woman-of-the-Navidad.htm The legend of the Wild Man in Texashttp://www.wildmanofthenavidad.com The Wild Man of the Navidad Official Website The film follows Dale, his wheelchair-using wife Jean, and her oft-shirtless, lazy-eyed caretaker Mario. Though their ranch sits on vast acres prime for paying hunters, Dale has resisted opening up the land because of the strange, Bigfoot-like creatures supposedly inhabiting it. But after the prodding of some of the rifle-loving townsfolk and the loss of his welding job, Dale gives in and opens the gate to his compound. Then the hunters become the hunted.http://www.filmmakermagazine.com/blog/2008/04/tribeca-director-interview-justin-meeks.php Justin Meeks Filmmaker Magazine Interview'] ['One night, while out row boating in the middle of a lake, John Haloran and his young wife Louise argue about his rich mother\'s will. Louise is upset that everything is currently designated to go to charity in the name of "a mysterious Kathleen." John tells Louise that if he dies before his mother does, she will be entitled to none of the inheritance. He then promptly drops dead from a massive heart attack. Thinking quickly, the scheming Louise throws the fresh corpse over the side of the boat, where he comes to rest at the bottom of the lake. Her plan is to pretend that he is still alive, in order to ingratiate her way back into the will. She types up a letter to Lady Haloran, inviting herself to the family\'s Irish castle while her husband is "away on business". Upon arrival, she immediately notices that things are a little strange in the castle. She observes John\'s two brothers, Billy and Richard taking part in a bizarre ceremony with their mother as part of a yearly ritualistic tribute to their youngest sister, Kathleen, who died many years before in a freak drowning accident. Lady Haloran still mourns for her, and during this year\'s ceremony, she faints dead away. As Louise helps her into the house, her mother-in-law tells her that she fainted because one of the flowers she had thrown had died as it touched Kathleen\'s grave. Louise, realizing that Lady Haloran is emotionally overwrought and superstitious, devises a plan intended to convince the old woman that Kathleen is trying to communicate with her from beyond the grave. This plan involves stealing some of the dead girl\'s old toys and placing them at the bottom of the estate\'s pond where they will float to the surface in the middle of the day in an ostensibly ghostly way. At night, Louise swims into the pond and begins placing the toys as planned. However, she is shocked to see what appears to be Kathleen\'s perfectly preserved corpse at the bottom of the pond. Horrified, she swims to the surface... and is abruptly axed to death by an unknown assailant. The killer then drags Louise\'s bloody corpse away.  Concerned family doctor Justin Caleb arrives and becomes determined to solve the mystery. He questions the family in an intense, almost insane manner. Meanwhile, the murderer strikes again, decapitating a man who is poaching on the estate. Caleb has the pond drained, revealing a stone shrine for Kathleen, with the words "Forgive Me, Kathleen" on the monument. The following night, Lady Haloran is attacked by a shadowy figure, but she survives. Finally, Caleb utilizes an obscure nursery rhyme  to help him discover Louise\'s corpse hidden in a meat freezer. Next to the body is a wax figure of Kathleen. Caleb places the figure in a public square to lure the killer. Taking the bait, a gibbering Billy attempts to kill Richard\'s fiancée Kane with an axe; he has become insane with the guilt he has felt for years over having caused the death of his sister Kathleen. Caleb removes a gun from his coat pocket and shoots Billy to death.'] ['{{plot}} An old man walking his dog in New York City\'s dog retrieves a decomposed human hand. It is identified by the police as belonging to Ann-Lynne, a local prostitute. Lieutenant Fred Williams , the burned-out police detective investigating the murder, interviews the young woman\'s nosy and obnoxious landlady, Mrs. Weissburger , who tells him that during her daily spying and eavesdropping on her tenants, she overheard the girl last week over the phone arranging to meet a man who spoke with a strange, duck-like voice. Meanwhile, a young woman  rides her bicycle down Manhattan to the Staten Island Ferry at Battery Park. After an altercation with a boorish motorist driving a red Volkswagen, whose car she accidentally scratched riding her bicycle, she rides onto the boat with the man yelling misogynist slurs at her. When the ferry is underway, the young woman sneaks into the car-bay and begins vandalizing the man\'s car, but she is interrupted by an unseen figure. Introducing herself as Rosie, she tries to engage the man in a conversation. But the figure adopts a grotesque \'Donald Duck\' voice and brutally murders her with a switchblade, stabbing in the lower belly and disemboweling her, and leaving her body to be discovered when the ferry docks at Staten Island. At the morgue, Lt. Williams talks to Barry Jones the pathologist , who believes he recognizes the "style" of the killing and links it to Ann-Lynne, as well as a similar case in Harlem the previous month. Having informed the press that a serial killer is at large, Williams is visited at the station by New York\'s chief of police . Williams\' skeptical superior tells him not to make any further public announcements about the case to avoid starting a city-wide panic. Soon after the police chief leaves, Williams is notified that a man "sounding like a duck" phoned while he was out at the press conference wanting to speak with him. Williams travels to Columbia University where he meets with a brilliant young psychotherapy professor named Dr. Paul Davis  for help in creating a profile of the killer. That night in New York\'s red-light district, Jane Lodge , an attractive, well-dressed woman in a chic raincoat and derby hat, attends a live sex show and records the simulated moans and groans of the two performers with a pocket tape recorder. A scruffy, dangerous looking man ([[Howard Ross , with two fingers missing from his right hand and sitting in the same row with her, observes what she is doing. After the show has ended, the female performer  retires backstage to her dressing room only to find it totally dark. Hearing a noise, she opens a closet door and is brutally attacked by the maniac, who disembowels her by shoving a broken and jagged liquor bottle from her crotch to her abdomen. Later that night, at the home of Kitty , a prostitute regularly visited by Williams, he receives a taunting phone call from the duck-voiced killer saying that he has killed again. The next day, Jane shows her latest tape recording to her husband Dr. Lodge , who has agreed to support their open-marriage. Jane goes to a bar in a rough neighborhood where she\'s approached by two Hispanic bar punks who proceed to fondle and sexually humiliate her right at the bar. After being taken advantage of, the emotionally troubled Jane runs out and drives away. That night, Fay Majors , a casually dressed young woman is riding alone on a late-night subway train when she gets menaced by the same ominous man from the porno theater. Fleeing from the perceived threat, she runs off the train, through the deserted subway station, and onto the street where she gets attacked in a dark alley by the quacking maniac, who brutally stabs her in the leg and slashes her hands and arms as she tries to defend herself. Limping away, Fay stumbles through a doorway into a seedy apartment building where she closes and locks the door behind her so the killer will not follow. Fay passes out from the loss of blood, and then realty and illusion blur: Fay is sitting alone in a dark movie theater watching cartoons when she attacked and killed by a different, handsome young man who slashes her neck with a straight razor. Fay wakes up in the hospital the morning after when the same man visits her in her room. The man is revealed to be her physicist boyfriend Peter Bunch , who is relieved that she has survived the attack. Lt. Williams and Dr. Davis visit Fay where she tells them about her attacker who was missing two fingers from his right hand. Williams and Davis both conclude that this is the killer since all forensic evidence points to the killer being left-handed. Somewhere in night-time New York, the owner of his mutilated right hand picks up Jane and takes her to a sleazy hotel room for sex. He ties up the semi-nude woman to the bed. The S&M game she has willingly begun turns nasty when he begins to beat her. Then the man turns up the radio loud, and makes a muttered phone-call, describing the bound woman to someone on the other line as "she\'s right up your perverted alley. " A little later, while the man sleeps, Jane overhears a radio DJ describing the killer, whom the press has now dubbed, \'the New York Ripper\' and missing two fingers from his right hand. Jane carefully and quietly unties herself from the bed and flees into the hotel hallway, only to be killed by the real New York Ripper who stabs her to death in ultra-gory fashion. Williams arrives at the scene of the crime where the police find Jane\'s tape recordings of the sex shows and of her \'master. \' Learning from witnesses, Williams discovers that the identity of the man is Mickey Scellenda, a Greek immigrant with a history of sexual assault and drug abuse. Williams and the police step up the search for Scellenda after raiding his apartment, finding photographs of most of the Ripper victims and huge stashes of pornography. Williams also pays a visit to Dr. Lodge to inform him of his wife\'s murder. Dr. Lodge tearfully defends his open marriage which gets him a sneering response from the moralistic Williams. Meanwhile, Dr. Davis begins to express doubt to the killer\'s identity for Mickey Scellenda is only a petty criminal with a low intelligence quota, not the high intelligence that Davis has created in profiling the New York Ripper. Davis then buys a gay porno magazine at a local news stand , and then pays a visit to Peter and Fay at their house to ask them more questions about Fay\'s experience. Something about their story arouses his professional suspicious. That evening, after Peter goes out, Fay is attacked in their house by Scellenda who breaks in trying to kill her. But she is saved when Peter returns, and the man flees. A few days later, Williams gets another taunting phone call from the New York Ripper, who wants to "dedicate a murder to him. " Williams and the police put a trace on the line and race to the location, only to find that the killer has set up a two-way radio to a remote phone booth, while he, is at that moment, in the home of Kitty, brutally torturing her by slowly running a razor over her face. Williams races to Kitty\'s apartment, but is way too late as the killer has fled, leaving behind Kitty\'s horribly mutilated body to be discovered. A while later, the dead body of Mickey Scellenda is found having committed suicide from self-suffocation. When Dr. Barry Jones informs Williams that Scellenda was dead for the last eight days, four days before Kitty\'s murder, Williams finally realizes that they have been tailing the wrong man. Williams relays this to Professor Davis, who is both delighted and disappointed with the news. Davis explains that with Scellenda eliminated as a suspect, his original idea to the killer\'s identity is confirmed; a misogynist psychopath who used Scellenda to throw the police off his trail. Fay is shown visiting a hospital where Peter has a child from a previous marriage, a little girl named Suzy, who is dying from a rare bone disorder that has led to the amputation of her left arm and right leg. But is the killer Peter or Fay? Visiting the hospital, Williams and Davis observe little Suzy in her hospital bed and decide to race over to Peter and Fay\'s place to arrest both of them. At Peter and Fay\'s house, one of them gets a phone call from a duck-voiced person, while the other one overhears. When Peter goes into the kitchen for dinner, Fay has disappeared. Going upstairs to Suzy\'s bedroom, Fay jumps out of the darkness at Peter stabbing him with a kitchen knife. Suddenly, Peter rises, quacking like a duck, and struggles with Fay in which they both tumble down the stairs. Just as Peter grabs the knife away from Fay and about to stab her, Williams runs in and literally blasts Peter\'s face off with one shot from his gun. In the ambulance, Davis explains to Fay her deranged boyfriend\'s motivation for killing. His hatred of sexually active women stemmed from bitterness at the cruel blow fate had dealt his young daughter, who will never enjoy the freedoms of his despised victims. After leaving the scene, the phone in the now-deserted house rings again. In her hospital bed, little Suzy is calling out for her father pleading to answer her call, as her voice is drowned beneath the traffic of the city.'] ['Two brothers, David and Peter , kidnap Tracey , the stepdaughter of Arnie , an underworld crime boss. After a heated conversation at the kitchen table, Peter and David retrieve the unconscious Tracey from the car boot. As they try to get her upstairs Peter gets side tracked by her chest not realizing that she has woken up. She headbutts him several times and Peter screams with pain. David manages to get her off him and has to fix Peter\'s now bloody and broken nose after tying her to the bed frame. The pair hold her for ransom in a secluded country cottage. Things begin to go wrong when Arnie\'s dimwitted son and stepbrother of Tracey, Andrew ([[Steven O\'Donnell  delivers the ransom. Instead of money, the bag is filled with napkins. David and Peter realize that not only have they been deceived, but Arnie knew about Andrew\'s involvement in the scheme all along. After Peter breaks David\'s phone by accidentally dropping it in water, David goes down to the village to use a telephone box to call in another ransom. While there, he happens across some sinister locals who, upon learning that he and his companions are staying at the Barnarby Cottage, warn him to keep his doors locked and not to wander. Disturbed, David returns to the cottage to find that Tracey &mdash; who has proven to be highly intelligent and resourceful, albeit foul-mouthed and somewhat psychopathic &mdash; has incapacitated Andrew and abducted Peter. Some distance away, Peter and Tracey arrive at an ominous looking farm. Upon entering the house, they soon discover it to be the home of an insane and hideously deformed serial-killer known only as the Farmer. After opening a trapdoor in the kitchen to reveal a secret staircase leading down into the cellar, Tracey is stabbed through the stomach by the Farmer. Terrified, Peter flees upstairs and jumps out of the bedroom window. Tracey survives her injury and calls out for Peter to help her escape too, all with the Farmer in pursuit. Peter manages to incapacitate the Farmer with a shovel, saving Tracey\'s life. Tracey then urges Peter to kill the madman before he regains consciousness, but he is reluctant. As the two of them argue, the Farmer comes to and quickly amputates the end of Peter\'s foot with the shovel. As he is about to kill Peter, Tracey begins mocking him, ordering him to hurry up and do it. Frustrated, the Farmer suddenly turns around and gruesomely decapitates her at mouth-level with the shovel. He then knocks out a hysterical Peter and hangs him by his jacket from a meat-hook in the shed. Meanwhile, Andrew and David, discover Andrew\'s hairdresser Steven , dying from being disemboweled, before setting off through the woods in search of Peter and Tracey, when they stumble across the dead body of one of Arnie\'s henchmen, who has had his throat slit. Soon after, they arrive at the farm, where they discover a shed full of severed heads. David and Andrew hurry outside, where the Farmer pins David to the ground with a pickaxe through his leg. He then chases Andrew into the nearby horse stables, where he viciously attacks him with a hunting knife before ripping his spine out. Peter comes to and manages to release himself from the hook and crawl across the ground to David. After making up for a lifetime of squabbling, they vow to fight on, and drag themselves back into the farmhouse in search of a phone. The Farmer soon reappears, tossing Andrew\'s severed head and spine through the window. David attempts to defend his brother, only to be suddenly impaled by The Farmer with the pickaxe. Outraged at seeing his brother murdered, Peter begins to throttle the Farmer to death by strangling him with a length of rope. The Farmer manages to toss Peter down into the cellar and slam the door shut. But Peter still has the end of the rope, and he continues tugging on it, eventually causing the Farmer to collapse on top of the trap door. With the weight of the body on top of the door, Peter is unable to escape. With nowhere else to go, he descends down into the cellar. He flicks on his cigarette lighter to reveal the Farmer\'s equally insane and hideous wife and daughters standing all around him. He mutters defeated "You must be joking" before they set upon him, the lighter goes out and Peter screams as they attack him. After the credits, Arnie and his right-hand men are seen arriving at the farm. As they step up to the front door, the Farmer suddenly rushes out at them with the pickaxe raised above his head. As he swings at them with it, the image freezes and the screen fades to black.'] ['After being shot down by police at the end of the previous film, the infamous Santa Claus Killer Richard "Ricky" Caldwell has been left comatose for six years, with a transparent dome being affixed to his head by doctors in order to repair his damaged skull. Wanting to contact Ricky, the eccentric Dr. Newbury begins using a blind clairvoyant girl named Laura Anderson to try reach out to him. One Christmas Eve, after a particularly traumatic session with Newbury, Laura begins to regret her participation in his experiment, but Newbury tries to convince her to keep trying, saying that they can talk more after Laura returns home from visiting her grandmother over the holiday. After Laura is picked up from the hospital by her older brother Chris, a drunk hospital employee dressed as Santa Claus wanders into Ricky\'s room and begins taunting him, rousing Ricky back to consciousness. Killing the Santa impersonator Ricky escapes from the hospital, taking a letter opener with him after killing a receptionist as well. Picked up from a session with her psychiatrist, Laura is introduced by her brother to his new girlfriend, a flight attendant named Jerri who Laura takes a dislike to. As the trio head off to Granny\'s they fail to notice Ricky  following them. Acquiring a truck and some fuel after murdering a motorist and gas station attendant, Ricky makes it to Granny\'s first; believing Ricky is simply an unfortunate handicapped vagrant Granny tries befriending him, but is killed when Ricky is provoked at the sight of a Christmas gift she offers him. At the hospital the two staff members butchered by Ricky are found and Lieutenant Connely and Newbury begin trying to track Ricky down, realizing he is drawn towards Laura after surveillance camera footage shows him uttering her name. Reaching Granny\'s house, Laura feels something is wrong, though her suspicions are ignored by Chris, who believes Granny may have simply gone for a walk. When Granny fails to show up and the car is found sabotaged the group become worried, with Chris and Jerri deciding to go out and look for Granny. Left alone Laura senses Ricky staring at her through the window and screams, bringing Chris and Jerri back to the house. After discovering the phone is dead and her picture is missing Laura realizes it must be Ricky who is after her moments before Ricky punches through the door and begins throttling Jerri, who is saved when Chris stabs Ricky in the arm. Elsewhere when Connely leaves the car to urinate Newbury drives off, intending to try to reason with or trap Ricky, not wanting his experiment to go to waste by having Connely kill Ricky. Armed with an old shotgun Chris, Laura, and Jerri go out in search of aid, but are ambushed by Ricky, who stabs Chris in the chest while Laura and Jerri run back to the house, just as Newbury finds Ricky. At first Ricky is uninterested in Newbury but is drawn close when Newbury plays a tape of one of his and Laura\'s sessions. As Ricky reaches out to him, Newbury, believing the tape has had a calming effect, grabs Ricky\'s hand, only to be stabbed in the stomach. At the house Laura and Jerri barricade the door, but Ricky still manages to break in. While looking for a gun Jerri is killed by Ricky, her body being found seconds later by Laura, who Ricky approaches, allowing Laura to touch his face. Enraged when Laura flees in terror after feeling his artificial skullcap, Ricky chases after her. In the basement Laura is encouraged by a vision of Granny, seconds before finding her body and knocking the light out. Laura is easily knocked aside trying to attack Ricky. As Ricky begins choking her, Laura is saved when Chris appears and shoots Ricky with a shotgun; unfortunately the shotgun is loaded with blanks and the unharmed Ricky snatches it from Chris and uses it to choke him into unconsciousness. Ricky then moves in to finish off Laura, but she grabs a piece of a broken stick and holds it in front of her at the last second and Ricky impales himself on the stick. Reaching the house with backup, Connely finds the dying Newbury before discovering Laura cradling her brother\'s body in the house. Driven away by Connely as the body of a survivor  is rushed to the hospital by paramedics, Laura wishes the lieutenant a "Merry Christmas" before having a vision of Ricky, who states "... And a Happy New Year" while staring into the camera.'] ["Molly Keller ([[A. J. Cook , narrowly misses being murdered by a serial killer, after managing to escape an island. Five years later, she takes a forensic psychology class from famous expert Marshall Kane . Also in the class are Jason Korda , Chantal Etienne , Marisa Tavares , Eddie Sackman , Mary-Anne Nordstrom , Andrea Carter  and Aaron Kroeker . During a class, Marshall pranks his class by pretending to murder one of the students, to show anyone could be a killer. After class, Aaron reveals he knows about Molly's past, which angers her as she does not want to talk about her past. Eddie hits on Molly, but she rejects him. At night, the group, excluding Aaron, meet for a study session, however have an argument over Molly's hostile attitude. They decide to go to a party taking place in an abandoned building. Jason attempts to get to know Molly, but she remains distant. Meanwhile, Marisa has sex with a masked man, before she hears Chantal and Andrea talking about her. Marisa decides to leave, but is taken up to an isolated floor of the building by the elevator. She is soon attacked and stabbed by the killer, before she falls out a window. A chain, wrapped around her ankle, catches her, but the killer hoists her back up and stabs her to death, before sending her body crashing through a window into the party below. The next day, the group mourn Marisa's death, while deciding they will try and identify who the killer is. Molly meets Detective Kelso , who was part of the investigation of the previous murders. The pair go to the murder scene where Detective Kelso warns Molly that he believes the killer is back. Mary-Anne is driving home to see her family when a black truck begins to ram into the back of her car. She attempts to drive away, but the truck pushes her to the side of a cliff. As she attempts to get out, the truck hits her car again, causing her to crash through the windscreen and plummet to her death. Detective Kelso finds her body in a nearby shed, where the killer has stabbed her repeatedly. Molly challenges Marshall, and shows the killer is following the pattern of the famous serial killer Jack the Ripper. Jason manages to persuade the group to continue investigating despite their doubt. Molly and Jason discover a murderer previously held Marshall hostage. Chantal kisses Jason, but soon apologises to Molly for doing so, and the pair make friends. While Andrea is at the morgue identifying Mary-Anne's wounds, she is pursued by the killer who drugs her before murdering her. Jason, Chantal, and Eddie find out about Molly's past, which causes an argument resulting in Molly removing herself from the group. An upset Molly is comforted by Marshall. The following night, Molly, Jason, Eddie, Chantal, and Marshall are taken to a cabin where they realize the victims share the same initials of the victims of Jack the Ripper. Suspicion falls on Aaron, who was the one that assembled the study group. They attempt to phone Detective Kelso, but the phone is not working. After Molly and Chantal fall out, Eddie, Jason, and Chantal leave to try and fix the phone satellite on top of the mountain. Their car soon breaks down, forcing Jason to carry on on foot. Eddie attempts to fix the car, while Chantal remains inside. The killer soon appears and knocks out Chantal before Eddie's hand is trapped inside the bonnet of the car. Chantal wakes up and panics, driving the car forward into a tree, killing Eddie. The killer chases Chantal to a factory, where she accidentally activates a log splitting machine. She bumps into Aaron who warns her he knows who the killer is. She tries to escape, but they fall into the machine, where they are both mutilated by the circular saws. Back at the cabin, Molly becomes suspicous of both Jason and Marshall. As Jason arrives back, Molly knocks him out before running into the forest. She discovers Marshall standing over a murdered Jason, before Detective Kelso arrives and knocks out Marshall. Molly then hallucinates and sees her younger self in the forest, gesturing to the two men and suggesting that Molly is the one who killed them all. Later, Marshall is executed for the murders, and due to visible mental problems, Molly is put in an insane asylum. It has been said that the killer was never definitively named in the film, and there is suggestion that Detective Kelso is actually the killer. During the opening murder scene, as the young Molly escapes on a boat, she stabs the killer in the hand while he attempts to climb onto the boat after her. Detective Kelso is seen in every scene in the movie to be wearing only one glove on the same hand that the killer was stabbed in."] ['The film opens with Michelle Mancini  driving at night during a storm. She realises that her fuel is low and pulls by a gas station. She is startled by the gas attendant who begins to refill her tank. Michelle hands her card to the attendant, however he returns and convinces Michelle that her credit card is not working and wants her to come into his office to speak to the credit card company on the phone. However, when Michelle gets inside the station and picks up the phone, there is no one on the other line. Convinced the attendant means her harm, Michelle sprays mace in his face and, as the door is locked, she smashes the window with the telephone and speeds away. The attendant shouts after her "Someone\'s in the back seat!" On the road, Michelle relaxes a little bit until someone sits up in the back seat and swings an axe at her. Inside a coffee shop lounge at Pendleton University, college student Parker Riley  is telling an urban legend called the \'Stanley Hall Massacre\' about 25 years ago when a crazy professor killed a dozen students at a closed down dorm on campus. Two of the students, Natalie Simon  and Brenda , listen with skepticism while they listen to Parker\'s girlfriend, Sasha Thomas , who operates a local radio call-in show, finish her broadcast. Paul Gardener , a pompous college reporter, joins the group and sneers at Parker\'s yarn. Brenda is obviously attracted to Paul. Natalie and Brenda walk towards the closed down Stanley Hall dorm building, where they suggest they chant Bloody Mary as a gag, when they are surprised by Damon Brooks , a misfit student who taunts them over going inside the boarded up building. Natalie and Brenda split up where Natalie goes home to her dorm room where she interrupts her Goth roommate, Tosh Guaneri , having sex with a guy. During a class, Professor William Wexler  is discussing folklore and urban legends. Wexler sees Brenda and Natalie laughing and confronts Brenda, telling if she doesn\'t believe in urban legends then she should come up to the front of the class and drink soda and pop rocks candy. She walks to the front but is hesitant on mixing the soda and the pop rocks. Damon walks up to the front of the class and tries drinking soda and pop rocks candy to prove the urban legend that his stomach will not explode. He then fakes going into a seizure and playing dead, much to the annoyance of Wexler and the amusement of his friends. Later that day, Natalie and Brenda see Paul distributing newspapers detailing the decapitation murder the previous night. The stuffy Dean Adams  and the campus security guard, Reese Wilson , seize copies of the school paper about the recent murder. Paul protests to the dean about a possible murder on the campus. But Adams tells Paul that there is no killer and the only crazy person is him. Natalie is shaken by Michelle\'s death, Damon Brooks  offers to talk and the two drive into the woods for privacy. Natalie soon realises that the only reason Damon brought her out into the woods was to have sex with her, and she rejects him. Before they leave Damon leaves the vehicle to urinate. Damon is attacked by the killer when he enters the woods, who hangs him from a tree with the rope attached to the car. When Natalie exits the car to search for Damon the killer approaches her, leading to her getting back in the car and driving away, strangling Damon in the process. Natalie goes to the campus security office and tells Reese about the killing, but when both arrive at the scene, the body and Damon\'s car are gone. The next day, after failing to locate Damon, Natalie\'s friends are skeptical of her claims of a murder and think that Damon\'s disappearance is one of his practical jokes. Natalie goes to the library to research urban legends by reading a book titled \'The Encyclopedia of Urban Legends\' and sees that Damon took it out last. While she is away, her roommate Tosh Guaneri is chatting to an anonymous guy online, organising a place to meet up for sex. She leaves the room to prepare but unknowingly leaves the door open. When she returns she finds that her anonymous guy has written that he is in her room. The killer attacks Tosh and begins to strangle her in the dark. Natalie walks in but thinks she is having sex again as she dismisses turning on the light and goes to bed with her head phones as Tosh dies. The next morning, Natalie wakes up and sees her roommate dead from slashed wrists and a message left by the killer written on a wall in blood saying: "Aren\'t you glad you didn\'t turn on the lights?" Everyone thinks that Tosh committed suicide and the message on the wall was "a very morbid suicide note". Natalie convinces Paul that Tosh\'s death was not a suicide and they look for evidence about the Stanley Hall Massacre, but they find no evidence and all the old newspaper clippings in the library from 1972 when the killings took place are gone. Natalie and Paul run into the creepy-looking janitor. They ask him questions about the Stanley Hall Massacre and the janitor tells them to \'talk to Wexler\'. Natalie and Paul sneak into Wexler\'s office for evidence and are caught by the professor. Brought before Dean Adams, Paul asks about the Stanley Hall Massacre, but the dean avoids the question by telling Paul that he\'s fired from the school newspaper and tells both of them to stop investigating something that never happened. Adams further tells Natalie that she has a criminal record for "reckless endangerment" and served a year of probation, and that she too is to stop investigating the urban legend about the Stanley Hall Massacre if she wants to stay at the college. Outside, Paul becomes angry when Natalie continues to avoid his questions about her past or if she knew Michelle. Later, Natalie walks into the campus swimming pool where Brenda is doing laps when she thinks she sees the killer approach, but the figure in the winter coat is only a fellow student. In the locker room, Natalie confides in Brenda that she did know Michelle. She tells the story of how she and Michelle were out driving one night on a dark road without their car\'s headlights on when a passing car flashed them and, with Michelle driving, the chased down the car in which the car went off the road and the driver was killed. That evening, Dean Adams is in the parking garage to drive home when the killer ambushes him and kills him by slashing his ankles and driving over him with his own car. At a fraternity party Parker is throwing, Paul arrives with an old newspaper article given to him by the janitor, which tells that Wexler was the sole survivor of the 1972 Stanley Hall Massacre and that he may be responsible for the killings. When Natalie admits to having feelings for Paul, they kiss. Brenda sees this and in a jealous rage, leaves the party. A little later, during the party, Parker gets a phone call and is told about what happened to his pet dog . He runs into a nearby bathroom to throw up when the killer attacks him and kills him by pouring pop rocks and liquid drain drown his throat. While Natalie is trying to reach Paul who ran off, Sasha is attacked at the radio station by the killer, who chases her through the building with an axe. Natalie hears Sasha screaming over the radio and runs over to the station but is too late, as the killer catches up to Sasha and axes her to death. Meanwhile, Reese searches Wexler\'s office but finds the floor covered with blood. She calls the police, but because of a serious thunderstorm, the roads are washed out. Reese goes off to find the killer on her own. Natalie runs into Paul outside her doom room and becomes suspicious of where he went during the time Sasha was killed. They both find Brenda, and they become suspicious about her. They drive away from the campus to look for help and stop at another gas station. While Paul goes to a phone to call the police, Brenda and Natalie notice a strange odor and upon opening the car trunk, discover the dead and mangled body of Professor Wexler. They both run away and into the nearby woods where they split up. On a back road, Natalie is picked up by the eerie janitor . But the killer chases them in another car and the janitor\'s truck runs off the road and the janitor hits his head and is killed. Natalie returns to the campus and tries calling for help on a police phone, but she hears screams from inside the abandoned Stanley Hall building, where there is a light on the third floor. Natalie breaks in to look around and finds the dead bodies of Parker, Adams, and Damon. She finds Brenda lying motionless on a bed in a room lit with hundreds of different candles. But before she can react, Natalie is knocked out. Waking up later, Natalie finds herself tied to the bed with the killer standing over her—the hood comes off to reveal..... Brenda. No longer acting like the casually nice and friendly girl as seen thorough the movie, the sneering and wild-eyed Brenda explains to Natalie that the boy who was killed in the accident by Michelle and Natalie years before was Brenda\'s boyfriend. Brenda befriended Natalie this whole time to torment her with urban legends as her insane way of getting even. Just as Brenda is about to kill Natalie by removing her kidneys as in the "kidney heist" urban legend, Reese appears to come to Natalie\'s rescue, but Brenda attacks Reese with a knife and wrestles her gun away. Just then, Paul appears, applauding Brenda for her revenge plan and saying he will to help cover up Brenda\'s guilt in return for the opportunity to help his career by writing a false story of how Wexler committed the murders. But Brenda is not fooled and before she can shoot either one of them, Reese revives and shoots Brenda, leaving Natalie to finish off her best friend as Brenda kept saying in a sad voice,"What kind of friend are you". After Brenda kept tempting Natalie to shoot her, Natalie decided to do so. Paul, who takes the gun away and also the 2 of them ran close to Reese and also she told them that she couldn\'t wait to be a cop before a bullet could hit her. Then Paul told Reese to stay here while they go and get help. However, as Paul and Natalie are driving away to find help and safety, Brenda sits up in the back seat of their car and attacks them in the same manner she killed Michelle in the opening scene. Paul smashes the car into a guardrail and Brenda smashes through the windshield and off a bridge into a river far below. Some time later at another college campus, a group of college students are discussing the recent Pendleton Massacre and urban legends when one student, who is the alive and well Brenda with a different haircut, offers to tell them the real story about it all.'] ["Laurel  has the boyfriend of her dreams, Kevin . He can and will do anything for her. He is totally devoted to her but the downside is that he won't leave her alone. When she tries to get some distance he responds with aggressiveness. It finally dawns on Laurel that he is not good for her. Laurel's mother Jessica has already started to suspect that something is wrong with his background."] ["Five women, Linda , Jessica , Kimberly , Suzanne  and Janey  buy the old Hokstedter place for their new sorority house. They get it cheap because of the bloody incidents from five years before committed by Hokstedter. They decide to stay in it for the night so they can meet the movers in the morning, despite the electricity and the phones not working. Janey tells the group of the murders years before, putting the group on edge. As it turns to night, a storm rolls in and the girls are crept out by they neighbor Orville Ketchum  who recalls the night of the murders, and how Hokstedter was defeated. He gives them the keys to the basement before returning home. The girls decide to explore the basement, and find Hokstedter's tools and also a ouija board. Meanwhile, Lt. Mike Block  and Sgt. Phyliss Shawlee  set out in the storm to get to the Hokstedter house after they receive a disturbance call from the house, and also suspect Orville had something to do with the murders, although Mike was unable to pin anything on him at the time. After taking showers, the group decide to use the ouija board to contact Hokstedter, however after they become too scared decide to go to bed. Suzanne and Janey have an argument, causing Janey to return downstairs to drink the rest of the alcohol. However she is attacked and stabbed to death. Soon after, Suzanne goes downstairs to find Janey, however can not find her. She alerts the others of Janey's disappearance, and the group split up to search. Suzanne goes up to the attic, but is locked in. She accidentally stands on a bear trap before the killer stabs her to death. Meanwhile, Mike and Phyliss travel to a strip club to talk to Candy  a survivor of the Hokstedter massacre. However, Candy can not recall if Orville was part of the murders. Linda, Jessica and Kimberly begin to think Janey and Suzanne are playing a trick on them, and so go down to the basement to find them. Just as they are about to give up, they find their bodies strung up on the ceiling. The girls run upstairs and arm themselves with knives before attempting to leave. However they run into Orville and so retreat back into the house and lock the doors and windows. As the survivors become more panicked, they realize they left the attic window open. They run upstairs and lock the window, however Kimberly realizes that he has already gotten into the house. She panics and runs downstairs. While Linda remains in the attic, Jessica goes after Kimberly. Kimberly bumps into Orville and hides in a bathroom, but the killer gets in and murders her. While Linda hides in the attic, Orville enters. Linda manages to stab him numerous times before finally chocking him. She goes downstairs in search of Kimberly and Jessica, but instead finds Kimberly dying in a bathtub. Linda is attacked by a still alive Orville, but Linda overpowers him and drowns him in the toilet. She goes downstairs to find Jessica, but answers the phone when it rings. A woman asks for her husband, Hokstedter, before warning her he is in the house, before hanging up. Linda is lured into the basement by Jessica, who reveals herself to have been possessed by Hokstedter. Jessica chases Linda upstairs where the two fight, before Orville reveals himself to still be alive. Orville stabs Jessica, however Jessica knocks him out, before Linda manages to defeat Jessica, stabbing her in the neck. The next morning, Mike arrives with police officers after the movers found the bodies. They find Linda still alive, but now possessed by Hokstedter. Orville wakes up and shoots Linda dead before the police officers shoot Orville. He however, survives and is rushed to hospital and later released after police could not pin the murders on him."] ["{{Plot}} Julie James is getting over the events of the previous film, which nearly claimed her life. She hasn't been doing well in school and is continuously having nightmares involving Ben Willis  still haunting her . Approaching the 4th July weekend, Ray  surprises her at her dorm. He invites her back up to Southport for the Croaker queen pageant. She objects and tells him she has not healed enough to go back. He tells her she needs some space away from Southport and him and leaves in a rush. That night someone enters Julie's room. She grabs a knife out of her bedside drawer and hunts all over her room for the fisherman. She runs into her roommate Karla  who tells her she needs to get out and have some fun. They go out to a disco club with Karla's boyfriend Tyrell  and Julie's friend Will Benson . After seeing an illusion of the fisherman Julie leaves in a hurry. The next morning, Karla gets a phone call from a radio station and wins a contest for a holiday to the Caribbean by naming the capital of Brazil as Rio. Julie invites Ray who is not sure if he should go and tells her to have a good time if he can't make it. Ray's friend Dave ([[John Hawkes  convinces him to go and surprise her. Dave and Ray run into Barry's Beamer  and find the fisherman lying dead on the road. While Ray goes to inspect, Dave is killed by the actual fisherman. The fisherman tries to run Ray down, but Ray jumps down a steep hill and disappears from the fisherman's sight, supposedly dead. Karla, Julie, Tyrell and Will leave for the Bahamas. When they arrive, many tourists are enjoying themselves and resort employees are milling around, but the group soon discovers that most everyone will be gone by tomorrow since it's the start of storm season. While the main characters are enjoying themselves, the dockhand, Darik ([[Benjamin Brown , is slashed across the head; the maid, Olga , is killed by being impaled in the back by the fisherman; and the poolboy, Titus , is killed by the killer also. Ray, having woken up in hospital and realizing the Fisherman is trying to kill Julie, tries to ring the hotel but is unsuccessful. He pawns his engagement ring for Julie and buys a gun and heads to the island. Back on the island, Julie finds the dockhand's body in her closet and runs outside to tell everyone. When they all go back to check, they find the body gone and all the blood cleaned up. The hotel manager, Mr. Brookes , tells them the next few days will be rough because of the wetaher and tells them to stay put in the meantime. The next morning Julie is locked in a tanning bed by the fisherman, while Karla finds the body of the maid in the dryer. After finding the body of Titus, Will and Tyrell realize the girls are in danger. They save Karla and Julie but when they go to find Brookes they find him with a machete through his head and the radio destroyed. All the boats on the island have been cut loose, and Estes , the baggage handler, is the prime suspect. Julie finds Estes who informs her that the trip was a set-up intended to lure them onto the island because they didn't get the radio question right  and that he knows who Ben Willis is and that he lived on the island for many years and raised a family. Back in the hotel, Julie, Karla, and Tyrell go and hide in the pantry where Nancy , the bartender, has been hiding. Tyrell is impaled in the neck by the fisherman, and the three women run out up to the attic with the killer following behind them. Karla gets her foot stuck in the roof of the room below as the fisherman breaks through and attacks her but they fall through the roof and into the room below. Karla runs for her life, jumping off the balcony into the glass house below. Julie and Nancy run down to the glass house and find Karla okay. The fisherman enters the glass house and narrowly misses Karla after Julie breaks the window on the door open with an axe. They go to hide in the storm shelter and find the bodies of the fisherman's latest victims down there. Will comes in and tells them the fisherman's gone. Inside the hotel, Julie tends the wound Estes inflicted on Will while Nancy and Karla go and look for the first aid kit. Nancy finds Estes who has been impaled with a sharp tool. Estes's body falls onto her as the fisherman comes in and pushes the tool through Estes and into Nancy, killing her as Karla watches in horror. He runs after Karla and presumably kills her. Meanwhile Will reveals the blood on his shirt is not his and that he is Ben Willis' son. He drags Julie out to the graveyard where Ben Willis meets them and unmasks. As he is about to kill Julie, Ray shows up aiming his gun at them. The gun misfires and Will and Ray fight. As the fisherman is about to hook Ray, Ray jumps out of the way in time, and Ben accidentally kills his son. Julie shoots Ben several times until he falls into the open grave. The next morning, the coast guard informs them a rescue team is on the way. Karla is still alive and is delighted to see Ray. A while later, Julie and Ray have bought a home. One night Julie suspects someone is in the house. Ray is in the bathroom but the door strangely shuts. And when Julie convinces herself it's nothing, she sees Ben under her bed. She screams and tries to escape, but he grabs her legs and pulls her under the bed. Is this a bad dream?"] ["The story opens with a Creole woman digging up a small briefcase from the ground in the pouring rain. She then proceeds to get in her car and drive down the Louisiana road. Meanwhile at a local burger joint, high school senior, Eden , is working with her best friends, Rachel  and CeCe  while the rest of her friends hang around the place. Ricky  is aimlessly flirting with Patty  and Tammy  by giving them alcohol. Eric ([[Jonathan Jackson  and Sean  talk about important matters until Ray Sawyer  pulls up in his tow truck. Everyone stares and whisper rumors about him while Ray picks his order up. Ray is Sean's biological father. After he leaves, Rachel says how much he scares her, while Tammy flashes Ray while he eats in his truck. After work, Eden begins to bike home alone, but Eric catches up to her to talk to her about going to college in New York. While they were talking, Ray drives up and asks if Eden's alright. When he's sure, he begins to leave when another car, carrying the Creole woman from the beginning of the film, who is CeCe's grandmother passes by. CeCe's grandmother's car falls halfway off the bridge. Ray gets out of the truck and helps Eric to save the woman. Ray saves her, but the woman begs Ray to get the suitcase. As Ray reaches in the car to get it, the car capsizes into the water. The briefcase begins to move and finally opens releasing several gnarly looking snakes. As the car sinks into the bayou the snakes attack Ray. The ambulance arrives to find Ray dead along with CeCe's grandmother. CeCe arrives shaken up over the tragedy and asks what happened to Ray's body, leaving Eden speechless. The same night at the coroner's office, the coroner examines Ray's dead body apparently having been bitten by venomous snakes – presumed to be water snakes. The coroner leaves the area and comes back to see Ray's body missing and then he is killed by Ray's possessed body. Deputy Turner is also killed while returning Ray's tow truck to the show. The next day Eden is still recuperating from the night before. Rachel and her boyfriend, Sean, are at the lake, with Sean showing little emotion to Ray's death. He drank heavily leading to him ditching Rachel with Eden and having Eric chase after him. Meanwhile Tammy and Patty are planning to go to the mall to shoplift and they come across Ray's towing business. Patty goes to pee, while Tammy fixes the tires. When she's done, Tammy goes to look for Patty, only to find her impaled by battery clamps attached to chains leaving her to hang. Tammy tries to escape but Ray traps her in the garage and crushes her torso with a lowered car and then sand blasts her face off with a blasting pump. As Eric follows Sean to Ray's garage, Sean begins to show anger at Ray's death for his abandonment. Sean enters the area to find a picture of him when he was a little kid – showing that Ray did care about him. Sean storms out toward the garage and finds the remains of Tammy strewn around the floor. The night leads to Eden going to CeCe's grandmothers house, where she has a plethora of voodoo materials. CeCe then tells her that the snakes that killed Ray were full of the evil that her grandmother took out of men to purify their souls. Ricky, Rachel, Sean, and Eric arrive at CeCe's and find out what's going on. They try to escape town but their car is turned on its side preventing anyone from leaving the bayou. The kids all see Ray and begin to run and Ricky is caught by Ray when his leg is pinned to the stairs by a crowbar. His arm is then ripped off, causing him to bleed to death. As the others panic inside, they look and it seems as if Ray is gone. Sean leaves the house to confront Ray, while Eden grabs a rifle from the bedroom. Ray slashes Sean's face with his crowbar and then impales him through the chest. Eden and Eric drag Sean inside and try in vain to stop the bleeding, but he dies on the floor. Rachel cries over the loss of her boyfriend, while Eden talks CeCe into turning Sean's body into a human voodoo doll to control Ray. Meanwhile, Ray hooks the towing hook to the foundation of the house and pulls the front porch off, dragging Eden with it. Eden gets back to CeCe who finishes the spell, despite her leg being crushed by a support beam. Ray begins to climb the wreckage toward CeCe, but CeCe stabs Sean's body several times to slow Ray down in his advance. Ray finally reaches her and slashes CeCe's throat, while Eden, Eric and Rachel escape. As the remaining three try to escape, Ray follows in his truck and pulls beside them. He tosses a chain around Rachel's neck and drags her half way out of the car, but Eden grabs hold of her legs. As both cars are accelerating, Rachel screams and is impaled on a dead log. Eric and Eden then try to pass through the swamp to escape Ray, who dives beneath the murky water. As Eric and Eden headed for dry land, Ray attacks, missing them both, but separating them. Eden ends up in the graveyard, and Eric deeper in the swamp. Eden makes her way into a crypt where she finds an altar and an open casket where all the victims are kept. Eden tries to leave but Ray comes and locks her in. In panic, Eden hides beneath Tammy's body. Eric is then thrown into the crypt by Ray, who then goes to the altar. Eden starts to cry until Eric opens his eyes. Eden can't hide her gasp, unknowingly drawing Ray's attention. As Ray looks in to inspect the bodies, he grabs Eden's foot, but Eric began to breathe to protect Eden. Ray then stabs Eric in the head with a screwdriver. Eden then fights Ray by setting him on fire and pushing him down a chute, but he drags her with him. She then uses a charm she got from CeCe that protects against evil. Ray submits, but the snakes possessing his body emerge to try to take the charm from her. Eden escapes up the chute, using the charm as a diversion. Eden then traps Ray and the snakes in the chute. As she tries to drive off in his tow truck, she hears an inhuman shriek, signaling Ray is back. Ray chases Eden out of the truck before she can do anything and she runs to hide in the bayou. She hides behind a bush close to Ray. He hears a rustling and hacks the bush, revealing she's not there. Just then the tow truck emerges through the underbrush and crushes Ray in half against a tree, killing him. Eden then staggers off into the trees, and the two snakes can be seen crawling out of Ray's decomposing torso to find another host."] ['A group of teenage friends travel to Camp Placid Pines to be camp counselors for the summer, Julie , Dean , Whitney , Jason  and Tobe . Upon arrival, they meet their boss Patrick , another counselor named Drew , who is teamed up as a co-counselor with Julie, and a few other counselors. The teenagers get to work, bringing in food, cleaning, etc. Julie gets a warning from the groundskeeper, Henry, who claims there is danger in these woods. Julie questions Patrick about it, and he brushes it off, saying that Henry is crazy. Late that night, the group sits around a campfire and decides to play a game of "Bloody Murder". One person is "It" and the rest of the group try to find "It" and whoever finds "It" must scream Bloody Murder and then everyone must run back to base before "It" can tag them. Everyone joins in, with Jason being it, and Jason and Dean play a prank on one of the counselors Brad . After the game, Dean witnesses Jason  making out with Whitney. We later see Jason getting dressed and is confronted by a figure... The next morning, Julie begins asking her fellow counselors about the whereabouts of Jason. Dean tells Julie that Jason said something about "taking off for a few days", but Julie still grows worried. The following night, the counselors gather in the mess hall for a movie, and Whitney goes to grab some food from the kitchen and is stabbed to death by a man in a hockey mask. The next day, the counselors inform Patrick that Jason and Whitney have gone missing, and they call the Sheriff who interrogates the group. Everyone suspects Dean, because he is Whitney\'s ex-boyfriend and he has been acting suspiciously. Dean is not provided with an alibi, so he is taken in for questioning. Julie encounters Henry again who tells her about her dad and a name of Nelson. She emails her Dad about it. Brad is killed next by the masked murderer and he goes missing, and Dean is off the hook for now. Julie gets an email reply from her dad, and he claims he doesn\'t remember a man named Nelson. Jason is suspected next, considering he had a past with Brad. Julie is attacked by the hockey-masked killer in the woods and she flees to the road, where she meets Dean who is stuck with a flat tire. She hurries back to camp, trying not to act scared, and Dean is killed by the murderer. Back at the camp, Julie finds a photo of her dad at the camp, along with a kid named Nelson Hammond. She searches him, and discovers that Nelson Hammond was almost killed in an accident involving the game "Bloody Murder". He then came back a few years later and killed one of the counselors that caused the prank and was sent to a mental institution. That night, Julie is attacked again by a man and he chases her to the mess hall and she locks him in the freezer. But the man is just Jason, who actually did take off, worried that Dean would tell about him cheating on Julie with Whitney, and he was worried because the police were after him. Jason is taken in by the police. The body count ups as another counselor, Doug is finished off. Julie\'s father arrives after hearing about the police, and Drew and Julie\'s father walk to the lake, as Julie retreats to her cabin to gather some things. There, she deduces the killer is Drew when she sees that Drew\'s father was Bill Anderson, the man that Nelson Hammond killed for revenge and that Drew is out for revenge. She races to the lake, where she discovers her father missing, and she accuses Drew. But she is proven wrong when the killer appears and attacks them. Drew is knocked out and Julie flees. Julie runs into Patrick, and then Patrick reveals he is the killer. He is really Nelson Hammond and is seeking revenge for his accident that the other counselors caused. He attacks Julie with an axe, and chases her through the woods. She runs to the camp, and the other counselors, the police, Patrick and Julie gather. Patrick tries to make it seem, Julie hit her head and is delusional. But Tobe sees the axe hidden behind his back, and points a gun at him. Patrick swings at Julie, just as a shot rings out, hitting Patrick\'s arm and it is revealed that Drew fired the shot. Patrick is taken in, Julie\'s father is safe, and Julie starts having a love interest in Tobe. At the police station, Patrick tells the Sheriff, that he didn\'t kill Doug, maybe it was Trevor Moorehouse hinting that Trevor is still out there...'] ['Lila  is a good-natured go-go dancer who strips at a seedy topless bar on the Sunset Strip. After ingesting LSD, Lila becomes a psychopathic serial killer. She continues to pick up men at the bar where she is employed, but after her sanity is lost she routinely is interrupted mid-coitus by psychedelic bad trips in which she visualizes a balding, half-naked old man clutching wads of cash in one hand and a bunch of bananas in the other. These psychotic episodes cause her to murder her partners by stabbing them with a screwdriver and dismembering them with a rusty meat cleaver (or in one case, a garden [[hoe  while imagining that she is cutting up cantaloupes and watermelons.'] ['A sequel in name only to a 2004 film , this film is about a teacher, named Aajaan Panor , who is humiliated by some students. She turns to black magic to exact revenge. The film begins with a man in a fishing boat, accidentally stabbing his finger on a fish hook. He is taken to see a mystic, who claims that the man is the victim of a Cambodian curse. He is tied to a chair and fish hooks start to emerge from under his skin as he screams. In sepia-toned flashbacks, we learn the story of six school chums who have a grudge: Ta, Kim, Por, Tair, Noot, and Ko. Ta\'s mother died when he was young, and his father remarried Ta\'s teacher, Miss Panor. Kim was his girlfriend . The boyish Tair and stylish Noot might be lovers , and Ko is their fun-loving friend. During their last year at school, Miss Panor seduces Por . Por subsequently discovers he\'s not the only one in her bed. In addition to being married to Ta\'s father, Miss Panor is also having an affair with the sports coach . Fuelled by jealousy, Por suggests filming Panor and the coach to \'prove her infidelity\' to Ta\'s father. The six friends do so, and broadcast it to the entire school. The coach soon discovers it was them and holds the group at gunpoint while he sexually abuses them. Seeking revenge, the students approach a monk who agrees to curse the coach. A few days later, Por goes back to the monk and asks him to curse Miss Panor, too. The coach dies via fish hook. Miss Panor, who is embarrassed at her sexual exploits being revealed, is found stabbing herself repeatedly in the legs. She subsequently becomes a recluse, returning home to her cottage on the river, away from the city. The story proper begins two years after these events. The six friends gather together after Ta\'s father commits suicide in order to head to the remote village and pay their respects to Miss Panor. Upon arrival at Panor\'s cottage on the river, Noot\'s cell phone rings; her secret boyfriend wants to meet, so she makes her goodbyes and heads back to the city. Miss Panor is a polite hostess , and Ta\'s great-grandmother seems harmless enough, though he warns everyone that she is a bit senile. Miss Panor retires to a secret hut in the jungle, where she has several corpses gathered round, all of them sitting at desks, like students. Each corpse has a photo attached to it, indicating which former student it represents. At dinner that night, as the friends eat the soup Panor has made for them, Por spits up a fingernail. The group realises that the meat in the soup is, in fact, Noot. They search the cottage for Miss Panor. Kim finds a video camera with a tape that shows Miss Panor killing and eating the monk who cursed her, and then rushing towards the camera with a tree branch raised and bringing it down on whomever is holding the camera. Tair begins to have hallucinations of corpses shambling around everywhere. The group flees the house and sees a light outside. They call to the boat for help, but it drives past them. The driver takes a fatal fall from the boat, which sinks. Kim tumbles into the water and has a vision of Panor and Ta\'s father. In the vision, Panor is shown torturing Ta\'s father, on the premise that if she hobbles him, he can\'t leave her. When Panor leaves the room, Ta\'s father shoots himself in the head. Kim relates this to the others, and they find the gun. In the same room, there are also some jars filled with pickled mangos. In one of these jars, the group finds Ta\'s dead father. The group runs to the house\'s dusty old shrine to hide and pray. Tair has a laughing fit and is temporarily possessed by Miss Panor. Ko threatens Tair with the gun, but suddenly starts to writhe and flail as dozens of salamanders claw their way out of his body, killing him. The youths now decide to split up: Por and Ta go off into the jungle to find Panor, leaving Kim and Tair sitting outside the shrine, with Tair  still seeing visions of corpses. She panics and runs off, and Kim follows into the dense jungle. The boys hear Kim fall down. They run to find her, but are separated. Ta finds Kim and wrenches a piece of metal from her leg. Alone, Por has creepy visions of Panor. Ta leaves Kim to look for Por. Tair bursts from the jungle, cowering away from her visions. She seems to see Kim as a walking corpse, and in hysterics, Tair rips out her own eyes. Por finds Kim, who appears to him as Miss Panor, taunting him about their love affair. He fires the gun at Kim, but Ta rescues her just in time. Por runs off into the jungle and discovers Panor chanting in her secret hut. Por flees, but a vision of Panor appears, hamstrings him, and starts pulling out his teeth; Por crawls away and confesses that he had a love spell placed on Panor causing her to seduce him, became jealous when he found out she was also sleeping with the coach and took part in filming them and then placing a pain-inducing curse on Panor as punishment. Suddenly, his vision clears and he sees Kim and Ta. Kim is repulsed by Por\'s confession; she and Ta leave Por in the jungle. Miss Panor arrives, ties up Por, and takes him to her secret hut. She stabs him in the neck with a syringe full of a paralytic agent, then pours boiling water down his throat and slowly burns every inch of his skin with a blowtorch. In the jungle, Ta is carrying Kim on his back. She begs him to continue without her, but he refuses. The two of them come across a small shrine, on which is hanging Noot\'s bag. Her cell phone rings—it\'s her boyfriend, wondering where she is. In the secret jungle hut, Miss Panor is performing CPR on fatally burned Por in order to inflict more torture on him. Meanwhile, police officers converge outside the hut. As Miss Panor starts to use a power drill on Por\'s head, the officers break in and shoot her. Kim is rushed to a hospital. She recovers, and Ta comes to visit her. As they chat, the TV in Kim\'s room broadcasts a news show, which reports that the five students who visited Miss Panor are dead. Also discovered in the secret hut was Ta\'s charred corpse. In horror, Kim turns to see that Ta is actually a badly-burned, walking corpse. He never went with them to visit Miss Panor; he was already dead by then. As he pets Kim\'s hand, Ta explains: the video of Panor eating the monk was taken by Ta\'s father, who had threatened divorce after witnessing the tape of her and the coach. For this, Panor tortured him and he killed himself. Panor locked Ta\'s great-grandmother in a closet and left her to starve. It was Ta\'s great-grandmother who had told Panor that in order to break the spells placed on her she had to kill the monk that was paid to perform them and eat his flesh. She also warned Panor that it could drive her insane . It also becomes clear that the coach had also placed a love spell on Panor to instigate their affair just like Por did. Miss Panor was the victim of all these spells. Her attempt to free herself and seek revenge led her into insanity. She tortured Ta in all the ways that will be experienced by his friends. Ta\'s vengeful spirit had lured the group there so they could feel the pain that he went through. He only saved Kim from being killed because he still loves her. A flashback of their days in school returned. Kim and a classmate had a crush on Ta. Kim makes a bet with her classmate that if Ta doesn\'t court Kim within a week, she will "offer" Ta to her. Kim was then seen with the monk who appeared earlier, who warns her, "Once you start, it will follow you till you die." She receives a clay doll and thanks the monk. Kim jumps out of the hospital window to her death, holding the clay doll. Ta\'s burnt form lays beside her declaring his love for her.'] ['The film opens with Karen , a traumatised woman, having a horrific nightmare involving a subway train. The flashback narrative plot follows her trapped in a subway. A Christian doomsday cult, which has been consuming and distributing hallucinogen-laced muffins that make people see visions of demons, begins massacring non-believers through the city, believing it is their mission to "save" the souls of humanity for God, which can only be accomplished by killing people with swords and daggers. A group of surviving train passengers and subway workers try to fight off and escape the cultists, but die one by one, leaving only Karen and two other people alive when the cultists are signaled to commit a mass suicide.'] ['Nick O\'Bannon, a college student, watches a race at McKinley Speedway for a study break and while watching the speedway race Nick suddenly has a premonition in which a number of people die when the Speedway collapses following a crash. Nick panics, persuading his girlfriend, Lori Milligan their friends, Janet Cunningham and Hunt Wynorski, security guard George Lanter, mechanic Andy Kewzer, mother Samantha Lane, racist tow truck driver Carter Daniels, and Andy\'s girlfriend Nadia Monroy to leave, escaping seconds before Nick\'s vision becomes a reality. As Nick is explaining what he saw to the survivors, a stray tire flies off the stadium and obliterates Nadia in front of the others. Just days after the disaster, Carter attempts to burn a cross on George\'s front lawn, but it backfires when his truck starts to move, and as he chases after it, his foot gets caught in the chain, dragging him along with the truck before he gets set on fire and then the truck blows up, killing him. His scorching head falls right beside George, who came out to see what was going on. The next day Samantha dies after her eye gets perforated by a stone propelled by a lawnmower outside the beauty salon. When Nick and Lori hear of the deaths, they research about premonitions and learn about the previous disasters then they realize that Death never meant for them to survive and is now coming for them. While Janet and Hunt refuse to believe, Nick convinces George and Lori to help him foil Death\'s plan. The group tries to save Andy, but he is killed after a carbon dioxide tank drives him to a chain-linked fence, but Nick gets new visions and they split up to save Hunt and Janet. Lori and George successfully rescue Janet from a malfunctioning car wash, but Nick arrives at the pool too late to save Hunt, who dies when he\'s unable to pull himself free from the bottom of the pool, when attempting to retrieve his quarter that fell in, as the drain disembowels him. George considers suicide but is unable to kill himself, leading the survivors to believe that saving Janet had stopped Death\'s plan. Nick decides to take Lori on a holiday, but she has already gone to the mall with Janet. While at the theater, Lori begins to see odd warnings suggesting they are not out of danger as Nick realizes that there was another survivor: Jonathan Groves. Jonathan is crushed by a bathtub just before Nick and George can make it to the hospital, and George is run over by an ambulance shortly thereafter. Left on his own, Nick arrives at the theater just in time to save Lori from an explosion that kills Janet and several others. However another explosion causes the mall to collapse, and Lori is annihilated by the escalator. Just as she dies, Nick awakens outside the hospital and realizes it was all a vision, but is not able to save George from his fate. Thanks to his vision, Nick is able to locate the source of the initial explosion and extinguish the flames. Two weeks later, the trio celebrates their survival in a cafe. Nick notices the omens surrounding him, and begins to think that perhaps they were never meant to die in any of the earlier accidents. And that their deaths were to happen somewhere else since the beginning. Then he notices the words "It\'s coming" on the table are crossed out, revealing underneath his cast are the words "It\'s here". As he says tells this to Lori and Janet, a series of events cause a semi to crash through the front of the cafe while avoiding a falling window cleaning structure. Shown in X-Ray vision, Janet is run over, breaking her skull and crushing her back, Lori\'s head is chopped off, and Nick is thrown into the wall, breaking his jaw, snapping his spine, and losing all of his teeth, leaving no survivors of the McKinley Speedway incident. The movie ends as Nick\'s broken teeth fall on the ground, and one of the broken teeth, is seen bouncing, and which flies at the screen.'] ['A couple are relaxing in a snowy forest near a small fictional town called Farnhamville. Suddenly, an axe wielding female assailant kills the boyfriend, rips the girlfriend\'s shirt open, and puts a dab of blood between her female victim\'s breasts. Then, we see the protagonists, Clifford Sturges , and Gloria Wellaby  are having trouble with their location. Their car manages to last until they reach the small and secluded town called Farnhamville, where it breaks down. At the same time, they come across another traveller who is looking for his missing sister . Stranded, Clifford and Gloria check into a small motel owned by an old lady named Mrs. Wainwright. While inside, the old lady treats the couple to an urban legend, the \'Cannibal Girls\'. It is about three beautiful but psychotic women named Anthea, Clarissa, and Leona, who lured men with their seductive charm to their home only to feast on them while alive. And by eating their victims and drinking their blood, the girls maintained their youthfulness and immortality. They have a freakish little servant called \'Bunker\'. Clarissa kills the first victim in a secluded room, with both of them naked. She stabs him in the gut with a pair of scissors. For the second victim, Leona does not exactly kill him, but she slowly stalks him with a knife, providing a diversion for Anthea to hack the man with an axe. The third victim wakes up the next day, wondering where all the other guys have gone. Later on, he makes love to Anthea. When he wakes up, he finds himself tied to a bed, surrounded by all three girls. At first they lick his belly, then they eat him alive right on the spot. Later, Mrs. Wainwright takes Clifford and Gloria to a small bed and breakfast house where the Cannibal Girls supposedly lived years before. There, they maintain some company in the host only known as the Reverend Alex St. John. The couple does not realize it, but their dinner is being served by the three Cannibal Girls themselves. The Reverend is the force behind the women\'s activities and possesses a charismatic hold on the entire town as well. Clifford and Gloria try to leave for the night, but a thunderstorm and a warning of an escaped lunatic from the Reverend prompts the couple to stay overnight. While Clifford and Gloria try to fall asleep, the traveller who was looking for his sister gets murdered by the local police as a special request from the Reverend himself. The town residents hold a gathering dedicated to the Reverend Alex St. John. Anthea, Clarissa, and Leona are fully naked standing around a small table offering their blood in a chalice to the Reverend, while chanting: "Within me and without me I honor the blood which gives me life." Then Gloria has a scary nightmare where Clifford is tied to the bed. The Reverend and the three girls force her to sacrifice Clifford. She wakes up from the nightmare, and Clifford tells her it was all a dream. For the whole day, Clifford becomes distant from Gloria and speaks to her in a demanding way. Gloria cannot place a call to her parents since the phonelines are not working. And she cannot leave town because the busses will not leave until the next morning. Clifford also develops a craving for the food that is served in the town\'s small diners, which is of course human meat. They are picked up by the sheriff and are taken back to the bed and breakfast house occupied by the Cannibal Girls. When they walk inside, it is revealed that Clifford will offer Gloria as a sacrifice to the Reverend in exchange for his life. However, the Reverend has a change of heart, as he offers Gloria a mace. Fueled by her anger for her boyfriend\'s betrayal, Gloria mercilessly swings the mace into Clifford\'s stomach, killing him. During the final scene, The Reverend, Anthea, Clarissa, Leona, Bunker, and Gloria are seated at the table, with Clifford as the meal. At first Gloria is hesitant to eat her former boyfriend, but after a sign of encouragement from the Reverend, she happily digs in. In the epilogue, it turns out that this entire event is actually being told by Mrs. Wainwright, this time about four Cannibal Girls to another couple stranded in their town. And the old lady is also recommending the bed and breakfast place to them, too. It is implied the young woman with her boyfriend will become another Cannibal Girl...'] ['Diablo, the leader of the Demons motorcycle gang, is about to be executed for the murder of a young woman. Confronting the victim\'s sister Gail , he proclaims his innocence and vows to return before being he is killed via electric chair. A year passes and Spring Break has come to Miami. Two football players, Skip  and Ronny  are amongst the partygoers for the week long festivities. While Spring Break is occurring, a mysterious biker appears and begins to dispatch people when the back of his bike has a lever that when pulled combined with a button pushed by the biker causes the victim to undergo a treatment similar to the electric chair. When Ronny ends up a victim of the mysterious killer, Skip attempts to find Ronny with the help of Gail, who works as a bartender during Spring Break. The duo soon find Ronny and learn that local police chief Strycher  and physician Doc Willet  have covered up Ronny\'s death in order for the partygoers not to worry. However, as the body count rises, Gail and Skip begin to wonder. Did Diablo make good on his promise to return from the dead or is someone else responsible? A confrontation at a local tire yard between Gail and the killer soon reveals the killer\'s identity. The killer is Reverend Bates , who thinks Spring Break is nothing more than an excuse for sins. Considering himself a "guardian angel", he feels all sinners must die like Diablo, "death by electrocution". Bates also confesses to being the real killer of Gail\'s sister. Skip arrives in time and fights off Bates. As the duo run, Bates hops on his bike and goes after them only to trip his bike on a stray tire. Bates goes off the bike onto an electric field and like those he murdered and Diablo, dies by electrocution. The next day, Skip and Gail decide to leave Florida and head to Ohio, where Skip hails from.'] ["Jannicke , the only survivor from the massacre depicted in the previous movie, is picked up in Jotunheimen and brought to a hospital in Otta. At the hospital, she receives good care, but seems distant from her caretakers. While she stays in the hospital, she meets a boy named Daniel and the two have a pleasant conversation. Meanwhile in the rest of the hospital police officers Einar and Kim discuss Jannicke's situation and investigate her last known location at the hotel where they discover several bodies nearby including the mountain man's and has it sent back to the hospital. At the hospital, Officer Sverre flirts with the local nurse Audhild while Nurse Camilla tries to uncover Jannicke's story. It is also revealed that Jannicke has been suffering nightmares from her previous encounter with the mountain man and even goes as far as attacking the mountain man's body in the morgue, much to the surprise of her caretakers. They decide to drug her to keep her calm after her emotional outburst, much to the protest of Nurse Camilla. During this time, the police investigation continues as they begin to discover more bodies. However, at the hospital the mountain man shows sign of life and is frantically resuscitated, much to the horror of Jannicke who violently attempts to stop them but is tranquillized in the process. The doctors manage to successfully bring the mountain man back to life and leave him under watch by Sverre. Eventually the mountain man wakes up, murders a distracted Sverre, and breaks free. He then proceeds to go in a killing spree across the hospital while a recently awoken Jannicke escapes the hospital in the aftermath with Daniel and Camilla while locking the mountain man in the basement. They proceed to rendezvous with officers Kim, Ole, Einar and Johan outside. After being told to stay outside by Einar, who has been investigating the mountain man's background, Jannicke watches nervously as he enters the hospital with Ole and Kim accompanying while Daniel is taken away by his mother. Inside, the officers fail to find the mountain man and decide to pull back from the hospital but are side tracked by Johan's radio message revealing the location of Sverre's body. After finding said body, the officers are attacked and all but Ole are killed in the ambush. After watching gunshots within the hospital, Jannicke offers to enter the hospital with Officer Johan. However, this plan is interrupted when the mountain man attacks, wounding her and killing officer Johan as well as frightening Camilla. The remaining two are then saved by a severely wounded Ole who dies of his wounds distracting the survivors allowing the mountain man to escape. Enraged, Jannicke travels to the hotel where the first movie occurred and falls asleep waiting for the mountain man. The mountain man eventually appears and seems to have the upper hand over Jannicke but is defeated when Camilla arrives. Not satisfied with the mountain man being stabbed through the chest by his own pickaxe, Jannicke ensures the mountain man's death with a shotgun blast to the head."] ['It tells about four men on a bachelor party in New York who ride the subway and, along with two strippers from the club, accidentally get off at a station that closed down in the 1970s. Trapped in the tunnels beneath New York, they witness the murder of a transit cop by three psychotic transients and find themselves on the run for their lives.'] ["On one side of town, a babysitter and the kids she is babysitting are brutally murdered. The police find that the murderer used his bare hands to tear them to shreds. The shot then changes to teenager Jill Johnson  who is going through a teenage crisis, having her boyfriend, Bobby , cheat on her with her best friend Tiffany , and going over 800 minutes on her cell phone, for which her dad, Ben , has her babysit for a wealthy family to pay the debt. The unfortunate timing causes Jill to miss out on a school bonfire which her friend, Scarlett , is attending. Jill arrives at the elaborate Mandrakis House, which has a greenhouse built in the center. The parents  show her around and give her their numbers, stating that they won't be back until midnight. As the kids are seen to be upstairs asleep, Jill soon begins to receive anonymous phone calls. Tiffany visits but Jill, fearing getting into further trouble, asks her to leave. However, tree branches knocked down by the storm outside block the road. When Tiffany gets out to move them, she is attacked by an unknown figure. The calls continue, each one becoming more alarming, suggesting she is being watched. Jill calls the police, who tell her they can trace the calls if she is able to keep him on the line for one minute. Whilst waiting for the caller to ring, Jill sees someone in the guesthouse. After seeing a light switch on, Jill quickly makes her way back to the house. The phone rings, after which the police hurriedly inform her that the calls are coming from inside the house. Jill finds Tiffany's dead body in the upstairs bathroom whilst investigating an active shower, and is soon attacked. She gets the kids and they run into the greenhouse. Jill finds the housemaid dead as the attacker breaks in. They quickly escape and Jill manages to lock the man inside the greenhouse, but he finds an exit and attacks Jill. There is a struggle and Jill manages to stab him in the hand with an iron poker, before rushing out of the house into the arms of a police officer. As the stranger is taken by the police, his face is shown by the moonlight. Jill awakens in the hospital and the phone rings. She lets it ring, worrying that the events will reoccur. She waits for a time then nervously picks up the phone. As she hears nothing and begins to place the phone down, the camera pans to her reflection in the mirror, revealing the stranger to be behind her. The man grabs Jill, who screams hysterically, waking up from her hallucination and finding herself still in the hospital. The film ends with the doctors desperately trying to stop her frantic panicking, leaving the viewer to wonder if the events cost Jill her sanity."] ['Like its predecessor, August Underground\'s Mordum is presented as a degraded home movie shot by serial killers, in this case returning character Peter, his sadomasochistic girlfriend Crusty, and her sexually depraved manchild brother Maggot . After Peter walks in on Crusty and Maggot having sex, a violent argument erupts between him and Crusty, but it is quelled when Crusty sexually arouses Peter and herself via self-mutilation with a piece of glass. The two then break into a crack house, where Peter beats the owner  to death with a hammer, while Crusty films the filth-incrusted building and decaying corpse of an overdosed addict. When Peter starts stripping the body of the house\'s owner  another fight breaks out between him and Crusty, when the latter questions his motive for undressing the body, accusing him of being "a faggot" and "wanting to touch dick all the time". The film then switches to a brief scene of Crusty demonstrating her love of self-harm to Maggot and a friend, cutting her scarred arm with a knife. Crusty and Maggot are then shown removing a bound and masked woman from a box the two have been keeping her in for "a long time". Maggot rapes the woman while Crusty cheers him on, and taunts the victim; when Maggot is finished, he lets a male captive out of another box, and he and Crusty force him to castrate himself with a pair of cuticle scissors, then seal him back up. Crusty mimics oral sex with the severed penis, then violates the female victim from earlier with it. Scenes of the three killers in town  are shown, followed by Maggot and Peter watching and masturbating to Crusty torturing two women, sexually abusing and repeatedly vomiting on them while a male body rots in the corner of the room. Eventually, the women are killed; Maggot disembowels one, chewing on her spilled innards and having sex with them, while the other has a bag pulled over her head and is beat to death by Crusty and Peter, the latter dragging the body away to presumably have sex with it. The three then get drunk, and afterward Maggot is found in the bathroom by his sister, shaving and cutting himself to "look beautiful" for Crusty. The trio are next shown playing in the snow, attending a concert, meeting up with friends, gang raping a woman, and going to a piercing shop, where Maggot gets a nose ring, and gets into a fight with Peter over his relationship with Crusty. The group then visit another serial killer, who shows them the contents of his shed - mutilated bodies, dying victims, and a headless and maggot-covered toddler, which Maggot eats a chunk of. Later, while the others are asleep, the new killer borrows their camera, and films himself taunting and slitting the throat of one of his female captives. When next seen, the trio have attacked a family, killing the father first by hanging him. While Peter tortures the mother, Crusty watches Maggot have sex with the corpse of the young daughter in a bathtub. A fight eventually breaks out between the three killers, which ends with Maggot slitting his own throat, followed by the film cutting to static. After the credits, a cat is shown killing and eating a mouse.'] ['In 1888, Mary Kelly ([[Heather Graham  and her small group of London prostitutes trudge through unrelenting daily misery. When their friend Ann Crook is kidnapped, they are drawn into a conspiracy with links higher up than they could possibly imagine. The kidnapping is soon followed by the gruesome murder of another woman, Martha Tabram , and it becomes apparent that they are being hunted down, one by one as various prostitutes are murdered and mutilated post mortem. The murder of Martha and her companions grabs the attention of Whitechapel Police Inspector Frederick Abberline , a brilliant yet troubled man whose police work is often aided by his psychic "visions." Abberline\'s investigations reveal that the murders, while gruesome, imply that an educated person is responsible due to the precise and almost surgical method used. Ann is found a few days later in asylum having been lobotomized after officials and doctors supposedly found her to be insane. It is implied this was done to silence her. Abberline consults Sir William Gull , a physician to the Royal Family, drawing on his experience and knowledge of medicine. These findings, coupled with his superiors impeding his investigations, point to a darker and organized conspiracy. Abberline becomes deeply involved with the case, which takes on personal meaning to him when he and Mary begin to fall in love. Abberline deduces that Masonic influence is definitely present in these crimes. His superior, a high ranking Freemason himself, then makes direct intervention and suspends Abberline. It is then revealed that Gull is the killer. He has been killing the witnesses to painter Albert Sickert \'s forbidden Catholic marriage to Crook , who bore his legitimate daughter Alice. Sickert is actually Prince Edward, grandson of reigning Queen Victoria , and therefore Alice is heir to the British throne. Gull himself is a Freemason and his increasingly sinister behavior lends an insight into his murderous, but calculated mind. Rather than publicly charge Gull, the Freemasons decide to lobotomize Gull to protect the Royal family from the scandal. Gull defiantly states he has no equal among men, remaining unrepentant up to his lobotomy, resulting in him becoming invalid just as Ann had been. Mary Kelly doesn\'t die; Gull earlier mistook Ada, whom Liz said was from France , for Mary and he kills her instead. Mary lives with Alice in a cottage on a cliff by the sea. Abberline is found dead of an opium overdose, knowing he can never see Mary again without endangering her.'] ["Eighteen years after seeing their mother overdose in a seedy Hollywood motel room, a pair of permanently warped siblings attempts to fulfill their mother's dying wish that they both become world class ventriloquists. The son hasn't said a word since the day he watched his mother die, and daughter is determined to make it to Las Vegas by whatever means possible. They both come from a long line of talented ventriloquists, but these days the balance of power has shifted in the dummy's favor. Now, as these twisted siblings embark on a murderous desert rampage, it's plain to see who's really in control here."] ['After going through the woods on the way to a party, seven teenagers stumble upon a town called Wormwood Ridge. The townspeople are celebrating a Headless Horseman ceremony, which unbeknownst to the teenagers requires human heads from young people. The teens, with the help of a young tow-truck driver named Candy , attempt to escape the town before they are killed. By the end of the movie only Ava, Liam and Candy are still alive, all the others  having been beheaded in several different ways.'] ["It's Corey Peterson's first day at Hallow End High School . He had moved to this small town with his mother due to a traumatic incident in his past. During his first day, he is approached by a fellow new arrival named Mason. His new friend warns Corey that a friend of Mason's, who had attended the school, has died. Mason warns Corey to stay away from the wrestler Perry and the people who follow him. After two students vanish, Corey attempts to consult with the principal, but gets nowhere. Corey and Mason then team up to get to the bottom of the mystery."] ['High school student Billy Colton  is spying on his sexy neighbor  one night when he witnesses her being murdered by a man in a robe and a demonic mask. Billy recognizes the man as his unpopular history teacher, but the police do not believe him because he has a history of pranks.'] ["The summer of their senior year, eight best friends rent a beach house for one last week before separating for college. Still Green follows each character through the three days in the house surrounding the unexpected death of one of the friends. The plot unfolds as their personal stories interweave, overlap, and often directly conflict with one another. Their stories represent the many milestones in the transition from high school to young adult life, from Monica's first night skinny dip to the morning Sean beats the hell out of his best friend, to Alan's break up with his first real girlfriend. It's a story of secret crushes, crippling insecurities, excitement over a boundless future, discovering nature, and crossing the line between friendship and sexual attraction. But a darker inescapable theme drives the plot of Still Green; how death changes absolutely everything between a group of friends, at a time when every second of life seemed vitally important and every emotion felt like the end of the world.Still Green  - Plot summary"] ["The film centers around young, insecure opera singer Betty . After the lead in Verdi's Macbeth is injured in an car accident, Betty is reluctantly thrust into the role in the opera. During her first performance, a murder takes place in one of the opera boxes. Mysterious murders continue throughout the film as Betty is stalked and those around her meet their unfortunate end. The killer binds and places tape under Betty's eyelids with needles attached so she is unable to blink, and therefore forced to watch as the murders take place. Meanwhile, Betty continues to have frightening dreams involving a masked person and her mother. During the final performance of the opera the killer is revealed, and Betty must confront her past in a terrifying climax."] ['The police officer fails in chasing a drug dealer in Los Angeles. So his boss Hugh Janus transfers him to Hawaii for disciplinary reasons. On the island some former female students are just gathering in a luxury hotel. The young ladies once belonged to the sorority "Omeaga Kappa Omega" and are now invited to an erotic photo shoot which is organised by Derek Simmons, the editor of the Cavalier Magazine. Shortly after their arrival, Terri Walker, one of the former students, is strangled in the pool while her friend William Culp is absent for some minutes. Detective Newman begins to investigate the murder together with his new colleague Julie Seska and the coroner Ferguson. Next to Terri\'s corpse they find a document which resembles a final examination certificate and has the imprint "Failed" on it. William tells them to observe Derek Simmons very closely. In the following night, the next student dies. Amanda Calvin is lured outside to the pool by a phone call and falls victim to the unknown murderer. Later the cops find William in the hotel room of the student Megan Davidson, who also belongs to the group. They just had sex and now they are questioned. The cops get to know the background of the series of murders. Five years ago, Rachel Kincaid committed suicide by falling from a bridge in her car. At that time she was the favourite for the election of the sorority\'s speaker, but she was mobbed by her competitor Kristen Neal, who is also present in Hawaii now. After Newman and Seska have clarified these connections, William wants to inform them about something. But bevor Newman meets him, the young man is killed by the murderer and can only indicate that there is some problem with Rachel. Newman again gets in contact with his colleague Rita in Los Angeles, who had already provided him with the file about Rachel, and asks for Simmons. Rita gets to know that the editor of the magazine is actually called James Derek Kincaid and that he is Rachel\'s brother. He has gathered the students in the hotel to take revenge for his sister\'s death. Megan and Kristen, who are the only surviving people among the invited students, meet at the hotel room. It is the fifth anniversary of Rachel\'s suicide. Kristen suspects Megan and threatens her with a pistol. Suddenly the lights go out and she forces Megan to go into the hallway where she runs across the murderer. Kristen is able to expel the killer, but accidentally shoots at Seska. Newman just arrives in time to stop the killer who really proves to be Simmons alias Kincaid. With the help of a photo, the detective realises that the case is not yet complete. As he has been intimate with the photographer Tayler Cameron before he recognizes her necklace. She is a sister of Rachel and Derek. Now she overwhelms Kristen and threatens to strangulate her. When Newman intervenes, she escapes to a rock over the pool. She stabs a knife in her body and falls down into the water. The cop just wants to announce the next corpse, but she attacks him. Newman shoots Taylor in self-defense. At the same time his colleagues in Los Angeles arrest professor Andrews, who was not only Rachel\'s study adviser, but also impregnated his student before she died. When they arrive at the police station, the cop Sam reveals to be another brother of Rachel. He shoots the professor.'] ['{{plot}} In 1957, seventeen year-old Mary Lou Maloney  enters a church, where she confesses her sins to the priest , claiming to have disobeyed her parents, used the Lord\'s name in vain and had sinful relations with various boys. The pastor tells her that "these are great sins and she should prepare herself for the consequences." Before leaving, Mary Lou tells the priest that she loved every minute of it and leaves her phone number in the confession booth along with a written message: "For a good time call Mary Lou." Later, at the 1957 prom at Hamilton High School, Mary Lou is attending with rich Billy Nordham who gives her a ring with her initials on it. Shortly after receiving Billy\'s ring, Mary Lou sends him off to get punch while she sneaks backstage with Buddy Cooper, where the two are found making out by Billy. Storming off after Mary Lou claims she used him, Billy, while in the washroom, overhears two boys preparing a stink bomb and, when the boys abandon the bomb in the trash due to a teacher approaching, Billy grabs it. When Mary Lou is crowned prom queen, Billy, having snuck up onto the catwalk, drops the bomb on her before she is crowned. To the horror of Billy and everyone in attendance, the fuse of the bomb ignites Mary Lou\'s dress and she dies after going up in flames, but not before seeing that Billy is the one who killed her. Thirty years later, high school student Vicki Carpenter  goes looking for a prom dress in the school prop room after being denied a new dress by her overly religious mother. While searching, Vicki finds an old trunk containing Mary Lou\'s prom queen accessories  and takes them, releasing Mary Lou\'s Hell-bound spirit. After Vicki leaves Mary Lou\'s clothes in the art room after school, Vicki\'s friend Jess Browning  finds them and, after wedging a jewel out of the crown, is attacked by an unseen force and hung from a light by Mary Lou\'s cape. Jess\'s death is deemed a suicide caused by her despair over her recent discovery that she was pregnant. After Jess\'s death, Vicki finds herself plagued by nightmarish hallucinations caused by Mary Lou and she confides in Buddy Cooper , who is now a priest and, after hearing Vicki\'s stories, believes Mary Lou may be back. Going to Mary Lou\'s grave, where his bible bursts into flames, Buddy afterwards tries to warn Billy , who is now the principal of Hamilton High and the father of Vicki\'s boyfriend Craig ; Buddy\'s warnings fall on deaf ears, with Billy refusing to believe that Mary Lou has returned to reclaim her title as prom queen and to take revenge on those who wronged her. During a detention caused by her slapping her rival Kelly Hennenlotter , who she envisioned was Mary Lou, Vicki is dragged into the classroom chalkboard, which turns to liquid. Taking control of Vicki\'s body, Mary Lou visits Buddy at the church and, revealing her identity to him, kills him by stabbing him in the face with a miniature crucifix. Disposing of Buddy\'s corpse, Mary Lou makes over Vicki\'s body, her new mannerisms and style of dress arousing the concern of Vicki\'s friend Monica Waters. After confronting Mary Lou in the girls locker room, Monica is murdered by Mary Lou when, after hiding from Mary Lou in a locker, she is crushed when Mary Lou makes the locker collapse in on her, causing Monica\'s brain to spurt out through the locker ventilation slits. After Monica\'s murder, Mary Lou seduces Craig and lures him away under the pretense of having sex, only to knock him unconscious and afterward confront and taunt Billy, revealing her identity to him. Finding the injured Craig, Billy takes him home and knocks him back out when Craig tries to go after Mary Lou. With Craig unconscious, Billy digs up Mary Lou\'s grave and finds the dead Buddy in the coffin, which prompts him to acquire a gun and head to the prom. At Vicki\'s house, Mary Lou seduces Vicki\'s father Walt and is found kissing him by mother Virginia, who tries to stop Mary Lou/Vicki from leaving for the prom, only to be telekinetically smashed through the front door. Arriving at the prom, Mary Lou enjoys the festivities while Kelly, in order to become prom queen, fellates tally counter Josh as a bribe. When Josh changes the outcome of the votes to make Kelly winner instead of Vicki, Mary Lou, sensing this, electrocutes Josh through his computer and changes the outcome back. When she is crowned prom queen, Mary Lou goes up on stage, but is shot moments before getting her crown by Billy. Arriving after the shooting, Craig, reaching what appears to be the dying Vicki, is knocked back when Vicki changes into a charred corpse and then into Mary Lou. In the havoc caused by Mary Lou\'s appearance, Kelly is killed by a falling light fixture and Craig is chased into the school prop room by Mary Lou, who opens a vortex to the Underworld that begins to suck Craig in. Before Craig is pulled through the gateway, Billy arrives and places the crown on Mary Lou, apparently appeasing her spirit, which vanishes, releasing Vicki. With Mary Lou gone, Vicki and Craig leave with Billy, getting into his car. When Billy turns on the radio, Mary Lou\'s signature song "Hello Mary Lou" plays and Billy, revealing he is wearing Mary Lou\'s ring , drives off with the terrified Vicki and Craig.'] ['Television news celebrity April Carson , working for station manager Fred Sandy , turns to the services of private investigator Isaac Beaumonde  to seek her missing sister, a stripper known as Gigi Spot .{{cite news | urlThe Big Screen: Slasher film risks running afoul of C-10 | accessdate26 May 2008 | firstVlessing | publisherReutersHR>{{cite news | titlehttp://www.reuters.com/article/filmNews/idUSN1343783720080514 | publisher2008-07-27 | dateEtan | lastimagination-llc.com>Imagination Worldwide: Smash Cut synopsis'] ['Against her father\'s orders, teenager Amy visits a sleazy traveling fun fair with her new boyfriend Buzz, her best friend Liz, and Liz\'s irresponsible boyfriend, Richie. At the carnival, the four teens smoke marijuana, peep into a 21-and-over strip show, heckle fortune teller Madame Zena, visit the freaks-of-nature exhibit, and view a magic show. Richie dares the group to spend the night in "The Funhouse"—actually a dark ride. After the park closes, the teenagers settle down inside the ride, at which point they witness the ride assistant—a man in a Frankenstein suit who never speaks—engage Zena as a prostitute. He experiences premature ejaculation, but despite his request Zena will not return her $100 fee. He murders her in a violent rage. The teenagers try to leave, but find themselves locked inside the ride. As they attempt to escape, Richie secretly steals the money from the safe from which "Frankenstein\'s monster" took Zena\'s fee. The ride\'s barker, Conrad Straker, discovers what "Frankenstein\'s monster"—his adopted son Gunther—has done to Zena. Conrad also realizes that the money is missing. Thinking Gunther took it, he attacks him. Gunther\'s mask is removed revealing a gruesomely deformed face with sharp protruding teeth and ruby-red eyes. The teens see this, and Conrad realizes someone is watching. He stalks the ride to eliminate any witnesses and heckles Gunther into a murderous rage. Various ride props are used as murder weapons. The teens die one at a time by the hands of Conrad and Gunther, until only Amy and Buzz remain. Buzz kills Conrad, but is then killed by Gunther. During a showdown between Gunther and Amy in the funhouse\'s maintenance area, Gunther is electrocuted and crushed to death between two spinning gears. As dawn breaks, Amy emerges from the funhouse while the animatronic fat lady perched atop the ride laughs.'] [' A disturbed wedding video cameraman and his assistant tape over a horror film that the audience has supposedly just rented, breaking the fourth wall and using meta-reference he then shows the audience his gruesome activities as a serial killer. The film raises questions surrounding visceral pleasure, this can be seen in one scene in particular during which the audience cannot see the victims  being murdered, Max Parry then asks the audience "I bet a part of you wanted to see that, and if you didn\'t, why are you still watching?" At the end of the film the audience is left to think that the copy of Last Horror Movie they are watching is the only one, and that they will become part of Max Parry\'s sick lesson.'] ['Easygoing Ray just can not seem to catch a break from his micro-managing boss to his demanding girlfriend. After so much pressure and a little encouragement from a sweet Tara, he engages in a drunken one-night stand. When Tara decides she wants to keep Ray and he decides not to give her what she wants, she makes him pay with his loved one’s lives.'] ['Ezra Cobb lives with his mother in an unidentified region of the Midwest. His mother, a religious fanatic, has indoctrinated him since childhood to hate women. Upon her death, Ezra digs her up again, believing that she is still alive. Ever more deluded each passing day, Ezra digs up various bodies, restoring them from their decomposition and even using them as home decor. Soon, Ezra\'s obsessions go beyond the dead themselves, and he becomes a serial killer. Luring women into his grasp, he soon finds various other "creative" ways in which to decorate his home.'] ['The film takes place in 1986, 13 years after the events of the first film. It begins with two rowdy high school seniors racing along an abandoned stretch of Texas highway, in route to a weekend of fun in Dallas. They are heavily intoxicated and use their car phone to call and harass on-air radio DJ Vanita "Stretch" Brock . Unable to convince them to hang up, Stretch is forced to keep the line open. The two teenagers encounter a large pickup truck which runs parallel to them on a remote bridge. Suddenly, Leatherface ([[Bill Johnson , wielding a chainsaw, emerges from the back of the truck and proceeds to attack the boys. After a short struggle, Rick  tries to shoot Leatherface with a .44 Magnum revolver, but misses his target. Leatherface then slices off part of the head of the driver, and the car ends up crashing. The following morning, Lieutenant "Lefty" Enright , former Texas Ranger, and uncle of Sally Hardesty and her invalid brother Franklin, who were victims of Leatherface and his family years earlier, arrives at the scene of the crime to help solve the murders of the two teenage boys. Lefty has spent the last thirteen years investigating his niece and nephew\'s disappearances while investigating reports of mysterious chainsaw killings across Texas. Although regarded with disdain by his peers, Lefty is able to convince the local newspaper to print a tiny article about his quest for justice. The article captures the interest of Stretch, who brings him a copy of the audio tape which recorded the attack on the two teenagers. Initially mortified, Lefty asks Stretch to play the tape on her nightly radio show so the law enforcers and the people will have to listen to him. As the sounds of the horrible attack echo across the airwaves of Texas, Leatherface\'s family arrive at the radio station. While preparing to leave for the night, Stretch finds Chop Top  , waiting in the lobby. When she tries to get rid of him, Leatherface emerges from the darkness. Horrified, Stretch locks herself behind the metal door of a storage closet, holding off Leatherface until he comes through the wall. Meanwhile, Stretch\'s co-worker arrives, but is beaten badly with a tack hammer by Chop Top. As Leatherface approaches Stretch, about to attack, she does some fast talking and charms him into sparing her. After a moment of distraction, Leatherface restarts his chainsaw and tears off through the studio slashing at walls, furniture and studio equipment, but leaves Stretch alive. He returns to the reception area where he leads Chop Top to believe that he has killed Stretch. Leatherface and Chop Top haul Stretch\'s mortally wounded co-worker off to their home, followed by Stretch, who winds up trapped inside the Sawyer home, which is actually an abandoned carnival ground decorated with human bones, multi-colored lights, and carnival remnants. Lefty soon turns up with three chainsaws of his own and begins to carve up the home in a rage shortly before he finds the remains of his aforemntioned nephew, Franklin. Stretch finds her co-worker dead and takes a look around the hideout. Drayton  finds Stretch roaming the grounds and the family capture her. Lefty eventually finds her being tortured at the dinner table and saves her. Drayton tries to bribe Lefty with money, but Lefty slashes Drayton\'s back side with the chainsaw, and frees Stretch. A battle between Lefty and the Sawyer family ensues, ending with a chainsaw duel between Leatherface and Lefty. As a wounded Drayton commentates from under the table, Lefty gains the upper hand and impales Leatherface in the stomach. In the end, Lefty and most of the Sawyer family  are apparently killed when a grenade  goes off prematurely. Only Chop Top and Stretch escape, where they have a final battle in a carved-out rock tower that overlooks the property. Despite being slashed several times with a straight razor, Stretch grabs a chainsaw held by the mummified remains of the family\'s grandmother in a ritual shrine in the rock tower. Stretch then gets the upper hand on Chop Top, as she cuts him with the chainsaw, causing him to fall off the tower to a presumed death. The final shot shows Stretch standing on top of the tower and emulating Leatherface\'s famous chainsaw dance from the ending of the first film.'] ['Dennis Skinner is a likeable decent-looking lad, who is driven by a disturbing childhood; moonlights as a skid row slasher style, serial killer who tends to prey on hookers, in-between those co-workers of his who despise him as he does in return. Who punishes those  in particular, by flaying his victims alive. On his trail is Heidi, a junkie prostitute, who survived one of his brutal attacks and now strives for revenge.'] ["The movie opens in the New Mexico desert, with the mutants from the first film having captured a woman who is being forced to breed mutant children. As soon as she has given birth, Papa Hades  smashes her head in with a rock, killing her. Nearby, a group of scientists working in the desert hills are attacked by Letch . It is also hinted at the beginning of the film that the surviving members of the Carter family from the first film were not killed by Papa Hades' mutant clan and managed to escape the hills. Some time later, a group of National Guard reservists in training are sent into the hills to resupply the scientists, who are working for the Department of Defense on installing a surveillance system . The soldiers arrive to find the camp apparently abandoned, with no sign of their commanding officer or any of the civilians, with outside radio contact impossible due to the topography. When the radio operator, Spitter , picks up a faint distress call, the sergeant  organizes a rescue mission, leaving behind Napoleon  and Amber . The search party discovers the mutilated body of a scientist in the hills, while Amber and Napolean pull another mutilated and dying scientist from beneath the portable toilet. On her way to join the group, Amber is attacked by Stabber , but a returning  Mickey  drives him off. Just as Napoleon catches up, Mickey is pulled into a bolt-hole and killed. At the same time, the remaining troops are also attacked by Letch, leading to the sergeant being killed by Spitter's friendly fire. Spitter himself is later killed by an unseen mutant sabotaging his rappelling gear. The troop soon locates their commanding officer, who has clearly become unhinged from recent events. He warns them of the mutants' plans to capture women for breeding and kill everyone else, then commits suicide. With their remaining gear stolen, the team is forced to try to find another way down the mountain. In the process, Missy  is captured and taken into the tunnels by Chameleon , where she is raped, while the remaining troop chases after her. They manage to kill mutants Chameleon and Grabber , but Stump  and Delmar  are also killed. Crank  is also killed by a trapped crate of dynamite. While in the mines, the troop locate a non-violent mutant named Hansel ([[David Reynolds  who eventually shows them the way out of the mines, but Amber insists on returning to find Missy. They find and free her, then have a final showdown with Papa Hades. The final three National Guard troops—Amber, Napoleon, and Missy—make their way out of the mine, seemingly alive and safe. However, the epilogue text in the closing scene indicates that none of the guardsmen were ever found, and at least one mutant is seen alive, and making use of the high-tech surveillance equipment to watch the survivors."] ['The action begins with Mexico City policemen banging on the door of what seems to be an abandoned house. Ulises  and his partner enter the house and find gruesome remnants of animal sacrifices and human remains. The two are ambushed by the occupants and Ulises is forced to watch them torture and mutilate his partner until he is decapitated. Ulises is shot in the leg and is allowed to live to warn other law enforcement officials to stay out of their way. One year later, Ed , Henry  and Phil , three recent Texas college grads, are enjoying a college beach bonfire in Galveston, Texas. They decide to head down to Mexico for the week to hit up the strip clubs and take advantage of a lack of law enforcement. Ed meets a bartender named Valeria  after being stabbed defending her in a barfight and falls in love with her, while Henry sets Phil up for his first sexual encounter with a prostitute, who is "barely 17". Phil immediately falls in love with the prostitute, who he quickly finds out has a baby. The boys, Valeria and her cousin Lupe  indulge in some hallucinogenic mushrooms before going to a carnival. Phil leaves early to give the prostitute\'s baby a teddy bear, and as he walks from the carnival alone, Phil reluctantly gets into a car with a couple of men who proceed to abduct him when he tries to leave. The next morning, Henry and Ed notice that Phil did not come back, and the two begin to investigate, eventually teaming up with Ulises, after Henry gets shot and they find the local authorities and the townspeople utterly terrified of Phil\'s captors. Phil is revealed to be kept in a shack on a ranch under the watch of a man named Randall , who wounds Phil after he tries to escape. The captors explain that they follow "some African voodoo" called Palo Myombe and are preparing a human sacrifice  to get the power of Nganga for their drugs to be invisible to the border guards while smuggling them into the US. Henry is later hacked to death by several men with machetes on the roof of their hotel, and Ed and Valeria decide to go with Ulises to go kill the men who abducted Phil. By then, it is too late to save Phil, however that doesn\'t stop Ulises from shooting the leader of the cult to death after being shot himself. Ed, Valeria, and Ulises travel down the road to a house inhabited by an old man, where Ulises bleeds to death. The cult members followed Ed and Valeria to the house, and the two risk their lives to kill the remaining members, eventually deciding to swim across the Rio Grande, two kilometers north of their location. The movie ends with a caption explaining that several kilos of cocaine were found in containers along with human hair, over fifty bodies were exhumed from a mass grave at the ranch, Ed and Valeria were questioned after being caught swimming across the river, and that several suspects remain at large.'] ["The film begins with a woman wearing a hospital gown, whispering to herself. Her back is revealed, showing sutures from injuries all over her back. The scene cuts to a woman who runs from something unknown to a road near a forest. She stops a car, screaming, begging for help, when her hand is revealed, covered in blood from a wound in her stomach. This is revealed to be Marie's dream. She and Alex, her best friend, are on their way to stay at Alex's parents' house for the weekend to study. When they arrive, Alex gives Marie a tour of her house before they settle down for dinner. After dinner, Marie and Alex get ready to go to bed. As Alex sleeps, Marie lies on her bed listening to music and masturbating. Marie hears a doorbell ring and Alex's father wakes to answer it. The man at the door is a serial killer, who slashes Alex's father's face with a straight razor. Alex's father's head is pressed between two rails of the staircase, then the killer shoves the bookcase towards the father's head, decapitating him. The noise awakens Alex's mother, who finds her husband dead and is approached by the killer. Marie, hearing the mother's screams, quickly arranges the guest room to make it appear that no one is staying there, and hides under her bed. The killer inspects Marie's room but does not find her. Marie creeps downstairs and finds Alex chained in her bedroom. Promising to find help, she sneaks into the parents' room to find a phone. After hearing loud thuds, she hides in the closet and through the slats of the door witnesses the killing of Alex's mother as her throat is brutally slashed with a razor. Alex's younger brother runs from the house to the cornfield, pursued by the killer. Marie returns to Alex, where she witnesses the young boy's murder from a window. Marie promises to free Alex, but the killer is heard returning. Marie sneaks into the kitchen and takes a butcher knife. Alex is dragged into the killer's truck. Marie sneaks into the truck with the butcher knife and hides there with Alex. He locks them in and drives off. When the killer stops at a gas station, Marie gives Alex the knife and sneaks into the gas station shop for help. When the killer comes into the shop, Marie hides and she witnesses as the store clerk  is murdered with an axe. The killer returns to the truck and Marie takes the clerk's car keys and chases the killer down a deserted road. The killer notices Marie following him, and rams Marie's vehicle, pushing her car off the road. Exiting on foot, badly injured, Marie runs into the forest as the killer seeks her. Eventually, Marie bludgeons the killer with a fence post covered in barbed wire. As Marie inspects the body, he grabs at her throat, so Marie suffocates him with a plastic sheet and makes her way back to the truck. Alex seems terrified of Marie as she returns to the vehicle. As police investigate the gas station murders via the in-store videotape, the tape shows Marie murdering the store clerk. In retrospect, the audience is shown how the family murders really happened. Finally, the audience discovers that Marie is murderous, delusional, and in love with Alex. At the truck, Marie unties Alex. As soon as Alex is free, she threatens Marie with the knife and accuses her of butchering her family. Alex slashes Marie's face and stabs her in the stomach before running into the forest. Marie chases Alex with a concrete saw. Alex finds a road and flags down a car. As Alex is climbing into the car, Marie appears brandishing the concrete saw and disembowels the driver. A stray piece of glass slices Alex's Achilles tendon. Alex takes a crowbar from the car's toolbox and crawls along the road. Marie forces Alex to tell her that she loves her, and she kisses her. While engaged in the kiss, Alex plunges the crowbar into Marie's chest as Marie proclaims she'll never let anyone come between them. The final scene shows Marie in a psychiatric hospital room, and Alex watching her through a one-way mirror. Marie grins and reaches for Alex, aware that she is behind it."] ['A group of kids break down while driving down a remote forest road. After a disturbing night alone in the woods, they stumble upon Camp Hiawatha in full swing and packed with seemingly happy teenagers. However, the teens and the camp itself are strangely trapped back in 1981. The clothes, the music, the hair, and the attitudes are 24 years back in time. The campers are forced to relive the same day and night over and over again. The night when a silent killer stalked the camp silencing campers and counselors one by one. The kids from the present struggle to understand and help the teens from 1981 break free of the curse. Working together both time-periods begin to learn about the different worlds from which they come and what it will take for all of them to survive.'] ["The plot of the film revolves around a murderer killing fishermen with an over-sized fishhook during a Wisconsin fishing festival. The movie was shot on location in the community of Hayward, Wisconsin; the town's landmark giant fiberglass muskie is prominently featured in the film. The production was originally entitled Muskie Madness, and many of the films crew will still refer to it by that title, however when picked up for distribution Troma insisted the title be changed. Though very much a low-budget production Blood Hook is distinguished from the other slasher flicks of the time by its quirky sense of macabre, tongue-in-cheek humor."] ['The story follows five contestants who agree to take part in a reality webcast. The rules are simple: "Spend 6 months in a house for $1 MILLION. If someone leaves, everyone loses!" With the end of the 6 months nearing, the tension between contestants Matt , Emma , Charlie , Danny ([[Stephen O\'Reilly  and Rex  is at a high level. Instead of their regular food deliveries, packages containing things like a gun, champagne or a letter, that tells one contestant a family member has died, arrive. One day, a man named Travis Patterson  arrives and claims he was lost in the woods. Travis seems completely oblivious to the cameras in the house and the contestants are puzzled to find out he doesn’t recognize them, even though he says he lives on the internet. That night however, Travis sneaks around the house and talks directly into the camera, communicating with whoever is watching them. Later while taking a walk outside, Danny discovers Travis\' backpack covered in blood and shred to pieces. The contestants assume he was attacked by an animal but Rex believes Travis works for the people running their show. He says it is just a trick to make them panic and leave, which would mean a forfeit of prize money. After this is taken into consideration, the house guests instead plea to the cameras and their viewers to call for help. The group tries to continue with their daily routines. Emma discovers her underwear, which Travis stole, among Danny’s belongings and confronts him. Although he denies stealing them, Emma refuses to believe him and later mocks him with Charlie, which Danny overhears. The next morning the group finds Danny dead, hanging from a balcony with a rope around his neck. At this point the house guests no longer care about their prize money and decide to use the emergency radio to call for help. After not being able to contact someone via radio they decide to wait until the next morning, when a helicopter is scheduled to retrieve them for staying in the house for the required amount of time to win. Rex uses a GPS unit found in Travis\' bag and his laptop computer to gain access to the internet to find out more about the show they\'re participating in. He gathers the remaining house guests and they all retreat to a room where cameras and microphones are supposedly not allowed. Rex reveals to his other roommates that he hasn\'t been able to find a single thing about their show. No advertisement or even mention of it appears anywhere on the internet, the only thing he could find regarding their show was a heavily encrypted beta site. Rex explains that he tried every hacking trick he knows and still cannot gain access. The group realizes that the subscribers are paying more than $50,000 to see the website. Rex then brings up the possibility of this being a snuff film. Unexpectedly the encrypted site gives the house guests access to a page displaying their pictures and odds with Danny‘s pictured shaded another color, representing his death. The screen then shows a live video of them, sitting in the supposedly camera-free room. The contestants then gather weapons to assure their safety. Rex searches through Travis\' backpack again and finds a flare and sets it off on the roof in the hopes that someone nearby will see it and come to help. While giving Charlie a massage, Matt suddenly talks to a camera, asking if he should kill her now. He then suffocates her using a plastic bag, revealing he is part of the show. Later, Matt kills Rex by chopping his head off with an axe. He then fires a single shot from his gun while running upstairs, telling Emma he was chased and hides with her in the attic. After trying to make a move on Emma and she refuses, Matt attacks her and chases her around the house. She manages to get a hold of the gun and shoots him, just as a car approaches the house. Emma gets out of the house to find a cop  waiting outside. The officer asks Emma if she was the one who set off the flare. Emma is terror stricken, and tries to tell him that people are dead and Matt is after her. She pleads with the officer to not go into the house. The cop handcuffs Emma and places her into his car. While in the car Emma is seen being is filmed. As the injured Matt comes out of house and screams that he wants to kill her, Emma gets out of the car and runs away. The cop then shoots her in the back with a rifle. Later, Matt and the cop are seen drinking champagne together. The cop reveals that he set all this up by himself, along with Travis Patterson, and very rich clients who pay a high fee to watch the murders. Emma is revealed to be alive, trapped in a small room. Just as Matt observes the captured Emma, the cop shoots him in the head, calling Travis over the radio who says that next time, he gets to be the cop. Emma, who witnessed all this, falls to the ground screaming in terror, her picture being broadcast over the internet.'] ["Forty years after directing and starring in a slasher movie, entitled The Dark Beneath, centred around a group of friends being killed by a masked killer, Ted Radford  suffers a mental breakdown and is admitted to a psychiatric ward. In an attempt to cure Radford, his doctor  shows him the movie, despite the warnings of Dr. Wayne . When Dr. Wayne arrives at the ward the following morning, he discovers evidence of a mass slaughter, however no bodies are to be found. Five years later, a local theater is showing The Dark Beneath for the first time since the murders. The theater's staff, Bridget , Rachael , and Kenny  welcome a small group of customers, including a biker couple, Harley  and Babe , Dr. Wayne and Detective Barrons , who both believe Radford will appear, and Bridget's boyfriend Josh , who is accompanied by his friend Mario , Mario's girlfriend Samantha  and their awkward friend Sully . Bridget's younger brother Timmy  also arrives, but is sent home due to his age. As the movie is about to begin, Josh convinces Bridget to allow Kenny to be in charge so she can watch the movie with him. However, after a while Bridget becomes unsettled by the movie and enters the lobby, where it is revealed she was abused by her father as a child. At this time, Kenny enters the basement to retrieve stock, but is attacked by the same killer from the movie, and is ultimately stabbed to death with a large corkscrew. His death is shown to the watchers in the theater, however they continue to believe it is part of the movie. Meanwhile, Josh convinces Bridget to enter the theater once again, while Sully goes to use the restroom. However, while returning he is too attacked and has his heart gored out. Bridget, Josh, Mario and Samantha think of it as an elaborate prank by Sully, but Rachael too is stabbed to death for all to see, prompting everyone to investigate. The Detective reveals himself to the rest of the group, who realise the deaths are real. The group try to get help, but find their phones do not have a signal and the theater's phone is dead. They also discover Timmy, who snuck back in to watch the movie. Suddenly, Radford appears and slashes Dr. Wayne's throat. The Detective shoots Radford, but there is little effect as Dr. Wayne is soon seen being dragged into a basement on the screen. Timmy tells the group he snuck in through the upstairs window, and so the group decide to try and escape. However, while doing so the window slams shut on Samantha's fingers, trapping her and forcing the others to flee. The Detective attempts to save Samantha, however Radford stabs both to death. Regrouping downstairs, the survivours find a police officer outside the front entrance, however Radford makes the group unable to be seen, and the police officer soon leaves. Desperate, the group resort to trying to break the projector, and thus stop the movie. However, the door is locked, and so Timmy enters the ventalation system. He makes it to the room and lets the others in, where Harley breaks the projector just in time to save Josh who is attacked by Radford. The projector quickly repairs itself, and Radford re-appears and chases the group. Harley, Babe and Timmy hide in a closet but the killer breaks through the door and stabs Harley in the stomach with the corkscrew, while the others get away. Bridget, Josh and Mario make their way back to the theater where they witness Babe being stabbed to death on the screen. Mario ditches his friends, but is eventually electrocuted to death by Radford. Josh also falls victim to Radford, while Bridget finds Timmy. Together, the pair are sucked into the movie world where Bridget finds herself in a basement. Radford tortures her, until she is able to escape and free Timmy. They are quickly ambushed by the killer in the movies mother, but Timmy stabs her in the back with a sickle and once again they continue their escape, with Radford chaseing them. Bridget realises the movie is coming to an end, and so sacrifices herself to remain trapped in the movie world to save Timmy, who enters the real world. The police arrive at the theater to find Timmy the only survivour."] ['Three gangsters decided to plunder the bank, having the perfect plan of retreat across the abandoned tunnels of the Moscow metro. Leader of plunder is former marine infantryman . But during a robbery situation spirals out of control: the raiders were forced to take hostages, and to hide in tunnels of subway with them. Since then, they fall into the power of the dreadful trackman. The Trackman is a giant, who lives in the catacombs for a very long time. Maniac methodically destroys their victims, and wrests their eyes. Grom is forced to accept the Trackman\'s challenge and fights with him in "the game of survival", in which there can be only one winner...'] ['Mike Reilly  is an NYPD detective who is called to the scene of a mysterious death in the subway system. The victim, Polidori , exhibits bleeding from his eyes and other orifices and, by the frozen look on his face, appears to have been scared to death. Department of Health researcher Terry Huston  is intrigued by the find as well, particularly when several more victims show up with identical symptoms. When a contagious virus is ruled out, the two team up to discover what might be killing these people. After some digging for clues, they send the victims\' computer hard drives to forensic specialist Denise Stone . Denise discovers that they had visited a website called Feardotcom which depicts voyeuristic torture murder. Upon looking at the site herself, Denise is subjected to various sights and sounds of torture that eventually drive her crazy and result in her falling to her death from her apartment window. Mike feels guilty, thinking that he should have never gotten Denise involved in the case. Terry figures out that people who visit the website die within 48 hours, apparently from what they feared most in their lives. Despite such dangerous knowledge, both she and Mike visit the site in order to figure out what is happening. As they begin to experience paranoia and hallucinations , including that of a young girl and her inflatable ball, they race against time to figure out if any of it has any connection to an extremely vicious serial killer, Alistair "The Doctor" Pratt , who\'s been eluding Mike for years. It is revealed that Feardotcom is, in fact, a ghost site made by one of Pratt\'s first victims, who is seeking revenge because people watched her being tortured and murdered. She was tortured by Pratt for 48 hours before she begged him to kill her, which explains why the victims have 48 hours to live. Mike and Terry track down Pratt and release the spirit of the murdered girl from the website, which kills Pratt. However, Mike is also killed. The ending scene shows Terry lying in her bed with her cat, staring at the ceiling.'] ["It is based on the true story of Ed Gein, who skinned, disembowled, and dissected his victims. As a child, he was traumatized by his mother, a religious fanatic who taught him that sex was evil and that all women  were sinful. When he kidnapped 58-year-old Bernice Worden, the police came to Gein's farmhouse and found her dismembered body, as well as parts of at least 15 other corpses. The movie plot centers on Gein kidnapping the girlfriend of a sheriff's deputy and the race to rescue her, something that did not happen in the true story."] ['Brian  begins an unwilling symbiotic relationship with a malevolent slug-like brain-eating parasite called "Aylmer" . Aylmer secretes a highly addictive, hallucinogenic blue fluid into Brian\'s brain. In return for a steady supply of the fluid, Brian must seek out victims for Aylmer, so that he can devour their brains. The film was largely a metaphor for drug addiction.'] ['{{Plot}} On November 5, 1969, three high school football players try to drug and kidnap their prom night dates. Their plan works with two of the girls but the third, Mary Banner , tries to escape. The football captain chases her into a storage room and punches her, knocking her out. He panics and locks her body in a trunk, thinking she is dead. She wakes up later locked in the trunk, eventually dying inside it. Thirty-five years later, this story is told among three school girls during a sleep over. One of them, Samantha , had written an article in the school paper critical of football players\' academic achievements and subsequently she, her friends and her brother David  are treated as outcasts by the rest of the school. They also jokingly conjure up Bloody Mary and in the next morning all three are gone. After having been missing for one day, they reappear, waking up in an old deserted mill, with no knowledge of how they got there. While most suspect a hoax on the girls\' part, Samantha and David suspects that it is some prank by football players. While Samantha is haunted by visions of a dead girl bleeding from her head, several pupils die under mysterious circumstances resembling urban legends; for example, football player Roger  burns in a sunbed, Heather , girlfriend to football captain Buck , has spiders erupting from a swelling on her cheek, driving her to cut her face with a mirror, and football player, Tom , is electrocuted while urinating on an old electrical fence, his ring finger being bitten or cut off. Buck blames these deaths on the Owens siblings. Before her death, Heather made up with Samantha and tried to tell her that this happened before. In her homework, Samantha finds notes sent to Heather about the disappearance of Mary Banner and the homecoming kidnappings of 1969, as well as notes referencing the events of the previous films. Browsing the school paper\'s archives, they find out that Mary was never found, that another victim committed suicide years later and that the third, Grace Taylor , still lives in town. They visit Grace, who claims that Mary, or rather, her "life force", is exacting revenge on the children of the five people involved in the kidnappings but cannot  reveal the names of the perpetrators. While Samantha is prone to believe her, David remains sceptical and thinks that Grace is more likely the killer. While sneaking around in Grace\'s house, he also found out that Grace produced or collected artwork on Urban Legend and identifies Grace as the originator of the notes sent to Heather. The siblings go to warn Buck, who admits that he and his mates orchestrated Samantha\'s disappearance and blames her for the death of this friends. He also reveals that his father, the football coach, was one of the kidnappers in 1969 but didn\'t hurt Mary. Samantha however suspects that the coach was the one that killed Mary as she saw him put flowers on her headstone earlier. Her stepfather, who overheard her, tells her to reveal any solid evidence she has. Meanwhile, an upset Buck tries to relax by drinking and watching movie in a motel. Falling asleep, he wakes up from hearing a dripping sound and discovers the corpse of his dog. He is attacked by Mary, who crawls out from under his bed and kills him with his broken bottle. Different rumours about his death immediately spring up. Both siblings are trying to find clues about the fifth remaining perpetrator, Samantha by browsing through old photographs, David by visiting Grace again. Grace still refuses to reveal the names but directs him to the school archives. Going through the archives, he suddenly finds out the identity of the fifth person and rushes home, but finds Sam gone and is suffocated by a hooded man. Samantha meanwhile has visions of Mary again, revealing that the girl was not dead when being locked in the trunk and also her whereabouts. She also visits Grace, who tells her to find and bury Mary\'s corpse and reluctantly agrees to drive Samantha to the school. While Grace is waiting in the van, Samantha finds the storage room and the trunk with Mary\'s corpse in it. The hooded man also appears and enters the storage room but Samantha locks him inside while carrying Mary\'s remains outside to the van. Finding Grace asleep, Samantha drives the van to the cemetery, where she begins to dig a grave for Mary under her headstone. Her stepfather, whom Samantha had phoned, also appears and helps her digging but suddenly hits her with the shovel. Pursuing his stepdaughter through the graveyard, Mr. Owens  reveals that he was the one that locked Mary in the trunk and that he also killed his stepson, David. He finally captured her and is about to decapitate her when Mary, in her living form, appears. Smiling towards Samantha, she kisses him, then reverts back to her ghastly form and drags him with her into the grave. When Samantha wakes up, the grave is surrounded by police and medical personnel retrieving her stepfather\'s corpse. Mr. Owens is announced to have died of a heart attack while trying to dispose of Mary Banner\'s remains.'] ["Alice L. Hardy , the only survivor of a murder rampage at Crystal Lake, is brutally murdered when Jason Voorhees stabs her in the temple with an ice pick after she discovers the severed head of Pamela Voorhees  in her refrigerator. Five years later, a group of teenagers come to Camp Crystal Lake to reopen the site and set up a new camp. As Paul Holt , the head counselor, tells the story of Jason, one of his friends leaps out of the woods in an attempt to scare the counselors. After regaining their composure, Paul tells the counselors that Jason is dead. However, Jason, whose face is shielded by a burlap sack, is stalking them. While standing by a tree, Crazy Ralph is killed when Jason garrotes him with a chunk of barbed wire. Officer Winslow is next to be victim, and is killed with a set of claws from a hammer into his head. Jason then begins to attack and kill the counselors. He kills the troublemaker, Scott, by hanging him by his feet before slitting his throat with a machete. He then kills his female companion, Terry, off screen. A wheelchair bound counselor named Mark is killed by Jason, when he is struck with a machete in the face, and falls backwards in his wheelchair down a flight of stairs in the rain. With a spear in hand, Jason moves up to where lovers Sandy and Jeff are having sex. Sneaking into the room, he impales the couple with the spear going all the way through the bed and to the floor. An investigating Vicki is murdered with a kitchen knife into her stomach after she is slashed in her right leg. A survivor, Ginny Field ([[Amy Steel , is pursued by Jason into the woods and finds his shack containing a shrine to his mother with the severed and mummified head of Pamela Voorhees on top of the shrine, surrounded by numerous candles and mutilated corpses, including the body of the recently murdered Terry and, most gruesome of all, the decomposed body of the long dead Alice. When she hears him approaching, a frantic Ginny locks Jason out, but he breaks in wielding a pick ax. Ginny's quick thinking allows her to dress in Pamela's sweater and manipulate Jason's low intelligence to think she is his reincarnated mother long enough to kill him in a surprise attack and escape. Unfortunately, Jason wises up after he sees his mother's severed head, and attacks Ginny. Paul suddenly arrives, and wrestles with Jason. As Jason is about to kill Paul, Ginny drives a machete in Jason's shoulder allowing them to escape. They, armed with a broken pitchfork, hide in a cabin. While they are distracted over Terry's dog wandering in, a still alive Jason breaks in through a window, finally revealing his hideous, deformed face. After a time, Ginny later wakes in an ambulance with no recollection of how she escaped, leaving Jason on the loose and the ultimate fate of Paul unclear. The final shot shows Mrs. Voorhees' head showing that Jason's murderous rampage is not over yet."] ['Nancy Weston , a reporter for The Globe, approaches Abraham Gentry , an obnoxious private investigator, and offers him $25,000 on behalf of The Globe to investigate the brutal murder of stripper Suzie Cream Puff . She sweetens the deal with a $25,000 bonus for solving the case. Of course this comes contingent that The Globe gets the exclusive story. Gentry takes the case and begins the investigation of the murder with Weston in tow. When at the club, Gentry encounters a waitress, Marlene , whose obnoxiousness rivals his. He gets through her to speak to another stripper and gets his first suspect, Joseph Carter. Soon, another stripper, Candy Cane, gets murdered and Gentry expands his suspect list to Grout , an unstable veteran who takes pride in crushing the heads of corpses he found when on the battlefields of Vietnam. He relieves tension by drawing faces on squashes and tomatoes and then crushing them with his bare hands. Gentry also suspects the leader of a radical feminist group that riots in the strip club, carrying banners with catchy phrases like "Lewd is Crude", "Quit with Tit" and "Women Right On!". Pickles, another stripper, is murdered and has her buttocks mutilated with a meat tenderizer hammer before having it salt and peppered. A badge with "Women Right On!" is found at the scene. Meanwhile, Gentry buys Weston many drinks to keep her drunk and out of his way. During one of Weston\'s drunken episodes she admits she\'s attracted to Gentry. Gentry ignores this and concentrates on the case. His investigation takes him to the owner of the strip clubs in town, Mr. Marzdone Mobilie . Gentry then coerces Mobilie into holding an amateur stripper contest with a $1,000 prize, which also works as the beginning of a plan for Gentry\'s trap.'] ['A group of friends go to New Orleans Mardi Gras. On their way home, they get into a car accident and realize they have hit a man. Before anyone can call for help, an ambulance arrives. They are taken to a strange hospital where their injuries can be examined. The plot centers on the old hospital where inhumane experiments are being done on the living patients. The "experiments" are brutal, often killing the victim. They are designed to save the head doctor\'s wife, who has a terminal disease. An entire human circulatory system is formed by the organs of a patient.'] ["The movie centers around cousins Spike  and Hoax , both teenagers who live with Hoax's overtly religious mother Lucy . While Spike is the neighborhood motorcycle bad boy, Hoax is an introverted nerd. Even though Spike genuinely cares for his cousin and protects him from bullies, Hoax is filled with resentment that he cannot stand up for himself or get the girl he wants . Both boys stumble upon 976-EVIL, which on the surface is just a novelty phone line that gives creepy-themed fortunes for a few dollars. However, the line is actually used by Satan to subtly corrupt mortals into his bidding. Spike loses interest in the line quickly, but Hoax soon discovers the true nature of the line and uses it to get revenge on everyone who has wronged him. Soon Hoax's spirit is almost entirely consumed by Satan, who possesses Hoax to cause death and destruction, culminating in an opening to Hell appearing before their house. Spike confronts Hoax, but is quickly overpowered. In a desperate last ploy, he calls earnestly to his cousin, reminding him of the plans they had to take a vacation that summer. Hoax's fleeting soul resurfaces briefly, and realizes his horrible mistake and embraces Spike, begging for help. Spike, realizing Hoax is lost and cannot be separated from the demonic presence, betrays his cousin and throws him into the pit of Hell."] ['A stranger walks into a small town\'s police station during a rainstorm on Christmas Eve. He tells the desk sergeant that he wishes to confess to murder, after which the desk sergeant points a handgun at him, and calls for his police colleagues to restrain him with handcuffs. The stranger refuses to reveal his name, preferring to be known as "Mr. Nobody", while the officers start freaking out and almost assaulting him just as detective Alexander Black walks in. The stranger states that he will confess to six murders, and when he starts describing each murder, the officers start dying in the same way he explains, while the stranger himself is incarcerated. While the officers continue to panic, the stranger notices a dedicated text on detective Black\'s golden-metal pen, and finds out the pen was a gift from Black\'s lost daughter, Mary Black. The officers think that the stranger could be a suspect whom they illegally tortured a year ago when they were investigating the disappearance of Mary Black, yet were unable to disprove the suspect\'s innocence. However, they realize that the victim of their violence should still be in a coma that resulted from their brutal torture, stationed at a medical facility. The officers then telephone the facility to discover that the victim had died earlier that evening, at the same time as the stranger entered the police station, proving that the stranger is in fact not who they thought he is. Despite this new evidence, the officers believe that the stranger is a vengeful spirit of the previously tortured man. Detective Black starts talking about superstition and his experiences in Gulf War, while the remaining officers continue to die in ways that mirror the acts they committed against the now-dead suspect a year earlier, until only detective Black remains. Detective Black starts apologizing to the stranger for killing an innocent suspect, after which the stranger says that he was the one who murdered his daughter. Detective Black then stabs his daughter\'s golden-metal pen inside his own ears to avoid hearing the stranger\'s confession. Black\'s dead daughter then appears to the detective under his desk. She tells him she knows the name of the stranger and whispers into his deaf ear, after which the detective decides to shoot the stranger with a shotgun, making him fall through a window of the police station and die outside on the street.'] ['Helen Lyle is a graduate student conducting research for her thesis on urban legends. While interviewing freshmen about their superstitions, she hears about a local legend known as Candyman. The legend contains many thematic elements similar to the most well known urban legends, including endangered babysitters, spirits who appear in mirrors when fatally summoned, and maniac killers with unnatural deformities.W. Scott Poole, Monsters in America: Our Historical Obsession with the Hideous and the Haunting , 53-54. The legend claims that Candyman can be summoned by looking into a mirror and saying his name five times (similar to the [[Bloody Mary , whereupon he will murder the summoner with his hook-hand. Later that evening, Helen and her friend Bernadette jokingly call Candyman\'s name into the mirror in Helen\'s bathroom but nothing happens. Discussing the legend with fellow academics, she uncovers an origin story. Candyman was the son of a slave, who became a well known artist. After falling in love with a white woman who became pregnant, he was set upon by a lynch mob, who cut off his painting hand and replaced with a hook. He was smeared with honey  from a nearby apiary, and the bees stung him to death. With her colleague Bernadette, Helen enters the notorious gang-ridden Cabrini–Green housing project, the site of a recent unsolved murder linked to Candyman. There she meets Anne-Marie McCoy, one of the residents, as well as a young boy named Jake, who tells her a disturbing story of a child who was castrated in a public restroom near the projects, supposedly by Candyman. While Helen explores the run-down restroom, a gang member attacks her: he carries a hook, and has taken the Candyman moniker as his own to enhance his own "street cred" by associating himself with the legend. Helen survives the assault and is able to later identify her attacker to the police. Helen later returns to school but hears a voice calling her name as she walks to her car. The apparent real Candyman now appears and explains that since Helen has been telling people in Cabrini-Green he is just a legend, he must again prove he exists. Helen blacks out and wakes up in Anne-Marie\'s apartment, covered in blood. Anne-Marie, whose Rottweiler has been decapitated and whose baby is also missing, attacks Helen and she is forced to defend herself from Anne-Marie using a meat cleaver. The police then enter the apartment and arrest Helen. Trevor, Helen\'s husband, bails her out of jail the following day, but while he is out of the apartment, Candyman appears to Helen again and cuts her neck, causing her to bleed unconscious. Bernadette then arrives at then apartment and Candyman murders her. The police are called and Helen is sedated and is placed in a psychiatric hospital pending trial. After a month\'s stay at the hospital, Helen is interviewed by a psychologist in preparation for her upcoming trial. While restrained, Helen attempts to convince the psychologist that the urban legend is indeed true by calling Candyman. Candyman appears, murdering the psychologist, and Helen is able to escape. She briefly confronts Trevor but he is now living with one of his students. Helen then flees to Cabrini–Green to confront Candyman and to locate Anne-Marie\'s still-missing infant. In an apartment\'s attic, she encounters the words "It was you all along, Helen." Candyman predicts that Helen will help carry on his tradition of inciting fear into a community, and promises to release the baby if Helen agrees to sacrifice herself. Instead of holding his end of the bargain, Candyman takes both the baby and Helen into the middle of a massive junk pile which the residents have been planning to turn into a bonfire, intending to sacrifice both Helen and the baby in order to feed his own legend. However, the residents believe Candyman is hiding inside the bonfire pile and set it aflame. Helen manages to rescue the baby, but dies from burns in the process. Candyman also burns in the fire, leaving only his hook-hand behind. After Helen\'s funeral, in which the residents of Cabrini–Green pay their respects to Helen, Trevor stands before a mirror in the bathroom of their former apartment. He chants Helen\'s name in grief, summoning her vengeful spirit. Helen kills Trevor with Candyman\'s hook, leaving Trevor\'s new lover Stacey with his bloodied corpse as Helen becomes the embodiment of the urban legend. The film ends as the credits roll over a painting of Helen with her hair ablaze on a wall in Cabrini-Green, showing that she has now entered folklore.'] ["Basket case is about a young man named Duane Bradley  whose Siamese twin brother lives in a basket. At birth, the monstrous twin with a swollen claw-like hand was attached to Duane's side. At an early age, they were surgically separated against their will. Duane's twin deeply resented being cut-off from his normal-looking brother. After the mutilation of Dr. Lifflander in the quiet town of Glens Falls, the brothers go to New York. The hideous twin is carried around in a large basket wherever his brother goes. Neither brother can rest until they avenge their surgical separation by killing the doctors responsible.DVD-Covers: Basket Case"] ["In a small town, the bully Luke and the troublemaker son of the sheriff Rodney are very aggressive with the outcast Frank and his moron brother, Donnie while dating the waitresses Katie and Beth, but Sheriff Greene resolves the situation. On the next day, Luke, Katie and Rodney are having a threesome in Luke's car and Donnie watches them; Luke and Rodney leave the car and beat up on him. However, Frank arrives and defends his brother, defeating the two guys. They drive away leaving Katie who had to run to the woods. Later, Sheriff Greene arrives in the cottage of Frank asking for Katie; but Frank glances at his brother arriving in the house with Katie's body covered with blood. Frank does not allow the sheriff to enter his house and later Donnie explains that Katie dropped in the woods and died. When Beth calls Katie's cell phone, Donnie answers the call and Frank decides to kidnap the girl. Then Luke and Rodney decide to investigate Frank's house and they are murdered by Frank in the beginning of a bloodshed in his real estate."] ["Allison and Cheryl are two college students in a new class, The Psychology of Fear. It is taught by a strange man named Edward Derek. One of Derek's in class experiments makes a jock wet himself in front of everyone, leading to the censuring of the class. Professor Derek invites his students to his home for a private lesson. There, he tells the students three tales centered around fear. In the meantime, the humiliated jock sneaks over to Derek's home to take revenge."] ["After being accused of crimes he did not commit, a lonely circus clown known onstage as Gurdy  exacts his revenge on those who unjustly condemned him. The act sparks something inside of him which he cannot stop and now, years later, his inner-demons have truly surfaced. Part urban legend, part tabloid sensationalism... he is now an unstoppable murderous juggernaut, fueled only by hate. And worse, when two tabloid reporters  attempt to hunt him down, they find themselves trapped in his warehouse, hunted by him and his conniving daughter , who already has a deceptive plan up her sleeve. It's a gory, horrifying fight for their lives with no telling who will emerge alive."] ['In Hollywood, the young teacher Nell  and her husband Steven  move to an old building called Lusman Arms. Some sixty years ago, the place was glamorous, but presently is completely dilapidated, and many of its residents have disappeared while living there. While her husband is working in the hospital, the lonely Nell hears weird noises and becomes afraid of their home. While jogging, she is introduced and becomes close to her neighbor Julia Cunningham  and they schedule a hike together on the next day. Julia never shows up, and Nell looks for her in the building. She finds that there is an evil being living hidden behind a wall with many corpses.'] ['Psychiatrist Dr. Hannibal Lecter  hosts a dinner party in his townhouse in Baltimore, Maryland. Lecter is later visited by Will Graham , a gifted agent with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with whom he has been working on a psychological profile of a serial killer who has removed edible body parts from his victims, leading Graham to believe that the killer could be a cannibal. During the consultation, Graham discovers evidence implicating Lecter in the murders. Lecter attacks Graham, almost disembowelling him, before Graham overpowers Lecter. Lecter is sentenced to life imprisonment in an institution for the criminally insane while Graham, traumatized by the experience, retires. Years later, another serial killer, nicknamed the "Tooth Fairy", appears. He stalks and kills seemingly random Southern families during sequential full moons. Hoping to capture the killer before his next attack, Special Agent Jack Crawford  seeks Graham\'s assistance. The death of another family weighing on his conscience, Graham reluctantly agrees. After visiting the crime scenes and speaking with Crawford, he concludes that he must once again consult Dr. Lecter. The "Tooth Fairy" is actually a schizophrenic named Francis Dolarhyde  who kills at the behest of an alternate personality he calls "The Great Red Dragon." He is obsessed with a William Blake painting, The Great Red Dragon and the Woman Clothed in Sun, and believes that each victim he "changes" brings him closer to "becoming" the Dragon. His pathology is born from the severe child abuse he suffered at the hands of his sadistic grandmother . Freddy Lounds , a tabloid reporter who hounded Graham after Lecter\'s capture, now follows him for leads on the Tooth Fairy. There is a secret correspondence between Lecter and Dolarhyde. Graham\'s wife  and son are endangered when Lecter gives the Tooth Fairy the agent\'s home address, forcing them to be relocated to a farm owned by Crawford\'s brother. Lecter, aware that the feds are onto him, raises the stakes: in return for his help, he requests a first-class meal in his cell and the return of his book privileges. Hoping to lure the Tooth Fairy out of hiding, Graham gives Lounds an interview, in which he disparages the killer as an impotent homosexual. This provokes Dolarhyde, who kidnaps Lounds, glues him to an antique wheelchair, forces him to recant his allegations, and then sets him on fire outside his newspaper\'s offices. At his job in a St. Louis photo lab, Dolarhyde falls in love with Reba McClane , a blind co-worker, but his Dragon personality demands that he kill her. He takes her home, where they make love. Dolarhyde attempts to stop the Dragon\'s "possession" of him by going to the Brooklyn Museum and literally consuming the original Blake painting. Graham deduces that the killer knew the layout of his victims\' houses from their home videos, which he could only have seen if he worked for the editing company that transfers home movies to video cassette. Dolarhyde finds Reba with a co-worker, Ralph Mandy , whom she actually dislikes. Enraged, Dolarhyde kills Mandy, kidnaps Reba, takes her to his house, and then sets it on fire. Finding himself unable to shoot her, Dolarhyde seems to shoot himself. Reba is able to escape as the police arrive and the house explodes. Dolarhyde, having staged his own death, turns up at Graham\'s home in Florida where he holds Graham\'s son hostage, threatening to kill him with a piece of broken glass. To defuse the situation, Graham slings insults at his son that are reminiscent of the ones Dolarhyde\'s grandmother had used against him. Feeling a sudden sympathy for the boy, the enraged Dolarhyde attacks Graham as the boy flees to safety. Both men are severely wounded in a shootout which ends when Graham\'s wife Molly fatally shoots Dolarhyde. Later, Graham receives a letter from Lecter, which bids him well and hopes that he isn\'t "too ugly."'] ['Lester Dwervick  has always been sort of different. The sickly teen is too shy to make friends, and lives in a trailer park. Because of these reasons, his classmates view him as a "white trash outcast". To make matters worse, Lester\'s mother is an alcoholic tramp who often brings home drunken men from the local bars. Lester has nobody to confide in, and often draws and sculpts birds and other animals to keep him hopeful of the future. One day, he is being savagely tormented by a local bully when Sheriff Patterson\'s  daughter Judie  sticks up for him. Thinking he has finally found a friend, Lester begins to feel happy for the first time in years and begins to draw pictures for her. One night, Lester goes to find Judie to ask her if she wants to be his girlfriend. Before he even has a chance to ask her, he sees his worst bully drunkenly kiss her. Judie sees Lester, who is running away in grief. Knowing there\'s nothing left for him anymore, the pressure of it all finally mounts and Lester swirls into a jealous rage and screams at his mother\'s latest boyfriend. He chases Lester into the cornfields outside his home and viciously strangles him, making it look like a suicide, and leaving his corpse near a scarecrow. One year later, several people in the town are murdered. First the drunken boyfriend by decapitation by scythe, next the teacher by impalement, next the bully who kissed Judie by brutally shoving a corn cob through his head. Lester\'s spirit has returned in the form of the scarecrow, where he is agile, fast, and superhuman. Lester\'s out to get revenge on all of those who mistreated him while he was alive. Judie attempts to find a way to reason with Lester, before she becomes his next victim.'] ['A group of friends leave New York City and head upstate to the country to watch a boat being built. Unfortunately, during their stay, they are stalked by a psychotic murderer wearing a ghoulish mask.'] ['When police raid a house in a city north of New York, they discover a profoundly disturbing record of one man\'s ugly crimes. Investigators find over 800 videotapes shot by the killer which present a visual record of his murders in all their horrifying details. Both state and federal law enforcement teams sift through the gruesome images, looking for clues of his identity, the identity of his victims, and where he could have gone. Repeated viewings of the materials reveal little beyond the terrible facts of the crimes, and as the authorities comb through the madman\'s images, they find the tapes have had a disquieting effect on them. The killer does not only capture the murders themselves, but the abductions, tortures and postmortem mutilations of his victims  all the while never allowing himself to be shown on film unless entirely disguised. Because the killer numbered the video tapes in order, investigators are able to determine that he started with the most vulnerable of victims: an 8 year old named Jennifer Gorman is abducted while playing in her front yard. After the success of his first abduction and murder, the killer becomes less impulsive in his crimes. Carefully selecting the area in which he will strike next, he convinces a couple, the Andersons, that his car has broken down and they agree to give him a ride to a local gas station for aid. On the way, he clubs the male in the head and subdues the female using a cloth doused in a chemical solution while filming her face in close up. Investigators understand this would have taken considerable practice to achieve. The tape shows that the killer performed a C-section on the female, placing the severed head of her husband inside her womb before sewing her up again to later rouse her from unconsciousness and film her reaction. In the process of investigating the Andersons\' disappearance, they come to realise the level of mutilation the killer is capable of, as well as his degree of premeditation. The killer made himself known in the CCTV footage of another gas station some time before the Andersons\' abduction and murder, using sign language to give clues where he intends to dispose of one of the bodies. It is then shown that the killer is stalking his next victim, the teenage Cheryl Dempsey. Taking advantage that she is alone with her boyfriend , he enters her house. After secretly walking through the house he places the camera where it cannot be seen and hides in a closet until he is ready to attack. Although he abducts Cheryl, he murders and mutilates Tim, leaving his corpse at the scene. It is only after the discovery of the tapes it becomes clear that this crime scene has been carefully arranged in order to obscure possible psychological profiling. Rather than killing Cheryl, he imprisons her in his basement, abusing her sexually, physically and psychologically as his "slave", a name he beats her into accepting as her new one. Cheryl\'s mother, Victoria Dempsey, appeals to her kidnapper in a televised statement. He then goes to see her, offering to help in finding Cheryl while filming her response. It dawns on Victoria that she is confronted with the man that has abducted her daughter, he merely chuckles and runs away while she is paralyzed with shock. At this point the killer changes his modus operandi and begins targeting prostitutes while posing as a police officer. In his video record we are shown that in some cases he does not kill his victim directly, instead forcing Cheryl  to kill them. Because of the location in which he dumps the bodies and the level of mutilation they have suffered, the press now dub him "The Water Street Butcher". Forensic investigations discover several of the bodies are found to have the same sperm secretions. Using Ted Bundy\'s advice on a previous series of murders, authorities come to realize that the killer might indulge in necrophilia with his victims and should stake out areas where they find "fresh bodies" instead of making the discovery public. This is impossible as they can never find a fresh enough corpse. Investigating one of the victims\' apartments, police find fingerprints and saliva on an unwashed glass leading them to arrest former police officer James Foley. Because Foley has a history of visiting prostitutes, no alibi on the dates of the abductions, various evidence found within Foley\'s car, eye witness statements and matching sperm samples, he is convicted as The Water Street Butcher. Foley continues to plead his innocence and refuses to make any deals; he is sentenced to death in Pennsylvania. A few days after James\' execution by lethal injection, one of the leading investigators finds a map in his mailbox letting him know they have "missed one" and the location of a new body. It becomes clear that the real killer had taken James Foley\'s sperm from a fertility clinic and meticulously framed him . Foley is exonerated of the murders on September 12th. Because of the close date to the 9/11 attacks, this goes unrecognized by the general public. The ever changing nature and variation of the murders means every psychological profile is contradicting. The Water Street murders continue. Investigators trace the location of his house by records from a downloaded map of the area where one of the abductions takes place and raid the location. They find the house to be so clean that there are no fingerprints anywhere and no clues to the killer\'s identity. Along with the discovery of over 800 numbered video cassettes capturing several thousand hours chronicling his sadism, numerous dead bodies buried in the back yard , they find Cheryl Dempsey still alive, over a decade after her original abduction. She has been mentally abused to such an extent that she self harms and tortures herself in secret. Cheryl gives an interview where she says she believes her captor loves her and will return shortly to collect her. Soon after the interview, she commits suicide and in a note states her undying love for her "master". Not long after Cheryl is buried, her remains are mysteriously dug up and disappear. Although only 27 of the cataloged videos are missing, numerous investigating officers are unable to find even the smallest hint as to the identity of the real Water Street Butcher. The tapes themselves become an essential part of the training for anyone learning criminal psychology. The Water Street murders cease and the case remains open, with authorities stating they will be keeping a close eye on places where the "documentary" will be aired as they believe the ego of the killer will not allow him to miss watching it. In one last glimpse of the killer\'s sadistic nature, after the credits, a clip is shown of the face of one of his bound victims in close up. The killer taunts her by saying that he will make her a deal: he will release her unharmed if she does not blink. After a period of prolonged hyperventilation, the film ends as her eyes close.'] ['The "Times Square Freak Twins" Duane  and Belial Bradley join Doctor Granny Ruth and her family of "unique individuals" for a road trip through the Deep South. Belial is going to become a proud monster father of an ungodly brood. However, a pair of warped sheriff\'s deputies kidnap Belial\'s babies. Granny Ruth and the family strike back, and Belial single-handedly decimates the local police station.custoManiacs: Basket Case 3 DVD Cover'] [' Jack Torrance  arrives at the Overlook Hotel to interview for the position of winter caretaker, with the aim of using the hotel\'s solitude to work on his writing. The hotel itself is built on the site of a Native American burial ground and becomes completely snowed in during the long winters. Manager Stuart Ullman  warns him that a previous caretaker developed cabin fever and killed his family and himself. Jack\'s son, Danny , has ESP and has had a terrifying premonition about the hotel. Jack\'s wife, Wendy , tells a visiting doctor that Danny has an imaginary friend called Tony and that Jack has given up drinking because he had hurt Danny\'s arm after a binge. The family arrives at the hotel on closing day and is given a tour. The African-AmericanHallorann\'s race is of much greater significance in King\'s novel IT than in this story, although in the film the ghost butler and Jack Torrance refer to Hallorann using racial slurs . African-Americans with supernatural powers are a recurring motif in King\'s novels. chef Dick Hallorann  surprises Danny by telepathically offering him ice cream. He explains to Danny that he and his grandmother shared this telepathic ability, which he calls "shining". Danny asks if there is anything to be afraid of in the hotel, particularly Room 237. Hallorann tells Danny that the hotel itself has a "shine" to it along with many memories, not all of which are good. He also tells Danny to stay out of Room 237. A month passes; while Jack\'s writing project goes nowhere, Danny and Wendy explore the hotel\'s hedge maze. Wendy becomes concerned about the phone lines being out due to the heavy snowfall and Danny has more frightening visions. Jack, increasingly frustrated, starts acting strangely and becomes prone to violent outbursts. Danny\'s curiosity about Room 237 gets the better of him when he sees the room\'s door open. Later, he shows up injured and visibly traumatized, causing Wendy to accuse Jack of abusing Danny. Jack wanders into the hotel\'s Gold Room where he meets a ghostly bartender named Lloyd . Lloyd serves him bourbon on the rocks while Jack complains to him about his marriage. Wendy later tells Jack that Danny told her that a "crazy woman in one of the rooms" was responsible for his injuries. Jack investigates Room 237 where he encounters the ghost of a dead woman, but tells Wendy he saw nothing. Wendy and Jack argue about whether Danny should be removed from the hotel and a furious Jack returns to the Gold Room, now filled with ghosts having a costume party. Here, he meets the ghost of the previous caretaker, Grady , who tells Jack that he must "correct" his wife and child. Meanwhile, in Florida, Hallorann has a premonition that something is wrong at the hotel and takes a flight back to Colorado to investigate. Danny starts calling out "redrum" frantically and goes into a trance, now referring to himself as "Tony".{{anchor}} While searching for Jack, Wendy discovers his typewriter; he has been typing endless pages of manuscript repeating "all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy" formatted in various styles. She is confronted by Jack, who threatens her before she knocks him unconscious with a baseball bat. She manages to drag him into the kitchen and lock him in the pantry, but this does not solve her larger problem; she and Danny are trapped at the hotel since Jack has sabotaged the hotel\'s two-way radio and snowcat. Later, Jack converses through the pantry door with Grady, who then unlocks the door, releasing him. Danny writes "REⱭЯUM" in lipstick on the bathroom door. When Wendy sees this in the bedroom mirror, the letters spell out "MURDƎЯ".In both forwards and backwards orientations, two of the six letters are displayed backwards, the middle DR for REDRUM and the final ER for MURDER. Jack begins to chop through the door leading to his family\'s living quarters with a fire axe. Wendy frantically sends Danny out through the bathroom window, but can\'t get through it herself. Jack then starts chopping through the bathroom door as Wendy screams in horror; he leers through the hole he has made, shouting "Here\'s Johnny!", but backs off after Wendy slashes his hand with a butcher knife. Hearing the engine of the snowcat Hallorann has borrowed to get up the mountain, Jack leaves the room. He kills Hallorann in the lobby and pursues Danny into the hedge maze. Wendy runs through the hotel looking for Danny, encountering several ghosts and a huge cascade of blood from an elevator. Meanwhile, Danny walks backwards in his own tracks and leaps behind a corner, covering his tracks with snow to mislead Jack, who is following his footprints. Wendy and Danny escape in Hallorann\'s snowcat, while Jack freezes to death in the hedge maze. In a photograph in the hotel hallway dated July 4, 1921, Jack Torrance smiles amid a crowd of party revelers.'] ['A babysitting uncle tells his charges three horror stories—about a killer witch, Little Red Riding Hood and a werewolf, and a story about "Goldi Lox" and the three bears.'] ['Thirty years ago, Robert Hyde, an outcast college student, was killed in a fraternity prank by the five members of the Delta boys. Since then, his tortured spirit has been haunting the campus, waiting for the perfect opportunity for revenge. A generation has passed and the sons of his five murderers are the new big men on campus - and Robert has the perfect plan to kill every one of them. He’s taking over the body of Becky Jekyll, a misfit campus loser. She changes from ugly duckling to sorority swan, assuring her entry into the in-crowd’s inner circle.  Becky doesn’t understand what’s happening to her, but she loves her newfound popularity. She fears she’s going insane when her special powers start causing tragic accidents and the Delta boys begin dropping one by one. Her sudden social status and its powerful effects have left her full of questions. Can she prevent a student body massacre beyond her control? How will she protect the Delta boy she secretly loves? What should she do to stop the biggest party of the year from turning into the ultimate Killer Bash?'] ["A priest practicing the Voodoo arts resurrects Matt Cordell  who takes his badge and comes back from the dead to do his bidding. Meanwhile a pair of cameramen who are hoping to make it big come across a convenience store robbery where a police officer named Katie Sullivan  intervenes in a hostage situation where she manages to wound the suspect, but she realizes that the clerk is his girlfriend and she had let him in purposefully to rob the store. There is a cross fire and while Kate is severely wounded and she ends up killing the clerk in return. When rushed to the hospital, she is rendered comatose and brain dead, much to the chagrin of investigating officer Sean McKinney  who had caught the report of Katie using excessive force in a hostage situation seeming to make the clerk an innocent victim and in response threatening to free the badly injured Frank Jessup. Meanwhile, stalking Katie's progress, Cordell goes to the hospital to watch her. He kills one of her supervising physicians with defibrillator paddles and the physician set to sign the warrant to cut Kate's life support by exposing him to high amounts of X-Ray radiation. The reporters who had framed Kate are then murdered as well. While McKinney and a physician Susan  are investigating the murders and the strange behavior experienced by the comatose Kate. Their investigations lead them to Houngan  who admits that he had brought Cordell back from the dead and he is interested in Kate who is on the verge of death. At gunpoint, Cordell forces Houngan to attempt the resurrection on her, but he is unable to do so, stating her spirit is refusing to return from the dead to be with him. Cordell kills Houngan and both he and Kate are set on fire in the process and she is immolated. As they escape, Susan and McKinney are chased by Cordell who survived the fire while remaining ablaze, he chases them in a beat up police car while they ride in an ambulance. They manage to throw an oxygen tank into the burning car before both crash, before Cordell can back up on the other disabled vehicle, the canister goes off, blowing the car and Cordell to ash."] ["Seven students answer an advertisement to participate in an experiment to explore how the sensation of pain can be eliminated. Arriving at a secluded institute, they are welcomed by mysterious and eccentric scientist JB Divay . But when students begin to disappear one by one, they begin to question JB's true intentions. In a final showdown, Jason  confronts her and discovers his boyfriend Kyle  strapped to a table beneath her final experiment, inches away from the razor's edge."] ['Deborah Ballin , a feminist activist, inspires the wrath of misogynistic psychopath and serial killer Colt Hawker  on a TV talk show. He attacks her, but she survives and is sent to County General Hospital. Hawker begins stalking her. Deborah befriends nurse Sheila Munroe , who admires her devotion to women\'s rights. Hawker murders an elderly patient and a nurse. He overhears Sheila\'s opinions on Deborah and "that bastard" who attacked her. Hawker decides to focus his attention on Sheila, stalking her and her children at home. Hawker courts a young punk girl named Lisa , then brutally beats, tortures, and rapes her. The next day, Deborah discovers that the patient and nurse have been killed, so she suspects her attacker is back to finish the job. She tries to convince her boss, Gary Baylor , and Sheila that she is not safe, but both think she is simply paranoid. Hawker visits his father, who was disfigured years ago by his mother, explaining his hatred for self-defending women. Soon he tries again to kill Deborah, but is thwarted by her security. A frantic Sheila is paged and finds Lisa  waiting for her. Lisa says she knows the identity of Deborah\'s attacker, and where he lives. Before she can alert anyone, Sheila gets an ominous phone call from Hawker, warning her that he is in her house with her young daughter and babysitter. She sends Lisa to warn Deborah, then rushes home, only to find her daughter and babysitter safe in bed. She places a call to Deborah, but a hidden Hawker springs forth, stabs Sheila in the stomach and pushes her to the ground, phone to her ear, torturing her for Deborah to hear. He moves toward Sheila\'s young daughter. Sheila can only scream in terror. At the last second, he walks out, leaving Sheila to die. Hawker goes home, where he devises one last plan to get to Deborah. He busts a beer bottle underneath his arm, wounding himself badly. Gary and Deborah have an ambulance sent to Sheila\'s house. Still alive, but badly wounded, she is rushed to the hospital. Gary accompanies the police to Hawker\'s apartment, where they discover photos of Hawker\'s previous victims, as well as of Deborah and Sheila. They also learn that the wounded Hawker has been taken to County General. Just as Sheila is taken into the emergency room, Hawker is wheeled in. After being bandaged and medicated, Hawker sneaks away to find Deborah and attacks her. She flees to an elevator. In the basement, she goes into a radiography room, finding a helpless Sheila, all alone, waiting for X-rays. Realizing she must lure Hawker away to protect Sheila, Deborah leaves and deliberately gives her location away. As Hawker approaches the curtain she is hiding behind, Deborah stabs and kills him. Sheila is wheeled to safety, while Gary comforts Deborah, who faints at the sight of what she has done.  {| class="wikitable" |- ! Actor / Actress ! Character |- | Michael Ironside | Colt Hawker |- | Lee Grant | Deborah Ballin |- | Linda Purl | Sheila Munroe |- | William Shatner | Gary Baylor |- | Lenore Zann | Lisa |- | Harvey Atkin | Vinnie Bradshaw |- | Michael J. Reynolds | Porter Halstrom |- | Len Watt | Clement Pine |- | Kirsten Bishop | Denise |- | Robby Robinson  | Matthew |- | Lorena Gale | Nurse 1 |}'] ["After the accidental death of his wife by electrocution, Cal Jamison  moves to New York City, where a rash of brutal, ritualistic child murders, supposedly committed by members of a Hispanic cult practicing a malevolent version of brujería have been confounding the NYPD. Things take a turn for the worse when the cult targets Jamison's son Chris ."] ['{{plot}} The film begins with a credit sequence showing women being assaulted, before moving to The Girl  waking up inside a coffin in a funeral home. The funeral director  hears this, and exits the room. The Girl manages to knock the coffin over, and crawls out. She crawls to the exit, only to find it locked, but the door to the adjacent room is open, so she goes in there instead. She picks up the phone and dials 911, where she is unable to report what has happened to her due to amnesia. The operator offers to send a police car to her, but she accidentally pulls the phone off the hook before they can find out where she is. She walks over to the door, but Chrome Skull  sees her and rushes to the door. He tries to get it open, but fails, and she sits down on the floor. When he goes away, she throws the phone down, and the funeral director returns to let her in. He puts the keys in the door, only for Chrome Skull to appear behind him. The Girl attempts to warn him, but he tells her no one is there, and Chrome Skull kills him. Chrome Skull tries the door, but The Girl pushes it into his head and knocks him out, before running away. She runs into the street, where she is picked up by Tucker , and she tells him she had been locked in a box. He takes her home, where she meets his wife, Cindy . At first, Cindy is nasty towards her, but after Tucker explains the situation, she calms down, and feels bad about all the things she said about her. She then allows The Girl to take a shower. She tells The Girl that she doesn\'t have a phone because the phone company cut them off, but her brother Johnny  will be over in the morning, and he can take her into town. The Girl goes to lie down, and gets upset, so Tucker comes in to comfort her. He then offers to give her a name until she can remember her own. She has a childhood memory of a doll named Princess. Tuckers suggests calling her Princess. When he returns to his room, he notices Cindy has disappeared. They go outside to find that Chrome Skull has her. Chrome Skull tries to get Tucker to give "Princess" up in exchange for his wife, but he refuses. Tucker tries to attack Chrome Skull, but Chrome Skull stabs Cindy in the head and pins her to the house. "Princess" drags Tucker away, but Chrome Skull comes forward. Tucker hits him with his walking stick and Chrome Skull falls down some stairs. Tucker and "Princess" get into Tucker\'s truck and drive away. Meanwhile, Johnny and his girlfriend Jamie  arrive at Cindy\'s house. Johnny goes to investigate Chrome Skull\'s car, and then comes back to his own car, where Chrome Skull cuts off his face. Jamie crawls on to the back seat, and reaches for the phone, but Chrome Skull stabs her in the hand. She gets out of the car, and cannot see him, so she runs into the garden, where he cuts her with his knife. She carries on running only to find that he has cut her belly open and her intestines are hanging out. She falls to the ground dead. Tucker and "Princess" arrange to go to the next house, where Steven  answers the door. He invites them in and tells them he can use his computer to contact the police. They tell him that Cindy has died and a man with a shiny face has killed her and wants to kill "Princess" too. While she goes to the bathroom, they report the crime to the police over the computer. They then look for more information on Chrome Skull, and look for missing people that match "Princess\'s" description. The site tells them that Chrome Skull has killed over 31 girls so far and filmed their deaths. They go to the police station in Steven\'s car and look for the Sheriff, who radios in a report. Tucker answers it, and reports the crime. The Sheriff tells them he is locked in the supply closet. "Princess" finds a body in a cell with a camera strapped to it, and then they hear someone behind them, and Tucker tells them it isn\'t the Sheriff. He radios the Sheriff again, who says he is locked in the supply closet. As Steven enters the closet, which is empty, the cell door opens and the camera comes on, just as Chrome Skull appears and dashes towards "Princess". He slices her, but Tucker knocks him over and into the cell. He and "Princess" escape, inadvertently locking Steven in, so "Princess" goes back to get him and Steven stabs Chrome Skull in the leg. They drive to the funeral home, where Tucker dresses "Princess\'s" wounds, and Steven sees his mother\'s corpse in a hearse next to his car. Tucker reassures "Princess" that no one is going to kill her, and hugs her. Chrome Skull arrives and takes Steven\'s mother\'s corpse into his lair at the side of the funeral home. Tucker goes home to clear up the mess in case Johnny sees it , and "Princess" decides to stop Chrome Skull. She enters his lair and tries to rescue a woman, but he approaches them, so she runs away. He then decapitates the woman. "Princess" hides inside a coffin and he drills a hole in the top before putting a camera on there. Tucker arrives back with a gun and shouts at Steven for not looking after "Princess". They enter Chrome Skull\'s lair and Tucker shoots him twice. They get "Princess" out of the coffin and steal Chrome Skull\'s car, where they find a new phone. They go to Steven\'s house, and "Princess" waits in the car. She watches a video of the funeral director telling Chrome Skull that the Sheriff was on to their plan. Then she inputs the destination of the nearest store into the GPS and sets off towards it. Tucker and Steven find her gone and go after her on foot. Meanwhile, Chrome Skull gets into a hearse and syncs the two GPS machines so he can track his car, before driving off to find it. Tucker and Steven attempt to get a lift from Tommy  and Anthony , who drive away. "Princess" pulls up at the store and tries to get out, but the doors are locked. She tries to get the attention of the Clerk , by beeping the horn, but he can\'t hear her. When Tommy and Anthony arrive she tries to get their attention too, but they ignore her and enter the store. Chrome Skull arrives next and enters the car. He gives her a message to get some tapes, and sends her into the store. She puts the phone on the counter and asks for the tapes, but he sends her a threatening message, which the Clerk sees. The Clerk goes outside with a rifle and threatens Chrome Skull, but Chrome Skull grabs the gun and points it at his head just as he is about to fire it, causing him to shoot himself in the head. Inside, Anthony manages to call the police and reports the crime, before locking the front door. As Tucker and Steven arrive, Anthony goes to check the back exit, and is decapitated by Chrome Skull. Tommy initially refuses to let them in, but "Princess" says she knows them. She apologizes for driving away, and Tucker hugs her again. Steven then mixes some acid that will cause someone\'s face to burn, before they get a message on the phone. He goes to answer it, but Chrome Skull sprays tire sealant into his ears, causing his head to explode. Tucker tells Tommy to bring his car to the door and not to leave until "Princess" gets out. Tucker fires at Chrome Skull but runs out of ammo, and tells "Princess" to leave, but she refuses. She tells him Chrome Skull will never stop, but he tells her  that she is somebody great, and not to forget it. He attacks Chrome Skull, but Chrome Skull gets the upper hand and stabs him in the chest. "Princess" climbs into the fridge, and Chrome Skull puts a camera in there. She watches the video and it reveals that she is a call girl that Chrome Skull had lured to his hotel room, where he hit her head with a baseball bat. She smashes the camera and yells at Chrome Skull, saying she does not care anymore. He breaks the glass door to the fridge, but his mask falls off. Chrome Skull then starts to use the acid, thinking it is glue, to glue his mask back on. When he puts it on, his face begins to melt and he falls to the ground. "Princess" climbs out of the freezer and grabs a baseball bat, hitting him in the face and causing his head to smash. She runs over to Tucker and lays her head on his chest and weeps. Tucker looks down at her, but has a vision of his wife telling him she loves him more than anything. Tucker dies. "Princess" then Tommy in his car and they go to Atlanta with her in Anthony\'s place. During the credits, the police arrive at the store, where they find a note on Tucker\'s body, telling them the location of the killer\'s victims, and letting them know to have Steven buried next to his mother.'] ['In order to become a member of a fraternity, the applicants have to go through initiation rituals to show their loyalty. Way back in the 1960s, someone played a nasty trick on the student Sidney Scheider: He had to take a bath in a tub filled with cornflakes and coffee grounds, vinegar and even more disgusting substances. Nothing unusual so far but someone had replaced the water with pure acid. Sidney was seriously wounded and died a horrible death. This year Acid Sid returns with a vengeance, killing everyone who comes his way. One by one is slaughtered and in the college hell breaks loose.'] ['Poindexter Williams, known as \'Fool\', is a resident of a ghetto of Los Angeles. Fool learns that he and his family have been evicted from their apartment by their landlords, the Robesons. Leroy , an acquaintance of Fool\'s sister Ruby, offers to help Fool provide for his family by planning a burglary of the Robesons\' residence after discovering evidence of gold coins in their possession. The Robesons themselves, known only as Daddy  and Mommy  live in a large home in a residential neighborhood with their daughter Alice  whom they terrorize and abuse incessantly. Leroy and his associate Spenser take Fool to the house for reconnaissance, but are foiled; Spenser, posing as a municipal worker, succeeds, but when the Robesons leave the home, Fool and Leroy became suspicious and decide to break in. They find the house is heavily fortified against all forms of escape: doors have industrial locks, and all windows are sound- and shatterproof glass wired and padlocked from the outside. After escaping a vicious attack dog named Prince, they split up; Fool ventures into the dungeon-like basement, where strange noises and figures scurry behind a barricaded corral under the stairwell, and finds Spenser dead on the floor. Terrified, Fool flees and reunites with Leroy as the Robesons return; Leroy is discovered and shot to death by Daddy, while Fool is drawn by a lure into a labyrinth of passageways between the walls that leads to an older section of the house, where he meets Alice. She tells him that the people in the cellar are the former children of her parents who have disobeyed one of the three "see/speak/hear no evil" rules of the household. The children have had the offending body parts amputated as punishment before being imprisoned in the basement, where they have degenerated into cannibalism to survive. Alice has avoided this fate by obeying the rules without question. She also tells him that one of the boys, a mute named Roach , has escaped from the cellar and into the walls, evading Daddy, who relentlessly hunts him through the house with a shotgun while clad in a full-bodied leather BDSM outfit. When the police arrive to inspect Leroy\'s van, the Robesons discover Fool\'s phony Cub Scout uniform and realize he is inside the house. Fool narrowly manages to evade detection with the aid of Roach, but is captured when he is reunited with Alice; Roach escapes, but is shot in the process. He rescues Fool from the cellar after Daddy leaves him for the cannibals, giving him a small bag of gold coins and a written plea to save Alice before succumbing to his wound. Fool ascends the furnace chute to save Alice. Fool punches Daddy as he and Alice escape into the heating ducts. Meanwhile, Daddy finds Roach\'s dead body in the furnace and cremates him. Then Daddy has Prince to kill Fool. It was a failure as Fool uses the dog to avoid his death, inadvertently causing Daddy to accidentally kill Prince. They reach the attic and find an open window below the garden pond, but Alice is too afraid to jump and Fool is forced to do so without her after Daddy discovers them. Fool climbs over the fence to freedom, but yells to Alice that he will return for her. Once home, his grandfather Booker  plans to pawn the coins to pay for the family\'s rent and a life-saving operation for Fool\'s mother. He also tells them that the Robesons are not spouses, but siblings, the last of a mortician family that built a fortune based on exorbitant pricing and unscrupulous real estate deals. Greed and paranoia eventually drove them into incestuous procreation, and each generation has become increasingly unstable and psychotic. Fool alerts the police, and sneaks back into the house as the Robesons successfully hide their actions with a clever charade. After the police leave, they ambush him, but he frees himself and climbs towards the attic, where he finds Alice bound to the chimney. Once informed that she was kidnapped by the Robesons, she commits to helping him stop them. Fool wanted to escape the same way he did the first time, but Alice warns him that the minute Fool escaped, Daddy has drained the pond with broken glass and rocks on it, sealed off many of the passageways, and wired the entire house with explosives. Fool is cornered by Daddy during a failed surprise attack, but is saved when Ruby, Booker, and the rest of the ghetto converge on the house, distracting them enough for him to escape into the corral. The People Under the Stairs, eager to assist an ally of Roach, take Fool to the vault, where the Robesons have stashed their enormous stores of cash and gold, as well as their stockpile of dynamite. Alice is cornered by Mommy, but the cannibals break out of the basement and chase her to the kitchen, where Alice stabs her with a kitchen knife and denounces her as her mother; they then slit her throat and toss her down the basement steps to be preyed upon by the other children. Distraught, Daddy tracks Fool to the vault, only to find that he has commandeered the detonating wires and threatens to blow up the vault; Daddy attempts a feint, and Fool sets off the detonator. The resulting explosion demolishes most of the house and spits the money up through the crematorium chimney and onto the throngs of people waiting outside; Daddy is thrown through the corral wall and into the sewer, where he dies. Alice and Fool reunite in the basement, the tenants outside reclaim their pilfered fortunes, and the freed People Under the Stairs venture into the night.'] ['A quiet neighborhood outside of Oakland, California is held hostage with terror when a serial killer armed with a crossbow begins to stalk and kill the residents from their rooftops. Hunted in their own homes, no one is safe. And as the body count begins to rise, the neighborhood mirrors a ghost town. The only safe retreat becomes a horrifying deathtrap for three women who believe they are alone - until they hear the terrifying footsteps up above...'] ["As part of a project are sent to a place called Littletown to investigate and research a supposedly deceased German  expatriate rocket scientist, named Frederick Bartholomew who it seems was supposedly responsible for the V-2 rocket before embarking on a murderous rampage slaying all who he worked with in his final days spent here in America. In Honor of this achievement our project student group have got to make replicas of the rockets whilst at that location. A trio of this select members wind up stumbling across a pair of demented brothers, one, Mabuser is an unlicensed doctor, who's become mentally unhinged due to being convince destructive parasites have infested his brain, while his stuttering teenage brother Gary, is a shy and lonely psychopath with a thing for Tarot cards and concealed necrophiliac tendencies. All the while their father prowls the nights' lonely highways, dressed in one of his previous victims...as of all things Richard Nixon ."] ['"Doozakh-pur"  is a town that is notorious for crimes such as robberies and murders, and many lost commuters disappear without a trace. Some protesters are shown demonstrating against the act of polluting the drinking water. In the same scene, some villagers are seen gathering the same water for drinking purposes. Five college students, namely Vicky, Ayesha, Roxy, Simon, and O.J. are on their way to a concert. While in Hell\'s Ground they make a brief stop so O.J. could throw up near a river after eating spoiled Laddus. While he is vomiting he is bit in the leg by an unknown man. After crying for help and escaping his attacker he rendezvous with his group and they decide to move on. However, they haven\'t driven too far when they run into a crowd of zombies in the woods, who has turned into the undead presumably because of the contamination in their local water. The group narrowly manages to escape. Later, when the group feels lost, they are left with no choice but to seek help from the local natives living in the isolation of the Jungle. Upon exploration, a strange man dressed in a robe and representing the attire of that of a Fakir agrees to help them. However, after witnessing his strange and obnoxious behavior the group decides to force the man out of the car. When he barricades the car with his body, Vicky drives over him, crushing his body. Eventually the rented van is out of gas, and Vicky decides to get help from a nearby house. Little did he know that the house was being used as a trap to lure visitors so they could be killed and butchered into pieces by a strange character wearing a Burqa. From that point the plot unfolds to reveal the fate of each character.'] ["Surviving being impaled by a pipe and plunging into a river at the end of the previous film, the undead Maniac Cop Officer Matthew Cordell  acquires a junked police cruiser and continues his killing spree through New York, attacking a convenience store in the middle of a robbery and killing the clerk . As Cordell stalks the streets his enemies Officers Jack Forrest  and Teresa Mallory  are put back on active duty by Commissioner Edward Doyle ([[Michael Lerner  who has the two undergo a psychiatric evaluation under Officer Susan Riley ; while Jack is content that Cordell is long gone and wants to go on with his life, Teresa is convinced that Cordell is still alive  and is still plotting his revenge on the city for ruining him. While out at a newsstand Jack is knifed through the neck by Cordell, leaving Teresa distraught and prompting her to decide to appear on a talk show to inform the public about Cordell, the police having kept Cordell's supposed return covered up . While en-route to a hotel in a taxi Teresa is joined by Susan and the two are attacked by Cordell, who kills the cabbie and forces Susan and Teresa off the road. After handcuffing Susan to the wheel of a car and sending her into the busy streets, Cordell kills Teresa by snapping her neck. Gaining control of the car Susan crashes and is found by the police and given medical attention. Elsewhere a stripper named Cheryl  is attacked in her apartment by serial killer Steven Turkell  who has strangled at least six other exotic dancers over the course of several months. As Turkell brutalizes Cheryl, Cordell arrives and disposes of a pair of officers earlier called by Cheryl before helping Turkell escape. Grateful for the help, Turkell befriends Cordell and takes him back to his apartment, where Cordell stays for a short while before leaving. After Cordell leaves, Turkell goes out to find another victim, but is ID'd at a strip club by Cheryl and arrested by Susan and Lieutenant Sean McKinney . Placed in holding cell in the police station, Turkell taunts Susan, telling him Cordell will break him out. Turkell's assumption proves correct, with Cordell breaking into the police station and massacring the bulk of the police force in a hail of gunfire before breaking Turkell and several others out. Using Susan as a hostage Turkell, Cordell and another criminal named Joseph Blums  hijack a prison bus and head to Sing Sing, Turkell having convinced himself Cordell wants to free all the inmates and create an army of criminals. Following Cordell are McKinney and Doyle, the former convincing the latter to reopen Cordell's case and dig up and then rebury his casket with full honors, McKinney believing this will appease Cordell. Getting into the prison using Blums's  paperwork Cordell and the others kill a guard for his keys. Shortly after entering death row, Cordell is contacted over the prison PA system by Doyle, who admits to Cordell that he was set up and states that his case has been reopened. After hearing Doyle's announcement, Cordell abandons Turkell, Blums and Susan and heads deeper into the prison, where he is attacked with a Molotov cocktail by the three inmates who originally mutilated him. While burning, Cordell kills the three inmates and begins assaulting the other prisoners, only to be attacked by Turkell, who realizes Cordell was never his friend and only used him. As Cordell and Turkell fight, the two crash through a wall and fall onto the bus below, the two killers seemingly dying when the bus explodes. Sometime later, Cordell is buried with full honors alongside other fallen officers, two of the few attendees to his funeral being Susan and McKinney. As Cordell's casket is lowered McKinney throws Cordell's badge into the grave and leaves with Susan, giving a monologue about how there is a little bit of Cordell in every officer and that every member of the force needs to rise above becoming a Maniac Cop. Before the credits roll, Cordell's hand busts through the lid of his casket and grabs his badge, foreshadowing that he will return."] ['While driving on a secluded mountain road Ellen  loses control of her vehicle and collides with an abandoned car on the side of the road. When checking to see if the other driver is all right, she finds a trail of blood leading into the forest. Following it, she encounters a deformed serial killer known as Moonface , dragging the driver of the other vehicle. Narrowly escaping him, Ellen flees into the forest, with Moonface following her trail. Through flashbacks spread throughout she is shown receiving training from her survivalist husband Bruce , training her with both weapons and guerrilla tactics. She attempts to use these skills several times, but despite her best efforts is still captured by the killer, taken to his workshop deep in the forest on a ridge overlooking a large waterfall. After awakening in the basement, filled with the corpses of Moonface\'s previous victims, she encounters the delusional Buddy , apparently insane but seemingly unharmed by Moonface. He speaks cryptically of the killer\'s methods and intent. Shortly thereafter the killer comes downstairs, turning on a generator. Police sirens begin sounding as various lights around the room begin flashing. Lifting the other woman onto a large table, he uses a drill press to remove both of her eyes. After Moonface leaves, Buddy talks Ellen into picking the lock on the chains binding her with a sharp object that had been jabbed into her shoulder. Buddy, who seemed to be tied up, suddenly stands up and began shouting that Ellen is free. Moonface returns, and Ellen attacks Moonface and Buddy with a piece of wood. She runs upstairs where she is again attacked, but this time manages to overpower Moonface and knock him out a window. Looking out, she sees him dangling by a blanket several meters below, hanging above the waterfall. She watches as the fabric rips, turning away as he finally falls. Finding a gun, belt and boots, she leaves. Returning to her car, she opens her trunk to reveal the body of her dead husband. In another flashback it is revealed that her husband had raped her anally during a brutal fight, shortly after which she strangled him with his own belt. Taking his body to Moonface\'s workshop, she removes his eyes and strings him up in the front yard in the same manner as Moonface\'s other victims. Before leaving she shoots Buddy, mimicking Moonface\'s "shh" gesture before killing him.'] ["A young Tommy Jarvis stumbles upon a graveyard. Two grave robbers, Neil and Les, are digging up the corpse of Jason Voorhees. Jason rises from the grave and murders Neil and Les before advancing towards Tommy. The graveyard sequence turns out to be just a dream, and an older Tommy awakens from the dream in the back of a van. Tommy has been shifted between various mental institutions after killing the mass murderer Jason Voorhees four years earlier, who attacked him and his sister, Trish, and murdered their mother. Tommy has hallucinations of the hockey mask-wearing killer, and it is unclear what happened to Trish. Tommy arrives at a secluded house for troubled teens in the woods, called Pinehurst Halfway House. The house is owned by Dr. Matt Letter, and Tommy is shown to his room by Pam Roberts. He meets a young boy, Reggie, whose grandfather George works as the camp cook. The other teens at the halfway house include lovers Tina and Eddie, Robin, a goth chick named Violet, and a shy and stuttering kid named Jake. Joey, a teenager at the halfway house, is killed with an ax by Vic at the house. One paramedic, Duke, jokes, but another medic, Roy Burns, is saddened by the death. Two hicks that live near the halfway house, Ethel Hubbard, and her son Junior, threaten to shut the place down if the teens do not stop sneaking onto their property. That night, two punks, Vinnie and Pete, are murdered after their car stalls. The next night, Billy is waiting for his girlfriend, Lana, to finish her shift at a diner and is killed. Lana comes outside to meet Billy and is also murdered. The next day, more murders begin when Tina and Eddie go off into the woods to have sex. Ethel's farmhand Raymond is killed while spying on Tina and Eddie. After sex, Eddie retreats to wash off in the creek and Tina is murdered. Eddie returns and is also killed. Pam, Tommy, and Reggie go to a nearby trailer park to see Reggie's brother, Demon, and his girlfriend, Anita. Tommy gets in a fight with Junior and runs off, forcing Pam and Reggie to leave. Pam leaves Reggie at the halfway house and then searches for Tommy. Demon and Anita are murdered. Junior races back to the Hubbard House, crying to Ethel about what Tommy did, but the killer murders them both. Reggie falls asleep and the killer quickly murders Jake, Robin and Violet. Reggie awakens and finds the dead bodies. Pam arrives and also sees the bodies. They try to flee but encounter the killer, who appears to be Jason Voorhees. Pam and Reggie flee the halfway house, but are separated in the woods. Pam finds Duke, Matt, and George dead. The chase finally leads to the barn where Reggie rams Jason with a bulldozer. Jason rises and attacks them inside the barn. Pam fends Jason off with a chainsaw and retreats to the loft with Reggie. Tommy appears, and is slashed down the chest by Jason. Still alive, Tommy stabs Jason in the leg with a buck knife and climbs up to the loft as well, but passes out. Jason comes into the loft and finds Pam and Reggie, but Reggie manages to knock Jason off the hayloft. As they embrace, Jason pops back up and tries to drag Reggie off the loft, but Tommy musters enough strength to seize the machete and hack Jason in the hand, sending him falling down onto sharp farm equipment. The mask and prosthetic face are removed to reveal Roy as the killer. In the hospital it is explained that Joey was Roy's son and his death drove Roy  mad, causing him to dress up as Jason and go on a killing spree. Pam checks on Tommy, who is asleep, but Tommy suddenly pops up and stabs Pam with a machete. It turns out to be Tommy's dream and Pam comes in, only to see the window broken as Tommy stands behind her wielding a knife and wearing a hockey mask."] ['Three high school teachers, Ed, Doris, and Carl, are driving through rural Southern California on their way to a Dodgers game in Los Angeles. The group’s Chevrolet Belair has some trouble and they are forced to pull off to a gas station/junkyard on the side of the road. After examining the vehicle Ed concludes that the fuel pump will need to be replaced. Doris and Carl search the junkyard looking for the owner, but they cannot find him. In the residence Carl finds a warm meal with a table set for four, but oddly enough nobody is in the house. The three realize this is very peculiar and start to seriously worry about their situation. At this point Charlie Tibbs, a rather large man wielding a Colt .45, and his girlfriend Judy show up. Charlie and Judy have spent the past several days heading west from Arizona, leaving a trail of corpses behind them. Law enforcement is on the hunt for them, but Charlie has managed to stay a step ahead by changing vehicles frequently and then killing the people who offer their help. Charlie demands that Ed finish repairing the car and informs him that he and Judy will be stealing the Belair and taking off when Ed is done. Charlie threatens that if the three don’t cooperate “it’ll be the end of them.” During the next several hours Charlie and his girlfriend torment Ed, Doris, and Carl.'] ['{{Plot}}Jim Halsey  and Grace Andrews  are tormented by a mysterious hitchhiker who calls himself John Ryder . The couple hit the road for spring break. The hitchhiker dangerously stands on the road, near his broken down car. Jim nearly hits him and his car spins out of control. Grace insists that someone else will stop to help and they speed off. At a gas station, Jim sees the hitchhiker climb out of a tractor-trailer cab while gassing up. The hitchhiker introduces himself as John Ryder and asks for a ride. Reluctantly Jim agrees. While on the road, the hitchhiker becomes violent and holds a knife to Grace\'s throat. The hitchhiker tells him the only way to save himself and Grace is to say, "I want to die." Jim screams out "I don\'t wanna die!". He then hits the brakes hard, causing the hitchhiker to hit his head on the windshield. Jim then speeds up, kicking the hitchhiker repeatedly until Grace opens the passenger door and he is ejected. Later Jim and Grace drive down the road and see a station wagon with a couple of kids playing in the back seat. The hitchhiker appears in the back of the car, apparently having hitched a ride. Grace and Jim try to warn the family of the hitchhiker, but they are run off the road by an oncoming tractor-trailer which totals Jim\'s car. With no other choice after Jim\'s car is totalled, the couple is forced to continue on foot. They eventually find the family\'s station wagon on the side of the road. Both children and the mother are dead, with the father slowly dying. Hoping to find help for the dying man, the couple take the station wagon and head towards town. The hitchhiker appears, and attempts to run them off the road in a stolen truck. Jim and Grace stop at a cafe, where the father dies. Suspected of committing the murders, Jim and Grace are arrested and brought to the police station. Grace is interrogated while Jim is held in a cell. The hitchhiker shows up and kills everyone at the station except Jim and Grace, who flee on foot. Shortly after, the couple arrives at a junkyard. Grace attempts to negotiate with the lone surviving police officer from the station. When this fails, Jim and Grace order him at gunpoint to get into his car to allow them to escape and prove their innocence. However, before he can enter the car and leave to get reinforcements he is shot in the head by the hitchhiker. Another officer just arriving witnesses this and begins shooting at the couple as they attempt to escape. Despite suspecting that there might be a third suspect, Lieutenant Esteridge  sends several cruisers and a helicopter after the couple, telling his men to use any means necessary to stop them. The hitchhiker shows up in a 1979 Trans Am and helps Jim and Grace escape the police, managing to single-handedly blind shooting, take out all of the cruisers and the helicopter. Grace and Jim walk to a motel after their cruiser breaks down. After sharing a shower, Jim steps out of the room to make a phone call. He is gone for several hours and Grace falls asleep watching Alfred Hitchcock\'s The Birds. She is awakened by someone in the bed who is fondling her. The hitchhiker tries to rape her, but Grace manages to fight him off and hide in the bathroom with a revolver. The hitchhiker disappears as Grace searches for Jim. The motel manager sees her with a gun and calls the police. Grace finds Jim and sees that he is tied between a truck and a trailer. The hitchhiker looks in the side-view mirror and revs the engine, moving the truck a few inches. This hurts Jim and Grace runs to the cab to find the hitchhiker sitting in the driver\'s seat. Grace points the gun at him and tells him to stop the truck. The hitchhiker keeps hitting the gas, brutally hurting Jim. The police, who still think Grace and Jim are the killers, then show up and see Grace with the hitchhiker at gunpoint. They do not realize who is behind the torturing of Jim, who they can barely see chained to the truck. They tell her to drop the gun, but the hitchhiker tells Grace not to listen to them. The hitchhiker releases the pedal  and Jim is split in half at the waist, killing him. Grace is devastated. The hitchhiker and Grace are then apprehended by the police. The next morning, Esteridge tells the hitchhiker that he will be transported across the state. He also tells Grace, whose innocence has been proven, that the real John Ryder is missing and they do not know the true identity of this hitcher. He also informs her that he will be taking her for psychiatric care and released to her parents. The hitchhiker is bound in handcuffs with a bulletproof vest and placed in the back of a police van, with Grace and Esteridge driving behind them in an SUV. During the ride, the hitchhiker is able to break free of his restraints, kills the guard who is watching him, and shoots the policeman in the passenger seat. The driver loses control and rolls the van, taking out an oncoming car, which crashes into Esteridge\'s SUV. Lieutenant Esteridge\'s leg has been trapped in the accident. Grace takes Esteridge\'s gun, leaving him unarmed and helpless, and slowly makes her way to the van in which Ryder is caught. Grace opens the back door, whereupon the hitchhiker takes her gun and locks her in the back. The hitchhiker sees a pool of gasoline near the van, and shoots it, igniting the van. Grace manages to get a shotgun from the front seat of the van right before the gasoline explodes. The hitchhiker shoots Esteridge in the head and walks away. However, Grace survives the explosion and shoots the hitchhiker several times, finally killing him and ending his rampage.'] ["Somewhere in Wichita, Kansas, David is a potential college football star who's just won a four-year scholarship to a college somewhere in Oklahoma. His mates decide to throw him a serious farewell party while his folks are out that night. Unfortunately three uninvited guests secretly gatecrash these nightly celebrations, two are convicts who've fled from lockup, now hiding out somewhere in the home's cellar, while our third interloper is a mental patient escapee, with a connection to the party guests and notably David himself. Before long, homicidal rage resurfaces in one of this trio leading to a carnage-filled rampage."] ["Weeks before a high school graduation, members of the track team  are being mysteriously and gruesomely murdered, one by one. When the team's star runner, Laura Ramstead, falls dead from a heart attack at the championship meet, her U.S. Navy ensign sister Anne comes to town and a series of grisly murders begin."] ["A baby sitter is stuck watching over a young brat on Halloween night who keeps playing vicious pranks on her. To add to her trouble the boy's deranged father has escaped from an asylum and is planning on making a visit."] ['The plot begins with the long-time friendship of three women, Abbey , Jackie , and Trina , who reunite every year to take a camping trip. Once while setting their vacation up in the woods, they find their trip turns into their worst nightmare when they are captured by a group of two partially insane punk/"hillbilly" hybrids: Ike  and Addley . The punks lead a comfortable life, living along with their mentally abnormal mother  in an occult hovel situated amidst the wood. All through the movie, their mother goads her sons into acts of rape, violence, and murder. Eventually one of the women is severely brutalized by Ike and Addley, and the remaining two escape before the first dies from her sustained injuries. They soon regroup, arm themselves, and set out for bloody revenge against Ike, Addley, and Mother. After the girls take their revenge at the end of the film, as they are about to leave the woods they are attacked by the mother\'s deformed sister, Queenie.'] ['Cayce Bridges  is a psychic gifted in a form of remote viewing and empathy/telepathy that allows her to mentally link with murderers enabling police to catch them. That is until she encounters the mysterious and elusive Shadow Man , who is not only similarly blessed, but is more powerful than she is.'] ['The film begins with a psychotic maniac named Graham Sutter who offers a little boy with congenital analgesia named Martin Bristol his nephew\'s bike and kidnaps him. Graham cuts Martin\'s cheek then proceeds to butcher a young woman in front of Martin. Martin attempts to escape and makes a run for freedom, but Graham catches him and returns him to the farmhouse, where he continues to hold him and future female victims captive. Over the next five years, Graham brutally butchers several young women with Martin forced to witness the horrific acts of violence. Graham is seen throughout the film talking and arguing with a skull of a fierce bull hung on his wall of the farmhouse. The story then shifts perspective to Allison, a young woman who comes to live with relatives  in the same town Graham is committing his crimes. While out for a run, she sees Martin from the window of a supposedly abandoned farmhouse. During her run she is almost hit by a truck and falls along the road. There she meets local teenager named William, and the two bond and form a relationship of sorts. One night, Jonathan, her uncle, discovers her about to have sex with William and intervenes. The next day, upset, Allison goes to the farmhouse after she sees Martin in the window. She is captured by Graham. The following day, Jonathan gets concerned, since she never returned home. He drives to the farmhouse in search for her where he is shot dead in broad daylight by Graham. William drives by and sees Jonathan\'s abandoned car and becomes curious. He investigates the area and discovers Allison trapped inside a tightly locked meat room, but he is soon horribly killed by Graham. Allison manages to escape and rescue a mute, blood-covered Martin. Meanwhile, Graham takes Jonathan\'s body to his home where he stabs and kills Jonathan\'s wife, while their young daughter hides upstairs. Allison arrives at the house just as it has been set on fire by Graham. She stabs Graham twice as he was about to kidnap her young cousin, he stumbles and runs off. She runs downstairs and calls the police when suddenly she is horribly stabbed in the stomach repeatedly by Martin, who has now inherited Graham\'s psychopathic behavior. Martin goes upstairs to Allison\'s niece, where the screen fades black and her scream is heard. The house burns down. Martin returns to the farmhouse and kills Graham with an ax. The next morning, the authorities arrive at the smoldering ruins of the house, where the Miller\'s Beagle is the only survivor and is picked up by a police officer named Riley. Martin uses bones from Graham\'s remains to construct a skeletal shrine in the farmhouse, with a Bull Skull as the head. Martin is then seen staring out the window with a mentally deranged look, waiting for his next victim. In a post credit scene, the movie jumps a further five years, where a young girl is shown running away from something or someone, enters the farmhouse and discovers an adult Martin sitting at the table. She asks, "Can you help me?" and Martin turns around with a psychopathic stare and the film ends.'] ['The website "horrorvision.com" has a mysterious secret... anyone who logs onto it winds up dead. After Dez, a web programmer, logs in his girlfriend and others are attacked. Only Dez and a mysterious man named Bradbury can stop the ominous forces intent on ruling the cyber-world.'] ["College student and science genius Paul Conway  and his mother, Jeannie , have just moved into a new city. Paul is studying neurology and artificial intelligence at the local college, and has built a remote-controlled robot named BB , which occasionally shows signs of autonomy. Paul befriends fellow college student Tom , and a girl named Samantha  who lives next door to the Conways. Another neighbor to the Conways is a reclusive harridan named Elvira Parker . On Halloween night as a prank, Paul, Tom and Samantha have BB crack the combination lock on her gate so that they can ring Elvira's doorbell to scare her. When Samantha rings the doorbell, an alarm sounds and all three take cover beside Elvira's porch. As Elvira appears on the porch, wielding a shotgun, BB reactivates himself and starts coming through the fence. Elvira opens fire on the robot, destroying it. Samantha struggles with an abusive father , who ultimately beats her so severely that she is left close to death. The doctors tell Paul that she does not have long to live, and together Paul and Tom steal Samantha's body. Paul surgically implants BB's AI chip into Samantha's brain. Samantha is activated by BB's remote control and seems to be controlled primarily by BB's AI chip, although flashes of Samantha's memories periodically surface as her personality attempts to assert itself. Governed by this composite of BB's and Samantha's memories, Samantha, now possessing superhuman strength, avenges herself upon Elvira Parker and Samantha's father. The police track her down to the woodshed where Paul has hidden her, and Samantha's personality appears to gain total domination. This development is short-lived, however, as Samantha takes a bullet intended for Paul. After Samantha dies in Paul's arms, her body is seen in the morgue, where the coroner has just finished his autopsy and has pulled the sheet over her body. When Paul comes for her body, she transforms into a more malevolent version of BB and kills Paul by breaking his neck."] ['A playboy serial killer  seduces beautiful women under false pretenses, inviting them to his ranch/castle, to proceed to kill them in gruesome ways. He uses the flesh of the women to feed a great number of cats that he keeps in a pit, and keeps their heads as trophies, pickled inside glass jars. However, one woman he attempts to kill escapes. He runs after her, and gets a minor face injury during a struggle with her. The cats escape from the pit through a hole in a fence and, sensing the injury, attack and devour Stiglitz. The woman manages to escape in her car.'] ['Ten years after officer Dwayne Hooper’s son disappeared, the last of 14 victims in a string of local unsolved disappearances, his suspicions are aroused by prison inmate Ronald Perkins . Dwayne searches Perkins’ house and discovers a collection of torture videos featuring the missing victims from the past. In a fit of rage, Dwayne kills Perkins. But things get complicated when a wave of carnage sweeps the town, with reports of Dwayne’s own son amongst the marauding psychopaths.'] ["A former prostitute is in charge of a successful men's magazine. An obsessed admirer systematically slaughters her models  and supplies the mistress with pictures of their disfigured corpses taken in front of her semi-nude posters visible in the background. The more he kills, the closer the killer gets to slaughtering his obsession."] ['Four friends put on clown costumes, kidnap one of their old girlfriends from a costume party and hold her in a remote farmhouse in what is supposed to be an innocent Halloween prank. Tensions flare quickly, but old jealousy and resentment turn to suspicion and terror when the group realizes that a masked clown among them has a real axe.'] ['When this year’s round of unsuspecting Northerners fail to show up for their annual Guts N’ Glory Jubilee, the residents of Pleasant Valley take their cannibalistic carnival on the road and head to Iowa where they encounter spoiled heiresses Rome & Tina Sheraton and the cast and crew of their “Road Rascals” reality show.'] ["A murder mystery weekend. It's the perfect time for the perfect crime. At a secluded estate, a group of college friends are getting together for a weekend of fun and games. Killer, victim, or innocent bystander, they all have their part to play. But when the blood turns out to be real and people start disappearing, everyone quickly realizes that the only way out of this killer game is to be the last one left alive."] ['Steve , Larry , and Rip  are part of a paintball team known as "The Zero Boys". After winning a paintball tournament, they decide to celebrate. When the trio and their girlfriends take a leisure trip into the mountains, they stumble upon the most gruesome massacre in history. Blood-chilling screams lead the group to a deserted cabin, where they gradually discover the horrors of the killings and the evil causing it. Now the Zero Boys, armed with real weapons of their own, must do what comes best - destroy the enemy.'] ["{{plot}} A tourist, Vera Brandt , is chased and beheaded in the Swiss countryside. Eight months later Jennifer Corvino , arrives at the Swiss Richard Wagner Academy for Girls, chaperoned by Frau Brückner , who places her with roommate Sophie . While sleepwalking through the academy and out onto the roof, Jennifer witnesses a student being murdered. She awakens and falls, fleeing and eventually becoming lost in the woods. Forensic entomologist John McGregor 's chimpanzee attendant Inga ([[Tanga  finds her and leads her to him. Witnessing her apparent interaction with his insects, McGregor comes to believe she has a special gift for telepathy with them. Following an ilicit tryst the same night, Sophie is murdered. When other students taunt Jennifer for her connection to insects, she summons a swarm of flies which covers the entire building, then faints. Convinced that Jennifer is insane and possibly responsible for the killings, the headmistress arranges for her to be transferred to a mental hospital for the criminally insane. Jennifer flees to McGregor's home just in time to evade the transfer. McGregor gives to Jennifer a glass case with a Great Sarcophagus fly, which is drawn to decaying human flesh, and suggests she use it to help track the murderer. Later that night, McGregor is murdered in his home after Inga is distracted and locked outside. With nowhere left to go, Jennifer calls her father's lawyer Morris Shapiro for help. He alerts Brückner, who finds Jennifer and offers the girl to stay at her house overnight. Once there Brückner whacks Jennifer unconscious with a piece of wood and incarcerates her in the house. Jennifer engineers her escape through a large hole in the floor that leads through a tunnel to a dungeon and in the basement, she finds Brückner's son, Patua , with a hideously deformed face. He chases Jennifer onto a motorboat and attempts to kill her, but she summons a swarm of flies that attack him. Brückner exposes that her son was the one killing the school girls and that she killed McGregor to try to stop the girl's investigation. Suddenly McGregor's chimpanzee Inga attacks Brückner and kills her with a razor."] ["The murder of two college students  leads to a manhunt for the killer, who's chief weapon is a red and black ascot to strangle his victims. When a young college student discovers that she recognizes the murder weapon, she becomes a target of the killer and agrees with one of her friends, who is friends with their art history teacher, to stay at a local villa located on a nearby cliff. However, the isolated cliffside villa offers no protection for the killer, who runs over the street vendor who he buys his scarves from and who tried to blackmail him for his silence. At the same time, a young college student who is obsessed with one of the four girls and has been actively stalking her  and one of the locals in town, go up to the villa to spy on the girls only to be ruthlessly killed. The young student who invited her friend to the villa breaks her ankle and a doctor gives her a sedative; as such, she is asleep when the killer makes his way into the house and kills the girls, including the one who can identify him. She wakes up in time to watch him dismember the bodies but hides to avoid detection. However, the killer locks the house, trapping her inside while he prepares to dispose of the body. When he realizes that the last girl is alive, he baits her into coming out of the room she is hiding in and reveals himself to her. The killer is the art history teacher that the final girl had befriended. He is revealed to be insane and anti-woman, stemming from a childhood incident where as a kid, a friend of his stole a young girl's doll and placed it near the edge of the cliff. He would only retrieve it if the young girl let him see her naked crotch; she reluctantly agreed but at he stood over the edge of the cliff to retrieve the doll, the young girl freaked out and screamed, causing him to lose his balance and fall to his death. This led to him to believe all women are lying whores that use men and cause them nothing but death in the process. He reveals to his female student/friend that the first two victims were students of him who seduced him into a three way and then blackmailed him with the knowledge of the affair. He then killed the rest at the villa to cover his tracks and reveals that his scarf was the opposite color scheme of the male student he killed: black on red instead of red on black. However, as he begins to kill the young woman to ensure his crime spree is never exposed, her boyfriend shows up and after a struggle, kills the teacher."] ["The film revolves around two film students who visit a spooky old town in order to film a documentary about it. However, things in the town are not what they seem and before they know it, they're the next target of a mysterious hooded serial killer. The film is cross promoted in in the background of a scene in Troma's Tromeo and Juliet."] ['While vacationing in the Irish countryside, a dysfunctional family encounters a village of deformed and homicidal residents.'] ['Ed Harley  owns a small store in the country. He briefly leaves his young son alone while he runs an errand. A group of teenage campers stop by Harley\'s. While riding their dirt bikes, they mortally injure Harley\'s son. One teen, Steve, stays with the boy until his father\'s return; the rest flee the scene. At their cabin, the campers fight about whether or not to call the police. Joel, who is responsible for the boy\'s injury and is on probation for a similar incident, knocks one of his friends unconscious and locks two others in the closet to stop them from contacting the authorities. Harley goes to see a supposed witch, who says she cannot bring his son back. After Harley says that as a boy, he saw the witch controlling a mysterious creature, the witch agrees to help Harley seek revenge, but she warns him that vengeance comes with a powerful price. On her orders, Harley goes to an old pumpkin patch, digs up a disfigured corpse, and brings it back to the witch\'s home. The witch uses blood from father and son to resurrect the creature\'s corpse. Back at the cabin, one of the girls, Maggie, hears a voice whispering her name. Seemingly hypnotized, she follows the voice outside the cabin. Steve brings her out of her trance, but he is then attacked by the creature and killed. Harley experiences the murder through the creature\'s eyes. While the campers search for Steve, a clawed hand seizes Maggie, dragging her away. Harley has a vision of the creature killing Maggie and he returns to the witch, begging her to stop the monster. The witch laughs and says nothing can stop the monster. She warns that Harley will die too if he interferes. Joel confronts the monster with a knife, but the monster swats him aside and drags off another of the teens. The three remaining campers beg the locals for help, but the locals refuse, saying the three campers are "marked." Harley arrives and shoots the creature, but when Joel checks to see if it\'s dead, the creature impales Joel on his own rifle. A local boy, Bunt, helps the two living campers, Tracey and Chris, reach an abandoned church. Bunt relates the legend of the monster Pumpkinhead, explaining that the creature avenges one who was wronged. If anyone tries to stop Pumpkinhead, that person becomes marked as another victim. The creature attacks and throws Chris against a tree, then drags his body back to Harley\'s house, where Tracey, Bunt, and Harley have taken shelter. Bunt is caught when Pumpkinhead enters the house. While Harley experiences the murder, Tracey is terrified to see that his face has changed to resemble the monster\'s. She runs outside and finds Chris struggling to crawl away as Pumpkinhead prepares to kill Bunt. Harley stumbles out of the barn but is accidentally stabbed in the arm by a pitchfork. Both Harley and Pumpkinhead cry out in pain, and the creature releases Bunt. Harley notices that Pumpkinhead\'s face is turning more human, then realizes that he and Pumpkinhead are one. The only way to kill the creature is to die himself. The creature grabs Tracey by the neck, but before it can kill her, Harley shoots himself in the head. Both he and Pumpkinhead momentarily collapse to the ground. Pumpkinhead grabs Bunt again. Tracey grabs the gun, and Harley begs her to kill him. Harley, now fully changed, tries to attack Tracey. She shoots him several times until both he and Pumpkinhead fall to the ground, dead. Tracey, Bunt, and Chris then watch as Pumpkinhead bursts into flames. Later that night, back in the pumpkin patch, the witch buries Harley\'s now-disfigured corpse in Pumpkinhead\'s grave. The film ends showing his corpse still holding onto the necklace his son Billy, made him.'] ["In a Waco, Texas diner called Cadillac Jack's, crazed killer Millard Findlemeyer  opens fire on the Leigh family, killing Jeremy  and James , but leaving Sarah  and her mother, Betty , alive. Findlemeyer is arrested and sentenced to die in the electric chair, due in part to Sarah's testimony. After the execution, Findlemeyer is cremated and his ashes are sent to his mother , a witch who mixes the ashes with a gingerbread spice mix. Some time later, The Bakery, a pastry shop run by the surviving Leighs, is in dire straits and Betty has been reduced to a shotgun-toting alcoholic who shoots down the banner of the new restaurant opening across the street; Sarah sends her home with Bakery employee Julia . The restaurant owner, Jimmy Dean  arrives to complain about the banner and attempts to buy Sarah out, so he can knock down The Bakery, which he bemoans as an eyesore. After exchanging hostilities with Lorna , the Dean daughter, Sarah defers the decision. Returning to work, Sarah and Brick Fields ([[Jonathan Chase , another Bakery employee, find a mysterious gingerbread spice mix left at their doorstep by Findlemeyer's mother. They set to using the mix, but Brick cuts himself, allowing his blood to pollute the dough. Sarah permits him to leave early so he can pursue his amateur wrestling career as The Butcher-Baker at Wrestlepalooza. She then makes a large gingerbread man with the contaminated dough and puts it in an industrial oven to bake. Lorna has returned and planted a rat in The Bakery so the health department will shut them down, but is discovered by Sarah. A physical fight ensues, during which Lorna hits a switch that causes a surge of electricity into the oven where the gingerbread man is cooking, animating it. Amos Cadbury , Lorna's boyfriend, who has gotten tired of waiting outside for her, arrives on the scene. Sarah removes the gingerbread man from the oven, at which point the newly-dubbed Gingerdead Man leaps up, taunting them. They attempt to lock the living cookie in the freezer and Sarah tries to call the police, but the line is dead. Lorna calls her dad on Amos’s cell phone before the batteries go dead. Betty comes back to look for her stash of alcohol and Julia comes back looking for Betty. Each is, in turn, assaulted by the Gingerdead Man; Betty loses a finger and is put into the oven, while Julia is knocked out by a frying pan, encased in frosting, decorated, and left in the freezer. Amos returns to his car and retrieves a handgun. Jimmy Dean arrives to pick up Lorna. While he investigates Amos’s car, the Gingerdead Man takes Jimmy's car and, using a rolling pin to operate the accelerator, hits him, pinning him between the car and a wall and killing him. Amos and Sarah discover and rescue Julia from the freezer. Sarah tells Amos that she thinks the killer cookie is Millard. Lorna decides to wait outside for her father, but discovers only his body sprawled over the hood of his car. She steals his ring and heads back inside, where she triggers a tripwire that lodges a knife into her forehead, killing her. Sarah and Amos find Betty and attempt to rescue her from the oven, but the Gingerdead Man locks Sarah in the oven and knocks Amos out with a hammer. Amos recovers, shoots the oven door's lock off, and saves Sarah. Brick returns. The Gingerdead Man gets Amos's pistol and opens fire. Julia and Brick manage to subdue him and Brick eats the cookie's head. Their problem briefly appears to be resolved, but Brick turns out to be possessed by the Gingerdead Man. He is pushed into the oven and baked to death. Several months later, Betty, Sarah, and Amos are having a bake sale to raise money for the hospital, with a little help from two nurses . Two kids ask if they have any gingerbread cookies, and one of the nurses tells them that an older lady  stopped by a few minutes ago and dropped some off. The nurse opens the box, revealing five gingerbread cookies, who open their eyes. One of the gingerbread cookies is bought by a woman, who also buys a box full of pastries and ships them to her sister in L.A., setting up the plot for the sequel."] ['Six prep college students and a biker couple travel south towards Daytona Beach for Spring Break, but a detour leads them into the seemingly idyllic Georgia town of Pleasant Valley, which is holding its annual "Guts and Glory Jubilee" in honor of the American Civil War. While they stay in the town, completely isolated from the outside world, they are systematically separated and killed in gory fashion by the town\'s residents. Two students manage to escape, but upon alerting the authorities they learn that "Pleasant Valley" is nothing but a cemetery - a memorial for 2001 Confederate villagers who were massacred 140 years earlier during the Civil War. A plaque reveals that the town\'s residents will not rest until the crime has been paid back: 2001 villagers were killed, 2001 Yankees must be killed - an eye for an eye. As the two students drive away on their motorcycle, they are decapitated by barbed wire. The heads are picked up by Hucklebilly who walks down the road and fades away.'] ['A young woman is gang-raped by a group of construction workers. Five months later, someone dresses up in army fatigue and a motorcycle helmet and sets out on a bloody rampage for revenge. While many locals are killed, the local doctor and sheriff set out to find the killer and unmask him once and for all. After a short chase, the killer suffers a fatal fall on a construction site. The helmet comes off, revealing it to be Bubba, the brother of the rape victim.'] ['Thirteen women, friends who were members of a girl\'s college sorority, all write to a clairvoyant "swami"  who by mail sends each a horoscope foreseeing swift doom. However, the clairvoyant is under the sway of Ursula Georgi , a half-Javanese Eurasian woman who when a student at the college was snubbed by the other women owing to her mixed-race heritage. Georgi seeks revenge by tricking the women into killing themselves or each other. She also goads the clairvoyant into killing himself by falling into the path of a subway train. The victims are set up and killed off one by one until only Laura Stanhope , living in Beverly Hills, is still alive. With the help of Laura\'s chauffeur Ursula tries to kill Laura\'s young son with both tainted candy and an explosive rubber ball, but is thwarted. A police detective catches her trying to murder Laura on a train. Ursula flees to the back of the train and jumps off to her own death.'] ["The movie takes place in the summer of 2002 when Sean  inherits a farmhouse from his father. Sean was adopted at birth and until that point had no idea about his family. He and a group of friends decide to stay in the farmhouse located in West Virginia for a few days. When they arrive, they're attacked by a killer scarecrow. It has gotten negative reviews."] ['During the opening credits, pictures of three girls when they were children, as adolescent, and as young adult are shown. The girls are Tabitha Wright, Lisa Swan and Shelby Leds. These girls have great potential- "to succeed, be famous, and shine" respectively, according to their senior class yearbooks. It also shows a young unnamed boy who is very psychologically disturbed as it clearly states in his psychiatric report, and that he is extremely dangerous and currently detained.Amusement Review and Plot Synopsis  Shelby and her boyfriend Rob are on the highway headed to Cincinnati, Ohio. On the way there, they join a convoy of vehicles, consisting of a semitruck and a Jeep. The convoy decides to pull over for gas. Rob then meets the drivers of the two vehicles. The driver of the semi tells them that the highway ahead has bad traffic and he can show them an alternate route. While in the car, Shelby sees a frightened woman in the window of the semi. After they are on the road again, Shelby sees the same girl. A piece of paper flies from the semi, hitting their windshield. It says, "Help Me". Moments later, the girl jumps from the semi and lands on their car. The semi continues to drive as Rob, Shelby and the driver of the Jeep stop to help the girl. Rob gets back in his car and chases the semi to get his plates at the demands of Shelby. The driver soon ends up cornering Rob and then taking off back down the hill. When Rob gets back to where the others are, the girls are gone and so is the semi. The driver of the Jeep says that he took them. Both men get in the Jeep and track the semi to an old house. When they arrive, the driver of the Jeep says he wants to try to stop the semi driver first. He moves to the front of the house, concealing himself behind the screen door as the semi driver talks to someone over the phone. Meanwhile, Rob waits in the Jeep. He nears a noise and finds a cb-radio in the center console. Upon hearing another noise in the back seat, he turns and sees movement under a tarp. He removes the tarp only to find the two girls bound and gagged. The semi driver notices the car and comes outside. The Jeep driver then attacks and kills him by smashing his skull with a sledgehammer. Rob tries to drive away in a panic as the man approaches maniacally laughing. To Rob\'s horror, the driver of the Jeep holds up the keys outside his window. He then breaks open the window with his sledgehammer and attacks Rob. The fate of everyone in the car is left unknown.  Tabitha is in front of a big house, later revealed as her aunt\'s. She goes in and finds her two cousins, Max and Danny, completely alone. She asks the boys where the babysitter is and they say that she had already left. Later that evening, once the boys are in bed, Tabitha hears a knock on the door. Looking through the eyehole, she sees an anonymous figure in a hooded raincoat. She opens the door and inquires as to who they are. The figure tells her that he is the babysitter\'s boyfriend, Owen. He\'s very worried as she missed cheerleading practice. Tabitha admits that the babysitter had already left, but that she knows nothing else. Owen leaves. After that, Tabitha goes into the guest bedroom upstairs and sees that the entire room is decorated with clown toys. One doll in particular scares her, a life-sized one sitting in the rocking chair. Her feeling of unease only intensifies as the television turns on without warning and the remote is in the clown\'s lap. She goes to bed, but the thunderstorm wakes her up. Still spooked by the clown, she turns around and faces her head away from it. Unbeknownst to her, the clown\'s head turns to see her. Later, the phone rings. Tabitha walks to answer, not knowing that the clown had been watching her all along. The caller is her aunt, checking on the children. Tabitha assures that every thing is fine and compliments her own her new house. She does however express anxiety at the clown in her room. When her aunt asks which one, Tabitha says, "The one bigger than me". Behind her, the clown rises and walks towards her. On the phone, her aunt says that she has no such doll. Tabitha panicks and drops the phone, turning around to see the rocking chair empty. Terrified, she slips into the boys room and locks it. Tabitha whispers to wake up and hide, as a very bad man is in the house. The boys say that it is just Owen wanting to play, only increasing her terror. After the older boy says that Owen just wants to have fun, triple-blade spikes go through the door several times, missing Tabitha by inches. She pulls their dresser against the door and gets the boys out by the window, telling them to go to their neighbor\'s house and get help. The clown breaks the dresser and reaches out for Tabitha. She throws a lamp at him and climbs out of the window. Only moments later, the clown stands and attempts to stab her hand. Tabitha falls down and runs to the shed. Opening a closet, she finds the babysitter\'s corpse. The dead body falls and pins her down. Soon after, the clown enters the room laughing with a knife. His laugh is eerily similar to the Jeep driver\'s. The scene blacks.  Soon after the clown scene ends, the scene cuts to Tabitha in a police interrogation room. She appears disoriented and in shock. An FBI agent questions her about her attacker. In her shock, she doesn\'t answer any of his questions. He soon leaves. Tabitha then starts having flashbacks of her and her friends when they were children. The scene cuts to Lisa, Shelby, Tabitha and a boy standing in front of a school. The kids are showing off their art out of a shoebox with a peephole. Each girl\'s is artistically different. The little boy with them wants to see all of their boxes and refuses to show them his until then. Tabitha\'s is a circus, Shelby\'s is a farm, and Lisa\'s is a sleepover with three dolls. The boy calls each one boring and as he looks at each one, calls it worst than the last. The young Tabitha then looks at the boy\'s art, and recoils in shock and horror. The boy, however, smiles and states, "It\'s funny, right?" To which she replies, "No.... it isn\'t." The camera cuts to the school\'s name, revealed to be Briar Hills Elementary. When it cuts back to the children, all three girls are gone. The little boy smiles and looks into his box. Inside is a chained-up rat with its skin pulled back to reveal its organs. It becomes obvious that the boy is disturbed.  Lisa is with her boyfriend Dan looking for her roommate, Cat, who had disappeared the night before. They go to an old hotel that Cat said she will be at. Lisa tries to get in but fails. She then goes to Dan and asks if he can make up something to get in. He says that he is a health inspector. He then goes in the place and finds a music player. The man says that there is a surprise in the end, which is a knife flying out of the speakers, stabbing him in the eye. After dark and many unanswered calls, Lisa impatiently sneaks in the house and goes in a room with beds. She meets a man who is deaf who appears to help her. She finds dead bodies confined in the beds, and her friend Cat, who is still alive. While trying to free Cat, the deaf man turns out to be the killer and subdues her.  Back at the police station, Tabitha is being grilled by the therapist who asks her about her friend Shelby. Tabitha says that they were all good friends at school but have not met in years. Tabitha seemed puzzled and asks how she knows about her hometown of Briar Hills. She tells Tabby about a young boy she had as a patient. Before she walks out of the room she tells Tabitha that Lisa and Shelby are also here, and to sit tight because she will be back after she finds "a phone that works." The therapist has an uneasy feeling and quickly leaves the room. The door opens and shuts. Tabitha, still puzzled and scared, walks out of the room after opening the unlocked door and soon understands why the therapist left in a hurry, it turns out they are not at the police station after all. At the end of the hallway she sees the therapist lying on the floor. She goes to the body and then sees the officer approaching. Tabitha realizes he\'s not a cop when he begins his trademark maniac laugh - he is the killer. He chases her around and down the basement. Eventually Tabby is trapped and pinned in between two glass walls. When the lights come on behind Tabby sees Lisa and then Shelby, both are chained up and their skin opened. The killer comes in, initially taunting them all but then shows Tabitha that the two girls are virtually unharmed, and that \'their opened-skin\' is a trick. Realizing now, he will harm Shelby for real she pretends to laugh. As he comes to her, Tabitha stabs him in the neck with a scalpel she had hid in her hand. Eventually she is able to help her friends break free. They try to make a run together. But the killer stabs Lisa when she opens the wrong door. Tabitha and Shelby run away. They begin climbing a ladder with the killer in pursuit. He climbs up behind them and grabs hold of Shelby\'s ankle. Both fall down to the basement floor. Tabitha continues to climb, saddened by what she saw. Once at ground level, she is caged. Soon an elevator comes on and she realizes the killer is coming up. She hides in what she thinks is a closet. She finds the clown mask, costume, and the dead bodies of other people the Killer had murdered for making fun of him when he was a child each with their initials carved in their skulls. The killer surprises her as he looks through the peep hole and locks her in the room. She realizes she\'s in the back of a truck. The truck does not make it far from the house . Tabitha takes hold one of the spiked handles and waits. Taking a last look, he laughs while looking through the peep hole again. Tabitha stabs him through the face, killing him and she makes the remark: "Now that was funny." The truck drives away, with Tabitha talking about how she and her friends had laughed at him when they were kids, thinking that he was a joke. And that after he was sent away, they had forgotten him - but he never did. The film ends with her remarking that even though it\'s all over, she still cannot get his laugh out of her head. And his laugh is heard, again.'] ["Sheriff Jack Shepherd is tasked with investigating a mysterious blood-covered boy who shows up at his station one day. The boy appears to be supernatural in nature, and manifests unusual powers such as the ability to read minds or show other people his memories by touching them. Meanwhile, an unseen stalker is killing and butchering people in the woods. The audience is led to believe that the weird bloody boy is some sort of supernatural killer, similar to Jason Voorhees or Michael Myers. It is revealed near the end of the movie that the dead across the world are rising up and seeking revenge on the people who killed them. These dead manifest as blood-covered humans that seek out and kill their original killers. If a killer has more than one victim, all the victims merge into a single composite being. The blood-covered boy is one such being, made up of 6 people from the community who were killed by the stalker some time before. He is going around reading people's minds to learn the identity of his killer. The killer stalker turns out to be a local older woman, who has been murdering people in the community for some time. Her family was killed when the local dam broke, and in revenge she has been killing everyone involved with the dam, as well as their families. The bloody boy eventually tracks her down and kills her, just as she is about to kill Jack. The movie ends with a shock ending. The bloody boy is walking through the woods, when he is suddenly attacked and killed by another blood creature, this one much larger and more demonic-looking. The identity of the second blood creature is never explicitly revealed, but from the creature's appearance it is implied to be the old woman from earlier."] ['Courtney, the younger sister of the "new girl across the street" in the first film is all grown up now, but suffers from nightmares about the Big Bloody Incident. She and the other members of her female rock group go to a condo for the weekend to play music and have fun with their boyfriends. Courtney\'s dreams are of her sister, who is in a mental institution, warning her about the killer, and the dreams begin to spill into real life, threatening Courtney and her friends. The film ends with Courtney shocked to be dating with the killer, as she screams, a giant drill comes out of the ground'] ['The lone survivor of a shipwreck finds himself the captive of an insane family in a waterfront castle.'] ['An older man and his dog are out hunting, when they discover a serving tray on a stand in the middle of a frozen lake. He notices the words "Come and See" painted on several trees as he lifts the lid. Detective Aidan Breslin  is a widower who has become emotionally distanced from his two sons, Alex  and Sean , following the death of his wife three years prior to the film\'s events. Due to his former dental forensics expertise, Aidan receives a call regarding the contents of the tray, where it is revealed that it contained human teeth. After analyzing the teeth, Breslin is able to match them to a man who had been reported missing. Aidan is once again called to investigate the bizarre murder of a woman named Mrs. Spitz, who was discovered hanging in her bedroom, eerily displayed and strung up on a series of hooks connected to a rig; the words "Come and See" displayed prominently on the walls. According to her autopsy report, she drowned in her own blood due to a precise stabbing. They also discover that Mrs. Spitz had been pregnant and the fetus was removed. Aidan speculates that there were four attackers and that they had used a camera to record the murder. After leaving the crime-scene, Breslin comforts one of the Spitz\'s three daughters, their adopted Asian daughter Kristen , reassuring her that he will do his best to solve the crime. The next murder shares the same M.O. with the Spitz murder; the similar hook contraption leads Breslin to a local tattoo parlor. There, he is informed that the owner constructed four devices in total. Yet another murder occurs, but this time no hook rig was involved and the message only appears on three of the room\'s walls. While Aidan reviews the evidence at his home, Sean stumbles on one of the photographs. Sean\'s insights point Breslin to the Bible, where he discovers that these killings are patterned after the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, with each room corresponding to a Horsemen; the "Come and See" message pertains to the lifting of the veil and the coming of the Apocalypse. When Kristen contacts Aidan unexpectedly, he goes to meet with her, and during their conversation Kristen produces the missing fetus, confessing to the murder. During her interrogation, Aidan discovers the darker side of Kristen\'s personality, one similar to the Horseman War. Later, Breslin goes over to Kristen\'s house where he and his partner, Stingray , discover the video recording from the murders as well as some polaroids of Kristen posing sexually with Mr. Spitz . Mr. Spitz unsuccessfully assaults Breslin. Breslin confronts Mr. Spitz with the photos of him and Kristen. Stingray and Breslin arrest Mr. Spitz and his children are placed in protective custody. When Breslin confronts Kristen in jail, she claims to have been sexually abused for years and the murder of Mrs. Spitz served as punishment for her abuse. Following the interview, Breslin has Mr. Spitz arrested. A microchip discovered in the unrigged victim\'s stomach leads Breslin to an apartment associated with the four horsemen. The apartment is booby-trapped and is engulfed in flames by magnesium ribbons in the computers. Meanwhile, a gay young man, Cory , has a confrontation with his homophobic brother, Taylor . Cory puts what appears to be a sedative in Taylor\'s drink and hands it to him after he has heard his response to the issue. As Taylor drunkenly stumbles out to his car, Cory is accosted by another man in the parking lot. In response, Cory stabs the man, who survives the attack and later provides the police with Cory\'s description. The precision of the stab wound, and that Cory whispered "and Hell follows me", leads Aidan to assume that it was done by a Horseman . Elsewhere, Taylor awakens to find himself hooked onto a rig with his eyes fixed open. Cory appears wielding a bone saw, then proceeds to try to cut out his own heart, killing himself in the process. Breslin, convinced that there may be another victim, asks Kristen if she represented the Horseman War and that the unrigged victim was Pestilence. She confirms this, but refuses to relinquish any information about their leader. Breslin comes to the conclusion that due to the nature of the first murder, he was meant to be assigned to the case all along, and becomes concerned that his family will be targeted next. Breslin asks Stingray to go on ahead and check his house. At the Breslin home, Stingray is attacked and knocked out. Aiden arrives later and enters Alex\'s room for the first time in three years. To his horror, everything in the room is white or painted white: the color of the Horseman Famine, their leader. A clue points him to the Metropolitan Theatre, where Aidan first met his wife. When he arrives, he is knocked unconscious; when he comes to, he finds himself handcuffed to a seat as Alex dangles over the stage on the final hook rig. Alex starts bleeding to death, as he gives Breslin a speech regarding the Horsemen\'s emotional detachment from their families. As Alex succumbs to his injuries, Breslin rips his handcuffs off the seating and fires his gun to detach the rigging from the ceiling. Alex awakens as his father holds him. At the Breslin home, Sean wakes up from a bad dream as Breslin comforts him. When he asks where Alex is, Breslin reassures him that Alex will be okay, his fate ultimately unknown.'] ["The film opens with a girl starts to scream hysterically looking upwards to the camera. During a massive college party, Peter Bennett, the president of the Alpha Sigma Rho fraternity, decides to make four pledges: Marti, Jeff, Seth, and Denise told to stay at the historic Garth Manor until dawn on hell night as part of their initiation. Peter and a group of others, along with his friends Scott and May, bring everyone together and tells them about the sordid history of the estate as they walk while he leads them. Twelve years prior, Raymond Garth strangled his wife Lillian to death and then proceeded to murder three of his children  due to their severe deformities. After the carnage, Raymond hanged himself. However, police never found the body of the youngest Garth child, Andrew. Legend has it, Andrew witnessed the murder of his entire family and may still be living within Garth Manor. After the pledges get set up in the house, Scott and May assist Peter in attempting to scare them with mechanical devices and sound effects until they are quickly murdered one by one. May violently got dragged into a pit and got decapitated. Scott has his neck broken on the roof by a large, bare-handed man. Peter discovers Scott's body hanging from a wire and runs to escape without telling the pledges, but is attacked by an unknown assailant. He escapes, but gets lost in a garden labyrinth and runs into yet another assailant who impales him with a scythe. It is revealed that there are two killers. Meanwhile, Marti, Jeff, Seth and Denise discover the sound devices and bogus effects throughout the house set to scare them. After Seth and Denise have a sensual moment together, Seth excuses himself to go to the restroom, and a large, deformed hand covers Denise's mouth. Seth returns to discover May's severed head in the bed and runs away. As Jeff confronts Seth, Seth quickly decides to escape and seek help as Jeff and Marti stay behind. Seth climbs the spiked iron gate and escapes the house, but he promises to return with the police. Jeff and Marti search the house and discover Scott's hanging body with a rope outside a window. Jeff decides to go outside to look for the others and discovers Peter's corpse. As he runs away in horror, the camera focuses on Peter's hand. the gate keys grasped tightly. Jeff informs Marti that the others have been killed so they decide that it must be Andrew, but are unsure. While they lie in wait in a bedroom armed with a pitchfork, a mysterious shape comes up from the floor under a large rug to attack them. Jeff impales it with the pitchfork and it falls into the hole in the floor. Angry at the death of his friends, Jeff decides to go after it. Marti follows. As they walk through an underground tunnel, they discover dead bodies posed at a table with rats crawling on them. They discover Denise's corpse among the bodies. Suddenly, they see a disfigured man heading towards them and began chasing them. Jeff fights him but is knocked down and injured. He and Marti escape through a hidden exit. Seth arrives to the frat house only to find it locked and empty, so he heads to the police station. After being disgruntled with the police who think he is pulling a student prank, he steals a gun from an abandoned office and heads back to the mansion. When he arrives, he is suddenly attacked by a man, and after a long scuffle, he shoots him to death. Not realizing that there is another killer in the house, Seth he calls out for Jeff and Marti. As they tell Seth the others are dead, an arm suddenly grabs him from out of the shadows and quickly drags him away. A gunshot is heard and only the shotgun appears sliding across the floor. As Marti decides to go for the gun the other killer leaps out to grab her. Marti escapes as he chases them upstairs but kills Jeff by throwing him out a window after he helps Marti out safely. Marti makes her way through the garden labyrinth and discovers Peter is dead. As his body falls on top of her, she sees the keys and takes them from him. She makes her way to the gate, opens it and hot wires the car. Driving away, a hideous face appears from the roof. Marti screams as the glass shatters and a large hand tries to grasp her throat. As she tries to escape, Marti backs into the gate, bending it. As the car skids, Marti fights off the assailant and punches down on the accelerator as she speeds towards the gate, the killer looks in horror as the gate violently impales him. He spews blood, writhes in agony and dies. A stunned Marti shouts out and hits her head on the steering wheel sounding the horn as it fades out. In the morning, the body is still on the car. Marti awakens slowly and manages to get out of the car. It is assumed she's the only survivor. She walks toward the camera in a daze as the final credits roll."] ['{{plot}} The film opens with two sewer workers in London, Arthur ([[Ken Campbell  and George , who discover a tunnel in one of the walls that neither of them is familiar with. Arthur enters and George follows. He soon discovers Arthur, injured and in a state of shock. Moments later, a similarly injured young woman jumps out in front of them, crying for help, only to be pulled back into the darkness. The focus then shifts to a young German woman, Kate , at a party. After hearing of another party, she decides to travel there. She heads to Charing Cross tube station, but soon falls asleep on the platform while waiting for the train. When she awakens, she is alone and finds the entire station locked up for the night. Another empty train arrives and she boards it, but it stops abruptly. Confused, Kate makes her way to the drivers\'s compartment but cannot find the reason for the stoppage: unbeknownst to her, the driver has been killed. Kate soon encounters Guy , an obsessive acquaintance from the previous party. Guy, intoxicated by cocaine, crudely attempts to seduce her, but Kate is not interested and tries to leave the train. Guy then sexually assaults her, but is dragged off her and out of the train by an unseen attacker. Kate flees from the train and runs into a homeless couple, Jimmy  and Mandy , and their dog, a Jack Russell terrier called Ray. Kate explains what has happened and Jimmy reluctantly agrees to help her after she pays him. Meanwhile, Mandy is also attacked while alone. Kate and Jimmy find Guy lying on the railway track with his back mutilated. After they pull him onto the platform, Ray appears with blood smeared on his fur. Jimmy, immediately thinking of Mandy, goes with Ray back to their shelter where she is nowhere to be found. Kate attempts to contact a watchman via speakers to get help. Suspicious of her, the watchman demands Guy to be dragged in front of the security cameras to prove that she is not lying. When she does so, Guy dies and the watchman is also killed in his office by having his throat slit by the stalker. Kate runs back to a despondent Jimmy who has shot himself full of drugs. She eventually persuades him to help her find Mandy and a way out of the station. After exploring a tunnel together, another train pulls up in front of them. Jimmy enters and is killed by the stalker, who was lurking on the roof. Kate flees into the sewer system below the station, but is soon captured by the killer; a hideously deformed, mentally ill hermit named "Craig" AKA The Creep . Kate finds herself in a water-filled cage deeper underground, presumably being stored as food for Craig. She also meets George, who is still alive and also trapped. However, before Craig can harm either of them, Kate manages to escape, to temporarily incapacitate Craig, and to release George. Together, they run through several dark corridors and end up in a secret, deserted abortion clinic, where they find an unconscious Mandy strapped on an operating chair and mistakenly presume her to be dead. However, before they can investigate further, Craig appears and they are forced to flee and leave Mandy alone with him, who kills her in a twisted imitation of an abortion. George and Kate eventually find themselves in an abandoned platform and Craig soon catches up to them once again. George attacks Craig, but is impaled through the head with a serrated blade protruding out of a wall. Kate attempts to escape, but is soon cornered by Craig. She breaks down until she spots a large hook on a long chain, with which she stabs Craig\'s throat. She then hears the distant sounds of an approaching train and she throws the other end of the chain over the tunnel, in an attempt to electrocute him. Her plan fails, and although severely wounded, Craig rises and attempts to crush Kate with a barrel. Then the train passes through the tunnel and smashes into the chain, which tears out his throat. Craig finally dies, and Kate makes her way through the tunnel and finds herself back in Charing Cross Station. Tattered and filthy, she collapses on a platform and Ray appears, curling onto her lap. The film ends when a man waiting for a train puts a coin next to her, thinking she is a beggar, and she breaks into hysterical giggles and tears.'] ["In the year 1606, Sawney Bean , a ruthless psychopath, earned a notoriety as the world's most brutal serial killer, predating Jack the Ripper and Bloody Bill by several hundred years. In life, Sawney was a cannibal, who captured his victims and literally butchered them, feasting on their corpses afterwards. His practices are continued in the modern day by his in-bred descendants, who dwell in vast caves on the coast and feed on the flesh of passers-by, as a group of teenagers soon discover whilst exploring the steep cliff-face where Sawney's descendants dwell in search of flesh."] ['A group of tourists arrive on a small Greek island, only to find it almost completely deserted. It seems that the only person still alive there is a blind girl who does not know what has happened to the rest of the island\'s town, but is terrified of a man who she describes as smelling of blood. As members of the group disappear or are brutally and mercilessly murdered by a mysterious, deformed man in various locations on the island, the survivors search for clues as to what is going on. They find a diary inside an abandoned mansion, which tells of a man who was shipwrecked with his wife and child. In order to survive, the man was forced to eat his dead family. This act drove him insane and he went on to slaughter the rest of the island\'s inhabitants. The disfigured cannibalistic killer goes by the name of Nikos Karamanlis and is known as "The Anthropophagus Beast." Almost the entire group is killed until only a few remain, but one of the survivors manages to overpower him and stab him with a pick axe to the stomach, and before he dies, in one final act of insanity, he attempts to devour himself, by chewing on his own intestines. In the film\'s most notorious scene, the killer strangles a pregnant woman while pulling the fetus from her womb and then devouring it . The effect proved so convincing that the filmmakers were attacked and questioned as to whether they really extracted a human fetus from its mother\'s womb.'] ['When Scott is fired from Local Diner because he assaulted a patron , Scott decides to visit his friend Chuck at the radio station, they decide go to Chuck\'s dad\'s cottage to relax. They meet two girls that are pulled off to the side of the road, but decide not to give them a ride, believing that they have a whole week ahead of them to find other girls. That later that evening, while fishing, Scott has visions of a girl called Anna. The next day while Scott and Chuck are fishing, Scott sees an old castle on an island, Chuck explains is an abandoned laboratory. While in fact, the laboratory is not abandoned, but a home to the scientist who goes by the name of Atman. Under Atman\'s control are a group of women on rollerblades he likes to call "Rollerbabes", led by him main servant he calls "Spike".. which he sends out using radio control device to gather men to eat in order to preserve their beauty . One of the girls: Anna finds herself drawn towards Scott and tries unsuccessfully to escape the island. Scott and Chuck then decide to go rollerblading, but become split up and Chuck is knocked out by two of the rollerbabes and taken back to the castle. Scott is instead targeted by Atman himself, who attempts to attack him with a machete and misses Scott knows he is being surrounded and flees. When he manages to escape, he discovers the town\'s Sheriff dragging partially devoured human flesh from the river, causing him to realise he must rescue Chuck from the castle. When Scott arrives on the island, he meets an elf called Random, who helps him to hide from the Centurions that guard the island. While trying to enter the Castle the Rollerbabes manage to catch him and, once in the castle, Scott finds Chuck is too late to save. He then has to escape by confronting Atman himself.'] ['The film opens with a shot of a naked woman, lying dead in a field. We are then introduced to Henry , who is going about his business. Interspersed with this are shots of other murder victims. None of the actual murders are shown, but accompanying the shots of the bodies are the sounds of screaming and struggle. We are next introduced to Becky , waiting in an airport. She is met by her brother Otis , who met and befriended Henry in prison. Having split from her husband, Leroy, Becky has come to Chicago to make some money for herself and her daughter, who is living with Becky and Otis’ mother for the time being. Otis brings Becky back to the apartment he shares with Henry. Later that night, as Henry and Becky play cards, Becky asks Henry about the murder of his mother, the crime that landed him in prison. He tells her he stabbed his mother  because she abused and humiliated him as a child. Becky, for her part, reveals that her father molested her when she was a teenager. The next day, Becky gets a job in a hair salon. That evening, Henry kills two prostitutes with Otis witnessing. It becomes clear that Otis, although shocked, feels no remorse. He does, however, worry that the police might catch them. Henry assures him that everything will work out. Back at the apartment, Henry points out that if you\'ve killed once, any time you kill again, it always feels the same, and he explains his philosophy that the world they live in it is “them or us.” Henry and Otis go on a series of killings across Chicago together, killing a fence  and stealing a video camera and a top-of-the-line television in the process. The duo later on kill a random victim in Lower Wacker Drive, where Otis shoots a man who is tricked into pulling over. Henry begins to teach Otis more about being a serial killer. He explains that every murder should have a different modus operandi so the police won’t connect the different murders to one killer. He also explains that it’s important never to stay in the same place for too long; that way, by the time police know they’re looking for a serial killer, they can be long gone. Henry also tells Otis that he will have to leave Chicago soon, feeling the police will eventually be able to track him down. Henry and Otis then slaughter an entire family, recording the whole incident on their newly acquired video camera, and then watch it at their apartment for entertainment. Soon thereafter, Becky quits her job so she can return home to her daughter. Meanwhile, Otis and Henry get into an argument after their camera gets destroyed while driving. Otis gets out of the car and goes for a drink, while Henry returns to the apartment. Becky tells Henry her plans, and they decide to go out for a steak dinner. Later at home, she tries to seduce him, but he is unreceptive to her advances. A drunk Otis enters and asks if he\'s interrupting anything. Embarrassed, Henry leaves to buy cigarettes. He returns to find Otis strangling Becky after raping her. Henry kicks Otis off her and a fight ensues. Otis gets the upper hand and smashes a beer bottle onto Henry\'s face. Otis is about to kill Henry when Becky stabs Otis in the eye with the handle of a metal comb. Henry stabs Otis to death and dismembers his body in the bathtub, telling Becky that calling the police would be a mistake, and that they need to deal with the situation themselves. After packing, they dump Otis\' body parts in a river and leave town. Henry suggests that they go to his sister\'s ranch in San Bernardino, California, promising Becky they will send for her daughter when they arrive. In the car, Becky confesses that she loves Henry. "I guess I love you too," Henry replies, unemotionally. They book into a motel for the night. The next morning, Henry leaves the motel alone, gets into the car and drives away. He stops at the side of the road to dump a suitcase in a ditch before driving off again. Blood stains are shown on the suitcase, implying that Becky was killed by Henry and that her body parts were placed into the suitcase. The final shot, shows the camera zooming in, on the suitcase, which is bloodstained, and then the scene fades to black and the credits roll.'] ["The film picks up immediately where the first film had left off. On October 31, 1978, Laurie Strode  is sent to the hospital due to the injuries inflicted by Michael Myers while Dr. Loomis  attempts to track him down after he had gone missing after being shot six times and falling from a second story window. Meanwhile, Michael is still in the area and kills a girl named Alice in a nearby house as he seeks shelter to recover from his injuries; He later learns of Laurie's location from a radio broadcast and makes his way to the hospital. Laurie begins having flashbacks of being adopted by the Strodes and visiting a young boy in a mental institution; her sedation leaving her in a semi-conscious state most of the time, and her friend Jimmy Lloyd  begins to worry about her, developing romantic feelings for her despite the chagrin of the head nurse who is trying to keep her resting comfortably. Dr. Loomis and Sheriff Brackett continue to search for Michael, only to accidentally kill Ben Tramer, who was dressed like Michael and was Laurie's crush in the first movie, in the process. Michael kills the security guard, Mr. Garrett, with a claw hammer and moves on into the hospital after the business hours come to a close. He begins killing off the hospital staff by whatever means come available, strangling one of the ambulance attendants named Budd and drowning his nurse companion Karen in a scalding hot tub. He cuts off the phone lines, cutting off all communications with the outside world which rouses Laurie's suspicions when she discovers the phones aren't working. He kills the head physician Dr. Mixter and a nurse named Janet by injecting air into their eye sockets via needles, and Laurie attempts to flee before Michael can find her. Meanwhile, Loomis follows clues connecting Michael to Samhain and the occult which might explain his seeming indestructibility, but he is interrupted by a nurse from the mental institution who says she had been ordered to take him back under the enforcement of a US Marshal. En route, she tells Loomis that Laurie Strode is Michael Myers's younger sister and Loomis realizes that she is his target before forcibly ordering the trooper to turn around. Jimmy discovers the head nurse, Mrs. Alves, drained of her blood before slipping, falling, and sustaining a concussion which renders him unconscious. Meanwhile nurse Jill finds a sedated Laurie walking around and is killed when Michael stabs her in the back with a scalpel. Laurie manages to barely escape Michael by going through the boiler room and up to the parking lot outside, discovering the security guard's body along the way. She is unable to start any cars and also notices that all of the tires have been flattened. Jimmy arrives and once again falls unconscious from a massive concussion. Loomis, the nurse and trooper arrive and just barely save Laurie from being killed by Michael. The nurse goes to the police car to call for help, Michael cuts the trooper's throat, and Loomis and Laurie flee into the operating rooms. Laurie shoots out both Michael's eyes, causing him to blindly swing at them. Loomis fills the room with ether and oxygen gas using the distraction to allow Laurie to escape and he then ignites it, blowing up a good bit of the hospital in the process and evidently immolating them both in the fire. At daybreak, Laurie is loaded onto an ambulance, having visions of Michael's burning body as she is driven off to safety. In the alternate ending, she sees a familiar shape sit up on the stretcher beside her in the ambulance but it turns out to be Jimmy."] ['The Zodiac Killer  terrorizes the San Francisco Bay area in the early 1970s. He murders random people and uses cryptic symbols and coded messages to taunt the media and the San Francisco Police, leaving the people of San Francisco in fear.'] ["Two men are hunting in and forest and come across an abandoned church. They go in and explore, where one of them receives a machete to the groin by a laughing man wearing a checkered jacket, while Ty runs away screaming. Flash to park ranger, Roy McLean  at his home, followed by a van of five teens looking to go camping, but becoming lost. He warns them not to keep going the way they're going, but they ignore him and keep driving straight, and we are introduced to them: Warren  the blonde, body builder, his girlfriend Constance , the shy, blonde girl, Jonathon , the goofy, horny partygoer, his provocative girlfriend, Megan , and the nerdy camera operator, Daniel . On their way to the campsite, they almost hit a frantic, dirty Ty who tells them to drive away, but they do not listen, and he goes running off into the trees. They finally find a campsite and begin to set up, drinking beer, eating food, and listening to music, not caring about anything around them. When night falls they go to sleep, all the while being watched by something in the woods. The next morning, they eat breakfast and go to the waterfall, seeing a young girl named Merry Logan  who runs off into the woods. Meanwhile, Megan and Jonathon have gone skinnydipping in the lake, not knowing someone is under the water with them. Megan does not realize that Jonathon has gotten out of the water, and feels hands touching her, assuming it's Jonathon, until seeing him on shore, in which she begins to panic and swims to safety. When the group breaks off to go exploring, Jonathon spots Merry and begins to chase her asking what her name is and telling her he will not hurt her. She thinks this is a game and runs out into a clearing where she sees something horrible, backing up towards the trees. Jonathon figures it's the roped passageway over the river ahead, and begins to go across, but Merry runs and he gives chase, only to be hit in the hand with a machete by a deformed, giggling man in a checkered shirt. Jonathon runs to the other side, only to have the rope break, almost plunging him to his death in the rapids below. As he begins to climb up, he is greeted by the same man, who shoves him off to his death with his boot. Megan and Daniel have gone off to takes pictures of the woods and come across the church and a graveyard. Daniel breaks his glasses and sees a figure coming through the woods, and thinking it's Jonathon tells Megan, who decides to make it look like they're making out. Daniel sees the figure approach, and upon realizing it's not Jonathon, pushes Megan out of the way and is stabbed through the stomach with the machete. Megan sees the checkered shirt killer and runs into the church, where she sees him outside picking up Daniel's camera. She turns around and is greeted by the same man, and realizes that they're identical twins, just as he begins to chop her up with the machete as the other takes pictures through the window. Meanwhile, Warren and Constance have met up back at camp, but cannot find anyone else, until they spot Jonathon's body floating around in the river, and pull him out, knowing it's too late to save him. They go to find the others but cannot find any trace of them, as night approaches, so they go back to get the keys from Jonathon's body which has disappeared. Ty finally meets up with Roy and tells him all about the killer twins at the church, and Roy goes out on his horse to find the teens, and comes across Merry's family, who consist of a crazy father, and silent sister/mother. They tell him that the twins were actually theirs and that their mother died after having them, so he mated with his daughter and had Merry. Warren goes to find Jonathon's body to get the car keys, and leaves Constance at the campfire, where she is attacked by one of the twins who chases her up a tree. Warren finds Jonathon's body along with Daniel's who is wearing sunglasses and gets the keys, running back to camp with the ranger. The twin cuts down the tree Constance is in, and are about to kill her when Roy shoots him in the chest, killing him, and he tells the couple to go pack their things. They go back to camp, as Merry runs through the woods to find them. At camp, the other twin stabs Warren and tries to kill Constance, who instead rams her fist down his throat, choking and killing him. Then she stands up, and makes the same noises as them, noting that she may have gone insane, as Warren questions her and Merry watches from the trees, cut to the sunset view of the forest at the beginning."] ['In 1942, a 10 year old boy named Timmy plays with a jigsaw puzzle of a nude woman when his mother walks in. She chastises him for it. The mother orders Timmy to get a plastic bag because "I\'m gonna burn everything." Timmy gruesomely murders her with an axe instead of getting the plastic bag. The police later arrive at the house and Timmy is finishing the puzzle. The police break into the house through the front door. Timmy then hides in one of the closets. The police then enter into the bedroom, they find a bloody mess all over the room and also find the mother\'s head inside one of the closets. The police hear Timmy weeping in the another closet, so they open the door and find him covered in blood. The police question the whereabouts of the father; the nanny replies hesitantly and lying obviously that he is in Europe with the Air Force, but the nanny also says that Timmy has an aunt, who lives an hour away and also the nanny says that she will call Timmy\'s aunt and that the nanny will take Timmy there. Forty years later, in 1982, a grown up Timmy is seen, wearing black gloves, opens a drawer. He removes a box and opens it. Inside, he finds his mother\'s shoes, her dress, soaked in blood, and a photo of her, crossed out in red. The next scene cuts to a girl skateboarding through town. While this happens, a van, , stops by, and later, the 2 men, are seen carrying out, what looks like a giant mirror frame, from the back of the van. Of course, the girl on the skateboard, ends up crashing into a giant mirror frame, which shatters to pieces. Back at the killer\'s house, he removes another box, containing pieces of the puzzle of the nude woman, which he starts putting together. Then, the chainsaw-wielding psychopathic killer is on the loose on a college campus in Boston.BD Horror News: DVD Review "Pieces" by David Harley Tormented by childhood memories, the killer tries to create his own jigsaw puzzle made from real human body parts. Along with police lieutenant Bracken  and college student Kendall , Mary Riggs  poses as a tennis instructor in order to try to uncover the identity of the maniac.Motion Picture Purgatory: Pieces Many girls fall victim to the psychotic killer: the first girl is decapitated with a chainsaw while sunbathing; the second is nearly drowned in a swimming pool, only to be pulled out of the pool and sawn in pieces with a chainsaw; the third has one of her arms sawn off by the killer while in an elevator and she dies from massive loss; the fourth is stabbed to death in the chest with a knife, while on a waterbed, and stabbed through the back of her neck; the last girl to be killed becomes trapped in the girls\' locker room, who has her body sawn in half while hiding inside a bathroom stall from the killer, leaving behind her upper body. In the end, it turns out the college Dean is the killer. He tries to kill Mary but Lt. Bracken, Sgt. Holden and Kendall are able to save her by shooting him in the head. The corpse, consisting of body parts from multiple victims, falls out of the Dean\'s cabinet and terrifies Kendall. The film ends with Kendall preparing to leave when the corpse inexplicably comes back to life and rips off his testicles while Kendall screams, implying that the Dean is still alive.'] ['A spoiled teen, Madison Penrose\'s  sweet sixteen is coming up. She wants to have her birthday party at the Roller-Dome, a once popular roller-rink with a violent history to match. Madison, her father , and the party planner  walk in. Madison sees that the Dome is filled with items that had been put in storage. She and her father walk out, leaving the party planner by himself, he hears a strange noise and asks if there\'s anybody there. The scene later switches to 1999; Charlie Rotter  is the owner of a popular teen hang-out called the Roller-Dome, the home of many birthday parties. Charlie is the so-called "Lord of the Rink." As he does his usual job, an ungrateful teenage boy named Craig  is having his birthday party there. He does so much as to smack the cake out of Rotters hands, and hitting his mask off, humiliating him in front of everyone including his daughter, Skye . Later that night, Craig and his girlfriend, Karen, break into the Roller-Dome. While skating, Craig\'s girlfriend skates off into the darkness. Craig notices that she hasn\'t returned, he slowly skates to where she was seen last. The lights around the ring start to abruptly turn off as he see\'s an angry Rotter dressed up as the "Lord of the Rink" having killed his girlfriend. Panicked, Craig attempts to run away, but trips on a pool-stick, that he ironically broke himself and threw onto the rink. Rotter catches up to him, and kills Craig with the other half of the pool stick, that had looked like a jousting pole. Skye witnesses the murders and calls the police. Shortly after, the police arrive and Rotter runs off. They find him in the basement, where he says, "I gave them what they deserved." The police arrest him immediately, and upon arresting him, several officers discover that four more bodies have been dismembered and stuffed into an oil bin. News reports spread all over the place, informing everyone about the murders. Rotter apparently dies in a crash involving the police cruiser. Ten years later, Skye Rotter  is an outcast, tortured by her classmates because of what happened a decade ago. One day she grabs the attention of Madison\'s ex-boyfriend, the popular Brigg Jenner , whose friend Kevin teases Skye by calling her a "freak." Brigg laughs at Skye\'s clever comebacks, which accuse Kevin  of being gay. The two have a "moment" as Madison\'s friend Olivia  watches. Olivia warns Madison of this, while Skye\'s best friend Derek  and her try to figure out whether or not to make a big deal out of the two talking. Skye later finds out after swimming that her gym locker has been trashed by Madison, Olivia, and Chloe . Madison\'s "supposed" friend Lily  shows up and tells Skye who trashed her locker. She admits that she really does not like Madison and the reason why Madison is attacking her is because she talked to Brigg. She tells Skye that she should hook-up with Brigg to get revenge at the party, which she states will be the "party of the year." Skye, in nothing but a towel and a one-piece bathing suit, tries to leave the building. Unfortunately she runs into Madison, Olivia, and Chloe. Madison accuses her of scamming on her boyfriend, and warns her to stay away. She also tells her that she\'s a nobody, and that if she died, the yearbook wouldn\'t have wasted an inch of space on her. Madison, Olivia, and Chloe leave to go shopping. Madison\'s dad tells her that there\'s been a change of plans, and that he flew in a designer from L.A.. Excited, the girls drive off. Skye then walks home in her swimsuit and towel. Brigg drives by her, slows down, and offers her a ride home. While driving, Brigg asks Skye to hang out Saturday night. The next day, Madison hands out invitations to her Sweet Sixteen. Having invited Brigg, it interferes with his plans with Skye, who is unsure of crashing Madison\'s party regarding what her father did. Brigg goes to Skye\'s house and explains to her that he has to go because him and Madison have history, and that he\'d make it up to Skye. Skye tells him that they both know that this isn\'t going to work because he\'s popular and she\'s not. Brigg kisses Skye and lets her know that he wants to spend more time with her after Madison\'s party, and promises that they will go out. While Brigg leaves, Derek walks out on to Skye\'s porch asking if it was him. Skye then replies, "You still wanna crash that party?" Lily leaves a secret opening for Skye and Derek behind the roller rink so they can sneak in. The two sneak in without a hitch and things then seem fine at the party until the party planner, who also hits on Madison, gets killed by Charlie Rotter. Skye finds Brigg and they skate together. Derek and Lily are chatting and she asks him to go get some fruit punch to mix with her Vodka so they can party. Derek walks off to go get the punch but Kevin sees Derek, and locks him in the basement. After warning Madison of Derek and Skye\'s appearance, Kevin takes Rotter\'s "Lord of the Rink" costume, and decides to play a trick on Skye by standing up in the mezzanine of the Roller-Dome. Skye spots Kevin, thinking that it\'s actually her father, Kevin laughs and mocks her as a stunned Skye runs downstairs out of the mez. Kevin is then choked, and bludgeoned to death by Rotter, who then finds his mask on the floor, and puts it on. Derek, still locked in the basement, is let out by Lily, who is drunk and ends up making out with him. Chloe has a plan of hiding in the bathroom stall with a fire extinguisher, and waiting for Skye to walk in so she can assault her with it. Olivia proceeds to dump one of her drinks on Skye\'s lap, so that she will have to wash up in the bathroom. Brigg, trying to find Skye, ends up in the VIP room, and Madison ambushes him, throwing herself at him and kissing him, Skye walks in on this, and leaves the room upset. Brigg then tells Madison that he doesn\'t want her and leaves. Meanwhile, Chloe is waiting for Skye, and hears what she thinks is Skye walking in. She comes out, extinquishing Skye. Instead it turns out to be Rotter, who beats Chloe to death with the fire extinguisher. Lily decides to key Madison\'s car for a birthday present. While she is keying the words "Happy Sweet 16" into the hood, the car revs up and starts chasing after her. She is rammed into a brick wall but escapes. Lily runs up to a stairwell, and tries to escape to the street ahead, by trying to climb over a gate. Rotter catches up to her, and kills Lily by slitting her throat with a sword. Skye runs off to her dad\'s old office and calls Derek letting him know she wants to leave. Brigg then finds her and tries to explain what happened, while Skye tells him "This is the freak show and you\'re a part of it." She leaves. While Madison\'s birthday cake is being brought out, Olivia goes to the bathroom to find Chloe, thinking that she\'s hooking up somewhere, she uses one of the bathroom stalls. She looks down and discovers blood on the floor. She looks through the bottom and finds Chloe dead. She tries to warn everyone else, but Rotter decapitates her, and her lifeless body skates and knocks over Madison\'s birthday cake. Frightened, everyone leaves, except Madison and Skye. Madison accuses Skye of ruining her party as they\'re being chased by Rotter. While running they find the party planner gutted. Brigg runs back in for Skye, and they run up to the mezzanine, trapped. Derek flashes the spotlight in Rotter\'s face, temporarily distracting him while Skye and Madison escape. As the girls reach the dance floor below, Brigg is thrown from the mezzanine above. As Skye, Derek, and Madison are running out, Rotter grabs Madison and slams her head into a party table, knocking her out. Rotter catches up to Skye and Derek at the door and strangles Derek. Skye begs her father to spare him, and Rotter does so by throwing him out the door, locking the two inside. Madison wakes up, in the basement with Skye, their hands both tied to a table. Skye tells Madison that she is a "bully". Rotter unties Skye and tells her to kill Madison. Instead, Skye stabs Rotter in his leg, and tries to untie Madison. Madison insults her while they\'re trying to get out. Once untied, Madison selfishly knocks over Skye in order to get to the door, but she trips over Rotter. Learning Madison\'s evil heart, Skye locks Madison in the cage with Rotter, and tells her, "Have a super birthday, Madison", and leaves. As Rotter is getting up, Madison insults Skye as she is going up the steps. Madison\'s throat is slit by Rotter and is placed in the a chair with a party hat on her head. Skye leaves the building, and as police show up and Derek excited to see Skye okay, leaves town with Madison\'s brand new car. A few days later, Brigg has a bad dream that he wakes up in the hospital, injured. Skye tells him he\'s been out for days, and that she came back for him. Then she stabs him to death while crying to her father. It turns out to be a dream as he wakes up frantic in the hospital, wanting to see Skye, the nurse tells him that no one has seen her. Saddened, he turns over on his side, only to see a picture that Skye drew on the stand next to him, revealing that she was in the room while he was unconscious.'] ["Set in the 1980s, the movie is a tongue-in-cheek homage to classic 80's horror films such as Night of the Demons, the Friday the 13th and Halloween films and Sleepaway Camp. A group of teens has decided to meet in a haunted house to hold a seance. The characters are stereotype spoofs of other 80's film characters: the cool hero guy , the naive girlfriend , the goth girl , the tough guy , the ditzy blonde girl , the shy geek in love with the blonde , two big nerds , and a pair of lipstick lesbians . Expected before it even begins, and just as in 80's horror style, strange things begin to occur... outrageously corny deaths, gratuitous nudity, obvious pitfalls and traps, inane dialogue, and the teens themselves being one-by-one stabbed and sliced... with the cool hero working to save the day before every stupid teenager is dead."] ["Parolee Ben Jordan has spent the past fifteen years behind bars for his pregnant wife's murder. He is monitored by his parole officer Lee Samuels and social worker Laura Mathews after he is released. Mathews begins looking into his case and becomes convinced that he was convicted under circumstantial evidence and starts becoming convinced of his innocence in the crime. Before long she starts falling for him, but this is far from wise, since even if he is innocent, Mrs Jordan's real murderer may soon come a calling."] ['A college male receives a note under his dorm door that say "do you wanna know a secret?" He assumes it is from his girlfriend Beth . He goes into the hallway to find her and is killed by someone in a mask. One year later Beth and her friends, including her new boyfriend Hank , go on vacation in Florida. The group includes Oz , Tina , Nellie  and Brad . The first night Brad tries to hit on Beth, but she explains that they are just friends. Brad is attacked on a sailboat while the others are in the house. His bloody shirt is found in the water, though his body is missing. The group sees a message on his computer: do you wanna know a secret? One night while drinking, Tina kisses Hank. Beth refuses to talk to him until the next night when he saves her from getting roofied  at a club. Beth goes outside the club for air, where she witnesses the boy who tried to drug her being murdered by someone in a mask. When the cops arrive, they find "do you wanna know a secret?" is carved in the boy\'s back. An FBI agent  tells the kids not to leave the house, as they are all suspects for both murders. The next day while Hank and Beth are showering, Oz is attacked in the kitchen. Outside at the pool, Nellie realizes that Tina\'s throat has been slit. Before she can call for help she is attacked from behind and falls into the pool. Oz regains consciousness, and sees the same message written on the wall in blood. He runs outside to find both Tina and Nellie dead. When the cops arrive, Oz is arrested for the murders. The cop who arrested Oz is in the bathroom at the precinct when he sees the message on the wall. He is then murdered by the masked figure. Oz is released. Beth is waiting outside the police station when she sees a truck drive by. The driver is wearing the mask she remembers from the murder at the club. Hank is nowhere to be found so she follows the truck out to the glades and waits for Oz to meet up with her. Oz and Beth search for the killer in the dark woods. They are separated and Oz is knocked out from behind. He wakes up in the basement of a church and hears Beth\'s scream. Upstairs in the church Beth is tied up in a wedding dress and blindfolded. The man removes Beth\'s blindfold and his mask, revealing himself as Brad. Beth sees that the dead bodies of Tina, Nellie, and the pastor are set up in the pews, as if watching. Brad starts cutting Beth\'s dress open with a knife, when Oz shows up. Brad and Oz fight but Brad wins and ties Oz up again. Beth asks Brad why he killed everyone. He explains that the secret is he loves Beth so much he would do anything, including staging his own death and killing all the others. He then holds up Hank\'s severed head. Beth secretly unties her hands and attacks Brad. He knocks her to the ground but Oz gets untied and attacks Brad. As Brad is about to kill Oz, Beth stabs him through his entire body. As Oz and Beth exit the church, Brad jumps up again and is shot by the FBI Agent. The Agent reveals that the dead pastor was also Brad\'s father.'] ['In a flashback sequence following the first film, Lawrence Gordon  crawls from the bathroom to find help after sawing off his foot. Along the way, he reaches a steam pipe and uses it to cauterize his ankle stump. In the present, Ryan  and Brad  awaken in a storefront window in a shopping area in front of a crowd of people, their wrists bound to a worktable. In front of each man is a buzz saw, and their mutual lover, Dina  is suspended above a third saw. Jigsaw\'s puppet tells them that they can either kill each other or allow Dina to die, and after realizing her betrayal, they decide to save themselves and allow her to lower onto the saw, killing her. After witnessing Mark Hoffman\'s  survival from the end of the sixth film, Jill Tuck  goes to Matt Gibson , an internal affairs detective at Hoffman\'s precinct, and offers to incriminate Hoffman in exchange for immunity and protection. Meanwhile, Hoffman abducts four racist skinheads and places them in the Horsepower Trap that kills all of them. After a gathering of past Jigsaw survivors, including Lawrence Gordon  and several others from previous films, takes place, Hoffman abducts the host, Bobby Dagen , a self-help guru who achieved fame and fortune by falsely claiming to have survived a Jigsaw trap. Hoffman sends videos to Gibson throughout the film, offering cryptic clues to his location and promising to stop the games if Jill is given to him. Bobby awakens in an abandoned insane asylum and is informed that his wife Joyce  has also been abducted and will die if he does not save her within an hour. After escaping a cage hanging over a floor of spikes, Bobby makes his way through the asylum to find his wife. Along the way, he finds Nina , his publicist; Suzanne , his lawyer; and Cale , his closest friend. All three are in separate traps, representing "Speak No Evil", "See No Evil", and "Hear No Evil" respectively, and all three are killed despite his efforts to save them. Gibson eventually discovers the location of the asylum and sends a SWAT team, who are all killed by toxic gas after being sealed elsewhere in the asylum. Gibson locates Hoffman\'s command center, where he discovers that Hoffman has hacked the police security system, and is killed by an automatic turret gun along with his men. Hoffman, who had been posing as one of the junkyard corpses, infiltrates police headquarters and kills everyone in his path leading to Jill. After a brief struggle, he finally knocks out Jill and restrains her to a chair then secures the original Reverse Bear-trap to her head, which kills her in a gruesome fashion. After removing his upper wisdom teeth to retrieve a combination to a locked door, Bobby reaches Joyce and is forced to drive two hooks through his pectoral muscles, the trap he claimed to survive, and hoist himself up by the chains to deactivate her trap. He fails when the hooks rip through his muscles, and a brazen bull capsule closes around Joyce and incinerates her. Moments after Hoffman destroys his workshop, he is attacked and captured by three Pighead-masked figures, led by Lawrence Gordon. Flashbacks reveal that John Kramer  found Lawrence by the steam pipe and nursed him to health, and Lawrence had helped John in secret ever since. Tasked to watch over Jill after John\'s death and to take action if anything happened to her, Lawrence brings Hoffman to the bathroom from the first film and shackles him by the ankle. He throws away the hacksaw he had sawed his own foot off with, and then seals the door to the bathroom, leaving Hoffman to die.'] ['Norman Bates is again released from the mental hospital he was placed in at the end of Psycho III after serving another few years and is apparently rehabiliated for the second time. Norman is now married to a young nurse named Connie and is expecting a child. However, Norman fears that the child will inherit his mental illness, so he must seek closure once and for all. Meanwhile, radio talk show host Fran Ambrose is discussing the topic of matricide with guest Dr. Richmond, Norman\'s former psychologist. The radio station receives a call from Norman, who uses the alias "Ed" to tell his story. Norman\'s narrative is seen as a series of flashbacks set in the 1940s and 1950s, some slightly out of order. When Norman is six years old, his father dies, leaving him in the care of his mother, Norma. Over the years, Norma  dominates her son, teaching him that sex is sinful and dressing him in girl\'s clothes as punishment for getting an erection in her presence. The two live isolated at the large house as if there is no one else in the world, until in 1949 she becomes engaged to a brutish man named Chet Rudolph, who helps build and finance their family motel. Driven over the edge with jealousy and betrayal, Norman kills both of them by serving them poisoned iced tea, then steals and preserves his mother\'s corpse. He develops a split personality in which he "becomes" his mother to suppress the guilt of murdering her; when this personality takes over, he dresses in her clothes, puts on a wig, and talks to himself in her voice. As "Mother", he murders two local women who try to seduce him during their stay at his newly opened motel. Dr. Richmond realizes "Ed" is Norman and tries to convince Ambrose to trace the calls. Richmond\'s worries are dismissed. Norman fears he will go insane and kill again. He tells Fran that Connie got pregnant against his wishes and that he does not want to create another "monster". He then tells Fran he realizes that his mother is dead, but that she may kill Connie "with my own hands, just like the first time." Norman takes his wife to his mother\'s house and does attempt to kill her. But after Connie reassures Norman that their child will not be a monster, he drops his knife and Connie forgives him. He then burns the house where all his unhappiness began. As he tries to escape the flames, he hallucinates that he sees his victims, his mother and eventually himself preserving her corpse. Bates barely gets out of the burning house alive. He and Connie leave the next day, with Norman proclaiming himself finally free of his mother. The doors of the house cellar close on the rocking chair that continues to rock, while "Mother" cries to be freed. The screen fades to black and the sound of a baby crying is heard, indicating the birth of Norman\'s child.'] ['Three friends -– Arlene , Shanna , and radio DJ “Jungle” Julia Lucai  -– drive down Congress Avenue in Austin, Texas, on their way to celebrate Jungle Julia\'s birthday. While bar-crawling, Julia reveals that she made a radio announcement earlier that morning, offering a free lap dance from Arlene in return for addressing her as "Butterfly," buying her a drink, and reciting a segment of the poem “Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening.” They are unaware they are being stalked by an aging and sadistic Hollywood stunt double, “Stuntman” Mike . After trailing them to a bar, Mike follows the instructions from the radio announcement to get the lap-dance. Despite some initial trepidation, due to having seen Mike\'s car earlier in the day, and asking if he has been following them, Mike puts her at ease , and Arlene agrees to the dance. The three women prepare to depart, while Pam , another intoxicated female bar patron, has been impressed by Mike and accepts a ride home from him, considering him to be a teetotaler and a safe ride. Mike takes Pam to his matte black 1971 Chevy Nova SS 396, which is a stunt car rigged with a safety cage inside. As Mike drives Pam off, it becomes clear he is trying to kill her, reminding her that his car is "death proof", but only to the driver. Since the passenger side has no safety restraints at all, he kills her by driving recklessly and then slamming on the brakes, which smashes her skull into the dashboard. Mike speeds off, leaving behind photos he took earlier of the three other women, so as not to get caught with any evidence. He eventually comes on their red 1997 Honda Civic Hatchback on an empty road, and drives at full speed directly into it. The force of the impact kills all four women, and also covers up the real reason of Pam\'s death.  The local hospital finds Mike with only minor injuries , and asserts that since Mike was sober while the four women were intoxicated, he cannot be charged. This concerns Texas Ranger Earl McGraw , who is convinced Mike is guilty but cannot investigate without evidence. McGraw warns Mike that should this happen again, he\'d better "make damn sure" it was not in Texas. Fourteen months later, three young women, Abernathy Ross , Kim Mathis , and Lee Montgomery , are traveling through Lebanon, Tennessee. They stop briefly at a convenience store, where Mike is resting in his new ride, a 1969 Dodge Charger R/T, and is intrigued by the women. The women, unaware of Mike, pick up their friend, stuntwoman Zoë Bell , from the airport. Zoe informs them she wants to test-drive a white 1970 Dodge Challenger R/T, exactly the same type of car from the 1971 film, Vanishing Point, which just happens to be nearby. After they get to the car\'s location, Abernathy tries to convince the owner, Jasper, to let them "test drive" it alone. He refuses at first, but after Abernathy tells him Lee will stay behind , he agrees. In the process of all this, Zoe reveals to Abernathy and Kim that she has an ulterior motive in taking the car; she wants to play a game called "Ship\'s Mast", where she rides on the car\'s hood using only leather belts to hold onto, while Kim drives it at high speeds. The three enjoy the stunt, until Mike shows up and rear ends their car at high speed. The two cars engage in a harrowing high-speed chase for a distance before they both spin out on opposite sides of the roads, and Zoe is finally thrown from the car\'s hood. Mike gets out to brag to the girls but Kim fires a gun, wounding him in the shoulder. As Mike gets back in the car and flees, Zoe shows that she is okay, and the three women agree to get revenge on Mike. Wounded, Mike is not able to outrun the women, and eventually his car is T-boned by the women in their car. The women pull him from the car and beat him savagely in the head until he falls unconscious. After a short credits sequence, Abernathy delivers a final axe kick to Mike\'s head.'] ["As a little girl, Beth  brother, Bobby  kills her whole family and attempts to kill her. When he is caught, he is committed, and she grows up with a new family. Years later, Beth goes to college, where she joins a sorority. Due to a memory block, she doesn't remember that the sorority house was her childhood house, however her memory soon starts to return. Meanwhile, Bobby senses her presence in the house and escapes the mental asylum so he can finish the job he was unable to complete. As Beth settles into the sorority, many of the girls leave for the weekend, leaving only her, Linda , Sara  and Tracy  in the house. As the girls enjoy having the house to themselves, Craig , Andy  and John  come over. John tells the story of Beth's family murders, scaring her. She goes to bed and has a nightmare about her brother, becoming more scared. She remembers her brother hiding a knife in the fireplace, and when the group investigate, they find the knife. Realizing the time, Andy leaves in a rush, only to be confronted by Bobby and stabbed to death. Linda hypnotizes Beth, who recalls Bobby attacking her. Afterwards, Tracy and Craig go outside to the tipi they set up earlier, while Linda and Sara go to bed. Bobby attacks Tracy and Craig, shredding the tipi with his knife. As they try to escape, Tracy is stabbed to death. Craig runs into the house and alerts Linda and Sara who try to phone the police but find the lines have been cut. They attempt to warn Beth and John, but both have fallen asleep. As Bobby approaches them, Beth wakes and runs upstairs to the others, but John is murdered. The survivors barricade themselves inside a room, before Craig escapes out the window down a safety ladder. While he holds it steady for Linda to climb down, Bobby stabs Craig to death before climbing up the ladder for Linda. Linda manages to make it back through the window and the others remove the ladder, making Bobby fall. Thinking he is dead, the girls try to escape the house but upon discovering he is still alive barricade themselves back into the room. However, Bobby comes in through the window and they flee outside. They once more encounter Bobby, who manages to repeatedly stab Sara. Meanwhile, Bobby's search party realize he will of gone to his old house and send the police there. Beth and Linda run down into the basement where Beth finally realizes what happened to her when she was younger. When Bobby once more attacks them, the girls run upstairs. Bobby corners Beth but Linda manages to hit him with a shovel. Thinking he is dead, they begin to leave the house, but Bobby stabs Linda before attacking Beth who over powers him and stabs him in the neck. The police arrive Beth is taken to hospital where she continues to have nightmares about her brother."] ['Leon is a photographer who heads into the city\'s subway system at night to take photographs. He begins to investigate newsreels about midnight disappearances, which leads him to a butcher named Mahogany, whom he suspects has been killing subway passengers for over 100 years. He goes to the subway at midnight, where he witnesses the butcher killing passengers and hanging them on meat hooks. He passes out after being attacked by the butcher, who then strings him up as well. He awakens the next morning in an abandoned subway platform with strange markings carved into his chest. Maya, Leon\'s girlfriend, and her friend Jurgis, examine the photos Leon has been taking of Mahogany, leading them to the killer\'s apartment. Jurgis is kidnapped and Maya goes to the police, but they will not listen to her. A police official, who seems to be involved with the conspiracy, directs Maya to a trip on the midnight train. Leon decides to put an end to the butcher\'s crimes and heads to the meat packing plant Mahogany works in. Leon attacks Mahogany and they enter an underground cavern filled with decomposing bodies. The true purpose of the underground station is revealed: reptile-people enter the car and consume the bodies of the butcher\'s victims. As they exit the train, Leon and Maya discover they are in a station littered with the bones of hundreds of victims. Leon engages in a final battle with Mahogany, ending with Leon driving a sharpened bone through his throat and impaling his skull with a butcher knife. The train engineer explains to Leon that the reptile-people have always existed and the butcher\'s job is to feed them every night to keep "the worlds separate". The engineer then rips out Leon\'s tongue and eats it; he forces Leon to watch as he kills Maya on an altar of corpses and rips out her still-beating heart. When he is done, he tells Leon that he will become the new meat train butcher, replacing Mahogany. In the final scene, the police official that was involved hands the train schedule to the new butcher. The killer walks onto the midnight train and turns to reveal that he is the now-mute Leon.'] ['A year after a mean-spirited prom prank turned deadly, the most popular students of Sunnydale High are summoned back for a surprise reunion, only to find themselves at the mercy of a relentless killer.Rapid Heart Productions'] ["A once successful American singer, Nick Cooper , relocates to a country manor in England, leaving L.A. and a failed marriage behind him, to begin work on his career comeback. But instead, he finds himself embroiled in a mystery involving the murder of his ex-wife. His nights are haunted by strange noises. His ex-wife's ghost appears and tries to provide clues to her death. Is he going crazy or is something horrifyingly real going on? Harsh reality sets in as the mystery killer begins to emerge from the shadows."] ["In 1974, a woman is making a wax head in the kitchen while her son eats cereal in his highchair. Her husband enters carrying a young boy who is shouting and kicking. The boy is forced into a highchair and strapped in place by his father. After being strapped and taped to his chair by his mother, he scratches her hand. She then smacks her child across the face. In 2005, Carly  and her boyfriend Wade  with her friend Paige  and Paige's boyfriend Blake  are on their way to a highly anticipated football game in Louisiana. Eventually, Carly's delinquent twin brother, Nick  and his friend Dalton  also join them. Night falls and the group decides to set up camp for the evening. The campsite is later visited by a stranger in a pickup truck who shines his lights at the campsite, but refuses to leave or address them until Nick smashes a headlight with a bottle. The next morning, Carly and Paige go exploring, Carly falls down a cliff and lands in deer remains and sees a fake hand. Wade's car's fan belt is found to be damaged. The group meets a disheveled, rural man named Lester , who offers to drive Carly and Wade to the nearby town of Ambrose to get a new fan belt, while the rest of them go to the football game. The two arrive at Ambrose, which is virtually a ghost town. Unable to find an attendant at the auto mechanics shop, they wander into the church, disrupting a funeral. There, they meet a mechanic named Bo , who offers to sell them a fan belt after the funeral. While waiting for the services to end, Carly and Wade visit the wax museum, which itself is made of wax and is the central feature of the town. Afterward, they follow Bo to his house to find a fan belt. While there, Wade is crippled and stabbed by a long-haired man with a wax facemask named Vincent. Bo grabs Carly, super glues her lips shut and locks her in a cellar. Dalton and Nick arrive in Ambrose to look for Carly and Wade. Vincent meanwhile strips and shaves Wade, then puts him in a chair with a metal contraption on his head which pins his eyes open. Vincent pulls a couple of levers which showers the immobile Wade with hot wax. While Nick questions Bo if he has seen his sister, Carly tries signaling for help by sticking her finger out of a vent, trying to get her brother's attention. Bo notices her finger sticking out, and snips the tip off with a pair of dikes. Carly falls screaming in pain and later pries her lips open in order to scream for help. Nick, hearing her screams, knocks Bo out after he attacks him. Nick locks Bo out of the station and finds his sister, and the two escape. Dalton finds Wade who is alive but he is unable to move or talk because he is immobilized by the layer of wax covering his body. Dalton peels off the wax but realizes he is peeling Wade's skin off. Vincent finds Dalton and accidentally slashes Wade's face with a knife; Wade immediately dies from shock. Vincent later chases and decapitates Dalton, killing him too. Meanwhile, Nick and Carly realize that the wax figures are actually real people – Bo and Vincent have been trapping people in wax in order for the figures to look more realistic. Bo finds Carly and Nick at the theatre, but they escape after Nick shoots Bo with a crossbow. Vincent goes to their camp site, kills Blake, and chases Paige to an abandoned sugar mill. After being stabbed in the foot, Paige hides in a car but Vincent finds her, and impales her in the head with a spear. As Vincent brings Blake and Paige's bodies Carly and Nick overhear Bo and Vincent talking and discovers that they were conjoined twins. Their father, a doctor, performed a controversial procedure to separate the brothers. The surgery left half of Vincent's face badly deformed, forcing him to wear a wax mask for the rest of his life. Nick and Carly find the basement where they find Dalton's body covered in wax. Nick tries to remove the contraption but ends up twisting his head. Bo and Vincent find and chase Carly and Nick to the House of Wax. Nick and Carly unintentionally set the House of Wax on fire, causing the entire structure to melt. Nick and Carly encounter Bo and Nick starts fighting with him. Just as Bo is about to finish Nick off, Carly beats Bo to death with a baseball bat, which Vincent sees and becomes sad and furious. Vincent chases Carly into an upstairs bedroom; Nick follows after them, but gets stuck in the melting stairs. Inside the bedroom, Carly tries to block the wax door with a baby crib, but Vincent slashes through. Carly tries to tell Vincent that Bo lied to him about how his  work on the wax figures would have made their mother proud, but Vincent ignores and tries to kill her. Nick, after getting unstuck, finally reaches the bedroom and attacks Vincent. Carly then stabs Vincent in the abdomen, killing him. As the House of Wax continues to melt from the fire, the room in which all three are in collapses, causing Vincent to land on Bo's corpse  and both get submerged in the melted wax. Nick and Carly escape the fiery House of Wax and breathlessly watch as it melts to the ground. The ambulance and police arrive at daybreak, reporting that Ambrose has been abandoned for ten years when the local sugar mill failed. The policeman ([[Andy Anderson  reveals that there was a third son of Mr. and Mrs. Sinclair who happens to be Lester. Nick and Carly are then taken to hospital. As the ambulance leaves, Carly sees Lester looking and smiling at her while sitting on his truck with Vincent's dog, Sandwich. Carly remembers Lester telling her and her friends to go the Ambrose in the first place. Carly may or may not realize that Lester is one of the killers."] ['Three sisters, Brielle, Kelli and Sam are on college break. They discover that their grandfather has just died and he has left them a motel in his will. Their father, John tries to persuade them not to go, but the sisters ignore him and head off, accompanied by friends: Tanya, Ben, Bill, and Bill\'s girlfriend, Amy. Sam is the first to arrive, and while drinking wine in Room 6, two inbreds forcefully enter and attack Sam, where with a collection of duct tape, and iron bar, and an axe, they bind Sam\'s legs with the tape, place the iron bar beside her ankles, and use the axe head to force the bar through both her ankles. Afterwards, the three are in a boat, where the inbreds tie a badly beaten Sam\'s legs to a concrete block, and dump her into the water, where she is still alive as the concrete block pulls her beneath the water, where she drowns. The rest drive to the motel and meet the caretaker, an old lady who appears kind. After finding a lake on their property, the group of friends take a swim, not noticing that Sam\'s dead body is floating in the lake beneath them. After the swim, the friends return to their trailer, where they set up a small campsite. Bill and Tanya go out to the woods to get some firewood, and end up having sex . After encounters with large, strange-looking, unkempt men, the friends are terrified. Bill, Tanya, and Amy are butchered, while the remaining friends escape but are picked up by a mysterious, pushy cop. He tricks them into coming back to the motel where everything slowly falls into place. It is later revealed that the cop and caretaker are all a part of the evil scheme to make Brielle and Kelli a part of their devious plans. The cop and caretaker are in fact son and mother, respectively, and their family has been perpetuated by incest for generations . It becomes apparent that the girls\' father had rejected the family "tradition" and escaped; however, their grandmother found out about this and concocted the scheme to lure them to the motel so that her son could forcibly impregnate them and continue the family line. The sisters manage to overcome joining their family\'s footsteps. Ben seemingly manages to kill both of the inbred men and attempts to rescue the girls from the barn where the cop has taken Brielle to rape her . When they arrive at the barn Ben is shot unexpectedly by the cop, but the girls\' worried father, John, shows up at the last minute and kills his brother, stating "That\'s how you fuck family", and ending the gruesome tradition. John takes his daughters and the still alive Ben to a hospital. In the end, four teenagers are shown going into the motel to check to see if it is abandoned. One of the teenagers has strange feelings about going into the motel. It turns out that one of the inbreds has survived, and he stares at the girls from behind a tree then screams.'] ["Caleb Kilgore  is a farmer who has been obsessed with a scarecrow that killed his father years ago. Two friends looking to join a fraternity are given the initiation task of stealing the scarecrow from Caleb's field. After his father's murder, Caleb had caught the scarecrow and tied it down so that it could never escape. When Caleb sees the friends, including a guy named Dave , moving the scarecrow, Caleb shoots the scarecrow, not knowing that Dave is beneath the scarecrow. Dave dies, and his soul is transferred into that of the scarecrow...and then the scarecrow kills Caleb. Dave, in the form of the scarecrow, decides that he wants his old girlfriend Mary back. But Mary is dating a college student, so the scarecrow kills the student. Mary decides to get help from some friends who are in an ROTC unit in a military academy. The ROTC guys have access to an arsenal of weapons, but that doesn't stop the scarecrow, and he kills them all. The scarecrow is willing to kill anyone who gets in the way of turning Mary into a scarecrow too so that they can be together forever. Finally, a friend of Dave's from the academy named Karl ([[David Castro  inadvertently becomes a scarecrow, and fight the Dave scarecrow. The Dave scarecrow wins the fight, but then Mary blows him to pieces with a rocket-launcher."] ["The film is set during the summer between high school graduation and college. The film begins with a couple Frank  and Mary Sylvester  cooking food over a campfire while being watched by a mysterious figure in the shadows . While Mary is taking a walk in the woods, she hears her husband scream and returns to the campsite to find her husband's decapitated corpse. She is then herself killed by the killer wielding her husband's axe. Several months later, six friends are hiking in the same remote forest high in the Colorado Rockies to enjoy the nature and to spend some time alone with their boyfriends/girlfriends. As they progress deeper into the wilderness it's clear that the killer from the beginning of the film is stalking them. During their first night in the woods, Gail  hears a noise and sends her boyfriend to check out the disturbance. While isolated they are both murdered by the killer. The next day, their friends find the couple's gear missing and assume that they have turned back and gone home. The boys decide to head for the infamous Suicide Peak to do some rock climbing while the girls suntan. Meanwhile, the forest rangers Lester Tile  and Joel  get a phone call about the missing Sylvester couple and Joel heads for the forest to investigate. Before leaving Lester tells his partner a story about a boy he once saw during a forest fire years ago. The gypsy boy was covered in burns, horribly disfigured and left for dead. While exploring, Joel discovers Gail's decomposing body and sets to find the killer. The killer attacks Skip  and Greg  while the teenagers are rock climbing, killing them both. Hearing the noise, Nancy  and Bobbie  put on their clothes to investigate but are confronted by the killer. The killer is revealed to be the gypsy boy from Lester's story, who has survived in the wilderness but has razor sharp claws and is horribly deformed. They run but Bobbie stumbles into one of the killer's traps as is killed instantly. Cornered by the killer, Nancy faces it alone until Joel appears, shooting it with his tranquilizer gun. He starts comforting Nancy, but the killer awakens and kills him. In the final minutes of the film, we see the seasons change as many months go by and the final shot is of a cave, where we hear the crying of a newborn baby."] ['{{Quote}} Christopher, a lonely and plain man, finds an invitation to a Halloween costume party entitled "Murder Party", on the street. Constructing a knight costume out of cardboard, he makes his way to Brooklyn to attend the party, only to discover it is actually a trap set by a group of deranged art students. The art students are costumed as a goth/vampire, a werewolf, a zombie cheerleader, Daryl Hannah\'s replicant character from Blade Runner, and a Baseball Fury from The Warriors. They intend to commit a murder as a piece of artwork to impress their wealthy and sinister patron. Chris brought along a loaf of pumpkin raisin bread, which one of the students starts to eat. She then reveals that she is allergic to non-organic raisins, and didn\'t know about them. The group asks if she\'ll be OK, and she agrees explaining she\'s only a little dizzy and needs to sit down, however she falls over and hits her head on an axe and dies. The group hides the body, as they don\'t want their patron to see it when he arrives. The patron comes and has arrived late to the Murder Party and is searching for students to award grant money to. Drugs and alcohol fuel the group as the situation spirals out of their control and Christopher tries to make it home from the Murder Party alive.'] ['After a group of jewel thieves pull off a daring robbery, their getaway car runs out of fuel in the middle of the countryside. They wander into a backwoods farm, hoping to hide out for the time being. However, when the farmer returns home only to find the thieves taking over the house, he hatches a deadly plan. One confrontation leads to another between the gang and the farmer, in a plot which combines action, comedy, and horror. Who will survive a weekend on the Demented Death Farm? The city-slick jewel thieves or the country-smart farmers? The answer is sure to shock you!'] ['Joe Niemand , a Sangoma near Spitzkoppe in Namibia, begins a tale that states "back in the first times, in the time of the red light, Desert Wind was a man like us. Until by mischance, he grew wings and flew like a bird. He became a hunter, and like a hawk, he flew to seek his prey. Taking refuge in those far corners of the world where magic still lingers. But having once been a man, so does he still suffer the passions of a man, flying in the rages sometimes, and throwing himself down like a child, to vent his wrath upon the earth. The people of the great Namib have another name for those violent winds that blow from nowhere. They call them Dust Devil\'s" A middle-aged man  walks on a road in the desert, and pulls over a car with a woman named Saarke  driving in it, who takes him back to her house. while the two are making love, the man snaps Saarke\'s neck, killing her. Meanwhile in the town of Bethanie, Sgt. Ben Mukurob  receives a phone call with strange voices speaking, as does Wendy Robinson ([[Chelsea Field  in Johannesburg, South Africa. In the morning, the man burns down Saarke\'s house, inside which he has drawn many strange symbols and pictographs. he then gets into Saarke\'s car and drives away. In Johannesburg, Wendy\'s husband Mark  accuses her of cheating on him, causing her to leave him and drive to Namibia. Meanwhile, Mukurob receives a call about Saarke\'s house and drives to investigate with his superior, Capt. Beyman . Mukurob visits Dr. Leidzinger , who tells him that the incident may be a part of a strange witchcraft ritual. Wendy runs her car off the road and finds an abandoned camper  with a strange man, who she asks to help her push her car out of the sand. She then sees Dust Devil on the side of the road, and stops for him. Cpl. Dutoit  and Cpl. Bates  find the abandoned camper with dismembered body parts inside. Mukurob drives to Joe\'s home, the former bethanie cinema, and asks him about the symbols that were in the house. He responds that it was the work of magic, to which Mukurob scoffs. Wendy and Dust Devil continue driving and pass another hitch-hiker, but Dust Devil tells Wendy not to stop. As they pass the hitch-hiker, Dust Devil disappears from the car. Beyman tells Mukurob that he has to take him of the case and hand it over to the U.N., but says that he can give any information to him. Wendy stops at a small motel for the night and tries to cut her wrists, as Dust Devil waits with a razor outside the bathroom door, but wendy does not commit suicide. She goes to her car the next morning and finds Dust Devil inside, who tells her that she was asleep the day before. Meanwhile, Beyman gives Mukurob a pile of documented murders similar to the one he is following. Wendy and Dust Devil reach the Fish River canyon as Wendy\'s husband Mark, arrives in Namibia. Mukurob has another of his recurring nightmares and is visited by Joe, who tells him to go with him. Mark arrives in Bethanie and asks about Wendy, but is beaten up by some of the people at the bar. Joe takes Mukurob to a small mountain cave and tells him that the murders are the work of the "naghtloeper", a shape-shifting demon who seeks power over the material world through the ritual of murder. He draws the weak and the faithless to him, and sucks them dry. Joe explains that the naghtloeper must keep moving to work the ritual, but if he is tricked to step over a kerrie stick, he will be bound to one spot and his power can be taken. Joe then gives Mukurob a Kerrie and a sacred root to burn to prevent the naghtloeper from possessing him after it is killed. Wendy discovers human fingers among Dust Devils belongings and he tries to kill her, but Wendy knocks him out and escapes. Dust Devil then chases her and causes her car to crash, forcing wendy to run across the desert. Meanwhile, Mukurob releases mark from prison and together they search for wendy. As they try to drive through a dust storm, Dust Devil attacks them, causing the car to flip over. Mukurob handcuffs Mark to the car and heads into the storm, telling him that he has a chance since the naghtloeper only takes those who have nothing to live for. Wendy reaches the abbandoned town of Kolmanskop where Mukurob finds her and searches for Dust Devil. He runs into Dust Devil, who stabs him. Wendy then finds Dust Devil and tries to shoot him but the gun jams. As Dust Devil walks toward her, Mukurob takes the kerrie and puts it in front of Dust Devil as he steps forward. Wendy picks up Mukurob\'s shotgun and kills Dust Devil as he says "i love you, Wendy". Wendy then walks into the desert past Mark and the car, lays on the road and pulls over a fleet of army Casspirs. The film ends with Joe saying "The desert knows her name now, he has stolen both her eyes. When she looks into a mirror, she will see his spirit like a shore blowing tatters around her shoulders in a haze. And beyond the dim horizon, a tapestry unfolding of the avenues of evil, and all of history set ablaze".'] ['On April 1, 2007, Desiree Cartier is hosting a party at her mansion for her friend actress, Torrance Caldwell. Present for a pre-festivities toast are - Blaine Cartier, Desiree\'s brother, who controls their joint inheritance , U.S. Senate candidate Peter Welling, Peter\'s "Miss Carolina" fiancee Barbie Reynolds, and the quintet\'s less wealthy videographer friend Ryan. With the party in full swing, Desiree\'s social nemesis and Ryan\'s not-so-secret crush Milan Hastings, arrives. Also present is chihuahua-toting society reporter Charles. As another in her long string of April Fool\'s pranks, Desiree suggests Blaine get Milan tipsy on champagne and pork her in his bedroom upstairs. Desiree and several of the others hover by the cracked-open bedroom door, prepared to videotape the affair with the camera Desiree lifted from Ryan. However, Milan has a seizure and falls off the balcony to her death. The group goes to court, and Blaine loses the control of the family\'s fortune which shifts to Desiree, but they are considered innocent and the death of Milan is considered a fatal prank. One year later, Desiree, Blaine, Peter, Barbie, Torrance, and Ryan receive anonymous invitations to meet on Milan\'s grave at noon, April 1, 2008, with the cryptic P.S. "I have proof." Just after the entire sextet is back together, a messenger comes to the grave with a box containing a letter and a laptop computer. The letter says one of the six murdered Milan, and if that person does not confess, all of them will be dead by midnight. As a show of intent, the computer has footage of Charles drowning in his pool. Everyone goes from the cemetery to the pool to confirm this mishap. Subsequently, an increasingly frantic Desiree sees one "suspect" after another "murdered" before her eyes . Barbie is electrocuted in a beauty pageant dressing room, Peter\'s campaign truck runs him down in a parking garage, Ryan\'s throat is slit in his humble apartment, and returning home, Desiree and Blaine discover even their long-time butler Wilford has been butchered in the kitchen. After a brief separation from her brother, Desiree finds him tied to a chair. Worse yet, gun-wielding Torrance soon has Desiree tied inches away in another chair. After some back and forth, and Torrance fatally shooting Blaine in the chest, a chagrined Desiree finally admits it was she who spiked Milan\'s fatal drink, while allowing brother Blaine to become the "fall guy." At this point Blaine cannot contain a chuckle, and soon the whole crew of 2008 "victims" are surrounding a still-tied Desiree, telling her what a bitch she is, and how they have conspired to prove it to her. Special effects people from Torrance\'s Boogie Nights 2 set have equipped Blaine and the others with "squibs," and other cast members faked Desiree out by dressing as cops and "confirming" Ryan\'s murder as she and her brother were fleeing the scene. To illustrate her end of the charade involving a revolver shooting blanks, Torrance pulls the trigger once more. Unfortunately for Desiree, this time the cartridge in the chamber is real, and the bullet blows off the top of her head. The next scene involves the same inquest-probate judge from a year earlier absolving Torrance of any guilt for Desiree\'s death, and confirming Blaine as sole heir of the family estate. The final scene shows Blaine driving off in what was Desiree\'s red Mercedes, a slowly building smirk on his face.'] ['Dave Garver  is a KRML radio jockey who broadcasts nightly from his studio in Carmel-by-the-Sea, California, often incorporating poetry into his program. One night, he visits his favorite bar and, seemingly by coincidence, meets a woman named Evelyn Draper . Dave offers to drive Evelyn home and she accepts; once there, she reveals to him that their meeting was not coincidental; she deliberately sought him out after hearing him mention his favorite bar on his radio show. He guesses that she is a frequent caller who always requests the jazz standard "Misty"; Evelyn confirms this and then coerces a clearly uncomfortable Dave into having sex with her. From that point on, Evelyn prominently displays her borderline personality disorderFatal Attraction syndrome and begins showing up at Dave\'s house uninvited. She frequently alternates between being in love with him and hating him. Despite the short duration of their affair, she thinks that he loved her and feels abandoned and lonely. She throws jealous temper tantrums, attempts suicide in his home, and destroys his carefully constructed career move into management. After Dave rejects her one time too many, Evelyn lets herself into his home when he is out. His housekeeper walks in to find her maniacally vandalizing his possessions; Evelyn viciously attacks her with a knife and is subsequently committed to a psychiatric hospital. For a time, all appears well; Dave has successfully rekindled his relationship with his ex-girlfriend, Tobie Williams , and Evelyn is nowhere to be seen. One night, however, Evelyn calls Dave to tell him that she has been released and is moving to Hawaii; she quotes Edgar Allan Poe\'s "Annabel Lee" in reference to her obsessive affection for him. Later, while Dave is asleep, she unsuccessfully attacks him in his home with a butcher knife and then flees. Dave contacts the police, who begin to search for her. The next day, Dave warns Tobie to stay away from him until Evelyn is caught; she reluctantly agrees to stay at home with her new roommate, a girl named Annabel. That night, Tobie realizes that Annabel is Evelyn in disguise when she notices the scars from Evelyn\'s suicide attempt. Evelyn takes Tobie hostage and murders Sgt. McCallum , who had come to check on the two women. Meanwhile at the radio station, Dave makes the connection between Tobie\'s roommate Annabel and the quote from "Annabel Lee" that Evelyn had earlier recited. Evelyn calls and mockingly tells him that she and Tobie are waiting for him; he switches from a live show to a tape and rushes to confront her. Arriving at his house, he finds Tobie bound and gagged. Evelyn attacks him again with the butcher knife & he tries to steal the knife away from her. He eventually punches her in the face, knocking her out a window and down a cliff. Dave and Tobie look down at Evelyn\'s battered body as Dave\'s voice on the taped radio show dedicates "Misty" to Evelyn one final time.'] ["A former police detective in New Orleans and a recovering alcoholic, Dave Robicheaux is living a quiet life in the swamplands of Louisiana with his wife Annie. The couple's tranquility is shattered one day when a drug smuggler's plane crashes in a lake, right before their eyes. Robicheaux succeeds in rescuing a lone survivor, a Salvadoran girl, whom he and Annie quickly adopt and name Alafair. With the arrival of a DEA officer named Dautrieve and an inherent connection to Bubba Rocque, the leading drug kingpin in the area and Robicheaux's childhood friend from New Iberia, Dave becomes involved in solving the case and consequently finds himself and his family in danger. Robicheaux is assaulted by two thugs as a warning. With help from his former girl-friend Robin, an exotic dancer who still has feelings for him, he continues to investigate. His longtime acquaintance Bubba denies any involvement, but Dave warns him and Bubba's sultry wife Claudette that he is going to find out who is behind all this and do something about it. He tracks down one of the men who attacked him, Eddie Keats, and splits his head open with a pool cue in Keat's own bar. Killers come to the Robicheaux home late one night. Robicheaux is unable to prevent his wife Annie from being killed. He falls off the wagon and neglects the young girl they adopted. Robin comes to stay with them. Clearing his head, Robicheaux seeks vengeance against the three killers. He first goes after a large man called Toot, chasing him onto a streetcar and causing his death. Bubba and Claudette reassure a local mob boss named Giancano that they will not let this vendetta get out of hand, and Bubba gets into a fistfight with Robicheaux, falsely suspecting him of an affair with Claudette. Eddie Keats is found dead before Robicheaux can get to him. Going after the last and most dangerous of the killers, Victor Romero, he knows that someone else must be giving them orders. He finds Romero and kills him. Then, going to Bubba's home, Robicheaux discovers that it is Claudette who planned the hit. Bubba shoots her, and Robicheaux calls in the crime."] ['In 2008, Jason Voorhees is captured by the United States government and held at the Crystal Lake Research Facility. In 2010, Rowan LaFontaine, a government scientist, decides to place Jason in cryogenic suspension after several attempts to kill him. While Private Samuel Johnson places a blanket on Jason, Doctor Aloysius Bartholomew Wimmer, Sergeant Marcus, and a few soldiers hope to further research Jason\'s rapid cellular regeneration and try to take Jason. They pull off the blanket covering his body, but find Johnson dead instead. Having broken free of his restraints, Jason kills the soldiers. Rowan lures Jason into a cryonic pod and activates it. However, Jason ruptures the pod with his machete and stabs Rowan in the abdomen, spilling cryonic fluid into the sealed room and freezing them both. In the year 2455, Earth has become too polluted to support life and humanity has moved to a new planet, Earth Two. Three students, Tsunaron, Janessa and Azrael are on a field trip led by Professor Brandon Lowe who is accompanied by an android, KM-14. They enter the Crystal Lake facility and find the still frozen Jason and Rowan, whom they bring to their spaceship, the Grendel. Also on the ship are Lowe\'s remaining students, Kinsa, Waylander and Stoney. They reanimate Rowan while Jason is pronounced dead and left in the morgue. Lowe\'s intern, Adrienne, is ordered to dissect Jason\'s body. Lowe, who is in serious debt, calls his financial backer Dieter Perez of the Solaris, who notes that Jason\'s body could be worth a substantial amount to a collector. While Stoney has sex with Kinsa, Jason comes back to life and attacks Adrienne and then freezes her face with liquid nitrogen before smashing her head on a counter. Jason takes a machete-shaped surgical tool and makes his way through the ship. He stabs Stoney in the chest and drags him away, to Kinsa\'s horror. Sergeant Brodski leads a group of soldiers to attack Jason. Meanwhile, Jason attacks and kills Dallas and Azrael. He then tries to attack Crutch, but Brodski and his soldiers save him. Jason disappears, and after Brodski splits up his team, Jason kills them. Lowe orders Pilot Lou to dock in on Solaris. As he is talking with the Solaris engineer, he is killed by Jason. With no pilot, the ship crashes through a nearby space station, destroying it, and killing Dieter Perez and everyone else on the Solaris. The crash damages one of the Grendels pontoon sections. Jason breaks into the lab, reclaims his machete and decapitates Lowe. With the ship badly damaged, the remaining survivors head for Grendels shuttle, while Tsunaron heads elsewhere with KM-14. After finding Lou\'s remains, Crutch and Waylander prepare the shuttle. Rowan finds Brodski, but he is too heavy for her to carry, so she leaves to get help. Waylander leaves to help with him, while Crutch prepares the shuttle. Jason kills Crutch. On board the shuttle, Kinsa has a panic attack and launches the shuttle without releasing the fuel line, causing it to crash into the ship\'s hull and explode. Brodski attacks Jason, but is overpowered. Tsunaron reappears with an upgraded KM-14, complete with an array of weapons and new combat skills. She fights Jason off and seemingly kills him, knocking him into a nanite-equipped medical station, and blasting off his right arm, left leg, his right rib cage and finally part of his head. The survivors send a distress call and receive a reply from a patrol shuttle. The survivors set explosive charges to separate the remaining pontoon from the main drive section. As they work, Jason is brought back to life by the damaged medical station, rebuilt as an even more powerful cyborg called Uber-Jason. Jason easily defeats KM-14 by punching her head off. As Tsunaron picks up her still functioning head, Jason attacks them, but is stopped by Waylander, who sacrifices himself by setting off the charges while the others escape. Jason survives and is blown back onto the shuttle. He punches a hole through the hull, sucking out Janessa. A power failure with the docking door forces Brodski to go EVA to fix it. Meanwhile, a hard light holographic simulation of Crystal Lake is created to distract Jason, but he sees through the deception just as the door is fixed. Brodski confronts Jason so the rest can escape. As they leave, the pontoon explodes, propelling Jason at high-speed towards the survivors, however, Brodski intercepts Jason in mid-flight and manoeuvres them both into the atmosphere of Earth Two, incinerating them. Tsunaron assures KM-14 that he will build a new body for her. On the planet, two teens beside a lake see a "falling star" as Jason\'s charred mask sinks to the bottom of the lake.'] ['The film begins in 1958. Two counselors at Camp Crystal Lake, Barry  and Claudette , are murdered by an unseen assailant after they sneak away to a cabin to have sex. As the film jumps to present day Friday, June 13, the camp is being re-opened by Steve Christy . Annie , one of the teens who will be a counselor at the camp, is hitchhiking to Crystal Lake and is given a lift by a friendly truck driver, Enos , after asking for directions at a local diner. She is warned by the town crazy Ralph  that the camp is cursed and is also warned by Enos who tells her about the murders of 1958, among other strange happenings. After being driven part of the distance to the camp, Annie dismisses the warnings when she leaves and continues to Crystal Lake, later being picked up by an unseen driver in a Jeep. As the driver speeds past the entrance to the camp, Annie becomes concerned and leaps from the moving vehicle when the driver fails to stop, fleeing into the woods. The unseen driver chases her into the woods and slits her throat with a hunting knife. Meanwhile, several other counselors have been hired to help Steve with the camp, including Alice , Bill ([[Harry Crosby , Marcie, Jack , Brenda  and Ned . The counselors begin refurbishing and renovating the camp as Steve heads off to get supplies in town. Ned follows a figure wearing a black rain slicker he sees disappearing into an old cabin and is never seen alive again. Meanwhile, a thunderstorm forces Jack and Marcie to take refuge in a bunkhouse and have sex, unaware that Ned\'s corpse  rests on the upper bunk. Marcie then leaves for the bathroom, while Jack stays and smokes a marijuana joint. The unseen figure shoves an arrow through his throat from under the bed, then murders Marcie in the bathroom with a hatchet to her head. Meanwhile, Steve\'s Jeep gets stuck in mud and he is escorted back to camp by a police officer. Upon arrival at the camp, Steve is murdered by the same attacker, although Steve appears to know the person. After playing strip Monopoly, Brenda is murdered while walking back to her cabin after hearing a child-like voice calling "Help me!" from the woods. Hearing her scream, Bill and Alice go to investigate but only find a bloody axe in Brenda\'s bed. After discovering the phone lines have been cut and Ned\'s truck won\'t start, Bill leaves to check the generator. Afterwards, Alice becomes worried when Bill does not return; while looking for him, she finds his corpse pinned to a door with arrows and flees back to her cabin. After barricading herself in the cabin, Brenda\'s roped corpse is hurled through the window, forcing Alice to run back outside only to meet a middle-aged woman who identified herself as Mrs. Voorhees . As Alice begins to tell Mrs. Voorhees about the murders, Mrs. Voorhees tells Alice about her son Jason who had drowned in the lake at the camp years before. Blaming camp counselors who were not watching her son, Mrs. Voorhees charges at Alice with a hunting knife, and Alice realizes that Mrs. Voorhees is the killer. A lengthy chase ensues in which Alice appears to subdue Mrs. Voorhees several times and finds the dead bodies of Steve and Annie in the process. Facing off near the shore of the lake, Alice manages to finally defeat Mrs. Voorhees, decapitating her with a machete. With Mrs. Voorhees dead, Alice climbs in a canoe and floats onto the lake. The next morning, Alice wakes to find police officers on the shore. However, as Alice continues to float in the canoe, the decayed corpse of Jason , Mrs. Voorhees\'s son, leaps up from the surface and pulls Alice underwater. Suddenly, Alice awakes in the hospital, the previous scene with Jason having been a nightmare. Alice asks about Jason, but when the officer explains that no child was found at the camp, Alice replies, "Then he\'s still there." as the last scene shows the lake in peace'] ['A serial killer is on the loose in a Los Angeles suburb, and a television repairman with a pronounced limp named Horace Pinker  becomes the prime suspect. When the investigating detective, Lt. Don Parker ([[Michael Murphy , gets too close, Pinker murders Parker\'s wife, daughter, and his biological son. However, his adopted son Jonathan  develops a strange connection to Pinker through his dreams and leads Parker to Pinker\'s rundown shop. In a shootout in which several officers are killed, Pinker manages to escape. He targets Jonathan\'s girlfriend Allison  in retribution. Another dream leads Lt. Parker and the police to Pinker, who is in the midst of a kidnapping. This time, just as Pinker is about to kill Jonathan, he is arrested. Pinker is quickly convicted and sentenced to die in the electric chair. Prior to his execution, Pinker reveals that Jonathan is, in fact, his son, and that as a boy, Jonathan had shot him in the knee while trying to stop the murder of his mother. But what they do not realize is that Pinker has made a "deal with the devil". When he is executed, he does not actually die but instead becomes pure electricity, and is able to possess others  to continue his murderous ways. He soon possesses Lt. Don Parker. Parker uses his strength to fight off Pinker, who escapes into a T.V. dish. Jonathan and his friends try to find a way to fight him. Eventually, Jonathan, with the aid of Alison\'s "spirit", devises a scheme to bring Pinker back into the real world and accidentally discovers that Pinker, as with all energy sources, is bound by the laws of the real world and uses this limitation to defeat him. Pinker threatens Jonathan that he will find a way out of his "prison". The film ends when Alison\'s voice tells Jonathan to take care of himself, while Jonathan\'s neighborhood suffers a blackout.'] [' Somewhere in Morocco, Frank Cotton  buys an antique puzzle box from a dealer. Back in the attic of his house in London, Frank solves the puzzle box, prompting hooked chains to emerge from it and tear deep into his flesh. Black robed, horribly mutilated humanoids appear and attack Frank with hooked chains, tearing him into pieces. Their leader Pinhead , picks up the box and twists it back into its original state, taking Frank\'s dissected physical remnants back to their realm with them and restoring the room to normal. Sometime later, Frank\'s brother Larry ([[Andrew Robinson  arrives at the house along with his second wife, Julia , who previously had an affair with Frank. The pair know Frank as an avowed hedonist and petty criminal, and, presuming that he is in jail in some exotic location, decide to move in. Larry\'s teenage daughter, Kirsty Cotton , chooses not to live with her stepmother and moves into her own place. While moving into the house, Larry cuts his hand on a nail, and drips blood on the attic floor. The blood somehow reaches Frank in his prison in the humanoids\' realm, partially restoring his body and allowing him to escape to the attic. That night, Julia finds Frank (now portrayed by [[Oliver Smith  in the attic; still obsessed with him after their affair, she agrees to harvest blood for him so that he can fully restore his body and they can run away together. The next day, Julia begins picking up men in bars and bringing them back to the house, where she murders them with a hammer; Frank then consumes their blood and internal organs, progressively regenerating his own body. Once he has regained enough strength, Frank explains to Julia that he had exhausted all sensory experiences and sought out the puzzle box on the promise that it would open a portal to a realm of new carnal pleasures. Instead, it opened up a portal to the realm of the "Cenobites," who have since taken Frank as their prisoner and subjected him to extreme, sadomasochistic torture. Meanwhile, Kirsty spies Julia bringing men to the house and, believing her to be having an affair, follows her to the attic one afternoon, where she interrupts a murder. Frank attacks her, but panics when Kirsty grabs the puzzle box. Kirsty throws the box out the window, creating enough of a distraction for her to escape. Outside the house, she retrieves the puzzle box and runs away, but collapses from exhaustion shortly thereafter. After being taken to the hospital, Kirsty solves the puzzle box, summoning the Cenobites. Their leader explains that while the Cenobites have been perceived as angels and demons, they are simply "explorers" of carnal experience, practicing a form of sadomasochism so extreme that it transcends the boundary between pain and pleasure. Although they initially attempt to force Kirsty to return with them to their realm, the Leader becomes indignant at the suggestion one of their "subjects" has escaped, and agrees to consider freeing Kirsty in exchange for taking them to Frank. Kirsty returns home, where Larry tells her that he has confronted and killed Frank. Julia shows her a flayed corpse in the attic, and shortly after the Cenobites show up. Kirsty attempts to escape with Larry, but his language and mannerisms ultimately lead Kirsty to realize that Frank (now portrayed by [[Andrew Robinson  has in fact killed her father, and is wearing his skin. Frank pursues Kirsty through the house with a knife, inadvertently killing Julia in the process. He eventually corners Kirsty in the attic, where he brags about having killed his brother. The admission summons up the Cenobites, who ensnare him with chains and tear him to pieces. They then attempt to renege on their deal with Kirsty and take her back to their realm. Kirsty\'s boyfriend, Steve, arrives and looks for Kirsty. Kirsty defeats the Cenobites by reversing the motions needed to open the puzzle box, sending them back to their realm. Kirsty and Steve leave the house together. Afterwards, Kirsty tries to burn the box in a garbage dump. A vagrant enters the flames and retrieves the box before transforming into a winged creature and flying away. The box ends back in the hands of the merchant who sold it to Frank, asking another prospective customer, "What\'s your pleasure, sir?".'] ["In Anguish's complex and intertwined plot, viewers watch an audience watching a movie nested inside Anguish called The Mommy, in which much of the story takes place in yet another theater auditorium, where that audience watches yet another movie (the silent classic, [[The Lost World . Anguish's main story concerns Alice Pressman , a grasping, overprotective and psychotic woman, and her crazed son, John , a serial killer who Alice controls through hypnosis and some never quite explicated paranormal domination. Her son is extremely myopic and progressing toward blindness. Alice believes that collecting eyes will mend her son's vision, and believes her own fantasy that he is a well-respected ophthalmologist . She sends him to collect eyes from living victims, which he does at a local theater showing The Lost World. When the camera pulls back, a second story is revealed. Alice and Michael are the stars of The Mommy being watched by two teenage girls in a movie theater. In that theater, there is a man watching The Mommy with crazed intent. Although the main focus of Anguish is the story of The Mommy, all the stories eventually intersect to gruesome effect. On videos of the film, there appeared a warning that watching it could be hypnotic, or cause headaches."] ['Rose Elliot , a poet living alone in New York City, finds an ancient book called The Three Mothers. It tells of three evil sisters who rule the world with sorrow, tears, and darkness. The book, written by an architect named Varelli, reveals that the three dwell inside separate homes that had been built for them by the architect in Rome, Freiburg, and New York. Rose suspects that she is living in one of the buildings and writes to her brother Mark  in Rome, urging him to visit her. Using clues provided in the book as a guide, Rose searches the cellar of her building and discovers a hole in the floor which leads to a water-filled ballroom. She accidentally drops her keys and enters the water to find them. After reclaiming the keys, a putrid corpse suddenly rises from the depths, frightening her. In Rome, Mark attempts to read Rose\'s letter during class. He is distracted by the intense gaze of a beautiful student , who leaves suddenly; Mark follows, leaving the letter behind. His friend Sara  picks up the letter, and later reads it. Horrified by the letter\'s contents, she takes a taxi to a library and finds a copy of The Three Mothers. Sara is attacked by a monstrous figure who recognizes the book. She throws the book to the ground and escapes. She seeks the company of a neighbor, Carlo  and both are stabbed to death by a gloved killer. Mark discovers the bodies and two torn fragments from Rose\'s letter. After the police arrive, he walks out of Sara\'s apartment and sees a taxi slowly driving by. In the back seat of the vehicle is the music student, staring at him intently again. Mark telephones Rose but is unable to hear her clearly. He promises to visit just before the connection fails. Rose sees two shadowy figures preparing to enter her apartment. She leaves through a back door, but is followed. She is grabbed from behind by a clawed assailant and brutally murdered.  Arriving in New York, Mark meets some residents of Rose\'s building, including a nurse  who cares for elderly Professor Arnold , a wheelchair-bound mute. Mark learns from sickly Countess Elise  that Rose has disappeared. After the two find blood on the carpet outside Rose\'s room, Mark follows the stains. He becomes ill and falls unconscious. Elise sees a black-robed figure dragging Mark away, but the figure suddenly stops and gives chase to Elise. The figure stabs her to death. Mark staggers to the house\'s foyer where the nurse and caretaker  put him to bed. Mark asks Kazanian , the antique dealer who sold Rose The Three Mothers, about Rose. However, the man provides no information. That night, Kazanian drowns several cats in a Central Park pond and falls into the water. Hundreds of rats from a nearby drain crawl over him, gnawing his flesh. A hot dog vendor hears Kazanian\'s cries and rushes over. The man kills Kazanian with a knife. Carol, the caretaker, discovers the corpse of Elise\'s butler  in the Countess\' apartment. Shocked, she drops a lit candle which starts a fire. Attempting to put out the flames, she becomes entangled in burning draperies and falls from a window to her death. Mark uses a clue from Rose\'s letter to discover that beneath each floor is a secret crawl space. He follows hidden passages to a suite of rooms where he finds Professor Arnold who reveals, via a mechanical voice generator, that he is in fact Varelli. He tries to kill Mark with a hypodermic injection. During the struggle, Varelli\'s neck is caught in his vocal apparatus, choking him. Mark frees him, only to be told by the dying man, "Even now you are being watched." Mark follows a shadowy figure to a lavishly furnished chamber, where he finds Varelli\'s nurse. Laughing maniacally, she reveals to him that she is Mater Tenebrarum. She suddenly transforms into Death Personified. However, the fire that has consumed much of the building enables Mark\'s escape from the witch\'s den. Debris crashes down on the fiend, destroying her.'] ['A group of college students head out to a cottage in the woods for a long weekend vacation. No sooner have they arrived that several of the teens wander off into the woods and disappear. More students arrive the next day. They find the mutilated remains of their friends buried in the snow. It seems someone in the woods is out to get them. The remaining teens try to escape, but one by one, the mysterious "figure" hunts them down and kills them.'] ['After the death of his parents and brother, 24-year-old musician Jody Pearson is raising his 13-year-old brother Mike in a small town disturbed by the mysterious deaths of its citizens. Reggie, a family man and ice cream vendor, joins the brothers in their suspicions that the local mortician, dubbed the Tall Man, is responsible for the deaths. Mike relays his fears to a fortuneteller and her granddaughter about the possibility of Jody departing and leaving him in the care of his aunt, along with his suspicions about the Tall Man. Mike is shown a small black box and told to put his hand into it. After the box grips his hand, Mike is told not to be afraid and as the panic subsides, the box relaxes its grip. The notion of fear itself as the killer is established and is what propels Mike toward his final confrontation in the film with the Tall Man. Mike is pursued by minions of the Tall Man, alien dwarves , who are made from the bodies of the recently deceased, and tries to convince his brother of what is happening. After convincing his brother and Reggie, they find a strange white room with containers in the mausoleum. There is also a gateway to another planet that Mike enters briefly where he sees the alien dwarves that have hunted him through the movie being used as slaves. While trying to escape the Tall Man, Reggie is stabbed and appears to die while Mike and Jody barely escape. They devise a plan to lure the Tall Man into a local deserted mine shaft and trap him inside. After doing so successfully, Mike wakes with a start in his house, lying by the fireplace with Reggie sitting next to him. Reggie tells Mike he was simply having a bad dream, something that has been a common occurrence since Jody died in a car crash. Mike goes into his room where the Tall Man is waiting and an alien dwarf pulls Mike through his bedroom mirror.'] ['A group of college friends: Harvey, Nikki, Rob, Skip, Nan, Kit and Arch, gather to celebrate Spring Break by spending the weekend at the island mansion of their friend, Muffy St. John, on the weekend leading up to April Fools\' Day. The tone is set almost immediately with Muffy preparing details around the house, and finds an old jack-in-the-box she remembers . Her friends, meanwhile, are joking around on the pier, then on the ferry to the island. But en route to the island, Buck, a local deckhand is seriously injured in a gruesome accident. Once on the island and in the mansion, it turns out Muffy has set up a ton of little jokes from the simple  to the more complex and disturbing  Through it all, the friends in general try to relax. But then, Skip goes missing. Kit catches a glimpse of what looks like his dead body. Next, Arch and Nan also go missing. During a search, Nikki falls into the island\'s well and finds the severed heads of Skip and Arch and the dead body of Nan. Afterward, the remaining group discover that the phones are dead, and there is no way to get off the island until Monday. One after another, people keep vanishing or being killed and their bodies being found. Kit and Rob put together some clues, realizing that everyone\'s earlier assumption is wrong. The kinsman of the deckhand injured when they arrived is a red herring. Muffy, it turns out, has a violently insane twin sister, Buffy, who has escaped. In fact, the Muffy they have been around since the first night was Buffy pretending to be Muffy. They discover Muffy\'s severed head in the basement. Buffy chases them with a butcher\'s knife, and the couple are separated. Kit flees from Buffy into the living room — where she finds everyone else there, alive and calmly waiting for her. It was all a joke, or more accurately, a dress rehearsal. It is revealed to the audience that the whole movie was never a slasher film from the start, but rather pretending to be one. Muffy hopes to turn the mansion into a resort offering a weekend of staged horror. She even had a friend who does special effects and make-up for Hollywood help. Each "victim" agreed to take part as things were explained to them. Everyone has a huge laugh, and break out lots of bottles of champagne. Later that night, a half-drunk Muffy goes to her room. She finds a wrapped present on her bed. Grinning, she unwraps it. It is the Jack-in-the-Box. Savoring the surprise, she turns the handle slowly. When "Jack" finally pops out, Nan — the shy, bookish girl who knew Muffy from acting class, emerges from behind her and slits her throat with a razor. Muffy screams, but then realizes she is not really bleeding. She "got" her with a trick razor and stage blood. The film ends with the Jack-in-the-box winking at the audience.'] ['{{plot}}  The film begins with "The Man"  walking on a street on a foggy night. He passes by a tramp and somehow makes him throw up. Two men see that The Man is alone and start following him. One of them throws a cigarette at him and starts to brutally hit him with a chunk of wood. The other joins in and punches The Man with his fists. Just when they think he is knocked out, the first offender checks The Man body for cash. Then The Man suddenly grabs him by the throat and begins ripping it with his armour rings. While the 2nd thug stands frozen watching, The Man pulls out the 1st thug\'s windpipe . He then tears the 2nd thug\'s head apart from the top and stomps on his brains. Then the title credits start. The next scene shows two dead bodies being photographed, one of a girl lying on a bed and one of another girl on the floor. The girl on the bed has her stomach ripped open. Then, detective Neilson  enters the room to inspect. He then grabs one of the girl\'s breast to see if she\'s alive. The movie continues showing how it all came to this and how the girls died. Melissa  and Nikki [who are the two girls] are in a goth club looking for a man to take home and to sleep with. Melissa spots The Man. Nikki agrees that The Man is the perfect guy so Melissa takes him home. At her place Melissa starts to strip in front of The Man. Then instead of having sex as Melissa would have expected, The Man gets on her and evolves into some monstrosity. What he does exactly is not clear since the room is flashing with light. The next day, Melissa, scared and confused, goes to Nikki\'s house. On her way there, she sees people on the street with obscured demonic faces. Afraid to sleep alone now, she stays at Nikki\'s house for the night. However she feels pounding in her stomach, as if something was trying to get out. Then, some spikes rip out of her stomach. Terrified, Melissa stabs herself with some scissors until she kills herself. Nikki, literally bathing in Melissa\'s blood, watches in horror as some spider like creature with a baby\'s face rips through the corpse\'s stomach. It jumps on her and brutally kills her, spraying blood all over the walls. At the police station, detective Neilson is sent to his boss\' office , who has some questions for him. Kemper , a madman imprisoned at Fenham Asylum, is then shown in his cell with a list of those who helped catch him and gives it to his ally and son , Dani. Melissa was probably 1st on this list. Sophie  and Emma ([[Emma Rice  try to break into a house. They start looking for a box with money. When Emma finally finds the box under a bed a bony old man  pops up from the bedcovers. He grabs Emma and starts yelling. Sophie, not knowing what to do, takes a candleholder and whacks the old man on the head. The girls check for his pulse but he has none. Bizarrely, the old man jumps up one again and attacks Sophie. Emma takes a knife and stabs the old man first in the cheek, then in the shoulder. Still alive, once again he gets up. Sophie then takes a huge hammer and smashes the old man\'s face. Confident that he is now dead, the two girls take a bath to remove their bloodstains. Emma tells Sophie that she told her sister that they were going to do this robbery. Angered at Emma, Sophie hits Emma with the same huge hammer and kills her. She stuffs the money in her pockets and makes for the exit of the house, but she trips on the stairs and hits her head on the wall. This knocks her out and she wakes up in the morning. When she checks to see where the corpses of her friend and the old man were, she finds an empty room. She then goes back to her apartment. There she is attacked by the zombies of Emma  and the old man . The old man holds her while Emma stabs Sophie in the eye with a broken bottle and kills her.  At the police station, Neilson is told by a police officer the names of the people killed so far. Neilson recognises them as they helped him catch Kemper. That night Neilson has a nightmare. He sees Kemper enter his bedroom. Kemper forces Neilson to keep his mouth open and breaks his front row of teeth using a hammer and nail. Neilson is woken up by his phone. When he answers it he hears a strange voice, Dani\'s. Dani is at Sophie\'s apartment and places a coin with a goat head insignia on Sophie\'s corpse. The Man is then shown performing some sort of ritual. He stabs a cat until its organs fall out on a plate and then eats them. After the police investigate the corpses at Emily\'s apartment, Neilson\'s boss John wants another word with him. Suspecting that Kemper somehow murdered the girls and the old man, John orders Neilson to tell him everything he knows about Kemper. Neilson tells John that Kemper in the beginning was a \'magician\' who could hypnotize people. He performed at public shows and hypnotized unsuspecting children. At night the children would walk to him and he would use them in sick depraved rituals. He would also eat them. He supposedly did this to emulate his father, satanist Anthony Crowley. Now almost sure that Kemper was guilty, John orders Kemper to be moved to a new cell so his current one can be investigated. Next on the killing list is Nick Holland . Nick drives home with his girlfriend Natalie  where he refuses to make love to her. He does this because he feels bad that he only has one leg . Nick\'s doctor says that if Nick brings him a leg, it is possible to stitch it to Nick\'s body. So, Nick goes to an old friend of his,  and shoots him in the head. He then cuts Thomas\' leg off with a knife and puts it in a suitcase. He brings the leg to the doctor and the doctor sends a nurse over to Nick\'s house to stitch the leg on. That night Nick has a nightmare. He sees Thomas murdering Natalie and then stabbing him with a knife. He wakes up and finds Natalie safe next to him. The couple decides to go for a drive. Nick is the driver, but some unknown force twists his legs and makes him hold the gas panel down. Not able to break, he keeps speeding until a truck crashes into the car. Nick doesn\'t die after the crash, but he sees that Natalie had been ripped out of the car and had crashed on a pole. Nick, unable to bear Natalie\'s death, stabs himself in the leg and under the head with a knife. A couple of cops come and call in reinforcements. That\'s when Dani shows up. He walks in front of the 1st cop and stabs him through the eyes with his metal finger armours. He then approaches the 2nd cop  and attacks him. After looking through Kemper\'s old cell some doctors find the list of victims Kemper had. John is informed and calls Neilson. He tells him there are two people left on the list. Richard Neilson  , and Neilson himself.  Richard Neilson is a reporter who is for some reason spoiled by the internet. He is slightly attracted to killing and murder. He recently finds a website that lets members choose how they want to have someone killed and see it live on the \'SickCam\'. The victims are killed in a room called the \'Sick Room\'. Richard likes this website and is blinded by his blood thirst. He sees a sample video on the SickCam and decides he wants to try this. So, he writes the URL of the website down and tricks his girlfriend into coming to his house and assaults her violently. This isn\'t shown but is obvious, as his girlfriend\'s face is later shown completely bruised and stitched. The next day Richard tries to enter the site through his laptop but the URL doesn\'t work. He falls asleep for the rest of the day and tries to enter the site again the next day at work. He tries different URLs until he gets the right one, but just when he enters the site and completes the site membership form, his computer shuts off. Richard\'s boss fires him for everything bad he\'s done. Richard tries to get into the site again at home from is laptop. The URL fails to work once more so he tries other possibilities. After days of fruitless effort he finally succeeds. The site says: \'Thank You. If you have found us then you deserve to be here. Please enjoy full membership privilege while we process your account\'. Under this text is the goat head insignia, the same on the coin that The Man had left on Sophie\'s corpse. Richard enjoys commanding how to have a man tortured and killed online while watching it happen on the Sick Cam [Tony Hickson]. But then, Richard\'s Internet connection is terminated. He forgot all about his Internet bills all these days as well as his rent. He is kicked out of his house, so the first place he goes to is the Internet cafe. He tries entering the Sick Room website there but with no luck, so he posts an online sign asking for info on the sick room. The next day he gets a reply: \'The Cottage. Elm Drive, Harrow. The man there can tell you more. Please don\'t try to trace this. A friend\'. Richard goes to the cottage in the address and meets a short man . The man tricks Richard into actually entering the sick room, where Richard is hit with hammers and cut up with razors. The user who is ordering these commands online is then shown to be The Man. Neilson is told that his son is dead. Thinking it was Kemper, he decides to kill him. He goes into Kemper\'s cell and shoots Kemper in the leg and arm. Then a doctor calls in some backup. Some soldiers come, but Dani comes too, disguised as one of the soldiers. Dani, holding a machete, slits a female doctor\'s throat, stabs the 1st reinforcement guard in the face, and eventually kills everyone except Neilson. Neilson shoots The Man in the face, blowing half his head off. Then he shoots Kemper in the heart, but as he is checking if Kemper is still alive, a spider-like creature comes out of The Man\'s half-head as he cries out "Evil has just begun. " Then there are screams and the movie ends.'] ["The film is a historical and critical look at slasher films, which includes dozens of clips, beginning with Halloween, Friday the 13th, and Prom Night. The films' directors, writers, producers, and special effects creators comment on the films' making and success. During the Reagan years, the films get gorier, budgets get smaller, and their appeal diminishes. Then, A Nightmare on Elm Street revives the genre. Jumping to the late 90s, when Scream brings humor and TV stars into the mix. Although some criticize the genre as misogynistic, most of the talking heads celebrate the films: as long as there are teenagers, there will be slasher films."] ["One year after the conclusion of the last film, a boat's anchor hits an underwater power line cable, causing a short circuit at the bottom of Crystal Lake and resurrecting the undead serial killer Jason Voorhees. He finds the boat's occupants, a high school couple named Jim Miller and Suzie Donaldson having sex. Obtaining the hockey mask that Jim used to scare Suzie, Jason kills Jim with the barrel of a Harpoon. Suzie attempts to hide in a storage hatch, but Jason discovers her and kills her as well. The next morning, the SS Lazarus, containing the senior class of Lakeview High School, is bound for nearby New York City for the school's graduation. The trip is chaperoned by biology teacher Charles McCulloch and Colleen Van Deusen, who has brought along Charles' niece, Rennie. Before the ship sets sail, Jason grabs the ship's anchor and climbs aboard. During the night, Rennie has visions of Jason as a child when he drowned. Jason starts murdering the people on board, starting with a wannabe rock star named J.J. He then kills a young boxer in a sauna. When Tamara Mason goes to take a shower, Jason breaks through the door and strips her. She begs for mercy while Jason kills her. Tamara's corpse is later discovered lying on the floor. Jason kills the captain and the chief engineer of the Lazarus, leaving the two chaperones, Rennie, and the remaining students to try to track down Jason. Jason strangles a female student, then throws a boy over the captain's quarters and onto a deck post. After Wayne accidentally kills another passenger, he is attacked by Jason and thrown onto a control panel, causing a fire that blows a hole in the ship's hull. Jason attempts to kill Rennie by choking her, but she escapes. Charles, Rennie, Colleen, two other students, Julius and the captain's son, Sean Robertson, as well as Rennie's dog, Toby, abandon the ship in a row boat. The group reaches New York City, though Jason has followed them there. The group is mugged by two gang bangers who kidnap Rennie and chase off Toby. Charles suggests the group split up to find help. The gang bangers take Rennie to their hideout and inject her with heroin. They are preparing to rape her, but Jason shows up and kills them both. Julius finds a phone and tries to call for help, but is attacked by Jason, who chases him onto a rooftop. Julius confronts Jason and punches him repeatedly, only to be decapitated with a single punch from Jason, his head falling into a dumpster. Colleen is looking for help when she runs into Charles and a cop, who also run into Rennie and Sean. The cop puts them in the back of his car and they see Julius's head in the front. Jason kills the cop before Rennie gets in the front seat and runs Jason over. She sees an hallucination of a young Jason and tries running it over, but smashes into a brick wall, causing the car to explode. Colleen is killed in the explosion. Rennie has a flashback to her early childhood, when she was learning how to swim in Crystal Lake, was almost killed by a younger Jason, who had already drowned. She remembers that Charles was the one who pushed her into the water, trying to get her to swim. Rennie runs away and Sean goes after her. Charles stays behind and is killed by Jason. Rennie tells Sean that her parents were killed in a car crash when she was young, leaving her in the care of Charles. Jason arrives, making Sean and Rennie run for their lives. Rennie and Sean run onto the New York subway system, but are trapped by Jason. Sean tackles Jason and Jason is electrocuted by the ground wires, seemingly killing him. The two leave the subway and emerge into Times Square, where Jason continues pursuing them. Rennie and Sean run into a diner but Jason crashes through a wall to get to them. They run into the sewers, where Rennie attacks Jason with toxic waste, melting much of his body. After an ensuing flooding of the sewer, all that remains of Jason is a young boy lying at the bottom of the sewer, with a hockey mask floating away on the water. Rennie and Sean reunite with Toby on the streets above, and set out to start a new life."] ["Set three years before the first film, the action takes place in and around the Meadow View Inn, a small roadside motel in rural North Carolina. It opens with newlyweds driving and the bride wants to have sex in the car, which makes the groom stop. They are then stopped by a man, whose property they are on. The manager, Gordon , oversees an operation of using cameras within the motel to videotape the newlyweds having oral sex. Later, a serial killer , who checks into the motel as Smith brutally murders a woman he brought with him in one of the motel rooms. The horrified staff see the whole crime on videotape and then subdue the man. They, however, do not know what to do with him as they will endanger their operation if they call the police. Smith manages to convince Gordon and his staff to hire him to torture and murder the motel guests on videotape and then sell them as snuff films. The trucker confirms that this is indeed a functional market and Gordon agrees under the conditions that he is the leader of the operation. Smith mockingly agrees. A couple of days later, a young couple, Caleb , Jessica  and their friend Tanner  check into the Meadow View Inn for a night's rest, unaware of the inn's sick-minded employees and their nefarious intentions. As the killers begin to terrorize the hotel guests, it quickly becomes apparent that Smith is a loose-cannon, with no intention of following Gordon's lead. He fashions a crude mask out of wire and proceeds to murder two of the hotel's three guests. They capture and stab Caleb in the stomach until he dies, while Jessica and Tanner hide in the woods and then to a nearby house. It is revealed that the man who stopped the newlyweds lives in the house with his wife. It is revealed his name is Otis. They let Jessica and Tanner in. They tell the couple about the killers, but Otis doesn't believe them. Smith and the others come in, telling the man that Jessica and Tanner stole from them, which Otis believes. But his wife does not, as she takes the phone and is about to call the cops. Quickly, Smith shoots Otis then his wife and runs after Jessica and Tanner. They catch both and do tortuous things to Tanner first. Smith calls the others off, since he wants to kill Jessica himself. The others are watching on tape what Smith is going to do. But one of them does not want to kill anymore and Gordon says to let it play out then they will call the cops and blame the whole thing on Smith. Smith leaves the room to check on Gordon and the others. Jessica found a way to untie herself. Smith comes back and is about to kill Jessica. Jessica manages to stab him in the jaw, but Smith survives. Jessica escapes and Gordon and the others run to see what happened to Smith. Jessica hides and finds dead bodies. She then finds Caleb dead and Tanner, dying while choking on his blood. Meanwhile, Smith  and the others desperately search for Jessica. One of the staff go to the place where Jessica hid, but she hides under Caleb's body and pushes it upward, killing the employee . Jessica takes his gun and runs to the truck and rummages through the glove box, then she goes underwater in the lake. Gordon goes to the lake and searches for her. He finds a sweater sticking out of the water, thinking it's her. Jessica, underwater, pulls out the gun out of the water. Gordon turns around to see it as Jessica pulls the trigger, killing him. Smith hears the gunshot and runs to the lake. Jessica gets out quickly and hides in Smith's trailer. He finds her and tries to stab her, but she gets the torcher and burns him and she runs. The next day, the cops arrive and Jessica tells the story. But they are skeptical of her story because the cameras and bodies have disappeared. At another hotel , a badly scarred Smith informs the trucker that he will have the motel up and running in a few weeks just as soon as the cameras are set. Smith gives the trucker the very first snuff film that features one of the guests he murdered at the Meadow View Inn. He tells the trucker that he will make more copies as soon as he can."] ["At a college pre-med student fraternity New Year's Eve party, a reluctant Alana Maxwell is coerced into participating in a prank: she lures the shy and awkward pledge Kenny Hampson into a darkened room on the promise of a sexual liaison. However some other students have placed a woman's corpse in the bed. Kenny is traumatised by the prank and is sent to a psychiatric hospital. Three years later the members of the same fraternities and sororities hold a costume party aboard a train. Class clown Ed is disguised as Groucho Marx. Prank ringleader Doc Manley is disguised as a monk. Jackson is disguised as an alien lizard. Doc's girlfriend, Alana's best friend Mitchy, is disguised as a witch. Alana's boyfriend Mo is disguised as a bird. Also along are Carne, the train conductor, and Ken, the magician hired to entertain the crowd. As the train journeys into the icy wilderness, the students responsible for the prank are murdered one by one, with the killer assuming the mask and costume of each murder victim in turn. Carne discovers some bodies and sequesters the students in one car as the train begins its return journey. Alana recalls the prank, and, remembering that Kenny loved magic, suspects the magician is the killer. However the magician has disappeared, presumed to have leapt off the train. Alana is sequestered in a locked compartment for her safety, but the killer is still aboard, stalking her. The killer enters the compartment but Alana escapes, and is pursued by the killer through the train. The killer is revealed as Kenny, who was disguised as the magician's female assistant. Kenny refuses Alana's apology and forces her to kiss him, but the kiss causes Kenny to relive his memories of the prank, driving him deeper into insanity. Carne rushes to the scene and beats down Kenny with a firemans' shovel, causing him to fall out the open door of the baggage car to his death. His body lands on ice. The ice breaks and the body falls into the river and floats away. The final shot shows the train roaring off."] ["In November 1999, a group of young tourists arrive in Burkittsville, Maryland after seeing The Blair Witch Project and are inspired to film their own documentary in the exact woods where the movie was filmed. The group includes Stephen and his pregnant girlfriend, Tristen, who are researching the Blair Witch for a book they are writing; Erica, a wiccan; Kim, a goth psychic; and Jeff, their local tour guide. Their first stop, where they camp for the night, is the ruins of Rustin Parr's house. Jeff places cameras to catch any sightings that may occur. That evening another tour group approaches their camp and claims to have jurisdiction over the ruins. Jeff and his tourists lie and convince the other group that they saw something horrifying at Coffin Rock earlier. The other group leaves to investigate. Jeff and the others wake the next morning with no memory of the previous night. Tristen and Stephen's research documents are shredded and strewn about, and Jeff's cameras are destroyed. Their tapes are found unharmed in the same spot the Blair Witch Project footage was discovered. As they debate why the tapes were spared, Tristen notices that she is bleeding and has miscarried. Later, at the hospital, Tristen sees a ghostly young girl walking away backwards. After she is discharged, Jeff takes the group to his home, an abandoned broom factory in the woods. It has an elaborate security system, including a deep trench and bridge to the entrance, many surveillance cameras, and a front door that plays the sound of barking guard dogs whenever it is opened. They review their tapes and find hours of footage are missing. At one point, they see a naked woman swinging around a tree backwards. Jeff enlarges the video, revealing her to be Erica. Erica remembers no such event and runs to a nearby room to pray. Kim drives to a store to buy beer and has several unpleasant encounters with the locals, ending in a heated argument with the cashier and Kim being ordered to leave the store. Back at Jeff's, she reaches into her shopping bag and pricks herself on a nail file the cashier was using. She doesn't recall grabbing it and it has blood on it. Erica goes missing the next morning. She isn't indoors but nobody heard the front door. Kim discovers Erica's clothes surrounded by a circle of lit candles. Shortly after, the sheriff calls to say that the other tour group was found gutted and laid out in the shape of a pentagram on Coffin Rock, and that he believes Jeff is responsible. That night Stephen sees Erica through a window, naked and swinging backwards around a tree just as in their tapes. He runs outside, where she tells him he knows what he must do. She runs off and the bridge collapses under him. He avoids falling by grabbing a ledge, and while climbing he sees the same girl Tristen did in the hospital. She repeats Erica's statement before vanishing. The sheriff calls again and tells Jeff he's outside and has some questions. Jeff doesn't understand since the bridge is out, but a security monitor shows it is now intact. He opens the front door, but the bridge is once again broken and the sheriff isn't there. Instead, across the chasm there is a pack of barking dogs. He grabs a rifle but the dogs are gone. When he returns the gun to the closet, he finds Erica's corpse inside. The group sits in the loft trying to make sense of the situation. Tristen suggests everything is backwards. They are confused, but Kim tells Jeff to play the tapes in reverse to view the lost footage. This works, and the new footage shows Tristen leading them in an orgy and the ritualistic murder of the other tour group. Once the video ends, Jeff begins taping Tristen and demands a confession. She asks Stephen for help, but he turns on her and claims that she deliberately killed their baby. Tristen ties a rope around her own neck while deriding the others for letting fear drive them to a witch hunt. She focuses especially on Stephen, who pushes her over a railing in a moment of rage, causing her to hang by her neck and die. The group is arrested and interrogated separately. In Kim's room, they play security footage from the store of her stabbing the cashier in the neck with the nail file. In Jeff's video, he arranges Erica's clothes and stows her body in the closet. In Stephen's video, they show him lynching Tristen and cursing her as a witch. All three claim they never did those things."] ["Billy Edward Lenz , a boy born with a rare liver medical condition that makes his skin yellow, is constantly abused and hated by his mother, Mrs. Lenz , due to her hate towards her husband. Setting her eyes on another man, she has him kill her husband, and they bury his body in the underground crawlspace under the house. When Billy is seen witnessing this, she locks him in the attic. When Mrs. Lenz tries to conceive a new baby with her new man, she realizes he is impotent, and goes up to the attic and has sex with Billy. Soon, Agnes  is born, who is loved by her new family. On Christmas Eve 1991, Billy snaps about Agnes being treated like a princess and him being treated like an outcast, escapes and disfigures Agnes by gouging out her eye. Mrs. Lenz and her boyfriend witness this and the boyfriend charges at Billy, only to be stabbed through the eye with an umbrella. Horrified, Mrs. Lenz starts crying hysterically, until Billy wraps the Christmas lights around her neck and drags her into the kitchen, where he beats her to death with a rolling pin. He grabs a cookie cutter and proceeds to make cookies out of his mother's flesh. He is caught by the police, who arrive at the house to see him eating the cookies and dipping them in milk which has him sent to a mental asylum. On Christmas Eve 2006, Billy escapes from his cell after killing the security guard by stabbing him in the neck with his candy cane he sharpened, butchers a man in a Santa Claus costume, and disguises himself in the costume to escape while carrying the Santa Claus bag with the man's body inside and putting it in a dumpster. At a sorority house, Delta Alpha Kappa, Clair Crosby  is writing a letter Christmas card for her half-sister until the killer enters the house and brutally murders her by stabbing her eye with a fountain pen. Meanwhile Megan Helms , another sorority girl, watches a video tape until she heard noises and goes in the attic to investigate, which the killer suddenly attacks and kills her, unnoticed by the other girls. In the living room, the girls receive a call from a rambling man. During the call, Lauren Hannon  taunts the caller, and he threatens to kill them. Meanwhile, Clair's half-sister, Leigh Colvin  arrives searching for her. After the lights go out, Dana Mathis  hesitantly goes to check them under the house. Suddenly, someone grabs her face and pulls her in. After a violent struggle, the figure finally kills her with a gardening tool. The girls receive a call from Dana on one of their cell phones, and hear a scream. Most of the girls leave the house to find her, only to discover her dead, and find Eve Agnew , decapitated in her car. Heather Lee-Fitzgerald  and Mrs. Mac  are willing to drive to the police, Mrs. Mac goes to scrape the window while Heather stays in the car but is killed by the killer who was hiding in the back seat. Mrs. Mac steps back in horror when she sees blood splatter all over the window on the inside and hits the door of the garage making a sharp piece of ice fall and impale her head. Kelly Presley  and Leigh having noticed they are taking so long for the car to leave, go check in the garage, leaving Melissa Kitt  and a sleeping Lauren alone in the house. The killer strikes again, killing Melissa with an ice-skate thrown to her head as she attempts to escape out a window and Lauren, who has her eyes gouged out, much to Kelly and Leigh's horror when they both discover her corpse. Kelly and Leigh find Kyle Autry , Kelly's ex. He proves himself not to be the killer, and helps them. The three check the attic, where Kyle is dragged and stabbed in the head with a unicorn-head statue. The killer is revealed to be Agnes, Billy`s daughter/sister, when she pulls out a glass eye after being stabbed with a pitchfork by Kelly, and she introduces most of the murdered girls' dead bodies by a Christmas tree. Billy also makes his way into the attic and both killers close in on Kelly and Leigh , unintentionally starting a fire. Kelly and Leigh manage to escape and leave Billy and Agnes to burn in the fire. Kelly and Leigh are treated at the hospital. While Kelly goes for an x-ray, Agnes appears in the hospital unharmed and kills Leigh by snapping her neck, while Billy kills a hospital employee. When Kelly returns to her room, Agnes enters through the ceiling and attacks her as well but Kelly uses the defibrillator and kills Agnes; however, Billy immediately enters also through the ceiling and chases after Kelly. They end up in the stairway, where Kelly pushes Billy down the stairs where he is impaled on the tip of a Christmas tree, killing him."] ["Three strangers are riding in an elevator, when a massive power outage, or blackout occurs, leaving them stranded in the elevator until the power comes back on, which takes several hours. As time ticks, the situation becomes unbearably uncomfortable when they find out one of the three is a deranged killer. With hours to go before the power comes back on, the two must find a way out or they will not make it through the blackout. It's slowly revealed one male is suffering the loss of his wife, another male just experienced a domestic disturbance with his girlfriends father and the female just left a hospital where her grandmother was badly hurt, of which she is covered in blood. The three come to grips with their situation as they figure out a way to get out. The movie recaps their histories through flashbacks. Amber Tamblyn plays Claudia who lives with her apparent grandmother who always says she works too hard. She appears to be a student but early flashbacks do not reveal which subject. The movie opens with Claudia covered in her friends blood leaving a hospital for home. She enters the elevator which she noticed was making weird noises. Aidan Gillen plays Karl. The movie opens with him visiting the grave of his dead wife. His young daughter shows up with Karl's friend and they begin playing Marco Polo. He drives home to get ready for their play date the next day, at which time he gets stuck in the elevator. During his flashbacks we see him at a bar taking photos of a woman with long back hair who he later buys a drink and takes to his car. Armie Hammer plays Tommy who appears tough and rigid. When Karl takes his photo claiming to have captured the perfect picture of angst, Tommy freaks out and demands he removes it. During his flashback we learn he is a former drug addict and involved in a fight with his girlfriends father. He eventually climbs out the top of the elevator looking for help, this is where all three storyline come together. As Tommy is climbing up the elevator shaft Claudia flashes back to earlier that day. As she and her grandmother are leaving the building a homeless man asks her for money. Her grandma is unaware she has stopped and keeps walking, it's heard off screen that she was hit by car and its her grandma's blood on her. Karl begins to speak about his night before with a woman and he needs to clean up the apartment before his daughter arrives. Tommy meanwhile struggles up the shaft but falls hard unto the elevator causing the entire elevator to fall. After the fall, Claudia begins to have a slight asthma attack but controls it. Karl being a doctor helps tend to Tommy's broken leg. Soon they hear over the PA system that building control is aware of their situation; however, they learn it's just a recording. By 4am, they are still stranded. Claudia begins to flashback to her ailing grandmother in the hospital. It's revealed Claudia's parents dead when she was very young. Bringing her back is the sounds of the broken elevator. They all agree to yell for help being its closer to morning. Tommy begins to flashback to his crying girlfriend. Tommy tells her they need to run away. They grab any cash they can find and agree to leave that night. When tommy doesn't show, his girlfriend comes to his building looking for him. She pushes the elevator button but nothing happens. She looks around and decides to use the stairs. Karl becomes more hostile to the group and begins smoking despite Claudia's pleas not too. Meanwhile, Tommy's girlfriend bangs on his door but he doesn't answer. She hears the group fighting but doesn't know where it's coming from so she looks around. In the midst of their fight, the elevator slips more. Tommy's girlfriend begins calling for him but doesn't hear anything. The group inside can't hear her either so she leaves. Claudia than flashes back to her dying grandmother saying from her hospital bed everyone dies. She tells her to bend in her life or she will break. She asks for a photo of her husband so they can die together. Claudia rushes off and that's where we discover she was stuck in the elevator. Karl flips out when Claudia reveals she had candy. He steals her inhaler and crushes Tommy's leg more, claiming he is now the leader. He flashes back to the woman in his room where he almost straggles his date. His date awakes to him saying there is no fate only what you take from the world. He runs a scapula across her body and cuts her, than rapes her while covered in salt. It's revealed to Tommy by Karl that he is the killer while Claudia is sleeping. It becomes clear Karl enjoys seeing others in pain. As 2:30 approaches Karl worries his daughter will discover the body and that he is not a good father. Karl tells Tommy he must get out soon or he is going to slit Tommy's throat and rape Claudia. Its now revealed to be 2:23pm. By now Tommy's girlfriend returns to her home and still nobody has discovered the group. Claudia awakes to a smoking Karl and demands her inhaler. Karl throws Claudia's inhaler on top of the elevator so she has to get up there and get it, but also pull the fire alam Karl discovered while they were sleeping. She climbs up and struggles to reach the alarm. She finally reaches the alarm but drops Karl's lighter and it breaks to pieces. She grabs her grandma lighter she stole earlier in the movie and tries again. She falls on to the elevator same as Tommy and the elevator slips. It's now 2:33 She falls back into the elevator where Karl has flipped out being he thinks his daughter knows his secret. Through flash backs it's revealed his wife committed suicide. Claudia tells him they are almost at floor level but Karl says its no use. He reveals to both that he is a killer. Karl flashes his camera causing the other two to squint. Then Karl produces a knife and stabs it into Tommy's neck killing him. While Tommy is dying, he flashes back to his time with his girlfriend. Claudia quickly moves away. Karl than looks to Claudia intending to rape and kill her. She pleads which only makes Karl mad. She tells him to think of his daughter but this enrages him and he stabs her arm and they fight. This causes the elevator to slip closer to a floor. They continue to struggle with each other when Claudia kicks him in the balls. She tries to open the doors and get out. As she makes her way out the elevator which is midway to a floor, Karl begins grabbing her and stabbing her legs. She kicks him in the face and he falls back. The elevator Slips more but he manage to grab her leg which she kicks off just has the elevator falls completely, severing Karl's arm in the process. The elevator s than seen crashing all the way to the floor. Claudia lay bloody on the floor weak from her asthma when the cops arrive. The cops discover Karl's bloody apartment and reveal to his friend what they find which she withholds from his daughter. Claudia is seen leaving on a stretcher. Tommy's girlfriend sits on her bed looking at the money he gave her to leave town. Back in the hospital Claudia's doctor tells her that her grandma has died. She cries because was she unable to get her the photo in time. She asks him why do bad things happen, but he says things happen without pattern and leaves her to rest. Movie fades out."] ['Innocent people are being brutally murdered on the streets of New York City by a uniformed police officer. As the death toll rises, Detective Frank McCrae heads the investigation. Jack Forrest, a young cop, finds himself under arrest as the chief suspect. He and his girlfriend Theresa, along with McCrae then set out to solve the mystery before the Maniac Cop strikes again.'] ['The film opens in summer, with John Baker and his two children, Angela and Peter, out on a lake. After their boat flips, John and the children head ashore, where John\'s lover, Lenny, is calling. As the family swims, a motorboat accidentally runs them over, killing John. Eight years later, Angela is now living with her eccentric aunt Dr. Martha Thomas and cousin Ricky Thomas. Angela and Ricky are sent to Camp Arawak. Due to her introverted nature, Angela is bullied, her main tormentors being fellow camper Judy and camp counselor Meg. The head cook, Artie attempts to molest Angela until Ricky interrupts, and the two children flee. While Artie is boiling water for corn, an unseen figure knocks him off the chair, scalding him with the water. Artie\'s injuries are deemed accidental by camp owner Mel Costic. Campers Kenny and Mike begin to mock Angela, prompting Ricky and his friend Paul to get into a fight with them. After the brawl is broken up by Gene, Ricky and the rest of the boys involved in the fight leave, while Paul stays behind and befriends Angela. Later, Kenny is drowned, his body found the next day and his death also ruled accidental by Mel. Camper Billy also dies from a bee attack after he throws a water balloon at Angela. The relationship between Angela and Paul grows strained when Paul kisses her twice as a goodnight kiss, causing Angela to have a flashback to her youth when she and her brother witnessed their father in bed with Lenny. Paul is then seduced by Judy, who lures him into the woods, where the two are found kissing by Angela and Ricky. Guilty, Paul attempts to explain himself to Angela while on the beach. As Paul talks to Angela, he is shooed away by Judy and Meg, who throw Angela into the water. After being taken out of the lake by lifeguard Hal and having sand flung at her by several small children, a clearly disturbed Angela is comforted by Ricky, who swears revenge on her aggressors. After the affair at the beach, Meg prepares for a date with Mel. During her shower, she is killed by a knife through her back. Meg\'s disappearance goes largely unnoticed and a social is held. At the social, Angela is approached by Paul, whom she tells to meet her at the waterfront after the social. The six children who threw sand at Angela are taken out to go camping with counselor Eddie. When two of them ask to go back, Eddie takes them back to his car and drives back to the camp. The other four children are hacked to bits with Eddie\'s axe when he returns. Judy is murdered in her cabin when the killer punches her and forces a hot curling iron into her vagina . The camp is thrown into a panic when Eddie announces the deaths of the four children. Ricky overhears this news before being attacked by Mel, who had discovered Meg\'s corpse and blames Ricky for her death. After beating Ricky mercilessly, Mel stumbles into the camp archery range, where he is shot in the throat with an arrow by the killer. As the counselors and the police scour the camp, they discover Ricky, unconscious but alive, and Angela meets Paul on the beach, suggesting they go for a swim. Ronnie and Susie find a naked Angela humming to herself and clutching both a large knife and Paul\'s severed head in her hands. They are shocked to discover that "Angela" is actually Peter, her thought-to-be-dead brother. It is revealed that the real Angela died in the accident and Peter survived. After Martha gained custody of him, she decided to raise Peter as the girl she always wanted, already having a son and coming to the conclusion that another boy "simply would not do." It\'s also implied that Peter/Angela was mentally affected in a very negative way by seeing his father sharing a homosexual embrace with another man. The film suddenly ends with the nude and blood-covered "Angela", male genitalia in full view, standing before Susie and Ronnie, letting out an animalistic hissing sound.'] ['Michelle Rosen is a poor girl who is the \'new kid\' at her high school. Jealous of the popular cliques, she spends her lunch reading under a tree when approached by the handsome football star, Aaron, who invites her to a party. Aaron\'s ex-girlfriend, Debbie, a member of the popular clique makes up rumors about Michelle. At the party Aaron slips Michelle a roofie, and gang rapes her with his friends. The rapists\' girlfriends then assume that Michelle seduced them, duct tapes her to a tree, and writes "slut" on her forehead. Later at school, Michelle finds posters all over the hallways stating "Michelle Rosen is a slut". She then gets her revenge with a series of bloody murders.'] ["Bruno, a composer, becomes involved in a series of murders of tenants who live in a villa. In a horror film Bruno is scoring a young child, taunted by cruel bullies, descends into a dark cellar after a bouncing tennis ball. The kids hear a scream and the ball bounces up to them, leaving bloody tracks on the wall. Sandra, Bruno's director, explains that her inspiration was the childhood of Linda, the villa's previous tenant."] ['A shy and sexually frustrated young woman named Helen has trouble when her private parts begin to devour her lovers. Driven to madness by her condition, Helen decides to become a prostitute and murder her clients to satisfy her bloodlust. It was filmed on the Isle of Wight.{{citation needed}}'] ["A group of chat room buddies decide to meet together in person on the beach for some fun in the sun. However, their vacation transforms into a nightmare as each person except Nam-kyeong  is gruesomely murdered by the mysterious 'Sandmanzz'.Synopsis based on {{cite web}}"] ["The movie tells of bigoted police detective  Joe Carlson, whose homophobia leads him to try to frame high school basketball player Billy Lynch  for the murder of a television repairman when he becomes convinced that the killing was the result of a homosexual love triangle. Unbeknownst to the detective, Billy's aunt Cheryl  is the real killer; having harbored incestuous fantasies towards Billy for years, his impending graduation has caused long dormant homicidal urges to resurface. Joe's continued plaguing of Billy causes Cheryl to become progressively more unstable, ultimately jeopardizing the lives of everyone around her."] ['When private detective Jack Chandler  tries to track down a teenage runaway , he runs into a cult of Egyptian chainsaw-worshipping prostitutes led by "The Master" .'] ['The movie picks up where the original left off, following a young woman named Heather Miller who inherits a mansion from a grandmother she never knew she had, only to discover that the chainsaw-wielding Leatherface still resides there.'] ['The director of an asylum offers to the serial killer Molly Keller a chance to be submitted to a pilot unconventional experiment in Prague, in the Weisser Institute. Molly accepts, and she travels to the clinic, where Dr. Samuel Wiesser developed a treatment using a virtual world, and Molly and deranged youngsters would be trial subjects. However, something does not work well in the experiment, and when the patients die in their trip, the same happens in the real world. The explanation is a huge twist point in the very end of the story.'] ['{{Plot}} The film begins at Heathrow Airport, where Lena, a Polish immigrant  is working her shift as a cleaner. While there, her colleague Birdie  helps her to clean the toilets. Lena talks about her family and living alone in Hounslow. Lena pulls out a mirror that her grandmother left her, and Birdie takes a shine to it. They get some sandwiches, and Birdie introduces Lena to her adopted brother Elbie . Lena tells Birdie that she doesn\'t get on with her family. Birdie tells Lena that her family care for her, and that they work at the airport too. Lena tries to get Elbie to talk to her, but he doesn\'t respond. Later, Birdie tells Lena about someone they know who has a dirty sexual fetish, before stealing an MP3 player from the office. She tells Lena that people shouldn\'t leave things lying around if they don\'t want them stolen. Lena sees some scars on Birdie, and she tells her that she used to have behavioural problems but she is better now. Afterwards, Lena misses her bus home, and Birdie invites her to stay at her house, near the end of the runway. They climb through a hole in the fence, and enter the house through the back door. Lena discusses how difficult it is to keep in touch with her family. Birdie disappears up the stairs, and Lena decides to look around the house for a while, only for Dad  to knock her out, and inject her with something. She wakes up in a dark room after hearing tortured screaming. She gets mad, and Dad arrives with Mum , who tells Lena that when she gets mad, Dad gets excited, and they need to calm him down. Dad spits on the floor, and then leaves the room. Mum tells Lena that as long as she is with her, Dad won\'t hurt her. Lena is unable to speak, and Mum tells her not to try to talk, because she has had a little jab. She gives Lena another injection, and Lena falls asleep. She wakes up later, tied to a frame. Mum tells her that she wanted another girl to come and live there. Mum then pierces Lena\'s skin with some metal and carves some marks into her back. Mum takes Lena in to see Dad, who is masturbating. When he finishes, he tells Lena that in his house, she abides by his rules. He then grabs her by the throat, before sending her to bed, The next morning, Birdie cleans Lena\'s scars and she shows her the scars on Elbie\'s back, which she compares to crazy paving. At breakfast, the family are watching pornography, as Birdie plays with Lena\'s mirror. She then puts the MP3 player into a pot, and tells Mum that she couldn\'t get any more stuff because she was doing Lena\'s work. Lena tries to escape, but Dad grabs her and tells Mum to control her children. Elbie drags her on to a chair, and Mum tells her not to go anywhere. Birdie takes Lena through her chores, and tells her that Elbie has nothing going on in his head or in his pants. Mum arrives and tells Lena that she is doing a good job. In her room, Lena attempts to escape, but hears Dad watching her through the keyhole. At breakfast the next day, Lena sees that Birdie has been hiding money from the family and takes it from her pocket. Dad accuses Birdie of lying to the family and shouts at her. Mum sends her to her room, where she cries before making a mess of what Lena has tidied up. When Elbie arrives, Birdie tells him that Lena is his replacement, and he shoves her to the ground. She compares him to the "spastic thing" upstairs. Later, Lena massages Mum\'s feet until she falls asleep before doing the same to Dad, who asks her to kiss his foot and make him happy. He shouts at her and throws her to the floor. The next morning, Lena greets Mum with a hug and tells her that her voice is back. Birdie tries to convince Mum that Lena is hiding things from her, but Mum shouts at her instead. Mum attempts to give Lena a top up of the voice paralysing drug, and Lena tells her that she won\'t scream because of Dad. Mum tells her it is much nicer when she plays along, before cutting her leg open. Lena does her chores and finds a mobile phone, which she hides in her knickers. Birdie phones the phone, and Mum finds it, and tells Lena that she is very disappointed in her, before getting Elbie to hold her down while she gives her a stronger dose of the drugs. Later, Lena is washing clothes, when she hears a man outside. She tries to get his attention by calling for help and when that doesn\'t work, she throws a human tooth out of the window. Dad sees it and blames the roof. He rushes upstairs and drags Lena into his torture room, before putting her inside a suitcase and making Elbie hit it with a hammer. The man enters the house, where Mum is waiting, and suffocates him with some bubble wrap. After the man has been chopped up, Dad tells Lena he warned her of what would happen if she broke the rules before making her kiss the man\'s decapitated head, then choking her again. The next day, Mum tells Dad she has a surprise with the man\'s parts, and makes them into sausages, as Birdie tells her about some new girls at work on dodgy visas. After spending the night tied to the radiator, Lena breaks into the torture room, and finds a staircase up to the attic, where she sees a mentally ill girl in bed . The girl wakes up and has a fit, but Lena calms her down, before finding a man in the torture chamber, and calming him down too, before stealing a weapon. The next morning, Birdie enters Lena\'s room and tells her it\'s Christmas. She goes downstairs to find the man crucified on the wall, and "the spastic" in her chair. Dad pours wine down Lena\'s throat before spitting in her face. She bites him, causing him to hit her on the head. They open their presents next; Birdie has been given some knives, and Elbie has been given some pornography. Dad tells Lena that he knows she has been visiting "the spastic", and she is like that because the cord was wrapped around her neck when she was born and he had to bite it off with his teeth. She is his real daughter, not like Lena. He calls Lena a pet, and tells her a pet isn\'t for life, just for Christmas. Mum can\'t bear to look at "the spastic" and tells Dad she shouldn\'t even be there in the first place. Mum gives Lena a dress for Christmas and they get her to try it on. For Christmas dad buys mum a watch. Mum feels bad that she hasn\'t bought dad anything and therefore whispers in his ear that he can have Lena for Christmas. Dad arrives in Lena\'s room wearing a dress and makeup and telling Lena that he is "Mum" before attempting to sexually assault her. Previous to this and unbeknown to Dad, Albie had taken pity on Lena and left Lena\'s handcuffs loose causing Lena to stab Dad with the weapon she stole from the torture chamber. She makes her way downstairs, followed by Dad, who collapses, causing Mum and Birdie to rush to help him. She stabs Mum, then Birdie attacks her, but Lena slams her into a wall and takes Dad\'s knife, stabbing her in the stomach. She opens the back door, but Birdie attacks her again, so she hits her over the head with an iron she finds on the floor and rushes outside. She climbs over the back gate, but falls and twists her ankle. Mum and Dad rush out limping, bloodied and battered, chasing her. Lena then falls and then Mum stabs her with a knife she took from the house. But Mum and Dad are too weak to kill her so Lena fights them off, and stabs them both repeatedly back and forth . Meanwhile, Elbie sets "the spastic" free of her restraints, before strangling her. He then walks out of the front door. The next shot is of Lena screaming in the field as planes take off overhead.'] ['{{Plot}} Maureen Coyle, a mentally unstable young nun, is atop a bell tower and about to commit suicide. Another nun tries to get her to come down, but Maureen accidentally pushes her to her death. Maureen is forced to leave the convent. Norman Bates is still manning the desk at the Bates Motel and living with the preserved corpse of his "true" mother, Emma Spool. Local law enforcement and Norman\'s ex-boss, Ralph Statler, are concerned since Mrs. Spool has been missing for over a month. Duane Duke, a sleazy musician desperate for money, is offered the job of assistant motel manager to replace the late Warren Toomey, was fired by Norman. Maureen, now a long-term tenant, remains in confusion about spiritual and earthly matters. Sheriff John Hunt and Ralph have a conversation at the diner, when Tracy Venable, a pushy journalist from Los Angeles, interrupts them. She is working on an article about serial killers being put back on the streets. Tracy is trying to support her theory that Norman is back to his old ways. Norman appears and Tracy jumps at the chance to talk with him. Unaware of her ulterior motives, Norman opens up to her but is distracted when Maureen enters. He is startled because she strongly resembles his long-ago victim, Marion Crane. Seeing the initials "M.C." on her suitcase, Norman panics and leaves the diner. After a conversation with "Mother," Norman spies on Maureen as she undresses to take a shower. Keeping "her" word, "Mother" enters Maureen\'s room. Upon pulling back the shower curtain, it is revealed Maureen has attempted suicide by cutting her wrists, a sight which snaps Norman back to his "normal" side. Due to blood loss, Maureen hallucinates. She mistakes Norman, dressed up as "Mother," for the Virgin Mary holding a silver crucifix. Norman gets Maureen to the hospital. After she is released, he invites her to stay back at the motel and they begin a romantic relationship. Duane picks up a girl called "Red" at a bar. They head to Bates Cabin 12 and have sex. Red makes it clear she wants more than just a fling and calls him a pig when he refuses. Duane, infuriated, throws her out. Red tries to call a cab, but "Mother" shatters the phone booth door and stabs Red to death. Tourists arrive at the motel, where they plan to watch a local football game. Norman and Maureen go to a restaurant while Tracy searches Mrs. Spool\'s apartment. She discovers the Bates Motel\'s phone number written on a magazine cover. Norman and Maureen return to the motel to find most of the other guests engaged in drunken stupor. Norman goes with Maureen to her room and they fall asleep in each other\'s arms. Patsy Boyle, the only sober guest, is murdered by "Mother." Norman discovers Patsy\'s body and he buries her in the motel\'s ice chest outside the office. The next morning, Sheriff Hunt and Deputy Leo appear to investigate Patsy\'s disappearance. Norman tries to prevent Hunt from entering his mother\'s bedroom, when he discovers that "Mother"/Mrs. Spool has disappeared. Tracy tells Maureen all about Norman\'s past. This causes Maureen to leave the motel and go stay with Father Brian, who took care of her at the hospital. Norman searches for his mother all over the house and finds a note from her stating that she is in Cabin 12. There he learns it was Duane who took "Mother"/Mrs. Spool. Duane demands a large sum of money to keep quiet or else he will turn Norman over to the police for the murders. Norman appears to give in, but unexpectedly throws an ashtray at Duane\'s head. They fight and Norman hits Duane several times with his own guitar. Tracy talks to Statler and Myrna about Mrs. Spool and discovers she was working at the diner before Statler bought it from Harvey Leach. Tracy meets with Leach, a resident at an assisted living facility, and is informed that Mrs. Spool had also once been institutionalized for murder. Norman drives Duane\'s car to the swamp with Duane and Patsy\'s bodies in it. Duane, still alive, regains consciousness and attacks Norman, who accidentally drives into the swamp. He struggles out of the car while Duane drowns. Maureen convinces herself that Norman is her true love and returns to the motel. Norman and Maureen share a tender moment at the top of the staircase when "Mother" shouts furiously at Norman, which startles him. He loses his grip on Maureen\'s hands. She falls down the stairs into the cupid statue, which impales her skull. Norman screams and promises "Mother" that he will get her for this. Tracy arrives. She enters the house and finds Maureen dead. Then she sees Norman dressed as "Mother," bearing a knife, but is unable to flee. She tries to reason with Norman by explaining his family history: Emma Spool was his aunt and was in love with Norman\'s father, but he married her sister, Norma, instead. Mrs. Spool then kidnapped Norman when he was a baby, after she killed Mr. Bates, believing Norman was the child "she should have had with him." When she got caught, Norman was returned to Norma while Mrs. Spool was institutionalized. Tracy discovers Mrs. Spool\'s corpse in the bedroom. Norman takes off his dress. "Mother" orders him to kill Tracy, but when Norman raises the knife, he brutally attacks "Mother" instead, dismembering Mrs. Spool\'s preserved remains. Sheriff Hunt takes Norman to his squad car, with Father Brian and Tracy following behind. Hunt informs Norman that they may never let him out of the institution again, Norman replies: "But I\'ll be free...I\'ll finally be free." Norman, sitting silently in the back of the squad car, caresses a trophy: the severed hand of Mrs. Spool.'] [' Owen Matthews arrives at Westlake Preparatory Academy. That night Owen\'s roommate, Tom, tells him they are sneaking out. A group of students consisting of Graham, Mercedes, Lewis, Randall, Regina, Tom, Dodger and Owen play a game called Cry Wolf, where someone is marked as a "wolf" and the group tries to figure out who it is. After meeting his new journalism teacher, Mr. Walker, Owen and Tom meet everyone for lunch. They discuss the police finding a girl\'s body, Becky, after it was dragged through the woods by a wolf. The group considers who could have murdered Becky, when Dodger proposes expanding Cry Wolf to the entire school. Owen suggests creating a fake e-mail telling everyone about a serial killer who goes from campus to campus killing students. They describe the killer as wearing an orange ski mask, a camouflage jacket and brandishing a hunting knife. That night, they send out the e-mail. The next day, the entire school has spread the story in the e-mail. Owen receives an instant message from someone using the name "Wolf". Tom and Owen accuse Dodger, but she claims she was studying with Regina. Tom and Owen find their dorm room trashed. When the instant messenger comes up on Owen\'s laptop, they find a piercing stud and blood on Owen\'s keyboard. Tom blames Regina, who has a recipe for fake blood. When accused, she insists she was on a field trip. Believing Dodger is lying, Owen confronts her. Dodger informs him that she was visiting her mother. Deciding that Randall is behind the odd behavior, Owen tries tracking him down, to no avail. Owen once again seeks out Dodger, and finds her kissing Mr. Walker. In his journalism class the next day, when Owen reaches into his bag for supplies, a hunting knife falls out. Mr. Walker escorts Owen to the Headmistress\'s office. Owen tells Mr. Walker that he knows about his relationship with Dodger, and that he will tell the headmistress if Walker reveals the knife. Mr. Walker agrees not to say anything. On the night of Halloween, "Wolf" attacks Owen. Thinking Tom was trying to prank him, Owen goes to leave with Tom\'s car, but sees Wolf behind him. The attacker ends up being Mercedes, who was trying to prove that attackers can be women. The following day, Owen and Mercedes meet with the headmistress, who decides that Owen\'s fate will be decided over the weekend. The rest of the group is forced to stay at school over the weekend. Owen contacts them to meet in the chapel. Owen, Dodger, Tom, Lewis and Regina meet and try to get to the bottom of the attacks. While Lewis is on the phone, Mercedes is attacked in the bathroom by Wolf. Owen unsuccessfully tries to call for help. The rest of the group finds Randall\'s body in a confessional. After the group scatters, Owen runs to the parking lot to see that Mr. Walker is still on campus. Owen runs to Mr. Walker\'s office as his phone starts ringing. Owen answers to Dodger crying on the other end; she has found Mercedes dead. Dodger tells Owen she is coming and can see him through the window. He looks out to see Wolf kill her. Suddenly Mr. Walker enters the room. After noticing that Mr. Walker has a jacket, an orange mask and a knife, Owen shoots him. The door is suddenly opened by Dodger, Tom and Regina. Owen is arrested for murder. The group admits that it was a prank to get Mercedes and Owen back for making them stay on campus. It is discovered that Mr. Walker was involved with Becky, the gun in his desk being the same one that killed her. Dodger visits Owen, and says that she would never have played the game if she knew that Mr. Walker was cheating on her, revealing she had organised everything. She had killed Becky because she was jealous of Mr. Walkers relationship with her. She had set up the game, knowing that Owen would blame Mr. Walker for the killings, thereby killing him and making her happy. Owen threatens to report her, to which she replies that no one would believe him.'] ['{{copy edit}} The film begins with a girl named Stacy  being told the story of Smiley, a killer from an internet urban legend. Stacy then gets mysteriously and violently killed while video chatting and singing "Call Me Maybe." The scene changes to Ashley , a new student, moving into a new house with a roommate, Proxy . After getting acquainted, Proxy and Ashley decide to go to a party hosted by Zane , an internet hacker, and meets Binder . Ashley learns of the mysterious internet killer, Smiley. At first thinking it isn\'t real, she goes on with the party and gets drunk. The next day, having learned of the urban legend, Ashley and Proxy decide to try the Smiley test by typing "I did it for the lulz" in a video chat with a random person. They do it on a guy named "Flasher" . The girls are shocked when they watched Flasher get killed. Terrified, they decide not to inform the incident to the police. Days later, Proxy and Ashley attend another party where Ashley asks for more information on Smiley. Zane\'s friends joke around while Zane pulls her away and confronts her about what she did. She decides to leave but finds out while walking that she\'s actually drunk. While walking home, she runs into the Smiley killer who teases her and rips her dress. The next morning, she mysteriously wakes up in her own bed. She tells what she experienced to Proxy, who ignores her story, thinking she just had a dream. They visit Zane who reveals what he really is and tells them that despite his skills to retrieve any information on the web, he still does not have any clue as to what\'s happening. Ashley receives medication and decides to go to Dr. Jenkins . Still terrified by her paranoia, she still tries to convince Proxy who simply leaves. Not receiving any help from her roommate, she goes to Clayton , one of her college professors, for help but Clayton only scares her further. She then tries to get help from a cop, Diamond  who just thinks she\'s crazy and shrugs her off. Ashley then tries to get Proxy to get Smiley to call her but refuses and advises her to ask help from Zane instead. Upon arriving, Ashley is shocked to find Zane dead. Ashley grabs Zane\'s gun just as the Smiley killer appears and chases her. Back at her house, Ashley sees a figure coming in and shoots it only to discover it was Binder. She tries to help him, but Smiley suddenly comes in and slashes his throat. Smiley chases her upstairs to her room where she finds many Smiley killers after her. Backed to a window, she jumps out to her death. Zane, Flasher and the others presumably killed by Smiley are then revealed wearing smiley costumes. Binder informs them that Smiley is alive and many copycat killers will attempt to go viral. Everyone leaves as Zane talks to Proxy via video chat and tells her why he did it. He types "I did it for the lulz" in the chat. The Smiley killer suddenly appears on the video and kills Proxy leaving Zane shocked.'] ['A criminal psychologist loses his arm in a car crash, and becomes one of three patients to have their missing limbs replaced by those belonging to an executed serial killer. One of them dies violently, and disturbing occurrences start happening to the surviving two.'] ["Martin is a law school student who takes a job as a night watchman at a morgue. When a necrophiliac serial killer begins plaguing the city, Martin finds himself the target of the madman's wrath."] ['The plot revolves around the return of Brian Woods , a "problem teen." He has just been released from a mental hospital; he was admitted after the suspicious death of his father, who crashed and died while driving a car with cut brakes. He falls in love with classmate Paula Carson , but the local basketball star Dwight Ingalls  is already Paula\'s boyfriend. Meanwhile, the lecherous school principal also seeks Paula\'s affections. Then horrible murders start happening with no one certain of the identity of the culprit. The main suspects are Dwight, whose control of his anger has never been perfect; Woods, who may not have been fully cured at the sanitarium; and the principal, who seems to stop at nothing in his attempts to bed Paula. The film opens with a paperboy delivering newspapers. A paper is delivered to Paula Carson\'s house. Paula is approached by her father, Bill, who is an attorney, who has planned a hunting trip. He warns Paula to do her homework, not to allow boys in the house, and most importantly not to cut class. Paula then puts the newspaper in the bin, showing its headline: "Boy who killed father released from Mental Asylum." Bill Carson drives to the swamps for his hunting trip. As he takes shots into the air, someone is hiding nearby and holding a set of bows and arrows. The person calls over to Bill Carson and fires an arrow into him. Bill cries out and then falls down to the ground. Meanwhile, Dwight Ingalls enters class late after avoiding two accidents on his ride to school. Dwight is questioned by his teacher, Mr. Conklin, and a girl sitting next to Dwight whispers the answers to him. Dwight tells her to shut up when she teases Dwight for not knowing what H2O is. Later, Colleen and Paula are taking out gym equipment. Paula walks past a set of bows and arrows and notices a leaf hanging off the arrow. Paula picks the leaf off and then eats it. Meanwhile, Brian is told to climb a rope by the P.E. coach, but Dwight caused him to fall. At a hot dog stand, Colleen, Paula, and Gary are waiting for Dwight. Brian approaches, and Colleen insults him before suggesting that Brian has a crush on Paula. Dwight then pulls up in his car and starts talking to Paula. He asks her to go to her house, as her father is away, which would give them the opportunity to be alone. Dwight then goes to buy Paula a hotdog, but he is beaten by Brian who hands her one and says, "You had that look." When Dwight returns, he tells Paula to get in the car and makes it clear to Brian that they are not friends anymore and to leave him and Paula alone. They all then drive off in Dwight\'s car. Brian and Paula nevertheless become friends, and she starts to trust him. Dwight warns her to stay away from him. A teacher is murdered in the copyroom, and the students notice that the killer made copies of the killing on the copy machine. The teacher\'s face is shown smashed into the copy machine glass along with a ring on the killer\'s finger. The ring belongs to Dwight. Soon they think that Dwight  is the killer instead of Brian. Brian tries to kill Paula, Dwight, and a math teacher in the school, and the janitor happens to be around at the time. Every classroom they run into, Brian starts talking to Paula and the math teacher through the PA in the principal\'s office. Paula still thinks that Dwight is the killer, and she is still running from him. Soon Brian goes into the classroom after hacking the math teacher to death. Dwight enters and gets Brian off of Paula, and they run out to the shop class and hide after Brian exclaims, "YOU\'RE A YANKEE DOODLE DANDY TOO; YOU TWO MUST KILL OR DIE!" Brian knows they are in there, so he follows them while locking them in and turning on all the equipment. Brian corners Dwight and puts his head in a vice and points a drill towards his face. Paula ends up striking Brian in the head with a claw hammer, making him fall onto a moving circular saw, which goes right through his torso as Paula frees Dwight. They leave the school and are in Dwight\'s car when, all of a sudden, they see Paula\'s dad - he has been on a trip but in actuality he was the lawyer that put Brian in the sanitarium. Brian had kidnapped Paula\'s dad, and he had escaped and made it home. Paula points out that it is her dad. He is on the road, but Dwight cannot stop because Brian cut the brakes earlier. They swerve and miss hitting Paula\'s dad. All he says is, "Shouldn\'t you be in school? You\'re not cutting class, I hope!" The movie ends with the camera\'s freezing on Paula\'s face.'] ['At a Texas high school, Mandy Lane  is a popular outsider. Dylan  invites her to a party at his house and she accepts with the provision that her best friend, Emmet ([[Michael Welch , can attend also. At the party, Dylan and Emmet clash, and Emmet sits on the roof overlooking the pool watching Mandy. Dylan joins him and is convinced to jump from the roof to the pool to get Mandy\'s attention. Dylan jumps but misses, hitting his head on the edge of the pool and dies. Nine months later, Red  is having a party at his father\'s ranch and has invited Mandy along. She obtains permission from her Aunt  and agrees to go. Since Dylan\'s death she has refused to talk to Emmet. On the way to the ranch, the kids take a break at a railroad track, then steal a keg from a driver  at a truck stop. When they arrive at the ranch Chloe  won\'t drive her car over the cattle grid and so with a shortage of seats Mandy and Bird  elect to walk to the ranch. While walking, Bird asks to hold Mandy\'s hand, and she agrees. He then asks if he can kiss her, to which she agrees also, and he kisses her on the cheek, but is interrupted by Garth , the ranch hand. Once at the house, they begin drinking and playing games. Mandy is the only one to stay sober. After a disparaging remark, Jake  walks out, followed by his girlfriend, Marlin . They stop in a cattle shed, engage in oral sex, then Jake leaves. Marlin is hit in the jaw with the butt of a shotgun. The double-barrel is rammed down her throat, almost killing her. While looking for Marlin, Jake discovers her, barely alive, but is shot by the stranger, and Marlin finally dies. Meanwhile, Bird, Mandy, Red, and Chloe are joined by Garth at the house after a stranger in Red\'s car fires fireworks at them on the porch. Bird chases the car, believing that Jake is the driver, but he encounters Emmet. During their fight, Emmet blinds Bird by cutting his eyes, chases him and finally stabs him to death. At the ranch, Garth stays over. Mandy falls asleep in the kitchen. Red and Chloe fall asleep on the couch. In the morning, Emmet is in the house , and Garth runs upstairs. Emmet goes downstairs and walks over to Mandy, stroking her hair. Garth runs back down to find Mandy still asleep with blood on her hair from Emmet, who also left a message on the fridge reading "Wake Up" with a bloody handprint. Garth and Mandy realize that they need to leave and go to wake up Red and Chloe. As they prepare to leave, Emmet shoots Garth. Red and Chloe escape out the back and run to Chloe\'s car. There they discover the bodies of Jake and Marlin, after a brief kiss Red is shot in the leg. After running away, Chloe then discovers the body of Bird, as she runs back to the ranch. She is chased by Emmet driving her car. Mandy retrieves the keys to Garth\'s jeep, and the hunting knife Emmet used to kill Bird. She then sees Chloe running towards the ranch, pursued by Emmet. As Chloe runs up to Mandy, she stabs Chloe in the stomach. While Chloe bleeds out, Emmet and Mandy discuss their plan. Emmet has kept a journal giving the reason behind the killings since he and Mandy have previously agreed to a suicide pact. However, Mandy changes her mind and refuses to take the pills Emmet gives her. They have an argument, which ends up in a fight. Garth shoots Emmet as Emmet chases Mandy; she fights him off, long enough to obtain a sharp object and kill him. Mandy then picks up a wounded Garth and heads to his truck. They drive off, with Garth calling Mandy a "hero". A flashback then shows the group back at a railroad track, taking a break from the drive. They are all goofing off, and Mandy is seen balancing on the tracks, giving the camera a knowing look.'] ['Student Bodies is about a serial killer who stalks female students at Lamab High School, while at the same time, voyeuristically watching them. The killer calls himself "The Breather," presumably because the killer is always breathing heavily. The Breather enjoys stalking victims over the telephone and much like Jason Voorhees of the Friday the 13th movies, he hates seeing youngsters having sex. The Breather uses many unusual objects to kill his female victims such as a paper clip, a chalkboard eraser, and a horse-head bookend. He kills his male victims by placing them in trash bags alive. The film itself ends with several twists: initially, it is revealed that the Principal and his elderly female assistant are working as a duo as "The Breather", even though they are shown at one point in the film in the same room as other characters when the Breather contacts the school to threaten to commit further murders. The film then goes to reveal that the entire film was a fevered dream, caused by the main character Toby being sick and consumed by overwhelming sexual repression. In a send-up of The Wizard of Oz, many characters are revealed to be much the opposite of what they appeared to be for the bulk of the film: the jock-like shop instructor is really the school\'s French teacher, the stuck-up would-be prom queen is actually the school nerd , the two handicapped kids turn out to be non-crippled, and a local ROTC cadet is a hippie. After being released from the hospital, Toby and her boyfriend are about to have sex, at which point he puts on gloves similar to the ones worn by the Breather and strangles Toby, as he has lost respect for her. However, in a homage to the nightmare-ending of Carrie, Toby\'s hands rise up from the freshly dug grave after her funeral to attack her killer.'] ['In May 1962, dozens of wealthy passengers are dancing in the ballroom of an Italian ocean liner, the Antonia Graza, while an Italian woman  sings "Senza Fine.". On the deck, a young girl named Katie , is sitting alone, until the Captain of the boat himself offers the dance. Elsewhere, a hand presses a lever that unravels a thin wire cord from a spool. The spool snaps and the wire slices across the dance floor like a blade, bisecting the dancers. Only Katie is spared, due to the Captain leaning protectively over her, and her height. The Captain\'s face splits open at mouth level as the top of his head falls off as Katie screams in horror. 40 years later, a boat salvage crew—Cpt. Sean Murphy , Maureen Epps , Greer , Dodge , Munder , and Santos —is celebrating a recent success at a bar, when Jack Ferriman , a Canadian weather service pilot, approaches them and says he has spotted a mysterious vessel running adrift in the Bering Sea. Because the ship is in international waters, it can be claimed by whomever is able to bring it to port. The crew sets out on their ship, the Arctic Warrior, an ocean salvage tugboat. They discover the ship is the Antonia Graza, which mysteriously disappeared in 1962 and was believed to be lost at sea, as both the crew and the passengers were never heard from again. When they board the ship and prepare to tow it, they discover that it contains a large quantity of gold. However strange things begin to happen. Epps claims to have seen a little girl on the stairwell. Greer claims to have heard a woman singing throughout the ship. Epps and Ferriman discover the corpses of another salvage crew. They decide to leave the ship but take the gold, but an invisible force opens a gas valve in the engine room and the Arctic Warrior explodes as the engine is started, killing Santos and leaving them stranded. They attempt to fix the Antonia Graza and sail it back to land, but the crew members are picked off one by one. Greer meets Francesca, the singer who he heard, who seduces him and then leads him off a precipice to his death. Captain Murphy, after entering the Captains Cabin, comes across the ghost of the Antonia Graza\'s Captain, who explains that they recovered the gold from a sinking cruiseship Lorelei, along with a sole survivor. He shows Murphy a picture of the survivor, who he is shocked to recognise. He rushes to tell the rest of the crew, but a supernatural force causes him to see everyone he meets as the burned ghost of Santos, causing the crew to think he has gone mad and lock him in the drained fish tank. Meanwhile, Epps meets Katie, who reveals  that the crew of Graza turned on the passengers and each other. The sole survivor of the Lorelei convinced the crew of the Graza to turn on the passengers in order to claim the gold. The crew killed all of the passengers , including Katie , but then turned on each other. The last officer, after killing his crew mates was shot by the singer, Francesca. Another man then joined Francesca in an embrace and walked away as a large hook swung into her face, killing her. The man is revealed  as Jack Ferriman, who is actually a demonic spirit who masterminded the massacre in 1962 and may have done something similar on the Lorelei. Epps deduces that Ferriman lured the salvage team to the Graza to repair the sinking ship, and that the best way to fight him is to sink it. She sets explosives, but is confronted by Ferriman, who has killed the last of her crew. Ferriman describes himself as a salvager of souls; collecting souls is his job, which he says he earned by a lifetime of sin. He explains that since Katie was a child and never committed a true sin, he can\'t control her as he does with the evil ghosts. So long as the Antonia Graza remains afloat, he can continue to use it as a trap and keep his masters  satisfied. After a brief struggle, Epps detonates the explosives and sinks the Graza. Katie helps Epps escape the rapidly sinking ship. She is left in the debris as the souls trapped on the ship ascend to heaven; Katie stops to thank her. After drifting on the open sea for some time, Epps is found by a cruise ship and taken back to land. As she\'s loaded into an ambulance, she sees the battered crates of gold being loaded onto the cruise ship by Ferriman and the crew. He glares at her and carries on; she screams as the ambulance doors close.'] ["Cassandra once dreamt of her mother's death, only to have the dream come true in shockingly accurate detail. Now, several years later, the dreams return, each involving some of her friends from high school. In a desperate attempt to save them, she invites them all to a weekend getaway where she hopes to warn them of their fate and save their lives. However, death doesn't always stick to the plan as Cassie soon finds out. Her friends began to die in horrible and painful ways, but not the ways she dreamt of. As she learns, there have been some unexpected twists to her dreams and maybe what she had seen in slumber was the truth after all, maybe all she is seeing now is a nightmare she cannot escape."] ['The concept of the film is a Japanese game show where contestants try and survive in a vast arena against three "slashers". Those who survive receive a massive cash reward, those who fail die gory deaths at the hands of the slashers.'] ['Donald "Donny" Kohler is deeply disturbed individual who was emotionally and physically scarred by burns inflicted on him by his mother. As a child, whenever he did something she saw as "wicked", she would hold his bare arms over a gas stove in an effort to "burn the evil out of him". Due to this he developed a secret obsession with fire and human combustion. During his job at an incinerator, he observes a co-worker, Billy, catch on fire. Instead of going for help, he stares, mesmerized. When he returns home he finds his mother has died. While he is free from her possessiveness, the only life he has ever known is gone, and with it his chance for revenge against her. He sets out to avenge himself on every woman who bears a resemblance to his hateful parent with the aid of makeshift steel chains, a home-made flamethrower and a steel-paneled bedroom crematorium. One of his first victims is local florist Kathy Jordan . Befriending the harmless-looking man, Kathy escorts Donny back to his mother\'s house, where he knocks her unconscious, strips her completely naked, ties her up, and burns her to death with his flamethrower.'] ['In a 19th-century French boarding school for troubled girls, Headmistress Señora Fourneau  forbids her teenage son Luis  near any of the girls, finding none of them good enough for him. A series of murders begin taking place after the latest arrival of the a new student, Teresa  and Fourneau\'s assistant Irene . Fourneau investigates these deaths eventually leading her to the attic where she finds that Luis\' frustrated desires have forced psychotic urges to the surface, compelling him to stalk the hapless girls to acquire body parts in order to create his own "ideal woman". Luis then locks up his mother with his new creation so that his mother can get acquainted with her future "daughter-in-law".'] ['Vinny Durand  is a New York City taxi driver who is obsessed with the international cult actress Jana Bates , who is known as the "queen of horror films". Vinny returns home to his apartment where he lives with his mother , where he tells her that he\'s packing to go to the Cannes Film Festival in France hoping to meet Jana Bates and get her to star in his movie as his career start of being a film director. But his mother calls it just another one of his "crazy ideas." Vinny arrives in Cannes and tries to get to meet Jana several times, but is turned away. Jana is in Cannes to promote her latest horror film Scream where she has been nominated for Best Actress. Accompanying Jana is her manager and ex-husband Bret Bates , and the film\'s producer Alan Cunningham  who is her current beau. Vinny phones Bret to talk to Jana at her hotel room, but get hung up on. Shortly afterwards, Jana is at a press conference with Alan when she receives flowers and a note saying, "You\'ve made your last horror film." When she goes to see Bret at his hotel room, she finds him dead and runs away. But when she returns with Alan and the local police, the body is gone. Vinny continues following Jana around and filming her with his movie camera. Marty Bernestein  runs into Vinny and shrugs him off when Vinny asks him if he\'s willing promote his movie. Marty meets with the movie\'s director Stanley Kline ([[David Winters , and his personal assistant Susan Archer  where they reveal that all of them have received the same notes that Jana and Bret received. But when Marty takes his suspicious to the police, they think that Bret\'s disappearance is another publicity stunt. The next day, Marty gets a letter from Bret to meet him in a theater screening room. When Marty shows up, he is axed to death by a hooded figure. While Jana attends more press conferences, Vinny goes to a nightclub where he attacks a stripper after seeing her as Jana. He goes to a local cinema where he watches a gory horror film of Stanley Kline, and runs into him outside the theater. The following day, Susan tells Stanley that she wants to leave Cannes, but he convinces her to stay a while longer. That evening, both of them are killed by the hooded figure atop a building where Stanley is stabbed to death, and she falls off the building\'s ledge after getting shot. The killer has a movie camera and films all the deaths. Across town in Jana\'s hotel room, Vinny sneaks in with a bottle of champagne and surprises Jana as she\'s taking a shower. He asks her to appear in his movie, but she tells him to leave. Angered, Vinny breaks the bottle and threatens Jana with the bottle\'s jagged edge. When the doorbell rings, Jana pushes Vinny aside and escapes. Jana, clad only in her bathroom towel, runs screaming through the hotel lobby being chased by Vinny. The people in the lobby think it is another public stunt and applaud. Vinny, caught off guard, stops and smiles for them, allowing Jana to escape, who runs into Alan and a group of reporters outside the hotel. After explaining what happened, Alan tells Jana that he will take her away from the city. The next day, Alan drives Jana to a remote castle in the French countryside where a musician friend of his, named Jonathan, is staying. Vinny follows them. That evening, Vinny sneaks into the castle, but is chased away by Jana\'s bodyguards who accidentally kill Jonathan as he trying to stop Vinny. Alan and Jana return to Cannes for the awards ceremony where Vinny sneaks into the festivities dressed as a local policeman. While Jana waits in the back wing of the building, Vinny subdues Jana with chloroform and takes the unconscious actress away in his car back to the castle to film a scene there. Vinny films a scene with him playing Dracula and Jana as a victim. Suddenly in the climatic twist, Bret Bates shows up with another camera and a gun, and congratulates Vinny on setting everything up for him. Bret is revealed to be the killer and the mastermind behind this whole thing, not Vinny. Bret reveals that on the day when Vinny phoned him about his movie proposal, he realized that he had the perfect fall guy to set Vinny up for all the killings and to get even with Jana for leaving him. Vinny throws his cape over Bret, distracting him, and runs. But Bret grabs Jana and taunts Vinny to come out in the open. Outside, Vinny turns on a car\'s headlights, blinding Bret, and as Jana steps aside, Vinny attacks and decapitates Bret with a chainsaw. As Alan arrives with the police, Vinny stands before Bret\'s dead body and screams at this real killing, then... The image falls back to reveal that this whole story is a movie that Vinny filmed at the Cannes Film Festival with Jana Bates, and he is now back in New York showing it to his mother in a screening room. His mother tells Vinny that she\'s finally proud of him for directing and starring in his first movie. As Vinny starts to talk to his mother about ideas for his next movie, the old woman interrupts him to ask for a joint. Of interest to fans of the horror genre, this movie reunites Caroline Munro and Joe Spinell, the lead cast members from the movie Maniac.'] ["Love  is a prostitute looking to get out of the business, but unfortunately her last gig is for three psychotic cultists who've just escaped from a mental hospital and are trawling for victims. Director Sean Cain  pulls out all the stops in this macabre, character-driven nightmare, a gore-filled love letter to midnight movie fans everywhere."] ["A group of friends go on a vacation camping trip. Along the way, they pick up a hitchhiker named Ben, who invites them to his parents' campsite. When they arrive, Ben's father is in the process of setting up deadly traps to capture an Indian shaman that murdered two kids 15 years ago. As local superstitions have it that this shaman is a murderous demon summoned by the ancient Indians to watch over their burial ground and doesn't take too kindly to trespassing teenagers."] ["The plot involves a near invincible man, known only as Mikos, a dead Greek serial murderer, whose blood coagulates incredibly fast, but this gift has made him insanely homicidal. A priest pursues the killer and attempts to destroy him by impaling him on a set of railings which disembowel him, but he is revived later in a local hospital. The madman escapes after brutally killing a nurse and goes on a killing spree. The priest informs the hospital that the only way to kill Mikos is to 'destroy the cerebral mass'. While attacking a motorcyclist after escaping from the hospital, Mikos is struck by a hit-and-run driver. The driver of the car, Dr. Bennett and his wife are going to a friends house to watch a football game, leaving their two children at home with a babysitter. Their daughter Katia, is confined to her bed because of a problem with her spine, while her younger brother believes that the 'Bogeyman' will come to get him. Mikos makes his way to the Bennetts' home and begins to murder everyone there. Peggy, a family helper is stabbed in the head with a pickaxe and the babysitter Emily has her head forced into a lit oven, causing her face to blister and turning purple, but not before sending the brother off to get help. Katia struggles from her bed to take on the killer herself. Mikos breaks into Katia's bedroom and attacks her, but she manages to stab him in the eye with a set of drawing compasses. She then stumbles down the hallway as the blinded killer staggers after her. He stalks her through the house and Katia manages to elude him. The priest arrives and struggles with Mikos, and Katia grabs an axe from a suit of armor and decapitates Mikos. The family arrives home to discover Katia standing in the front doorway, covered in blood holding Mikos's severed head."] ['How to Be a Serial Killer is the story of Mike Wilson, a charismatic, educated, and articulate young man who has found his life\'s purpose in exterminating people. Mike is determined to spread his message about the joy of serial murder and recruits a lost soul named Bart to be his pupil. Mike leads Bart through the "ethics" of murder as well as teaching him various lessons in disposing of corpses, balancing work and play, methods of killing, and many more. Mike and Bart\'s curriculum is interrupted when Mike\'s girlfriend discovers what\'s beneath her boyfriend\'s charming exterior and Mike and Bart must kill their way out of being discovered by the cops. The film is based upon the 1990 Belgian mockumentary Man Bites Dog.'] ['The film follows three friends, Nina , Michael  and David , as they travel to the Black Forest of Germany. While there, the trio are attacked by a family of deformed mountain people who murder and cannibalize anyone who ventures into their secluded territory.Review and Critic by DevilDead'] ["On Christmas Day, a young boy named Devin Merriman is institutionalized after being found covered in blood and clutching a knife, having apparently murdered his father and the housekeeper after walking in on the two of them having sex. Fifteen years later, Devin escapes, just as a figure in a red mask begins committing a series of seemingly random murders, the victims including two teenagers, an orderly, and a pair of police officers. After a Christmas Eve play headed by Devin's sisters, Taylor and Noel, is finished at the community centre, Noel's boyfriend Steve is killed. The next morning, the Merriman sisters receive a call from their mother, who demands they come to the community centre. Concerned with their mother's odd behavior as of late, the girls call the police before heading out. Arriving at the centre first is Detective Hughes, who is confronted and stabbed by the hysterical Mrs. Merriman. When Taylor and Noel arrive, they find the bodies of all the recent victims seated at a table in a mockery of The Last Supper, and their mother and Devin, the latter claiming that Mrs. Merriman is the killer of their father and everyone else, and that she framed him due to being a misandrist; the girls at first refuse to believe Devin, until they notice the blood coating their mother's arms. When Mrs. Merriman pulls out a knife, Devin disarms her, but she manages to grab Detective Hughes's dropped gun. Before Mrs. Merriman can fire it, Taylor wrestles the gun away from her, and shoots her in the head when she charges forward."] ['College student James  arrives from New Orleans at a desert ranch owned by his father, Hezekiah  to help out. Soon after arriving, James is hit on by Hezekiah\'s wife, Cheryl , and starts having nightmares. James and Cheryl are caught by Hezekiah having sex, Cheryl and Hezekiah have a fight, then she leaves the ranch that night. Hezekiah drives into town and picks up another woman, Alisha , who also quickly falls for James then disappears. Cheryl staggers into Hezekiah\'s "studio" , and dies in front of James. He takes her into the house, where he finds his father crying over Alisha\'s dead body. James calls a care facility because he thinks his dad has gone crazy. They send out a nurse, Patty , who handcuffs Hezekiah to his bed so that the next time somebody gets killed, he can be eliminated as a suspect. In the few days of waiting for the next victim to show up, Patty and James decide to while away the time by having sex. James reveals to Patty that he went to a witch doctor  back in New Orleans to help him with attracting females but was misled; his penis can now detach itself from his body and kill people. A side story involves a sexually confused local mechanic  and his probably intentional delay in fixing James\'s car, in order to seduce him.'] ['Emma is a young musician who has been blind for 20 years. New surgery techniques restore her vision but initially cause "vision flashes" that leave her uncertain about what she sees. One night, she is awakened by a noise in the apartment above. Peeking out her door, she "sees" a figure descending the stairs. She contacts the police, worried that her neighbor has been murdered, but is unsure if it was just her new vision deceiving her. The killer then begins to stalk Emma.'] ["In 2005, Donna Keppel  returns home to find her father and brother dead. She hides under the bed as Richard Fenton , her former teacher who is obsessed with her, kills her mother in front of her. Three years later, she has been in therapy and she tells her therapist  about the recurring dream of that night. Donna is now living with her Aunt Karen  and Uncle Jack , and is about to graduate from high school. She and her friends are getting ready to attend their senior prom that night. While at the salon with her friends, she thinks she sees Fenton watching her from across the street, but when a bus passes, he is gone. Donna's boyfriend, Bobby , arrives at her house, along with her friends Lisa , Claire , and their boyfriends, Ronnie  and Michael . At the town's police station, Detective Winn , who imprisoned Fenton three years ago, learns that Fenton has escaped from prison and warns Donna's aunt and uncle. At the prom, Fenton arrives at the hotel disguised as a man named Mr. Ramsey, and takes a room on Donna's floor and kills the housekeeper to get the master key. On the dance floor, Claire has a fight with her boyfriend Michael and goes up to her room with Donna to calm down. After Donna leaves, Claire is alone and hears noises. She then sees Fenton, who proceeds to take Claire into a room, to stab her and kill her. Detective Winn arrives and warns the hotel staff to be on the alert. Fenton kills a hotel employee looking for the maid and takes his uniform. When Claire does not return, Michael goes upstairs to see her. Fenton hides in the room's closet, but Michael sees him shut the closet door. Michael opens the closet, expecting to see Claire, and is jumped by Fenton. Fenton brutally stabs and kills Michael. Lisa and Ronnie head up to the room, Lisa bumps into Fenton in the elevator. While making out Lisa realizes that it was Fenton and runs off to warn Donna, but after taking the stairs she is caught by Fenton. She is chased down to the basement of the hotel where construction is taking place and she hides herself from Fenton, while getting chased by Fenton, Lisa hides and is able to see her boyfriend looking for her. As she is about to go to him, Fenton blocks her. Lisa leaves her spot and makes a run for it but is caught and killed by Fenton. Winn and his assistant Nash  find the body of a man named Mr. Ramsey in a car in the hotel parking lot. Winn goes up to the room and finds the housekeeper's body. Knowing for sure that Fenton is in the building under the name Ramsey, Winn sounds the emergency alarm and has the entire hotel evacuated. Donna goes back to the room to retrieve her mother's shawl and runs into Fenton and is attacked by him. Realizing Donna is still inside Winn races back up to the room. Donna escapes Fenton. SWAT and police search the hotel, but find no sign of Fenton. Winn discovers the body of the employee Fenton killed earlier. Winn realizes Fenton left the hotel in the employee's uniform. Winn now races back to Donna's house and finds Detective Nash dead in his squad car. Inside Donna goes to the bathroom and returns to find Bobby's throat has been slit. She sees a shadow out in the hall and she hides in her closet, thinking the shadow is Fenton's. The person in the hall is reavealed to be Detective Winn and Fenton grabs Donna in the closet. Winn is about to open the closet but then hears a scream from Donna's aunt, from noticing the dead officer on the ground outside so Winn runs to her bedroom. Donna bites Fenton on the hand and tries to escape out of the closet but trips on the floor. Fenton tries to hold her down but Donna continues to struggle and kick him. When Fenton is about to stab Donna, Winn runs in and shoots Fenton several times, killing him. Donna cries over Bobby's dead body and Winn tells her it is over."] ["Five years have passed since Freddy Krueger was seemingly defeated. A new family, the Walshes, have moved into the former home of Nancy Thompson. The son, Jesse, happens to move into Nancy's old room. He eventually begins to have nightmares of Krueger demanding that Jesse kill for him using Jesse as a host body to come back to life in the real world. Jesse's girlfriend, Lisa, finds Nancy's old diary in Jesse's closet in which she had been keeping track of her nightmares and her encounters with Freddy. Reading the diary strikes a chord with Jesse as he is experiencing similar nightmares himself. He goes to his parents in a panic, but they argue and Jesse storms out. Jesse later finds himself walking the streets late at night and walks into a bar where he runs into his gym coach. His coach takes him back to the gym to run laps as detention. The coach has Jesse hit the showers while he goes back to his office. While he is in his office, the shelves begin to come alive, hurling balls and other sports equipment at him. Two ropes grab him by the wrists and drag him into the shower that begins to fill with steam. Freddy appears among the steam and slashes the coach's back, killing him. As the steam clears, Jesse is the one with the glove on his hand, Jesse screams and the scene passes onto Jesse's house. Lisa begins to do some digging and uncovers information about Krueger, including the location of the abandoned power plant where he used to work, and where he brought his victims. Meanwhile, Freddy visits Jesse's younger sister, Angela, but when she wakes up, it's actually Jesse standing there with the glove on his hand. Jesse enlists his classmate, Ron Grady, to watch over him while he sleeps. Once Jesse falls asleep, Grady turns out the lights for himself. As soon as Grady is asleep, Jesse awakens and begins to scream in pain as Krueger begins to claw his way out of him. With the door jammed, Grady is helpless against Krueger, who stabs him to his door and slashes down the inside of his torso, gruesomely killing him. When Krueger looks in the mirror it turns out to be Jesse, with Krueger staring back at him from the mirror. Jesse runs to Lisa's house where she is having a pool party. However, Freddy takes control of Jesse once again and attacks Lisa. Lisa is able to fight off Freddy, who runs from the house and out to the party. Some party guests try to take Freddy down, but are killed immediately. With all the guests cornered against the back fence, he stabs one and throws him through a barbecue. After Lisa saves him from being shot by her father, he vanishes into a fiery ball. Lisa runs to the old power plant, thinking she might save Jesse there. She finds him and tells him that she loves him and that he can fight from the inside. She then removes Freddy's hat and kisses him. Freddy begins to lose control. As the power plant begins to burn to the ground, Freddy himself starts burning. After he dies, the rest of the power plant suddenly extinguishes. Just when Lisa thinks it is all over, Freddy's burnt corpse begins to move and Jesse crawls out of Freddy's ashes. The following Monday, Jesse goes back to school. He climbs the bus, finally relieved that it is all over. When the bus begins traveling too fast, Jesse panics and jumps up, only to find out there is nothing wrong; the bus is coming to its regular stop. As he and Lisa rest at ease, Freddy's hand impales through their friend Kerry's chest, killing her, while Jesse and Lisa scream in horror and the bus speeds off the main road and into the open land, just like Jesse's nightmare at the beginning of the film, as Freddy's evil laugh is heard in the background."] ['The film is set in Paterson, New Jersey in the early 1960s. Catherine Spages ([[Linda Miller  is visiting Father Tom  with her two daughters, who both attend St. Michael\'s Parish Girls\' School: 9-year-old Karen  and 12-year-old Alice . Karen is preparing for her First Communion and Father Tom gives her his mother\'s crucifix as a gift. A jealous Alice puts on a creepy, translucent grinning mask, frightening Mrs. Tredoni , Father Tom\'s housekeeper. Later, Alice steals Karen\'s porcelain doll and lures her into an abandoned building with it. She jumps out and scares Karen with the grinning mask and locks her in a room. When she lets her out she tells her that if anyone finds out, she\'ll never see the doll again. On the day of the First Communion, Karen is attacked and strangled to death, by a person in a translucent mask and yellow raincoat, in a back room as the children enter the front of the church. Her body is dragged away by her right arm and dumped into a bench compartment, which is set on fire with a candle, but not before ripping the crucifix from her neck. Smoke begins to fill the church. Meanwhile, Alice enters the church, carrying her shiny yellow raincoat. She kneels in Karen\'s place to receive communion when a scream is heard. A curious nun had entered the back room where the confessionals are located, and found Karen\'s body. People run in, horrified. Catherine is inconsolable. After Karen\'s funeral, Catherine\'s ex-husband Dominick "Dom" Spages  arrives in town to help track down the killer. Catherine\'s sister, Annie DeLorenze , moves in to help Catherine through her grief, but it is soon evident that Alice and Annie despise each other. Catherine tells Alice to deliver a rent cheque to their landlord, Mr. Alphonso . After he fondles and tries to molest her, Alice kills one of his many cats and goes down to the basement, where she lights a candle and puts on her grinning mask. Descending the stairs to go shopping, Annie is viciously attacked; a raincoated figure in a grinning mask stabs her in the knee, foot, and thigh. At the hospital, Annie cries to her husband Jim  that Alice tried to kill her. Catherine says that Annie is only accusing Alice of murdering Karen to divert attention from her own daughter Angela , who was absent at the time of the murder, but Alice is sent to a mental institution for evaluation. At the hospital with Father Tom, Dom receives a phone call from Angela saying that she has Karen\'s crucifix and is in hiding. They agree to meet at an abandoned building. Dom follows the killer inside and up the stairs where the killer stabs him in the shoulder and he is knocked out by a brick and tied up. Dom awakens and sees that the killer is in fact Mrs. Tredoni. She killed Karen because she believes that "children pay for the sins of the parents." She reveals that she stabbed Annie by mistake, thinking it was Catherine, whom she considers a whore. She calls Dom and Catherine sinners because they had premarital sex. After Dom bites the crucifix off her neck, Mrs. Tredoni beats him with a rock and pushes him out of the window. After a pathologist , analyzes Dom\'s corpse, the crucifix is found and Alice is released. When Catherine and Alice go to church Mrs. Tredoni sneaks into the apartment building. As Mrs. Tredoni bangs on his apartment door, Mr. Alphonso wakes up screaming . He spots Mrs. Tredoni and mistakes her for Alice. She stabs him twice and runs downstairs. However, a policeman witnesses her running out of the back entrance without the mask on. Mrs. Tredoni goes to church, where the police are stationed outside. Father Tom denies her communion. Mrs. Tredoni points at Catherine, screams that he gave communion to a whore, and violently stabs Father Tom in the neck as the police rush in. The final shot features Alice walking out of the church with Mrs. Tredoni\'s shopping bag, looking at the bloodstained butcher knife, and glaring at the camera.'] ['Frustrated thriller writer Edmond Bancroft  owns a private "black museum" of torture instruments. He hypnotizes his assistant Rick  to commit increasingly horrific crimes for Bancroft to write about.'] ["After botching a kidnapping, two criminals hide with their victim in a friends house in the jungle. After one of them rapes the friend's wife, they're left to be eaten by a nearby cannibal tribe."] ["In 1944, soon after the Soviet Red Army had liberated Lithuania from the Nazi forces, the Nazis launch a counter-assault. During this time, a family from an aristocratic background, consisting of eight-year-old Hannibal Lecter, his younger sister, Mischa, and their parents, quickly escape to the family's hunting lodge. After the Nazis take over at Lecter Castle, six Lithuanian militiamen, who want to join the Waffen-SS, are told to prove their worth. Grutas orders them to kill the Lecters' Jewish cook. They also threaten another servant of the Lecter household, asking him if he was a Gypsy or a Jew. As this happens, the Soviet Red Army begins launching attacks to retake the area. A Soviet tank crew stops at the Lecters' lodge, telling the Lecters to leave the house while they get some water. The Soviet soldiers allow Hannibal and Mischa to stay within the lodge, where it is warmer. The Soviet tank is then spotted by a German Stuka bomber, which sparks a firefight. The bomber is shot down by the tank, but subsequently crashes into it, and the ensuing explosion kills everyone still alive, except Hannibal and Mischa, who had remained inside the lodge. The Lithuanian militiamen then loot Lecter Castle as the Soviet Red Army draws nearer. The Soviet advance forces the Nazi militiamen to hide out in the woods, where they locate the Lecter lodge. Finding no other food in the bitterly cold Baltic winter, they murder and cannibalize Mischa in front of her brother, who escapes and is found by Soviet soldiers. Eight years later, Lecter once again lives in Lecter Castle, which has been turned into a Soviet-run orphanage. He has been rendered mute by his childhood trauma. Lecter escapes the castle orphanage, gets through border controls, and goes to live in Paris with his aunt, the Lady Murasaki. She gets him to speak and begins teaching him the arts of flower arrangement, martial arts, and ancestor worship. At a local market, a butcher and former Vichy collaborator, makes anti-Japanese racist remarks about Lady Murasaki. The butcher later goes fishing and is defiant when Lecter turns up to request an apology. Lecter slices the butcher's stomach, arm, and back with a katana samurai sword, and then decapitates him.  That same evening, he is questioned about the butcher's murder by Inspector Popil, a French detective who also lost his family during the war. While her protege is being interrogated, Lady Murasaki places the butcher's head outside the headquarters with a Swastika carved into his forehead. Lecter soon becomes the youngest person ever admitted to medical school in France. He receives a working scholarship, where he is given a job preparing cadavers. One day, Lecter witnesses a condemned war criminal receiving a sodium thiopental injection to force him to recall details about his crimes. In an attempt to recall the names of those responsible for his sister's death, Lecter injects himself with the solution while listening to Glenn Gould's recording of the Goldberg Variations. His subsequent flashback reveals that Pot Watcher had the dog tags of the other men who killed Mischa, and was then killed as the advancing Soviet forces bombed a part of the lodge. Lecter reasons that the dog tags should still be in the ruins of the lodge. Lecter returns to Lithuania in search of the dog tags, as well as his sister's remains. While crossing the Soviet border, he draws the attention of Dortlich, who is now a Soviet border patrol officer. Lecter excavates the ruins of the lodge and unearths the dog tags of the deserters who murdered his sister. Dortlich tries to kill him, but Lecter gets the upper hand and incapacitates him. After he buries Mischa's remains, Lecter tortures Dortlich into revealing the whereabouts of his accomplices. He then decapitates Dortlich with a horse-drawn pulley. At a restaurant in Fontainebleau, Lecter finds Kolnas's young daughter, whom he notices is wearing Mischa's bracelet. He then gives her Kolnas's dog tag. Kolnas enters the restaurant, but Lady Murasaki persuades Lecter not to kill him, for the sake of Kolnas's children. Dortlich's murder, along with Kolnas' dog tag, puts the rest of the group on alert. Grutas, now a sex trafficker, dispatches a second member of the group, Zigmas Milko, to kill Lecter. Milko sneaks into Lecter's laboratory at night with a gun, but Lecter senses his presence and knocks him out with an injection. Just as detective Popil is entering the lab, Lecter locks Milko in the cadaver tank and leaves him to drown in the embalming fluid. Popil questions Lecter about Dortlich's murder, but is again unable to establish Lecter's guilt. Popil then tries to dissuade him from hunting the gang and offers to let him go free if he helps locate Grutas. After Lecter leaves, Popil remarks to his assistant that Lecter lost all of his humanity when Mischa died. Lady Murasaki begs him to stop, but Lecter says that he made a promise to Mischa. He plants a time bomb in Grutas' home and attacks him in the bath. A maid alerts Grutas' bodyguards, but just as they are about to kill him, Lecter's bomb goes off and he escapes. Grutas kidnaps Lady Murasaki to use her as bait. Lecter recognizes the sounds of Kolnas' ortolans from his restaurant in the background. Lecter goes there and threatens Kolnas' children, forcing him to give up the location of Grutas' boat. Lecter then says he will leave Kolnas alone for the sake of his family. Kolnas goes for the gun anyway, so Lecter impales him through the head with his tantō. Lecter goes to the houseboat. Just as he is about to untie Lady Murasaki, Grutas shoots him in the back. Grutas then proceeds to molest Lady Murasaki. Lecter takes out the tantō, which was broken by the force of the bullet, and slashes Grutas' Achilles tendons with it, crippling him. Grutas claims that Lecter too had consumed his sister in broth fed to him by the deserters, and he was killing them to keep this fact secret. An enraged Lecter carves his sister's initial, M, into Grutas's chest. Lady Murasaki flees in horror. Lecter proceeds by biting off Grutas' cheeks. The houseboat is then incinerated, but Lecter, assumed to be dead, emerges from the nearby woods on the shore. Lecter hunts down the last member of the group, Grentz, in Canada. After killing him, Lecter moves to the United States to begin a new life, having been accepted to Johns Hopkins Medical School in Baltimore."] ["In the medival era, a witch named Mamba is tortured and skinned alive in punishment for her crimes. Her skin and organs are then used to make a cursed game. If a player wins the game they are granted a wish, however if a player loses the game they are killed in a fashion predicted by the game. Present day, Jason , while shopping with his friend Tomas  and Tomas' girlfriend Lisa , acquires the board game from a handicapped shop owner called Malek . The three friends travel back to Tomas' beachfront house, and at night a party occurs on the beach. Jason meets Erica , before it begins to rain, causing most of the partiers to leave, leaving behind only Jason, Erica, Tomas, Lisa, Elena , Miguel  and Pablo . Erica suggests that the group should play the game, to which they all agree. However, Pablo is soon eliminated and takes Tomas' car to go to the shop and get beer. On his travel, Pablo stops to urinate, but falls over the edge of a cliff. He survives the fall, but is barely alive. A group of crabs then attack Pablo, gouging out his eyes and killing him. Meanwhile, Miguel, Lisa, Elena and Tomas also lose the game, before Detective Izar  arrives and alerts the group of Pablo's death, cutting the game short. The group attend Pablo's funeral, where Erica realizes his death mirrors the games prediction. Soon after, Tomas, Lisa and Miguel travel to a wood-cutting factory, that belongs to Miguel's family but is currently empty, to have a photo shoot. While Lisa models, she feels unwell and stops the photo shoot and leaves with Tomas. After their departure, Miguel is attacked by snakes. He attempts to climb a stack of logs, but a snake bites him and he falls into a large group of snakes that kill him with their venomous bites. Meanwhile, Jason and Erica start up a romance. While they are in Jason's car they witness ghostly versions of Pablo and Miguel, before they receive a call from Tomas telling them of Miguel's death. Jason and Erica meet Tomas, Lisa and Elena at Tomas' apartment where they tell the others they suspect the group are dying because of the game. Tomas, Lisa and Elena remain skeptical to the idea however. After Jason, Erica and Elena have left, Lisa becomes more ill. Tomas tends to her, before the pair go to bed. The following morning, Lisa has aged significantly into an old woman and is rushed to hospital. Jason, Erica and Elena arrive at the hospital and tell Detective Izar their theory about the game. They then go in to see Lisa. Elena becomes distraught at her appearance and about her friends deaths, leaving despite Tomas' attempts to get her to stay. Lisa soon dies, prompting Jason, Erica and Tomas to seek answers from Malek. They find Malek at his home where he is no longer handicapped. He explains to them that he won the game and wished to no longer be handicapped. Meanwhile, Elena is traveling home to Milan in her car when she is involved in a car accident. Her car leaks gas, and a broken electrical wire ignites it, burning Elena to death. Jason, Erica and Tomas go to Jason's house where they find Detective Izar looking for the game. Jason and Erica escape with it, but Tomas is caught by the Detective, who puts him in the trunk of his car. Later, Jason receives a call from the Detective demanding the game in return for Tomas, but Tomas attempts to escape and the Detective shoots him dead. At Tomas' beachfront house, Jason and Erica decide to play the game in hope that they can win and wish for it to be a week in the past, so their friends would be alive. Erica is eliminated, and realizes her death will involve the sea. Jason wins the game, and will get his wish as long as he passes the game onto another person. Jason and Erica go to bed, but Erica discovers she must die for Jason to get his wish, so she enters the sea. Jason wakes up and rushes out to save her, but Detective Izar shows up and takes the game away and leaves. Erica then emerges from the sea and reveals herself to be Mamba, granting Jason his wish. However, Jason and his friends then become trapped, forced to relive the week again and again."] ['In a brief prologue set in 1947, Elizabeth Short  is murdered by an unseen assailant. In present-day Los Angeles, a "copycat" serial killer is dumping partially mutilated female bodies in an emulation of Elizabeth Short\'s murderer. Women answering an ad for a movie audition are systematically killed by Satan worshippers. One of the cops becomes obsessed with the story of Elizabeth Short, looks up the original 40s murder online, and dreams about it. Eventually, he comes face-to-face with the killers.Ulli Lommel\'s Black Dahlia amazon.com synopsis The film showcases four violent death sequences. The actresses whose characters are brutally killed are, in order of appearance, Lorielle New, Laura Leigh Hofrichter , Crystal Nelson, and Jana Laurin.'] ["Cynthia is traumatized by the death of her child after leaving him in a bathtub and accidentally drowning her baby. She and five of her friends, Jeff, Rob, Lynn, Paul and Terri decide to go on a vacation. They take a plane somewhere, but are plagued by engine troubles and are forced to land the plane on a lonely deserted island. The six set camp and the next morning, Paul stays at the camp while the others set off to find help. They come upon a large cottage nestled in the woods. After entering the cottage and fooling around a bit, they meet the owners, an elderly married couple going by the simple names of Ma and Pa. The group of friends are welcomed to spend the night. At dinner, Lynn starts smoking and Pa scolds her and demands her to smoke outside. Later, Lynn and Cynthia discover Ma and Pa have a child, Fanny, who looks more like a middle-aged woman but claims she is 12. That night, Ma and Pa throw more strict rules in, no cussing  and they force the girls and boys apart, preventing premarital sex. The night passes by and the next morning, Rob goes for a walk and finds Fanny pushing her brother, Woody on a crudely-crafted swing. Rob is invited to swing and agrees, only for Woody to climb to the top and chop the rope, sending Rob down the rocky cliff below to his death. The group finds out about Rob's death and mourn his loss. Later, Lynn and Cynthia are outside and Lynn talks about how this family is a bunch of freaks and Fanny overhears... Cynthia see this after Lynn leaves and consoles Fanny and reluctantly agrees to play games with Fanny. Fanny shows Cynthia her baby, thought to be just a doll, but it turns out to be the remains of an infant. Cynthia meets another brother Teddy who Fanny explains Cynthia is her friend. Meanwhile, Lynn stumbles upon Woody, Teddy, and Fanny playing jump rope in the woods. After Lynn insults them, she is attacked and presumably killed by the three. Cynthia tells Jeff about the mummified infant. Jeff tries to console Cynthia and they kiss. Fanny, who wants Jeff to herself, sees and becomes jealous. She confronts the two and kills Jeff by stabbing him in the eye with a sword on a knight statue. Cynthia explains her fear to Ma, but Ma attacks her saying they are all wicked people. Cynthia flees and Ma finishes Jeff off with her sewing needles. Cynthia runs into the woods, finding Lynn's corpse hanging from a tree and a frightened Terri. Cynthia explains everything to Terri and learns that Paul and the plane are missing. Woody and Teddy find the girls and chase them into the woods. Terri and Cynthia find Fanny, and Terri reveals a gun and holds Fanny at gunpoint, forcing her to help them get off the island. They show Fanny to Ma and Pa and demand their help to get off the island. To save his daughter, Pa tells the girls where a boat is. He leads them to a dinky fisherman's boat, where Paul's corpse is lying, an axe buried in his skull. Cynthia and Terri flee and Teddy and Woody light Paul's body on fire. Night comes and Terri and Cynthia spend the night in a hollow tree. Terri and Cynthia run back to the cottage to find a radio, but are attacked by Woody and Teddy. Teddy pursues Terri into the woods and Fanny toys with Cynthia. Terri is caught by Teddy and has her neck snapped. Teddy rapes Terri's corpse, Woody tattletales and Teddy gets a beating as Cynthia watches in horror. Cynthia eventually breaks down and pretends to be one of the family, celebrating Fanny's birthday and dressing in a pink gown to match Fanny. However, the flashbacks of her baby drowning get to her; she goes mad, bludgeoning Fanny to death with a metal washtub. She then murders Woody with the sword. She then confronts Ma and stabs her to death with her sewing needles. She finds Teddy and stabs him with a sickle. Pa discovers his family dead and goes outside only to be shot by his own shotgun by Cynthia who has taken revenge and killed the demented family. The film ends as Cynthia goes upstairs, sits in Fanny's room and slowly begins rocking the cradle, singing a soft lullaby."] ['The film is about an extremely sadistic and patriotic American soldier named Sam Harper who is killed by friendly fire in Kuwait during Desert Storm. He is brought back to life on the Fourth of July, as Uncle Sam. He then proceeds to wreak havoc on the unsuspecting, yet unpatriotic citizens of his hometown.'] ["Siblings, Eric  and his surreal abstract artist sister Kay , her doctor husband David , her sister-in-law Brooke  along with pilot Marsh  become stranded on a rugged isle. For thirty-something Kay her current situation is her worst fears realised, for she's been troubled since her childhood by recurring prophetic nightmares in which she is stalked and slain in a burning room by figure known as The Slayer. Now it seems this place may be in fact its dwelling and she's sure somehow that this so-called entity is lurking close by, biding its time until nightfull, where it will be drawn to Kay who  dreams of its killings. But, then again, what's real or make believe? Not everything is what it seems in this place."] ["For the past 33 years Jeremiah Hill has lived alone, with no contact with the outside world, and he intends to keep it that way. Jeremiah's mother  had always warned him not to associate with the outside world, and her brutal rape and killing right before his eyes taught him a lesson he intends never to forget; and those who enter his world will pay a deadly price. As Lehman  and his five friends from Los Angeles start their weekend camping trip they run into Tyler Trout  and Floyd Fryed  who represent the gateway into this distorted world that they are about to enter. These things just don't happen in the small mountain town of Sheriff Talmidge  and Deputy Kevin Gordon . By stumbling upon this lonely cabin in the woods, the men have shattered 33 years of solitude in Jeremiah's world. Soon their weekend trip of hiking and camping will become a nightmare of survival."] ["{{Plot}} It's the night before Halloween. A gay couple out on a date are making out in a car when a bare-chested killer in a devil mask suddenly appears and decapitates them with a sickle. The next day, Halloween, finds Eddie  at his job as a police technician talking with his police officer sister. He's asked to distribute flyers about the murders in heavily gay-populated West Hollywood. He dresses in his father's old police uniform for a Halloween costume. While distributing the flyers he meets Jake , who rides a motorcycle, in a tattoo shop. Eddie meets up with his roommates, Chaz , Joey  and Tobey  and they head for the West Hollywood Halloween Carnival. Chaz insists they visit the murder scene and, as they walk through the woods, the devil-masked killer appears. They think he's cruising them and they taunt him. At the Carnival, Eddie spots Jake going into a bar called the Meat Locker and his group goes in as well. Inside, Joey sees Jared, who he's had a crush on for weeks, and offers his phone number but is dismissed. Crestfallen, Joey goes to the restroom with Chaz. Chaz consoles him then goes to wait for him outside. Jared catches up with Joey in the restroom and apologizes. They kiss and Jared leaves. A few moments later, the killer emerges from a stall and decapitates Joey, taking his head as a trophy. Chaz meets back up with Eddie, Jake and Tobey. Eddie and Jake head back to the Meat Locker. Chaz goes into another club. There the killer catches up with him on the dance floor, slashing his torso and removing his head while the crowd dances on, oblivious. Tobey, drunk and angry that no one's hitting on him while he's in his Halloween drag, spots the killer, who's still carrying Joey and Chaz's heads in trick or treat bags. Tobey pursues the killer, who also dismisses him. Tobey tosses his driver's license at the killer, who picks it up. When Tobey partially removes his drag, the killer returns and collects his head. Eddie and Jake arrive back at the Meat Locker but it's been closed following the discovery of Joey's body . Jake hops a fence to retrieve his motorcycle. Eddie goes after him but Jake's circled around and is back outside. Suddenly the killer appears behind Eddie and swings his sickle, but misses. Jake starts to scale the fence but the killer forces him back. Eddie runs and the killer follows. Eddie locks himself in a small enclosure. The killer strikes at him again and the tip of his blade scrapes Eddie's eye. Jake arrives with a cop and the killer takes off. Eddie and Jake give their statements at police headquarters and Jake learns that Eddie's eye is artificial. They go back to Eddie's place and start having sex, although Jake will not let Eddie kiss him. Jake finds Tobey's license on the floor of Eddie's room with blood on it, but does not understand the significance. Jake handcuffs Eddie to his bed and goes in search of condoms. As he's returning, the killer stabs him and leaves him for dead. Eddie hears the struggle and calls out. As the killer approaches and Eddie struggles with the cuffs, Jake hits the killer from behind with a baseball bat. Eddie slips a hand out of the cuffs, tends to Jake's wound and heads off to call an ambulance, but the killer revives and disables the phone. Eddie runs to the kitchen. He finds a knife but also finds the heads of Joey, Chaz and Tobey. The killer attacks again. Eddie evades him and retreats to his bedroom. As the killer chops at the door, Eddie retrieves his father's gun and some bullets. He gets Jake out onto the fire escape and loads the gun. The killer attacks Eddie yet again, this time sucking Eddie's artificial eye right out of his head and knocking him over a railing. With Eddie dangling from the fire escape the killer returns to Jake. Eddie retrieves the gun and fires, first hitting Jake and then hitting the killer square in the forehead. As they wait for help to arrive Jake at last kisses Eddie. Jake is packed off to the hospital and Eddie promises to be there when he wakes up. Eddie's sister gloats over the fallen killer, but Eddie realizes that he's still alive. In the final moment, the killer opens his eyes and bares his teeth, disclosing that he still has Eddie's artificial eye clenched in his jaws."] ['The film begins with Nick West lighting a cigarette in the dark and introducing himself to some unknown audience. He proceeds to recount the events he allegedly witnessed, claiming to be a "victim". It is implied that the whole story is told exclusively through his point of view. Nick brings the easy and filthy Sammy to the abandoned Blackwater Asylum for using acid and having sex. They find a weird chair and Nick proposes kinky sex to Sammy; however the device traps and kills Sammy. Nick is arrested and considered insane, being sentenced to the Hildon Mental Institute in spite of claiming that supernatural forces killed Sammy. Four years later, the honorable Cambridge professor Dr. Willard proposes Nick\'s psychiatrist, Dr. Clairebourne , release him under his custody for an experimental treatment: exposing the truth to Nick bringing him back to the crime scene. Dr. Clairebourne opposes, explaining that Nick still has severe delusions, but in the end she accepts. Nick is introduced to Dr. Willard, who expresses his desire to write a book about West and his experiences. With Dr. Willard assuming full responsibility for Nick, Dr. Willard, his assistant, Melissa, and the students Rachel Fowles and Brett Wilson, head with Nick to the Blackwater Asylum. West begins to feel uneasy when the group enter the asylum, but sympathetic Rachel tells him that he can leave tomorrow morning if he wants to, promising she won\'t tell the doctor. The group find the infamous chair. Dr. Willard tells that the asylum warden was known to practice highly controversial methods of treatment. The night nears, and Dr. Willard tells everyone to go to sleep to have a fresh start tomorrow. In private, he confesses to Nick that the book he wants to write isn\'t actually about Nick, but about the chair. He admits to believing that Nick\'s "hallucinations" were actually real events. Willard shows him the warden\'s journal, from which he learned about the chair: it was used to test the warden\'s theory about the existence of human soul. Nick becomes seemingly disturbed, as he says he actually came to believe he killed Sammy, but now isn\'t sure anymore. As Nick is trying to sleep, he is approached by Rachel, who wants to prove to him that there is nothing supernatural about the chair. As she sits on it, she accidentally triggers the chair\'s controls and disappears. She is shown to have been transported into a dark building, where she is hunted by a demonic creature. Melissa persuades skeptical Brett into sitting in the chair, after which she triggers it, sending Brett into the same place as Rachel. Nick then willingly uses the chair to transport himself, believing he can save Rachel. The doctor and Melissa are shown to have plotted this all along. The events unfold quickly as Willard betrays Melissa, forcing her into the chair, then transports himself. The group then reunites as Rachel struggles against the creature; with the rest of the group incapacitated, the doctor subdues Nick and chants incantations, hoping to turn the beast to his side; however, Nick fights him off and, smiling, says that it is he who controls the Demon. In a plot twist, it is revealed that the chair itself and the demonic forces were just a product of Nick\'s imagination. It then becomes evident that Nick assaulted the students and the doctor in the asylum, killing Brett. He then proceeds to rape Rachel and kill the doctor and Melissa. Lastly, he kills Rachel who tried to escape. After the massacre, a bloodied Nick gets into the car and chats with a woman who looks like Rachel sitting inside, asking her if she minds driving off with a "crazy person". She smiles and kisses him. However, the scene is then revealed to be another of Nick\'s hallucinations and he is then seen driving away from the asylum alone.'] ['The movie is about a teenage girl who loves horror movies she watches them all the time, yet is never frightened. Despite never being frightened, she begins to sleepwalk out of her house, resulting in her parents getting angry. They forbid her to watch anymore horror movies in an attempt to prevent her sleepwalking, however there\'s a new movie called "The Wisher" out which is a huge hit with all her friends. Her father tells her she\'s not allowed to see it, but she sneaks out anyways. Before she leaves, she says "I wish he would just go away" and goes and sees the movie. Surprisingly, a scene in the movie is too much for her and she leaves. Her dad goes after her but then dies unexpectedly in a car accident. She then notices one of the characters in the movie following her around and whenever she makes a wish for something bad the wisher grants it.'] 