['Richard and Philippe live hand to mouth, backing up a gang of Romanian pickpockets on the streets of Paris, posing as policemen who arrest a gang member while the others rifle the pockets and purses of gawkers. When all of the gang except Richard and Philippe are pinched, things look grim. Then, Richard insists that they take in a wide-eyed immigrant lad, a deaf-mute left behind in the arrests. Philippe suggests a three-person pickpocket trick, using the boy, but when that goes spectacularly badly, they hit rock bottom.'] ["Semi-retired Mexican-American chef Martin Naranjo  shares a suburban Los Angeles home with his three adult daughters. Although he has lost the senses of smell and taste since his wife's death, he still cooks elaborate, multi-course meals for his family and friends. The women humor their father's old-fashioned ways, but each is searching for fulfillment outside the family circle. Leticia , the oldest and most conservative of the three, is a repressed high school chemistry teacher who abandoned Catholicism to become a born-again Christian. Middle daughter Carmen  shares her father's passion for food but has stifled her dream of owning a restaurant in favor of pursuing a more stable career as a business analyst. Maribel , the youngest, is hip and slightly rebellious. Frequently present in the Naranjo home are newly divorced family friend Yolanda , her young daughter April, and her visiting mother Hortensia , who has set her sights on Martin and is determined to make him her next husband, unaware his attention is focused on someone else. Maribel is drawn to handsome Brazilian student Andy after her co-worker rejects him and, after they briefly date, she invites him home for dinner, during which she blithely announces she is moving in with him, much to her father's consternation and Andy's shock, since they never had discussed elevating their somewhat casual relationship to this next level. Before long she is rearranging his small apartment and unintentionally making him increasingly uncomfortable as she imposes herself in his life. Meanwhile, Leticia finds herself attracted to Orlando Castillo, who coaches baseball at her school, when she begins to receive passionate love letters she believes are from him, unaware they actually were written by her students. Carmen is offered a high-profile job in Barcelona, and half-heartedly agrees to accept it, although soon after her father drives her to the airport she returns home, determined to follow in her father's footsteps and open a restaurant of her own. Leticia and Orlando elope, Maribel and Andy break up and reunite, Martin marries Yolanda, and everyone gathers for a family meal at Carmen's new restaurant."] ['In 1951, Sonny Crawford  and Duane Jackson  are small-town Texas high-school seniors. They are friends and co-captains of Anarene High School\'s football team and share a rooming house home and a battered old pickup truck. Duane is good-looking, amusing and popular, and dates Jacy Farrow , the prettiest  girl in town. Sonny is sensitive and caring, with a dumpy, unpleasant girlfriend, Charlene Duggs , whom he does not love; she shares his indifference, and they decide to call it quits. At Christmastime, Sonny stumbles into an affair with Ruth Popper , the depressed, middle-aged wife of his high-school coach, Coach Popper . At the sad little town Christmas dance, Jacy is invited by unsavory Lester Marlow  to a naked indoor pool party at the home of Bobby Sheen , a wealthy boy who seems to offer better prospects than Duane. Since Bobby is not interested in her as long as she is a virgin, she must get someone to have sex with her first. Duane and Sonny go on a road trip to Mexico — which happens entirely off-screen — and return to discover that Sam the Lion , their mentor and father-figure in town, has died of a stroke, leaving a will that bequeaths the town\'s movie theater to the woman who ran the concession stand, the café to its waitress, Genevieve , and the pool hall to Sonny. Jacy invites Duane to a motel for sex, but he is unable to perform; it takes a second attempt to alter her virginity status. Having got what she wants from Duane, she breaks up with him by phone, and he eventually joins the Army. When Bobby elopes with another girl, Jacy is alone again, and out of boredom has sex with Abilene , her mother\'s lover. When Jacy hears of Sonny\'s affair with Ruth, she sets her sights on him and Ruth gets nudged out very quickly. Sonny gets injured with a broken bottle in a fight with Duane, who still considers Jacy "his" girl. Jacy pretends to be impressed that Sonny would fight over her and suggests they elope. On their way to their honeymoon, they are stopped by an Oklahoma state trooper — apparently Jacy left a note telling her parents all about their plan. The couple is fetched back to Anarene by her father and mother in separate automobiles. On the trip back, Jacy\'s mother Lois  admits to Sonny she was Sam the Lion\'s erstwhile paramour and tells him he was much better off with Ruth Popper than with Jacy. Duane returns to town for a visit before shipping out for Korea. He and Sonny are among the meager group attending the final screening at Sam\'s old movie house, which is no longer a viable business. The next morning, after Sonny sees Duane off on the Trailways bus, young Billy , another of the town\'s innocents protected over the years by Sam the Lion, is run over and killed as he sweeps the street. Sonny flees back to Ruth, whom he has been ignoring since Jacy stole him away months earlier. Her first reaction is to show her hurt and anger, then the two slip into a haunting, beatific calm in her familiar kitchen.'] ['The film follows the story of Otilia Mihartescu  and Gabriela "Găbiţa" Dragut , two university friends in an unnamed Romanian town. The film is set in 1987,Three Twisty Delights, TIME, 18 May 2007 one of the last years of the Ceauşescu regime. When Găbiţa becomes pregnant, the two girls arrange a meeting with Mr. Bebe  in a hotel, where he is to perform an illegal abortion . At the college dorm Găbiţa and Otilia review the items they need for the day, and as Găbiţa nervously sits and waits in the room, Otilia barters and buys soap, cigarettes, etc. from school friends. Afterwards, Otilia takes a bus to visit her boyfriend Adi, from whom she borrows money. Adi asks Otilia to visit his family that night, as it is his mother\'s birthday, and to buy flowers on the way, to which Otilia initially declines, but she relents after Adi becomes upset. Otilia heads to a hotel where Găbiţa has booked a room, only to be informed by an unfriendly receptionist that there is no reservation under Găbiţa\'s last name. Otilia goes to another hotel, and after much begging and haggling is able to book a room at an expensive rate. Afterwards Otilia goes to a rendezvous point to meet with Mr. Bebe, although he had asked Găbiţa that she meet him and no one else. Mr. Bebe grows angry upon hearing that Găbiţa is not at the planned hotel. Mr. Bebe discovers that Găbiţa\'s claim that her pregnancy was in its third month is a lie; in fact, it has been at least four months. The two women were certain that they would pay no more than 3000 lei for the abortion. However, it slowly becomes clear to the women that he expects both women to have sex with him. Otilia reluctantly has sex with Mr. Bebe so that he will not walk out on them, and eventually Găbiţa does as well. Mr. Bebe then performs the abortion by injecting a probe and an unnamed fluid into Găbiţa\'s uterus, and leaves Otilia instructions on how to dispose of the fetus when it comes out. Otilia is exasperated by Găbiţa\'s lies, yet continues to help her and care for her. Otilia leaves Găbiţa at the hotel to go to Adi\'s mother\'s birthday. She is still disturbed but stays and has dinner with Adi\'s mother\'s friends, who are mostly doctors. They all talk about trivial things while Otilia and Adi remain silent. The phone rings in the background, but no one answers it. One of the guests then starts talking about lost values and respect to elders when Otilia accepts a cigarette offered to her in front of Adi\'s parents, which prompts Adi to bring the champagne in order to get the party over with. Adi and Otilia then go to his room where Otilia tells him about Găbiţa\'s abortion, and they start talking about what would happen if it was Otilia who was pregnant since Adi seems to be against abortion. After fighting with Adi, Otilia calls Găbiţa from Adi\'s house. Găbiţa does not answer, so Otilia decides to go back to Găbiţa. When Otilia enters the room Găbiţa is lying on the bed, and she tells Otilia that the fetus has come out and is in the bathroom. Otilia then wraps the fetus with some towels and puts everything in a bag, while Găbiţa asks her to bury the fetus. Otilia then goes outside and walks around for a while, finally climbing to the top of a random building, as Mr. Bebe had suggested, and dropping the bag in a trash chute. Otilia then goes back to the hotel and finds Găbiţa sitting at the restaurant. She sits and tells Găbiţa that they are never going to talk about the episode ever again. In the film\'s closing moment, Otilia looks at the camera, leaving the audience to decide what will happen to the two friends.'] ["Caramel revolves around the intersecting lives of five Lebanese women. Layale  works in a beauty salon in Beirut along with two other women, Nisrine  and Rima . Each one has a problem: Layale is stuck in a dead-end relationship with a married man; Nisrine is no longer a virgin but is set to be married and in her conservative family where pre-marital sex is not accepted; Rima is attracted to women; Jamale , a regular customer and wannabe actress, is worried about getting old; Rose , a tailoress with a shop next to the salon, is an old woman who had devoted her life to taking care of her mentally unbalanced elder sister Lili , but has found her first love. The film doesn't refer to any of the political problems or recent warfare that has troubled Lebanon. Rather, Labaki's tale paints everyday people with everyday problems."] ['Eccentric Jeffrey Mannus  is 29 years old and lives with his mother, Jan . He sees no reason to alter this arrangement, but his perfect world is upended when Jan meets Mert Rosenbloom , a motivational speaker. Mert successfully woos Jan and moves in on Jeffrey\'s territory, something Jeffrey will not tolerate. While at a coffee shop, Jeffrey finds a friend in one of the workers and later enlists the aid of her as his unlikely ally, an aspiring singer-songwriter, Nora Flannagan , with an anti-establishment penchant and a soft spot for him. As the war between Mert and Jeffrey escalates, something unprecedented happens — slowly, to both his own surprise and horror, Jeffrey discovers his inner adult. However, before this happens, Jeffrey and Mert get into a fist fight in Jan\'s home, causing her to break up with him. Jeffrey is pleased, but Jan kicks him out of the house. He goes to find Nora, who is currently upset with him for being such a "jerk", who does not offer any help. Jeffrey lives on the streets, but is eventually arrested for urinating in a sink. Seymore comes to the rescue and pays his bail, also allowing him to move in with him. Jeffrey realizes his errors and fights to get Jan and Mert back together. After achieving this he goes to stop the bus that Nora is riding, as she left for college, in his new car. He parks it in the middle of the road and stands on the hood, holding up a radio that is playing one of Nora\'s favorite songs. The bus driver makes Nora talk to him and they make up. They then drive off into the distance and the screen fades to black.'] ['Daigo Kobayashi , a cellist in Tokyo, loses his job when his orchestra is disbanded. He decides to move back to his hometown, Sakata, Yamagata, with his wife Mika . Daigo\'s family used to run a small coffee shop. His father ran away with the waitress when Daigo was very young, and his mother raised him by herself. His mother died two years ago, and left him the house where he grew up. Daigo feels guilty about not having taken better care of his mother. Back home, Daigo finds an advertisement in the newspaper for "assisting departures". He goes to the interview, uncertain of the job\'s nature. He is hired on the spot after only one question  and being handed an "advance" by his new boss Sasaki . He discovers that the job involves preparing the dead. Daigo reluctantly accepts. He returns to his wife with sukiyaki for a celebration, but he tells her he will be performing some sort of ceremony. On his first day, he is made to act as a corpse in a DVD explaining the procedure. His first assignment is to clean, dress and apply cosmetics to the body of an aged woman who has died alone at home, remaining undiscovered for two weeks. He is beset with nausea, and humiliated when strangers on the bus detect an unsavory scent. He goes to an old public bath that he often went to during his childhood to wash off. The bath is run by Tsuyako Yamashita, whose son was an old schoolfriend of Daigo. Daigo completes a number of assignments and experiences the gratitude of those left behind, gaining a sense of fulfillment. But Mika finds the DVD and begs him to give up such a "disgusting profession." Daigo refuses to quit, so she leaves. Even Yamashita, his old schoolfriend, tells him to get "a proper job." After a few months, Daigo\'s wife returns, announcing that she is pregnant. She seems to assume that he will get a different job. While Daigo and Mika try to work things out, the telephone rings with the news that Tsuyako, Yamashita\'s mother, has died. In front of Yamashita, his family and Mika, Daigo prepares her body. The ritual earns the respect of all present. During cremation, Tsuyako\'s friend appears as the cremator. He thinks that death is not the "end" but the "gate to a next stage". Afterwards, Daigo goes to the river and finds a small stone to give to Mika. He tells her about "stone-letters", a story told to him by his father - "A long time ago, before words were invented, people would give each other stones to express how they were feeling at that point. A smooth stone might mean that you are happy, while a rough one might mean you are worried about them." Many years ago, Daigo had stood on these same riverbanks with his father and exchanged stone-letters. Daigo\'s father had promised to send him one every year, though he never did. They are informed of the elder Kobayashi\'s death. Daigo refuses to see him, but his coworker convinces him to go, confessing that she herself abandoned her son in Hokkaido when he was only six. Sasaki invites him to take one of the display coffins. Daigo and Mika go to see the body of his father, but Daigo finds that he cannot recognize him. As the funeral workers carelessly handle the body, he angrily stops them, and his wife explains that her husband prepares the dead for burial as a living, thereby tacitly admitting that she has come to accept his work. Daigo takes over the dressing of his father\'s body, Daigo finds the stone-letter he had given to his father when he was little, in his father\'s hands. He is at last able to recognize his father from his childhood memory. As he finishes the ceremony, Daigo gently presses the stone-letter to Mika\'s pregnant belly.'] ["Visa Vuorio , a 35-year old team leader at the Helsinki city gardening department, is suffering from a terminal neurological disease and only has a few months to live. Because of this, he is a member of a therapeutical support group for people suffering from terminal diseases. Visa's life changes when a young female reporter, Hanna Manninen , arrives at the support group offering to write a series of articles about Visa's life story. While visiting the doctor, Visa hears there's been a mix-up of samples, and he is in fact perfectly healthy. However, he does not want to tell this to either Hanna or his girlfriend Riia , as he wants to avoid shocking them, and doesn't want to lose the experience of having an article series written about him. He only confides in his best friend Harri , who unknown to him is in love with Riia. Visa and Hanna travel to Copenhagen together, and they fall in love with each other there, but don't dare to confess it to each other yet. Back in Helsinki, the support group organises a great party, where Visa is invited as a speaker. On stage, he admits being perfectly healthy and confesses his love to Hanna. However, Hanna is shocked by this, and turns him down. Instead, Hanna's ex-boyfriend Ilkka seeks a new relationship with her, and proposes to her in a restaurant in Porvoo. Visa takes desperate measures to stop this, but at the restaurant door, he realises he is in fact sick after all, and passes out on the street. Visa is taken to a hospital in Helsinki, but he takes the first chance to escape and crash Hanna's and Ilkka's wedding to admit to being sick after all and confess his love to Hanna. He kisses Hanna, and almost immediately, falls dead on the ground."] [';Yeter\'s Death Retired widower Ali Aksu , a Turkish immigrant living in the German city of Bremen, believes he has found a solution to his loneliness when he meets a Turkish prostitute, Yeter Öztürk . He offers her a monthly payment to stop working as a prostitute and move in with him. After receiving threats from two Turkish Muslims, she decides to accept his offer. Ali\'s son Nejat , a professor of German literature, does not have time to respond to the prospect of living with a woman of "easy virtue" before Ali is stricken with a heart attack. He softens to her: he learns that she sends shoes to Turkey for her 27-year-old daughter and wishes that her daughter receive an education like his. Back home from the hospital, Ali suspects that the other two may have become lovers. When his drunken demands of Yeter make her threaten to leave, he strikes her and she dies from the blow. Ali is sent to prison. Nejat travels to Istanbul to search for Yeter\'s daughter, Ayten , and assume responsibility for her education. Unable to locate her through her family, he posts flyers of Yeter throughout the area in the hopes that it will lead to the daughter. When he posts a flyer in a small German language bookstore that happens to be for sale, he finds himself charmed into buying it. ;Lotte\'s Death A plainclothes officer loses his gun on the street during a riot. A hooded figure scoops it up and is pursued on foot by a battalion of uniformed officers, barely managing to hide the contraband on a random rooftop. This is Ayten, a member of a Turkish Communist resistance group. When her cell is raided, she flees Turkey and takes up a new identity with political allies in Bremen, Germany. However, even there, she has a falling out when she is unable to pay her debts, and thus finds herself on the street with barely a euro to her name. Her mother\'s number is lost, so she lives illegally and searches for her in local shoe shops. Lotte, a university student, offers to help her with food, clothes, and a place to stay—a gesture which is not particularly welcomed by her mother, Susanne. Ayten and Lotte become lovers and Lotte decides to help Ayten search for her mother. The quest is cut short when a traffic stop exposes Ayten\'s illegal status and she attempts a claim of political asylum. Despite Susanne\'s financial support, Germany rules that Ayten has no legitimate fear of political persecution. She\'s deported and immediately imprisoned. Lotte is devastated. She travels to Turkey to try to free Ayten, but quickly realizes how little hope there is, as she is facing 15 to 20 years in jail. Susanne pleads with her to think of her future and return home. When Lotte refuses, her mother refuses to assist her further. Lotte gravitates to Nejat\'s bookstore and ends up renting a spare room from him. Finally granted a prison visit with Ayten, Lotte follows her imprisoned lover\'s request and retrieves the handgun Ayten grabbed in the riot. But Lotte\'s bag, with the gun inside, is snatched by a crew of boys that she then chases through their neighborhood. When finally she finds them in a vacant lot, one of them is inspecting the gun. She demands he return it, but he points it at her and fires, killing her instantly. ;The Edge of Heaven  Upon his release, Ali is deported to Turkey, returning to his property in Trabzon on the Black Sea coast. After her daughter\'s death, Susanne goes to Istanbul to see where her daughter had been living the past few months. She meets Nejat and reads her daughter\'s diary; she decides to take on her daughter\'s mission of freeing Ayten from prison. Susanne\'s visit to Ayten—an offer of forgiveness and support—leads the younger woman to exercise her right of repentance. As a result, she wins her freedom. Susanne asks Nejat about the story behind a Bayram they notice, learning that it commemorates Ibrahim\'s sacrifice of his son Ishmael. She comments that there is the same story in the Bible, where Abraham is asked to sacrifice his son Isaac. Nejat reminisces about being scared by the story as a child and asking his father if he would sacrifice him if God told him to. When asked by Susanne what his father\'s answer was, Nejat tells her that his father said "He would make God his enemy in order to protect me". Nejat removes the poster of Yeter from the shop\'s noticeboard. He asks Susanne to look after his shop while he is gone, and drives to Trabzon where his father is living. Susanne offers Ayten a place to stay with her at Nejat\'s house. When Nejat arrives in Trabzon, his father is out fishing, so he waits for him on the beach.'] ['Gene Maxwell, a grown man is dumped after his fiance, Liz, during their wedding. He then writes a novel titled "Fear Knot". Later she asks him to move her father out of her basement. Later her father dies of heart failure. The film was an official selection at the Montréal Film Festival.'] ['Wilson , a 29-year-old man who has just endured the most miserable year of his life, newly arrived in the City of Angels, is alone and penniless as New Year\'s Eve approaches. He vows to lock his doors, pull his blinds, and climb into bed - until best friend Jacob ([[Brian McGuire  talks him into posting a Craigslist personal ad. In seemingly no time at all Vivian  responds, determined to be with the "right" man at the stroke of midnight.'] ["Will  is quiet and shy, and comes from a family that belongs to the strict Plymouth Brethren religious sect. Will is forbidden to watch films or television and is made to leave his classroom when the teacher puts on a documentary. In the corridor, he meets Lee Carter , the worst-behaved boy in school, thrown out of another class for bad behaviour. They accidentally break a fish bowl in the corridor; Lee volunteers to take the blame, pretending that the punishment is torture, in exchange for Will's watch, which belonged to his dead father. Moreover Lee demands that Will performs the stunts in a film Lee is making with home video equipment owned by his bullying older brother, Lawrence , which Lawrence uses in his video pirating enterprise. He intends to enter the Screen Test Young Film-Makers' Competition. Will accepts, after accidentally seeing the film First Blood at Lee's house while hiding from Lawrence. He becomes very enthusiastic, and plays several dangerous action scenes, culminating in the two boys becoming 'blood brothers' after Lee saves Will from drowning. Lee finds Will's sketch book, full of colourful and glorious ideas, and starts to incorporate some of them into his film script. The two become best friends, but Will has to keep it secret from his family and the increasingly interfering Brother Joshua of the Brethren, who clearly has designs on his mother. French exchange students arrive, of whom the suave Didier Revol  becomes very popular. After finding Will's sketch book, he asks Will if he and his acolytes can play in the film, and Will agrees. Didier reveals that he has always wanted to be an actor. This mushrooms into the whole school being part of the production, and Will being included with the cool sixth-formers. Lee does not like this, as he is no longer in control, and finally quits after a fight with Will during filming of the last sequence, which takes place at a disused power station. After Will becomes trapped when part of the unstable structure collapses due to Didier's carelessness, and the entire school/crew run away, Lee returns to rescue his friend, but uses the excuse that he has come to collect his brother's camera. He too gets hurt, and has to go to hospital. Lawrence visits him, but is angry about the fact that the camera is broken. Will's mother , from whom he has struggled to hide his activities, finally realises that her son must be allowed to be himself and her family leaves the Brethren. The film is never submitted to the competition as they miss the deadline. The French students leave, and while Didier was popular and worshiped in England, his own school-mates mock him, and he is actually lonely and isolated. When Lawrence looks at Lee's footage he is impressed, and he sees Lee's rant at Will defending Lawrence's neglect and bullying, which was accidentally filmed. With Will's help, he adds a part in which he acts himself — including a reply message for his brother. When Lee leaves hospital, as a surprise he is brought to a cinema, where his film is shown before the main feature to much enjoyment from the audience, and the two boys reunite."] ['Binta is a young African girl who serves as the narrator. She talks about her father and his \'great idea\'. Binta\'s father is a small-time, local fisherman in a peaceful village  in Senegal. His friend who recently visited Europe describes what fishing is like there. He tells him that the Europeans can catch thousands of fish with bigger boats equipped with sonar. The man, very impressed by this, encourages the father to approach the government and request a permit for a bigger boat. Binta\'s father also hears from his friend how once he attains wealth he must get a permit for a weapon so he can defend his wealth. The friend also shows off his watch which has an alarm set to ring every day at noon. "What happens at noon?" asks Binta\'s father. "Why, the alarm rings!" his friend replies. Binta\'s father is shown making his way up through the ranks of government, sharing his great idea with various officials. The film switches back and forth between the story of Binta and her father and the struggle between Binta\'s cousin, Soda, and her father, a village elder. Soda desperately wants to go to school, but her father believes African girls should not be educated; they should learn to tend the home and then get married and tend to home and family. The village school children put on a play to convince Soda\'s father to let her attend school. Here we experience the power of art and solidarity; in the end, the father is finally convinced, and Soda is allowed to get an education. Finally, when Binta\'s father meets with the provincial leader, we find out what his great idea was: He wants do his part to make the world a better place by adopting a tubab , "preferably weaned," in order to teach him/her qualities which Western industrialized society has largely lost, such as sharing, solidarity, the sustainable use of resources. This film is unusual in that it allows us a glimpse of Western culture as viewed from a third world perspective. Various themes are touched upon in this delightful film: the power of art to bring about change , sustainability and equitable division of resources, and the true meaning of progress and humanity.'] ['Inspired by a true story, sparks fly when a Jew and a Muslim fall in love in New York. David , TV host of "Sex & Happiness", becomes smitten with the voluptuous Layla  - a mysterious, sensual dancer who turns out to be a refugee. David\'s reckless pursuit of Layla sets off an unveiling of the similarities and contrasts of their ancient cultures. His lust grows into love as he discovers in stunning Layla a sensitive, intelligent war survivor with a rich culture that echoes his own. But their families are dead set against their unlikely romance. Faced with deportation, Layla must choose: David or Dr. Ahmad? Will David and Layla follow their hearts and blast through centuries of religious animosity? The film was inspired by the true story of the Muslim-Jewish couple Alwand Jaff and her husband David Ruby, both of whom have cameo roles in the film.'] ["The movie is based on Tim McLoughlin's novel Heart of the Old Country, which has Mike Manadoro  as a 19-year-old Brooklyn boy who is torn between two worlds. When Mike's photography portfolio wins him a partial scholarship to New York University, he must figure out how to balance his tight-knit Italian neighborhood roots in Bay Ridge with the opportunity to blend into the expansive, sophisticated world on the other side of the East River. Since his job at a local car service doesn't earn him enough to make up for the rest of the tuition, and his father, a retired sanitation worker on disability, refuses to support Mike's attempts for financial aid out of pride, Mike ultimately takes a job making deliveries for Tony, the local mob boss, to make up the difference. Mike not only has to balance work with his academic assignments, he has to manage his personal relationships as well. This includes his attraction to a beautiful, cool, intellectual young woman, Kathy Popovich  he meets at NYU, with his responsibility to his longtime girlfriend Gina  from the neighborhood whom he's promised to marry. The stakes grow higher as he faces consequential choices from turning his back on all he knows and pursuing a new life."] ["The Alexandria Ceremonial Police Orchestra, consisting of eight men, arrive in Israel from Egypt. They have been booked by an Arab cultural center in Petah Tiqva, but through a miscommunication , the band takes a bus to Bet Hatikva, a fictional town in the middle of the Negev Desert.http://www.baltimoresun.com/topic/ny-etver145567265feb08,0,6115326.story Baltimore Sun review There is no transportation out of the city that day, and there are no hotels for them to spend the night in. The band members dine at a small restaurant where the owner, Dina  invites them to stay the night at her apartment, at her friends' apartment, and in the restaurant. That night challenges all of the characters.{{cite news}}"] ["Adela, a young woman recently separated from her husband and with one-year-old baby, is tired of her life in a small hometown Leon. She leaves behind the mountains and the country life to move to Madrid. She gets a job as a hostess and moves into an apartment with Carlos and Ines, a nice young couple. The three get along well then, sharing meals, doubts and leisure. Antonia, Ines's mother, has a small neighborhood supermarket. She leads a fairly quiet life with her boyfriend Manolo. Antonia has two more daughters: Nieves and Helena, the eldest. However, little by little, Antonias's pleasant life begins to crumble. First, a doctors detects that Nieves has cancer. Later, the already tense relationship between her daughters gets more complicated when Helena asks her mother borrowed money to buy an apartment on the beach. Adela has no major difficulties in adapting to urban life, even though the father of her baby does not help her economically. While traveling by bus, she is one of the victims of a terrorist attack, leaving her life in tatters. From that moment she should find the strength to return to a normal life."] ['A drama set in the days leading up to the 2008 Presidential election, and centered on a high-end Manhattan call girl meeting the challenges of her boyfriend, her clients, and her work. Chelsea  is a New York escort who specializes in offering the girlfriend experience. She finds that lately her clients are spending less and less on her services, and are troubled by the financial crisis, a topic they raise frequently in her company. She is also interviewed by a journalist, who quizzes her about her work and personal life. She goes from client to client performing her services.'] ["After one book that ended up in the remainder bins, novelist Byron Tiller's inability to pay the bills strains relations with his wife. Desperate for any kind of income, he meets Luther Fox, an Englishman who runs an exclusive escort service called Elysian Fields, and is offered a job. Hiding his new employment from his wife, Byron's's first client, Andrea, is married to a much-older Pulitzer Prize-winning author whom Tiller greatly admires. Complications develop as he tries to separate a professional obligation to a client from a professional interest in her spouse."] ['Josef Tkaloun is a teacher at a high school in Prague who cannot control his anger when his pupils misbehave in his poetry class. He quits his job and despite his wife urging him to retire, becomes a cycle courier. After an inevitable accident, he still refuses to stay at home and takes a job in the local Žižkov supermarket. He works behind a counter, taking the used glass beer bottles and empty plastic water bottles, giving a receipt to the customers which they can redeem at the cashier. He begins to flirt with the customers and matchmake both for an old friend and for the man he works with. His own flirtations  almost get him into trouble with his wife, so he resolves to reignite the passion in his marriage by celebrating his wedding anniversary with a hot air balloon ride. As can be expected, things do not go completely according to plan.Vratné lahve / Vratné lahve'] ["Set in a small town near Baotou, Wang Cailing is a vocal teacher who has a magnificent voice and a big dream—to be an opera  singer at the National Opera House. She is not dreaming alone: There's a young man who wants to be China's Vincent van Gogh She also meets a gay ballet dancer who is past his prime. She falls in with a few other bohemian artists. All of them struggle not only to realize their dreams, but more pressingly, to get accepted and understood by the society."] ['Diane Ford  is a long-haul truck diver. She spends her off time having one-night stands and drinking vodka with her married neighbor, Runner . Her life is downturned when her ex-husband Len  sends their 10-year-old son Peter  to stay with her while he  recovers from cancer treatment.'] ["The film is a series of flashbacks to various periods in the life of Blake Morrison as he remembers moments he shared with his father Arthur while he, his mother, and younger sister Gillian tend to him on his deathbed in his Yorkshire home. Despite Blake's success as a writer, poet, and critic, his father - a rural general practitioner - never accepted his decision to pursue a literary career nor was he willing to acknowledge his achievements in his field. Bullying, blustery, and boorish, Arthur blunders his way through fatherhood, regularly calling his son a fathead and intruding into the boy's private moments with a sense of entitlement. He has a penchant for exaggeration when he's not telling outright lies, and he publicly humiliates his long-suffering but passively complacent wife Kim with his shameless flirting with various women and an affair with Beaty, a friend of the family. At other times, he seems genuinely interested in bonding with his son, taking him camping so they can test supposedly waterproof sleeping bags he has made or allowing him to drive in the family's Alvis convertible on a wide expanse of deserted beach with reckless abandon. As a result, Blake is left with mixed feelings for the man, ranging from deeply-rooted anger to compassionate acceptance. Only after Arthur's death is he able to set aside his resentment and recognize him as a father whose flaws ultimately helped mold his son into the better man he is."] ["Jeremy is an émigré from Manchester who owns a small New York City cafe. The cafe becomes a haven for Elizabeth as she tries to recover emotionally following the end of an affair. She finds comfort in the blueberry pie he bakes daily despite the fact that none of his other customers ever order it. Elizabeth, now calling herself Lizzie, eventually drifts to Memphis, Tennessee, where she takes two jobs, waitress by day and barmaid by night, in order to earn enough money to finance the purchase of a car. She regularly sends postcards to Jeremy without revealing where she lives or works and, although he tries to locate her by calling all the restaurants in the area, he fails to find her. Later on, he decides to send out postcards to any restaurants she may be to try to find her. One of Lizzie's regulars at both jobs is local policeman Arnie Copeland, an alcoholic who cannot accept the fact his wife Sue Lynne has left him and is flaunting her freedom by openly socializing with other men. He confesses to Lizzie his many attempts at achieving sobriety have ended in failure. One night, he drunkenly threatens his estranged wife with his gun if she leaves, then crashes his car and is killed. Lizzie comforts Sue Lynne, who gives her the money towards Arnie's tab at the bar Lizzie works at in the evening, before leaving town. Heading west, Elizabeth – now calling herself Beth – gets another waitress job at a casino in a small town in Nevada. Here she meets Leslie, an inveterate poker player who has lost all her money. Beth agrees to lend her $2200 in exchange for a third of her winnings or her car if she loses. When she does lose, she fulfills her promise by giving Beth the car, but asks her to drive her to Las Vegas so she can borrow money from her father, whom she has not seen in a long time. While en route she receives a call from a Vegas hospital, where her father has been admitted and is dying. Leslie believes the call is simply a ruse to lure her home, but upon arrival in Vegas she discovers her father died the previous night. Leslie announces she wants to keep the car, which she had stolen from her father, who had sent her the title and registration despite their estrangement. She confesses she really won the card game and gives Beth her promised share of the winnings, which she uses to finally purchase the car she always wanted. Elizabeth returns to Manhattan and, discovering her ex-boyfriend has vacated his apartment and moved on with his life, returns to the cafe, where Jeremy has had a stool at the counter reserved for her ever since she left. As she eats a slice of blueberry pie, Elizabeth realizes her feelings for him are reciprocated."] ["A newsstand owner takes pity on Qinawi, a lame young man, and gives him a job selling newspapers in the Cairo train station. The women there all shun him because of his mild handicap, though he has little trouble walking. Qinawi becomes obsessed with Hannuma, a beautiful cold drink vendor. But she is engaged to Abu Siri, a husky luggage porter who is trying to organize his co-workers into a union to better their lot. Nonetheless, Qinawi proposes to her. When she rejects his fantasy of a home and children in his village, Qinawi's obsession turns to madness. Inspired by an unsolved murder in the news, he buys a knife and plots to kill Hannuma. When the local policemen try to catch Hannuma and the other women illegally selling drinks, she asks Qinawi to take her incriminating drink bucket and hide it. He seeks to lure her to a warehouse to pick it up, but she asks a friend to get it instead. In the darkness, Qinawi does not notice the substitution; he stabs the other woman repeatedly, then hides the body in a wooden crate supposedly holding Hannuma's trousseau. Then he gets Abu Siri to put it aboard a train for Hannuma's impending wedding. The woman is not dead, however. She is found, and the station is alerted. The men who stand to lose by Abu Siri's unionization at first try to pin the attempted murder on him, but the would-be victim identifies her real assailant. Meanwhile, unaware of her near escape from death, Hannuma goes to get her bucket. Qinawi chases her through the rail yard and catches her, holding a knife to her head to keep the crowd at bay. The newsstand owner tells Qinawi that he will be allowed to marry Hannuma and coaxes him into putting on his wedding garment. Qinawi complies, then realizes he has donned a straitjacket. He struggles, but is taken away."] ['The story takes place in the fictional small town of Lode, New Mexico, where just about all of the male townsfolk work for a copper mining plant, including Power . Power  lives with his Aunt Joanie  and is always shown air-drumming to music, even when at work. It turns out he air-drums because his father never could afford to buy him drums. He does his air-drumming at a talent show in a local bar, where his only praise comes from a young boy. Unfortunately, the mining plant is poised to strike, but Power is fired for a mishap that is one too many just beforehand, therefore he cannot join in. Disappointed, he stumbles upon an ad for an underground air-drumming place about forty miles south of them just across the border in Mexico. The boy lends him his dirt bike to get there, but he ends up losing it while there. He joins in, playing a Rush song without sitting down, which makes him nearly pass out. When the police raid the place, he ducks everyone and gets away. Before heading back, he is given an invitation to join a group of air-drummers in Newark, New Jersey, so armed with his music and cereal, he hitchhikes his way to Newark. Once he gets there, he meets the crew, headed by Carlos, a former drummer who now has hooks in place of both of his hands , and he is given a job and a place to crash at a local Chinese restaurant owned by Michael Fong . Living upstairs from the restaurant is Samantha, a religious fanatic, and her hearing-impaired daughter, Annie . Annie does take an initial liking to Power, but her mother objects to it, and even eventually threatens to move to Florida when she catches them making out. Before doing so, Annie reveals that her mother used to be a groupie, and she went deaf in her youth from not wearing hearing protection while on stage with the bands.  A subplot involves a rich young guy called Dallas Houston  who does music videos and has his own product lines of every sorts. He has a secret admiration for air-drumming that his father, who happens to own the mining company that runs the Lode plant, abhors. Power works hard with the new crew for the upcoming air-drumming competition, eventually overcoming his shortcomings, but when he finds out the striking miners were assaulted by hired thugs and his dad is hospitalized, he bails on them and calls him, and they seem to make amends. Carlos decides the group must go on without Power, but as they are performing their group song, one of the members is disqualified for how he’s playing, which causes the others to start a fight and gets them DQed as well. Power, who comes in just in time for the solo competition, is the only one left eligible on their team. He plays along with Dallas H. and another female to Tom Sawyer in the finals. The girl drops out early, and after Power’s defective stool breaks and leaves him flat on the floor, it seems as though he would be out as well. However, he finds out Annie is in the crowd at the show when she tosses a Cheerio on stage right into his mouth.  With renewed energy, Power jumps up and continues playing without a stool  and outlasts Dallas to win the competition. He is presented the $2000 grand prize by Rush drummer Neil Peart  and has him make the check out to the workers union of the copper plant. Power’s dad, renewed by his son’s victory and generosity, helps to resume fighting.'] ['With summer approaching, 16 year-old América has two issues, or so she thinks. She hates school and her aunt Carolina’s alcoholic husband, Joey. She passes the days shoplifting, hanging out with her friends and trying to avoid Joey. After a life-changing event, América, whose Spanish is limited, is sent to Buenos Aires, Argentina to live with her reclusive and anti-American grandmother, Lucía América Campos. In Argentina, América struggles to find her place with a grandmother she has never known and to hold onto a friendship with Sergio, a neighbor twice her age.'] ['The actual members of the Hong Kong National Baseball Team appear in the film as themselves, in a story set in 2004. Their isolated existence leads them to take unconventional choices in both love and friendship, and to summon great courage in the face of their lonely and disconnected existence. The story focuses on the easy-going, yet often detached, main character, Ronnie, as played by Ron Heung, and his friendships and relationships with others, both on and off the sports field.'] ['One Christmas Eve in present day Tokyo, three homeless people &mdash; {{nihongo}}, a middle-aged alcoholic, {{nihongo}}, a transwoman and former drag queen, and {{nihongo}}, a runaway girl &mdash; discover an abandoned newborn while searching in some trash. Deposited with the unnamed baby is a note asking the finder to take good care of her and a bag containing clues to the parent\'s identity. The trio sets out to find the baby\'s parents. The baby is named Kiyoko, "pure child" as she is born on Christmas Eve. Outside a cemetery, the group encounters a high-ranking yakuza man trapped under his car. The man happens to know the owner of the club Kiyoko\'s mother used to visit; he is getting married to the man\'s daughter. At the wedding, the groom tells them that the baby\'s mother is a former club member named Sachiko. He gives them Sachiko\'s address, but the party is interrupted when a maid is revealed to be a Latin American hit man in disguise, attempting to shoot the bride\'s father with a Tokarev TT-33, the hit man kidnaps Miyuki and the baby and takes them back to his home. There, Miyuki befriends the hit man\'s wife and shows her some pictures of her family. Hana searches for Miyuki and Kiyoko while Gin takes care of an old homeless man whom he finds dying in the street. The old man dies after giving Gin a little red bag. Some teenagers show up to beat Gin and the deceased old man. Meanwhile, Hana finds the girls and they go off to find a place to stay. Hana takes them to a club she used to work at. Gin, who was found by another member of the club, is also there. The trio sets out to find Sachiko\'s house. They\'re informed of the unhappy marriage Sachiko shares with her husband. The group rests at a store until they are told to leave by the shopkeeper. Hana collapses and is taken to a hospital. At the hospital, Gin finds his daughter who works as a nurse. Hana humiliates Gin in front of his daughter and storms out of the hospital. Miyuki follows with Kiyoko. Hana and Miyuki find Sachiko about to jump off a bridge. Sachiko insists that her husband got rid of the baby without her knowledge, and they return it to her. Meanwhile, Gin finds Sachiko\'s husband, who reveals that Kiyoko is actually a baby that Sachiko stole from the hospital. The chase for Sachiko and the baby begins. After an intense car chase through the city, Miyuki follows Sachiko as she escapes to the top of a building. Sachiko tries to jump off the building, but her husband comes out of his apartment  and encourages her to start a new life. Sachiko jumps off nevertheless and accidentally drops the baby off of the building. Hana jumps after Kiyoko. She catches the baby and miraculously lands safely. Hana, Miyuki, and Gin are taken to the hospital. Miyuki hands Gin his cigarettes and drops the old man\'s small red bag on the floor, revealing a winning lottery ticket. Kiyoko\'s real parents want to ask the trio to become her godparents. When a police inspector introduce them to the trio, the inspector is revealed to be Miyuki\'s father.'] ['Will Freeman  lives a very comfortable and leisurely lifestyle in London thanks to substantial royalties left to him from the successful Christmas song that his father composed. Will does not need to work and spends most of his free time watching television, and reading about pop culture. When Will\'s friends, Christine  and John , ask him to be the godfather of their second child, Will bluntly refuses, insisting that he "really is that shallow". In an attempt to avoid spending time with the couple, Will meets Angie , a single mother, but the two only share a brief relationship which, to Will\'s surprise actually ends amicably. Afterward, Will comes up with the idea of attending a single-parents group called "SPAT"  to meet potential female partners. As part of his ploy, he claims to have a two-year-old son named Ned. His plan succeeds and he meets Suzie . Will\'s pursuit to court Suzie takes him to one of the group\'s functions — a picnic — where he meets Marcus , the 12-year-old son of Suzie\'s friend, Fiona . At the picnic, Marcus accidentally kills a duck with a stale loaf of bread while trying to feed it. When a park keeper questions him about it, Will quickly defends Marcus by claiming the duck was already dead. Afterward, when Will and Suzie take Marcus home, they find Fiona in the living room, overdosed on pills in a suicide attempt. Marcus begins to be uncomfortable with staying at home alone with his mother, so he tries to get Will to date her so she won\'t be so lonely. After a single date this plan fails so Marcus follows Will around and discovers that Will is actually childless and had been faking being a single parent. Marcus then appears on Will\'s doorstep and blackmails him into letting him hang out at his apartment after school every day instead of going straight home. Will is initially against Marcus spending time at his place, but when Marcus is chased there one day by bullies Will begins to realize the importance of his presence in Marcus\'s life. He starts helping Marcus fit in by taking him shopping for new shoes. Unfortunately, the shoes are stolen by bullies, causing a fight among Marcus, Fiona, and Will. At school, Marcus develops a crush on a grunge girl named Ellie , and his popularity steadily improves. Will begins a relationship with a single mother named Rachel . Will lets Rachel believe that Marcus is his son in order to appear interesting to her. Later, in an attempt to be honest with her, he reveals that Marcus is not really his son, but his lie backfires and their relationship ends. One day, Marcus comes home from school to find his mother crying in the living room. Marcus attempts to unburden himself to Will, who is unreceptive, as he is still upset about the breakup with Rachel. Will tells Marcus that he can\'t help him and the two have a fight. Marcus decides that the only way to help his mother is to sing at the school variety show - an act which Ellie deems "social suicide", warning that the other children will crucify him. Will continues his superficial existence, but realises that it doesn\'t fulfill him the way it did before. Will crashes a SPAT meeting and implores Fiona not to attempt suicide again. She assures him that she has no plans to do so in the immediate future and also tells him that Marcus has decided to sing at the school show that day. Will and Fiona rush to the school to stop Marcus from committing social suicide, and Will finds Rachel in the school audience watching her son in the show. Will makes his way backstage to stop Marcus from singing, but Marcus is unswayed and believes that his singing will make his mother happy. Marcus proceeds to sing a shrill, out-of-tune rendition of "Killing Me Softly with His Song" as the student body taunts him. Suddenly, Will appears onstage with a guitar to accompany Marcus for the rest of the song. With Will\'s assistance, the school children accept Marcus\'s performance, giving him mild applause at the end. Seeing this, Will continues on with an unnecessary solo to take the negative attention off Marcus. The following Christmas, Will hosts a celebration at his place where Marcus, Rachel, Rachel\'s son Ali, Fiona and Ellie are present. The idea of Will marrying Rachel is brought up, but Marcus seems unenthusiastic, believing that couples have no future without "backup" to their relationships.'] ["Melvin Udall is a misanthrope who works at home as a best-selling novelist in New York City. He suffers from obsessive-compulsive disorder which, paired with his misanthropy, alienates nearly everyone with whom he interacts. He eats breakfast at the same table in the same restaurant every day using disposable plastic utensils he brings with him due to his pathological mysophobia. He takes an interest in his waitress, Carol Connelly, the only server at the restaurant who can tolerate his behavior. One day, Melvin's neighbor, a gay artist named Simon Bishop, is assaulted and nearly killed. Melvin is forced to care for Simon's dog Verdell while Simon is hospitalized. Although he initially does not enjoy caring for the dog, Melvin becomes emotionally attached to it. He simultaneously receives more attention from Carol. When Bishop is released from the hospital, Melvin is unable to cope emotionally with returning the dog. Melvin's life is further altered when Carol decides to work closer to her home in Brooklyn so she can care for her acutely asthmatic son ([[Jesse James . Unable to adjust to another waitress, Melvin arranges to pay for her son's medical expenses if Carol agrees to continue working at her previous restaurant in Manhattan. Meanwhile, Simon's assault and rehabilitation, coupled with Verdell's preference for Melvin, causes Simon to lose his creative muse. Simon is approaching bankruptcy due to his medical bills. Simon's agent, Frank Sachs, convinces Simon to go to Baltimore and ask his estranged parents for money. Frank offers Melvin use of his car for the trip. Melvin invites Carol to accompany them on the trip to lessen the awkwardness. She reluctantly accepts the invitation, and relationships among the three develop. Once in Baltimore, Carol persuades Melvin to take her out to have dinner. Melvin's comments during the dinner greatly upset Carol, and she abruptly leaves. Upon seeing the frustrated Carol, Simon begins to sketch her and rekindles his creativity, once more feeling a desire to paint. He briefly reconnects with his parents, but is able to tell them that he'll be fine. After returning to New York City, Carol tells Melvin that she does not want him in her life anymore. She later regrets her statement and calls him to apologize. The relationship between Melvin and Carol remains complicated until Simon, whom Melvin has allowed to move in with him until he can get a new apartment, convinces Melvin to declare his love for her at her apartment in Brooklyn, where the two realize the depth of their personal connection. The film ends with Melvin and Carol walking together to buy fresh rolls at the corner bakery."] ["Set in 1969, the film follows the true story of Elliot Tiber , an aspiring Greenwich Village interior designer whose parents, Jake  and Sonia , own the small dilapidated El Monaco Motel in White Lake, in the town of Bethel, New York. A hippie theater troupe, The Earthlight Players, rents the barn, but can hardly pay any rent. Due to financial trouble, the motel may have to be closed, but Elliot pleads with the local bank not to foreclose on the mortgage and Sonia delivers a tirade about her struggles as a Russian refugee. The family is given until the end of the summer to pay up. Elliot plans to hold a small musical festival, and has, for $1, obtained a permit from the town's chamber of commerce . When he hears that the organizers of the Woodstock Festival face opposition against the originally planned location, he offers his permit and the motel accommodations to organizer Michael Lang . A neighbor, Max Yasgur , provides his nearby farm land; first they agree on a fee of $5,000, but after realizing how many people will come, Yasgur demands $75,000, which the organizers reluctantly accept. Elliot comes to agreement about the fee for the motel more smoothly. Initial objections by his mother quickly disappear when she sees the cash paid in advance. A cross-dressing veteran, Vilma , is hired as a security guard. Elliot and Yasgur encounter a little bit of expected opposition. The local diner refuses to serve Elliot anymore, inspectors target the motel  for building code violations, and some local boys paint a swastika and hate words on the hotel. However, resistance quickly dissolves in the tidal wave of peace and love  brought to the area. The Tiber family works hard serving the massive influx of visitors and become wealthy in the process. Elliot also struggles with hiding his homosexuality from his family, when he connects romantically with one of the event organizers staying at the motel. On the first day of the concert, Elliot, his father, and Vilma hear the music begin in the distance. Elliot's father, transformed and enlivened by all the new life in town, tells Elliot to go and see the concert. Elliot hitches a ride through the peaceful traffic jam on the back of a benevolent state trooper's motorcycle and arrives at the event. Eliot meets a hippie couple  who invite him to join them on an LSD trip in their VW Bus a short distance from the crowd. Elliot has trouble relaxing at first, but gradually melts into a psychedelic union with them. When they finally emerge after sundown, Elliot watches the vast crowd and brilliant lights of the distant concert ripple with harmonious hallucinatory visuals that swell into serene white light. Elliot returns home from his liberating experience and has breakfast with his parents. He suggests to his mother that they now have enough money to replace him, but she cannot bear to let him have his freedom. Elliot storms out, facetiously suggesting his mom eat the hash brownies Vilma has just offered. After another beautiful day at the festival, during which his friend the Vietnam veteran, Billy , appears to overcome his Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, Elliot returns home to find his parents laughing and cavorting hysterically, having eaten Vilma's hash brownies. The once-brittle family  are united in joy and delirious affection. The next morning, however, Sonia inadvertently reveals that she has secretly saved $97,000 in cash in the floorboards of her closet. Elliot is upset that his mother hid this from him while he put his own savings into helping his parents. After the final day of the concert, Elliot packs up his life and says farewell to his father, after his father encourages him to strike out on his own. As Elliot pays one last visit to the concert and looks out over the muddy desolation of the Yasgur farm, Lang rides up on horseback and they marvel at how despite the obstacles, the event was a success. Lang mentions his next big project: staging a truly free concert in San Francisco with the Rolling Stones – the infamous Altamont Free Concert."] ['Anthea  is undergoing a crisis of confidence: overworked, no boyfriend, and now all her friends are leaving Brisbane. She is tempted to leave herself, but is opposed by her longtime best platonic male friend Michael . Michael thinks people who leave Brisbane are copycats who follow the crowd; he is quite happy to stay in Brisbane, he is in a stable job and a stable very low-maintenance \'sex-with-the-ex\' relationship with his ex-girlfriend, Stephanie . In short, he is in a rut. Anthea’s temptation to leave Brisbane increases with the impending departure of her flatmate Kath . However, she then hears that her ex-boyfriend Jake  is coming back to Brisbane to live. To Michael’s annoyance, she dreams of a great future with him. Michael is then thrown out of his comfort zone by starting a new relationship with a girl he meets at work; Simone . Slightly "alternative" and good natured, Simone is totally different from the sorts of girls he normally deals with, and he finds himself in a relationship over which he does not have total control. On her last day in Australia, Anthea and Michael finally resolve their feelings for each other.'] ["The film begins with the Imperial Revue celebrating Leni Milchstrasse's seventeenth birthday following a performance at the Great Imperial Theater. During this, Yūichi Kayama appears to join the celebration. The next morning, on Christmas Day, Sumire Kanzaki and Maria Tachibana visit a theater, where Maria finds out that Brent was one of the mafia members in New York when Maria was in the United States. At the Great Imperial Theater, Lachette Altair arrives from New York to be assigned into the Imperial Assault Force Flower Division. Douglas-Stewart president Brent Furlong and his subordinate, Patrick Hamilton, summon the Kouma to obliterate a city. The Flower Division is summoned to the battlefield where the Kouma are at. However, during the battle, Lachette appears in an Eisenkleid and briefly battles the Kouma. They retreat and the Flower Division is introduced to Lachette. Meanwhile, Brent and another one of his subordinates, Haruyoshi Tanuma, arrive at the facility where the Japhkiels, robots made by Douglas-Stewart, are made. One of them attacks Tanuma, scaring him. Patrick uses a soundwave technique to stop the attacking Japhkiel. After the division suffers injuries sustained in battles, division commander Ikki Yoneda and count Yoritsune Hakakōji are suddenly captured by Patrick and they are informed that the Theater has been taken over by the army and they are ordered on indefinite standby. Soletta Orihime is ordered to go in her Eisenkleid, but she is manipulated by Patrick. Meanwhile, Maria investigates the Douglas-Stewart facility and is injured following an ambush by Patrick. Back at the Flower Mansion, the seven remanining members of the Flower Division and Yokihiko Ōta of the Rose Division, who reveals that the army was being manipulated by Douglas-Stewart, work together to take back the theater. With the help of Kohran's Katsuryu-maru, the seven rebel against the army and successfully take back the theater. Following another battle with the Kouma, the Division confronts the manipulated Orihime. During the struggle, Lachette inadvetently destroys Leni's Eisenkleid in the process in an attempt to kill her. Orihime releases power blasts at the division, but they destroy her Eisenkleid, returning her to normal. Kayama rescues Yoneda and Hanakōji while the facility is destroyed, but Brent escapes and combines with the remaining Japhkiels. Brent overwhelms all of the protagonists and destroys Lachette's Eisenklied in the process. Following an ambush on Brent by division captain Ichirō Ōgami, the division defeats Brent and saves Japan. Meanwhile, Maria confronts and defeats Patrick on a rooftop. Later, the Flower Division puts on a play based on Kyōka Izumi's The Sea God's Villa and turns out to be a success. The film ends with Sakura walking down a street filled with cherry blossoms."] ['"Subway Stories," structured similarly to films such as "Paris, Je t\'aime" and "New York, I Love You," is divided according to director into short films, each with their own title, but strung almost seamlessly together. *"The Red Shoes" **Directed by Craig McKay, written by John Guare ***Starring Christine Lahti, Denis Leary, Kevin Corrigan, and N\'Bushe Wright, this segment portrays an altercation between an angry homeless man in a wheelchair and the business woman who he manages to enrage by repeatedly running over her feet with his chair. As another woman becomes involved, things take an unexpected turn into moral quandary, and it becomes clear that the subway-car-bound court of public opinion can as easily convict as free you. *"Fern\'s Heart of Darkness" **Directed by Patricia Benoit, written by Angela Todd ***Starring Bonnie Hunt as the titular Fern, and with a non-speaking appearance by Mekhi Phifer, this short follows the conservatively dressed Fern, a visitor to the city who is attempting to take the subway, rather than a cab, to a friend\'s home. Falling victim not to crime, but to her own fears and assumptions about big city people, whether or not they appear different from herself, Fern refuses to ask for or accept help from anyone, and finds herself lost and locked underground overnight. *"Underground" **Directed by Lucas Platt, written by Albert Innaurato ***Starring Mercedes Ruehl as a sensual older woman with unusual appetites, this short asks and answers the question: what does a young man  dumped by his girlfriend and beat up by her ex-boyfriend  and his friends need to soothe his bruised face and ego? *"Sax Cantor Riff" **Written and directed by Julie Dash ***Starring Taral Hicks, and with a brief appearance by Sam Rockwell, this short celebrates the unexpected musical gifts which the subway can give. In overlapping duets between a saxophone player , accompanying first a gospel singer, and then a Jewish singer, one finds the subway to be an underground Carnegie Hall - whether the music is born of the grief wrought by experiencing the death of a parent in public, or produced by the heart-rending lament of a Hasidic man\'s  unexpected emotional outpouring. *"Manhattan Miracle" **Directed by Ted Demme, written by Joe Viola ***Gregory Hines, world renowned dancer, stars here as a compelling and expressive observer who cannot ignore a woman in trouble on the other platform. With a soundtrack of Vivaldi\'s Concerto for Cello in D Minor providing atmosphere, he watches with growing concern and fear as a distressed pregnant woman  across from him decides whether to commit suicide by jumping onto the tracks. His act of skipping a train to try to gain the woman\'s attention and keep her from jumping, reveals in part why this short is a worthy capstone to this finely rendered collection.'] ['The basic storyline of the film follows Bobby and Scott, two young men in their late twenties who are struggling to make careers out of their artistic dreams but their competitiveness with each other gets in the way. Bobby is a screenwriter and Scott is a musician but neither of them are productive because they don\'t believe in themselves and they share incredibly high standards for their work. Bobby meets an old lover, Deirdre, who is headed to Los Angeles and she begs Bobby to take care of her dog while she\'s gone. Bobby agrees but only in exchange for a sexual favor. Later, when Bobby makes the mistake of sharing an idea for the opening of his new screenplay with Scott, Scott tells their mutual friend, Hart, a playwright, and Hart steals the idea, incorporating it in his new play "Death of a Banker", a campy morality tale about the September 11, 2001 attacks set to be performed off-Broadway later that month. Bobby loses Deirdre\'s dog and tries to figure out a way to get out of the situation.'] [' Divorced American Harvey Shine writes jingles for television commercials, a job not in keeping with his one-time aspiration to be a jazz composer and pianist. His position at work is tenuous as he departs for London to attend his daughter Susan\'s wedding. Upon arrival at Heathrow Airport, he encounters Kate Walker, a single Londoner who collects statistics from passengers as they pass through the terminals. Tired and anxious to get to his hotel, Harvey brusquely dismisses her when she approaches him to ask questions. Harvey is upset to discover his ex-wife Jean rented a house to accommodate family and friends from the States but failed to include him. At the rehearsal dinner on the night preceding the wedding, it becomes increasingly clear Harvey is considered a mere guest and the role of father of the bride has been delegated to Jean\'s husband Brian. When Harvey tells Susan, with whom he has shared a strained relationship since his divorce, that he will be attending the ceremony but not the subsequent reception because he needs to return to the States for an important meeting, she informs him she has asked her stepfather to give her away. Meanwhile, Kate is on a blind date that is not going well. When she returns to the table after taking yet another call from her neurotic mother Maggie, who is certain her Polish neighbor is burying bodies in a shed in his yard, she discovers her date has invited friends to join them. Feeling unwanted and excluded from the conversation, she eventually excuses herself and goes home. The following morning Harvey attends the wedding, but heavy traffic delays his arrival at Heathrow and he misses his flight. When he calls his boss Marvin to advise him he will be returning a day later than planned, he is fired. Determined to drown his sorrows, Harvey goes to an airport bar and sees Kate. Recognizing her from the day before, he apologizes for his rude behavior. She initially resists the attention he is paying her but finally joins him in conversation. Harvey follows Kate to the Heathrow Express and, upon arrival at Paddington station, asks if he can walk her to her writing class on the South Bank. She accepts his offer and is pleased when he offers to meet her after class. As they stroll along the River Thames, Harvey mentions he is missing Susan\'s wedding reception, and Kate urges him to go. He finally relents, but only if she will accompany him. When Kate insists she is not properly dressed for such an occasion, Harvey buys her a dress and the two head to the Grosvenor House Hotel, where they are welcomed coolly by Susan. When the father of the bride is called upon to make a toast, Brian rises and begins to speak until Harvey interrupts. He then delivers an eloquent speech that redeems him with his daughter and endears him to Kate. Immediately following the first dance of the bride and groom, the groom calls Harvey up to dance with his daughter for the Father-Daughter Dance. He happily does so, and then all the guests join them on the floor for the rumba, tango and other dances, with Harvey enjoying himself on the dance floor, alone. Kate is left at the table, once again in the same position as when she was on her blind date. Her smile becomes more strained as she looks about and sees herself alone at the table in a room of strangers for several dances, Harvey having apparently forgotten she was there. When she surmises he will not be coming to ask her to dance, her smile disappears and she quietly leaves the room and stands in front of the elevator, preparing to leave. Harvey, now looking for Kate, goes into the corridor and seeing her waiting for the elevator, he disappears into a side annex with a piano and begins to softly play one of his own jazz compositions for her. She hears the music and follows it, finding Harvey smiling and waiting for her. He asks her to return to the reception to dance and stay with him. She smiles and agrees. Following the reception, Harvey and Kate walk and talk until dawn. They exchange a single, gentle kiss and agree to meet at noon. At his hotel, Harvey experiences serious heart palpitations and is rushed to the hospital, where he receives a call from Marvin who, having discovered his employee is more indispensable than he thought, urges him to return to work as soon as possible. Harvey decides he prefers to remain in London and explore the possibility of a relationship with Kate. He tracks her down at her writing class and reveals why he missed their rendezvous. Overly cautious about romance because of so many past disappointments, Kate initially resists his suggestion that they see what the future might bring them, but finally agrees to give things a chance. As they slowly stroll away, Harvey invites Kate to ask him the questions she would have asked him at the airport terminal, and this time, he happily answers, telling her his place of residence "...is in transition."'] ['The film revolves around Hildur, a national celebrity and socialite who has to look for a job when her boyfriend Jolli is sent to prison. She finds a job at Astrópía, a store that sells role playing books and her immersion into geek culture changes her outlook on life.'] ['Three young women between the ages of 18 and 20 have been diagnosed with cancer. In the days between Christmas and New Year, the three girls manage to deal positively with the situation thanks to the company of each other.'] ['Jerry Maguire  is a glossy 35-year-old sports agent working for Sports Management International . After suffering a nervous breakdown as a result of stress and a guilty conscience, he writes a mission statement about perceived dishonesty in the sports management business and how he believes that it should be operated. He distributes copies of it, entitled "The Things We Think and Do Not Say: The Future of Our Business". His co-workers are touched by his honesty and greet him with applause, but the management sends Bob Sugar , Maguire\'s protégé, to fire him. Jerry and Sugar call all of Jerry\'s clients to try to convince them not to hire the services of the other. Jerry speaks to Arizona Cardinals wide receiver Rod Tidwell , one of his clients who is disgruntled with his contract. Rod tests Jerry\'s resolve through a very long telephone conversation, which culminates in the famed "Show Me the Money!" scene. Meanwhile, Sugar secures most of Jerry\'s previous clients. Frank "Cush" Cushman , a superstar quarterback prospect from Southern Methodist University expected to be #1 in the NFL Draft, also stays with Jerry after he makes a visit to the Cushman home. Leaving the office, Jerry announces he will start his own agency and asks if anyone is willing to join him, to which only 26-year-old single mother Dorothy Boyd  agrees. The two had previously bumped into each other in the airport and Boyd had told Maguire personally how inspiring she found his "memo." Jerry travels to the NFL Draft with Cush and convinces Rod to come too, to meet representatives of other NFL teams. Though Rod at first feels neglected compared to the superstar Cush, Sugar contacts Matt Cushman , Cush\'s dad, while Jerry is in the lobby with Rod and re-signs Cush to SMI. Jerry is devastated and turns to his fiancée Avery  for support, but she rebukes him and he breaks up with her. He then turns to Dorothy, becoming closer to her young son, Ray, and eventually starts a relationship with her. However, Dorothy contemplates moving to San Diego as she has a secure job offer there. Jerry concentrates all his efforts on Rod, now his only client, who turns out to be very difficult to satisfy. Over the next several months, the two direct harsh criticism towards each other with Rod claiming that Jerry is not trying hard enough to get him a contract while Jerry claims that Rod is not proving himself worthy of the money for which he asks. Jerry marries Dorothy to help them both stay afloat financially and to keep her from moving away. He is emotionally and physically distant during the marriage, but is clearly invested in becoming a father to Ray. Although Dorothy is in love, she breaks up with him because she believes he does not love her. Before the start of a Monday Night Football game between the Cardinals and the Dallas Cowboys, Sugar attempts to steal Rod, but is rebuked by Rod and Jerry. The two reconcile soon after. Rod plays well but appears to receive a serious injury when catching a touchdown. He recovers, however, and dances for the crowd, which cheers wildly. Afterwards, Jerry and Rod embrace in front of other athletes and sports agents and show how their relationship has progressed from a strictly business one to a close personal one, which was one of the points Jerry made in his mission statement. Jerry then flies back home to meet Dorothy. He walks in and, in front of her friends, says "Hello." He then speaks for several minutes, telling her that he loves her and wants her in his life, ending with the statement, "You complete me." Dorothy\'s reply to Jerry is, "You had me at hello". Rod later appears on Roy Firestone\'s sports show. Unbeknownst to him, Jerry has secured him an $11.2 million contract with the Cardinals that will allow him to finish his pro football career in Arizona. The visibly emotional Rod proceeds to thank everyone and extends warm gratitude to Jerry. Jerry speaks with several other pro athletes, some of whom have read his earlier mission statement and respect his work with Tidwell. The film ends with Jerry, Dorothy and Ray walking in the park and stumbling across a Little League baseball game. When the ball lands near them, Ray throws it back; a surprised Jerry then comments on his natural throwing ability , much to Dorothy\'s dismay.'] ["Vishnu , a restless young man, itches to escape his father's faltering hair oil business. An old truck beckons, which, Vishnu sees as his ticket to freedom. He offers to drive the 1942 Chevy across the desert to the sea, where it has been sold to a local museum. As he sets off across the harsh terrain of desert India, he discovers he's not merely transporting a battered vehicle but an old touring cinema. Along the way, Vishnu reluctantly picks up a young runaway , a wandering old entertainer  and a striking gypsy woman . Together they roam in the barren land, searching for water and an elusive fair. The journey turns dire when they are waylaid by corrupt cops and a notorious water lord. The key to their freedom is the eccentric collection of films and the two forty-year-old film projectors in the back of the truck. As in '1001 Nights', if the films are good, they live and move on. If the films are boring, they face death in the outback. The journey proves transformative for each of the travelers, but especially for Vishnu who discovers life, love and laughter on the Indian highway."] ['The film tells the story of a group of people during the summer: football fans, loving couples, single fathers, beautiful women and businessmen, emigrants who return to their country and great dramatic actors forced into comic situations etc.'] ['Peter Hadley  is an overachieving medical student at UCLA. Peter earns failing grades from his professor, who is also his father  and unable to graduate he becomes bitter and disillusioned. He then meets up with the free spirited Bogart . The two of them go back to her apartment after a night of drinking and have casual sex. Afterwards she gets up to go for a drive and asks Peter if he\'d like to come, to which he agrees. The two of them drive northwards through the night and Peter eventually falls asleep. When he wakes up, he finds that Bogart has driven him all the way to Humboldt County. It is here that he meets her family. Jack  and Rosie  took her in when her family abandoned her, and they became her surrogate parents. He also meets Max ([[Chris Messina , Jack and Rosie\'s son and Charity , Max\'s daughter. After an uncomfortable night in which Peter finds out that they are all involved in farming pot, he finally manages to go to sleep. He is woken up in the morning by Max, who plays a prank on him which involved pretending to be shot and having a fake blood-covered Charity pretend to be dying. When he gets dressed, he finds out that Bogart has left. Stranded and unwilling to call his father for help, Peter\'s only choice is to take the bus, which won\'t come for another day. Max enlists him to help him with his marijuana crop, to which Peter reluctantly complies. After a day of working on some irrigation problems, they relax back at Jack and Rosie\'s. Bob and Steve , friends of Max arrive bloodied and dirty. Some local hicks found their garden, roughed them both up and stole their plants. The next day, Peter helps Max again with his plants. He becomes so focused on it that he misses the bus again. It is after this that he begins to bond with Max and the rest of his family. He quickly falls in love with the place and stops trying to leave, developing feelings similar to Stockholm Syndrome. He begins to understand empathy and love . When Jack asks him what he plans to do after this, Peter is stunned to realize that he\'d never thought that there would be an "after this". His sudden fear that he\'d never leave is furthered by a conversation that he has with Bob and Steve in a bar. Steve explains that almost everyone who is in Humboldt County now came there from somewhere else and never left, including Jack and Rosie. He also reveals that he was in Peter\'s shoes a few years earlier; he was a student at Stanford and followed a girl here and never left. When Peter doubts that their scenarios were the same, Steve also mentions that the girl he followed was Bogart. When they get up to leave, Bob refuses because he sees the guys that stole their plants sitting at a table behind them. While he and Steve argue about whether or not he\'s actually going to say something, Peter drunkenly walks over and confronts them. He then throws his drink in one of their faces and they all run out of the bar with the hicks in pursuit. They get away and are walking through the woods, laughing about what Peter had just done when Steve says that he wants to show them something. He takes them up to an unfamiliar area of the woods where there is a massive plantation, at least fifty plants. Steve and Bob start to steal a couple because they figured that no one would notice. At this time, Peter notices a sleeping bag on the ground just seconds before someone fires a shotgun at them. As they run away, Peter stops and looks back and sees that the person chasing them is Max. It\'s revealed that this is his secret garden. Max is angry and feels betrayed that he caught Peter stealing his plants and he yells at him to leave. When Peter gets back to Jack\'s, Jack confronts him and asks him how many plants Max has. At first, he is hesitant to answer, so Jack takes him out on a nature walk and explains to him the dangers of having more than a few plants. He believes that by growing only twenty plants, he makes enough to get by and keeps from attracting the fed\'s attention. He warns Peter against letting greed run his life, because doing so destroys the entire reason they came out to the lost coast in the first place. After this, he goes to Max\'s house and asks him why he didn\'t tell him about the other plants. It\'s at this time that a federal police cruiser comes by and arrests Peter and Max. Peter is interrogated, but he reveals nothing and they are let go. Afterwards Peter starts to question why he is still there. The next day, Jack has a BBQ. He confronts Max about his secret crop. Without answering his question, Max instead mocks Jack, saying that the feds are probably there for all of the research that Jack has been doing all of these years. Jack angrily storms off and Rosie reveals to Peter that Jack isn\'t Max\'s father. Jack, Rosie and her then-husband, Charlie were all friends when they worked as professors at UCLA and they decided to move to Humboldt County together. However, eventually Charlie, who had been a long time alcoholic and drinking buddy of Jack\'s, died in a car accident while suffering from an episode of extreme alcohol withdrawal. Peter decides that he can\'t be a part of Max\'s operation any more and he tries to leave. Max gets angry and tells him that this isn\'t a game and he can\'t back out, but Peter starts walking away anyway. Max then starts to cry and tells Peter that if he doesn\'t pull this off, Charity will end up just like him. While this affects Peter greatly, he still continues to walk off. Charity then finds Peter crying by a tree and asks him what\'s wrong. He asks her what she wants to be when she grows up and she says an astronaut. When she asks him what he wants to be, he says that he no longer knows, and she says that that\'s all right, which comforts Peter. The next day, Peter\'s father shows up at the house, using Star-69 and MapQuest he managed to find where Peter was. After a brief visit with Jack and Rosie, where he is greatly put off to find that this is where his son has been all this time, he tells Peter that they\'re leaving, and Peter reluctantly goes with him despite his new-found bond with Jack and Rosie. As they\'re driving, his father tells Peter that he decided to pass him, but this news doesn\'t affect Peter much. He then sees Bob and Steve speeding down the road in the opposite direction, followed by Max and then by a federal helicopter. Peter realizes that they must have found Max\'s secret crop and are on their way to raid it. He gets out of the car and tells his father to head for the beach  and he runs off to stop Max from trying to save his crop. Peter\'s father gets to the beach, where he finds Jack along with all of the other local pot farmers. He informs him that Peter took off. Jack hadn\'t seen Max anywhere and he connected the dots and headed off towards Max\'s crop. When Peter gets there, he finds Max trying to save as many of his plants before the DEA gets there and Peter begins to help. Then the feds show up and Peter and Max narrowly manage to hide themselves. Then Jack shows up and leads them both back to the beach, where Charity happily reunites with Max. Peter says that he\'s sorry to Max for his loss and Max tells him not to take it so seriously. That night, Max is at the bar drowning his sorrows when his drunken behavior gets him kicked out. He is then seen driving down the highway and laughing to himself. The scene then cuts to the next day when a sheriff shows up at Jack and Rosie\'s and informs them that Max is dead. They then call Peter, who is staying at a hotel with his father, and tell him. He attends the funeral and afterwards finds Jack in his study, weeping to himself. Jack is ridden with guilt, he says that it was his idea to come up there and he blames himself for the death of Charlie and now Max. He breaks down saying that he has nothing left, but Peter then tells him that has so much left and that he had not yet reached the event horizon . The ending is left up to the viewer for interpretation. It shows Peter and his father having breakfast at a diner before leaving back for Los Angeles. A bus then pulls up outside as one of the passengers needs to use the bathroom. Peter then gets up – his father apparently assuming he is going to the bathroom – and heads outside and gets on the bus, which then leaves when the other passenger gets back.'] ["The story follows relationship between Walt , a gay store clerk, and two younger Mexican boys, Johnny  and Roberto Pepper . Walt and his female friend  convince them to come over for dinner, but Johnny and Pepper have to return to their cheap hotel because another friend is locked out. Walt makes his first pass at Johnny by offering him $15 to sleep with him. Johnny refuses and runs to his hotel room, leaving Pepper locked out with nowhere to spend the night but Walt's. Settling for second best, Walt lies down next to Pepper and allows him on top for sex. However, he does not give up on trying to win over Johnny. The film progresses from there into not always clearly defined relationships, unbalanced by age, language, race, sexuality, and money."] ['The film opens with a montage tracing the building\'s history, as wealthy expatriate and Egyptian residents give way, after the 1952 coup that overthrew King Farouk and eventually resulted in the installation of Gamal Abdel Nasser as President of Egypt, to new families, and as the rooftop storage rooms are converted into living space for lower-class families. The rooftop community, effectively a slum neighborhood, is symbolic of the urbanization of Egypt and of the burgeoning population growth in its large cities in recent decades, especially among the poor and working classes. In the faded apartments of the main floors and on the building\'s teeming roof, the films\'s principal characters are introduced: *Zaki Pasha el Dessouki  &ndash; a wealthy and elderly foreign-educated engineer who spends most of his time pursuing women and who maintains an office in the Yacoubian, he personifies the ruling class prior to the Revolution: cosmopolitan, cultured, western in outlook, and not particularly observant of Islam *Taha el Shazli  &ndash; the son of the building doorman, he excelled in school and hoped to be admitted to the Police Academy but found that his father\'s profession, considered too lowly by the generals conducting his character interview, was an obstacle to admission; disaffected, he enrolls at the University and eventually joins a militant Islamist organization modeled upon the Jamaa Islamya *Buthayna el Sayed  &ndash; initially Taha\'s childhood sweetheart, she is forced to find a job to help support her family after her father dies and is disillusioned to find that her male employer expects sexual favors from her and her female coworkers in exchange for additional money and gifts on the side, and that her mother expects her to preserve her virginity while not refusing her boss\'s sexual advances outright; embittered, she eventually comes to use her beauty as a tool to advance her own interests but finds herself falling in love with Zaki Bey el Dessouki, whom she\'d been planning with Malak to swindle out of his apartment *Malak  &ndash; a shirtmaker and petty schemer seeking to open a shop on the Yacoubian\'s roof and then to insinuate himself into one of the more posh apartments downstairs *Hatim Rasheed  &ndash; the son of an Egyptian father who was a noted legal scholar and a French mother, he is the editor of Le Caire, a French language daily newspaper; more attention is paid to his private life, for he is a fairly open homosexual in a society which either looks the other way or openly condemns such behavior and inclinations *Hagg Muhammad Azzam  &ndash; one of Egypt\'s wealthiest men and a migrant to Cairo from the countryside, in the space of thirty years he has gone from shoeshiner to self-made millionaire; he seeks an acceptable and legal outlet for his  resurgent libido in a secret, second marriage to an attractive young widow, and also realizes his goal of serving in the People\'s Assembly , but comes face to face with the enormous corruption, graft, and bribery of contemporary Egyptian politics. *Christine  &ndash; a world-weary chanteuse who advises Zaki Bey on his love life and whose poignant singing of European songs like "La Vie en Rose" punctuates the film. The stories of each of the primary characters are intertwined, at times colliding or converging with one another. Together, they give a biting condemnation of a nation that has squandered its promise and which has been forced to compromise its own principles, resulting in a corrupt and undemocratic political system dominated by a single party (the fictitious "Patriotic Party", a thinly-veiled version of Egypt\'s [[National Democratic Party . The unlikely pairing of the elderly roué and the disillusioned young girl that ends the film provides a closing grace note that can be seen as a ray of hope against the death and unhappiness that has befallen the other characters.'] ['Keri Russell plays Jenna, a waitress living in the American South, who is trapped in an unhappy marriage with the abusive Earl . She works in Joe\'s Pie Diner, where her job includes creating inventive pies with unusual titles inspired by her life, such as the "Bad Baby Pie" she invents after her unwanted pregnancy is confirmed. Jenna longs to run away from her dismal marriage, and is slowly accumulating money to do so. She pins her hopes for escape on a pie contest in a nearby town, which offers a $25,000 grand prize, but her husband won\'t let her go. Her only friends are coworkers Becky and Dawn , and Joe , the curmudgeonly owner of the diner and several other local businesses, who encourages her to begin a new life elsewhere. Jenna\'s life changes after she meets her new physician, Jim Pomatter . He has moved to the small town to accommodate his wife, who is completing her residency at the local hospital, and is filling in for the woman who has been Jenna\'s doctor since childhood. The two are attracted to each other, and over the course of several pre-natal appointments the attraction grows. After Dr. Pomatter invites her into the office under a quickly exposed pretext, she impulsively initiates a passionate  affair. Prompted by the gift of a baby journal, Jenna begins to keep a diary, ostensibly for her unborn child, with voiceovers giving the viewer access to her thoughts about that future child and her own plans. Between these entries, her relationship with Dr. Pomatter, and the thoughts she reveals as she describes the various pies she creates, the audience gets to know her evolving hopes and dreams, concerns and fears, and slowly growing attachment to the baby she at first didn\'t want. After giving birth, Jenna bonds immediately with the baby girl she names Lulu. Earl, clearly disappointed it\'s a girl and witnessing that bonding, reminds Jenna of a promise he had forced her to make earlier not to love the baby more than she does him. That comment, the proverbial straw that broke the camel\'s back, wipes away any concerns she has about her lack of money and her fear of her husband. With determined frankness she tells him bluntly she hasn\'t loved him in years, will no longer put up with his possessiveness and abuse, and wants a divorce. Later, while Becky and Dawn are helping her prepare to leave the hospital and letting her know that Joe had collapsed and died, Jenna remembers an envelope Joe had brought to her before the birth, when she finds out he had been admitted as a patient in the same hospital. In the envelope she finds a handmade card with a sketch of her, a check for $270,450, and a message of friendship that urges her to start her life anew. While leaving the hospital, Dr. Pomatter wants to have a word with her in private regarding their affair and what is to happen now. She promptly breaks it off, handing him a chocolate Moon Pie and asks her friends to wheel her out. On the way out they ask her what that was all about, to which she coolly replies that she was having an affair with him and just ended it. An epilogue depicts Jenna winning the pie contest, and becoming the new owner of the diner where she worked, now called Lulu\'s Pies, serving brightly colored pies to her customers and friends. The final shot shows her walking home hand-in-hand with the now toddler-aged Lulu .'] ['In the prologue, a young Max Skinner spends his childhood summer holidays learning to appreciate the finer things in life at his Uncle Henry\'s vineyard estate in Provence in southeastern France. Some 25 years later, Max is an unethical, aggressive, hard-working London-based investment trader. Following his uncle\'s death, Max is the sole beneficiary of the French property. He travels to Provence to prepare a quick sale. Shortly after arriving he knocks a local cafe owner, named Fanny Chenal, off her bicycle as a result of his careless driving. Subsequently, he discovers that his latest City financial stunt has landed him in hot water with the UK government and with his firm\'s directors, necessitating his return to London. To assist in his planned sale of the property, Max hurriedly snaps some photos and in the process falls into an empty swimming pool. He is unable to escape until Fanny Chenal, driving by and spotting his rental car, appears and turns on the water supply in retaliation. This delay causes Max to miss his flight and having failed to report to the directors in person, he is suspended from work and trading activities for one week. On Henry\'s estate, Max must deal with a gruff, dedicated winemaker, Francis Duflot, who fears being separated from his precious vines. Duflot pays a vineyard inspector to tell Max that the soil is bad and the vines worthless. In the meantime, they are surprised by the unexpected arrival of young Napa Valley oenophile Christie Roberts, who is backpacking through Europe and claims to be Henry\'s previously unknown illegitimate daughter. Max is concerned that she might lay claim to the estate. Worried about being usurped by Kenny, his second-in-command in London , Max intentionally gives the ambitious young trader bad advice, which gets him fired. Max becomes enamored with the beautiful, feisty café owner Fanny, who is rumored to have sworn off men. He successfully woos Fanny into his bed, where she leaves Max the next morning expecting him to return to his life in London. A disillusioned Christie also decides to move on and the estate is sold. Max returns to his life in London where Sir Nigel, the company chairman, offers Max a choice: "Money or your life." He must either choose a discharge settlement, which includes "a lot of zeros," or accept the offer of a partnership in the trading firm, where he would then be "made for life". Max chooses the money. He then cleverly invalidates the estate\'s contract of sale by forging a letter from Henry  confirming that Christie is his daughter and also has a valid claim on the property. He puts his London residence up for sale and returns to Provence, entering into a relationship with Fanny. Christie also returns and she and Francis now jointly have to run the vineyard while trying to reconcile their vastly different philosophies of wine production. Meanwhile Max is now able to focus his entire attention on Fanny.'] ["Đuro  works at Gajaš's  automechanic shop. He falls in love with Bronja,  who is married to Lepec,  the town's biggest thug. Đuro and Bronja have an affair and Lepec finds out about it. In the meantime, Gajaš dreams about Severina, a well-known Croatian pop star, who is on tour in the town."] ["Jake Bianski is the owner of a fish market in the North End of Boston, Massachusetts. For the past eight years he actively has pursued his former girlfriend Isabella, despite the fact she is married and has three children. Anxious to put an end to their boss' obsession with his one-time love, Steve Bottino and Gianluca Tempesti arrange for him to meet veterinarian Marisa Costa at a dance for singles at the local Italian club. On their first date, a deluded Jake confesses he is involved with another woman and suggests he and Marisa become friends rather than lovers. After years of rejecting Jake's advances, Isabella finally leaves her husband, and she and her children move into Jake's small apartment above his fish store. Before long, her husband has convinced her to return home, and Jake finally admits he and Isabella have no future together. He follows Marisa to Italy, where he discovers she is involved with another man, but once again Jake refuses to accept reality and, determined to win her back, he begins to woo Marisa."] ["Inés, Eva and Carmen, three women of different generations, work as private detectives for an investigation agency run by Valbuena, their male chauvinist boss. Inés, the youngest and more ambitious of the three is assigned to work undercover as a factory employee to spy on the activities of its union leaders. However, her investigation brings her face to face with a difficult emotional and ethical decision. She wants to get higher up in the agency with this, the agency’s most important case, but she falls in love with Manuel, one of the key members she is investigating. Her professional ethics and her amorous feelings for Manuel turn her life into turmoil not knowing what to do. Eva, has just returned to work at the detective agency after having had her second child. She is assigned to a rather mundane case of tracking down an old man's first love. Eva finds juggling her responsibilities very hard and her controlling character does not make it any easier: she never lets her husband Iñaki do any work but then resents him for not doing anything. When a mysterious woman called Marta appears in Iñaki’s life, Eva starts an investigation into her spouse’s secret life stumbling upon the possibility that her husband may not only be having an affair but leading a double life with another wife and family. She follows him from Madrid to Saragosa where she quickly finds what he her husband has been hiding. He have had a son born from a previous relationship before his marriage and now has become a willing participant in the life of a child, previously ignored. Carmen, the oldest and most experienced of the three detectives, is on a routine investigation of the business partner and wife of Sergio, a photographer whose wife is having an affair with his business partner and close friend. Carmen sympathizes with Sergio's marital collapse not seeming to notice the dire straits of her own marriage."] ['{{Expand section}} Aura returns home from her Midwest liberal arts college to her artist family’s TriBeCa loft with nothing but a film studies degree, a failed relationship, and a lack of direction. She takes a job as a hostess at a restaurant and falls into relationships with two self-centered men while struggling to define herself.'] ["Lionel, a widower who drives RER trains in metropolitan Paris, has raised his daughter Josephine alone for many years. They have always shared a special bond and live a secure and contented life somewhat isolated from others, in an apartment building in a suburb of Paris. Josephine, an anthropology student, is now grown and become a young woman, but she remains deeply devoted to her father. They have developed a loose family with other residents of the building: Gabrielle, a cab driver and another neighbor, who once had a love affair with Lionel; and Noé, a moody young man who lives with his cat and has feelings for Josephine. Noé leads a disorganized life and goes abroad often. Gabrielle appears to have feelings for Lionel and motherly feelings towards Josephine. Both father and daughter are ambivalent toward more than a casual friendship with anyone outside their special relationship. While attending the retirement party for a colleague and friend, Lionel declines to try the customary feat of downing 35 shots of rum. His colleague appears to be lost without his job, and Lionel realizes that time is moving on. He  must find meaning and security in things other than his present life, lest he end up the same way. During an outing with Gabrielle and Noé, their car breaks down and the four friends take refuge in a closed bar. Noé shows his feelings for Josephine, and Lionel realizes that she must eventually leave him. He knows that she needs to live her own life independent of him. When Lionel's former colleague commits [[suicide] on the RER tracks, Lionel has to stop his train when he comes across the body. In the end, Josephine weds a nervous but happy Noé. At the party, Lionel successfully downs 35 shots of rum in celebration of the occasion. It is not clear whether he does so in joy or in sadness. He returns home to live alone."] ['Shooting the Past delves into a world quite separate from modern life, and demonstrates that the preservation of the past, in order to tell the extraordinary stories of the lives of ordinary people, can be astonishingly powerful and revealing. An American company buys the building in which the Fallon Photo Library is kept, planning a complete remodeling and modernisation to turn it into a business school. The company president, Christopher Anderson, had informed one of the members of staff, Oswald, but Oswald fails to pass on the news. On their arrival, having expected the library of ten million photographs to have been disposed of and the building evacuated, Anderson tell the staff that the majority of the collection must be destroyed if they cannot sell it. However, the staff members believe that the collection must be kept in its entirety, not broken up or sold to different buyers. As such, there is little interest. Marilyn manages to make a successful pitch to an advertising company, but as most of the collection is in black and white the potential sale falls through. To prove the value of their library, the group presents Anderson with intriguing stories put together by researching photos from all over the collection, including finally the colourful history of his own grandmother. The research has been conducted largely by Oswald. Finally convinced that the collection should be saved and kept whole, Anderson finds a buyer in America who will accept all ten million pictures.'] ["The film opens as Florence Marr  walks the Greenberg family dog, Mahler. She picks up Phillip Greenberg's dry cleaning and heads back to his house, where the entire family is packing for a trip to Vietnam. Phillip  explains that his brother, Roger, will be staying in the house while they are away, and he asks Florence to help Roger if he needs anything. His wife, Carol , confides that Roger has just been released from a hospital after suffering a nervous breakdown. When Roger  arrives, he calls Florence to ask about the people swimming in the pool. Florence explains that they are neighbors who are allowed to use the pool. She comes to the house to pick up her paycheck and feed Mahler. She has a very brief and awkward conversation with Roger, before offering to pick up groceries for him. He gives her a two-item list, requesting whiskey and ice cream sandwiches. Roger's friend Ivan Schrank  stops by and invites him to a barbecue at their mutual friend Eric Beller's . At the party, Roger is uncomfortable, and Eric is visibly hostile towards him. He runs into Beth , an ex-girlfriend, and she agrees to meet up with him for some drinks. He explains that he is in Los Angeles to simply do nothing for a while. She replies that it is brave for a man in his mid-forties to have no ambition. Eric and Roger have dinner, where Eric vents his anger over the fact that Roger declined a major label recording contract that their band was offered fifteen years ago. Eric marvels over the fact that Ivan will even talk to Roger anymore, given how devastated Ivan was by losing the contract. Roger insists that conforming to the commercial contract would have been impossible for the band. Meanwhile, he calls Florence to meet up for a drink. Since he does not drive, as a New Yorker, she picks him up. They stop at her apartment to pick up her purse, which she forgot. Roger comes on to her, and they begin to have sex. Having just come out of a long relationship, Florence stops Roger, not wanting to have meaningless sex. One day, Roger notices that Mahler is lethargic. He calls Florence to take them to a vet, where they learn that the dog has an auto-immune disease. Roger did not want to get involved with Florence, but as they encounter each other during Mahler's treatment, they keep escalating their relationship, with Florence falling hard for Roger. When Roger meets up with Beth for drinks, it is her turn to be uncomfortable. She barely remembers their relationship; whereas, he remembers the most minute details from their time together. Roger muses that they would have probably gotten married and had kids, to Beth's astonishment. When Roger asks her out on a date, she says it would be a 'terrible idea' and abruptly asks for the check. After Florence and Roger finally have sex, they end up in an argument, where he yells at her for always coming back to him, despite the fact that he does not want to get involved. The next day, Roger remorsefully calls her, and Florence is getting drunk in her apartment alone. She confesses that she is due to have an abortion the next day. Roger convinces her to let him take her to the clinic. Since he does not drive, Ivan has to drive Roger and Florence to the clinic. She undergoes a general anaesthetic and stays in the clinic overnight. Back at the house, Roger's college-age niece, Sara  has turned up. She is heading to Australia the next morning with her friend, Muriel , and they throw a house party with dozens of their friends. Roger does drugs with the kids. Ivan shows up and gets into an argument with Roger, where his hurt feelings over the record contract come up. Roger confesses that he had no idea that his personal concerns about the contract would put a stop to the entire deal, and he admits to feeling an immense burden of guilt over it. Both Ivan and Roger bemoan the fact that they have ended up in lives that they did not plan to have; however, Ivan has made peace with his. Dejected, Roger ends up calling Florence's phone and leaving her a long voice mail where he confesses that he really likes her. The next day, Roger's niece invites him to Australia, and he jumps at the invitation. He convinces the neighbors in the pool to take care of Mahler, but on the way to the airport, he changes his mind. Instead, he goes to pick up Florence at the hospital, and they return to her apartment. The film closes as she listens to Roger's voice mail."] ['Ellie Harris  goes to her sister Kate\'s  residential home, Woodlane, in search of a job. Ellie has some trouble adjusting to her new job but quickly befriends a resident named Alice . Ellie decides to have talks with Alice and neglects parts of her job, much to her sister\'s annoyance. She also has trouble doing what she is told by the residents. Because of her friendship with Alice, Ellie decides to help her feel better by taking her down to the river  and giving her marijuana to ease her pain. The next day, however, Ellie finds out that Alice has died. Kate gets news that their mother had a stroke and decides to be with her. She asks Ellie to stay behind with the four residents that are staying over the Christmas holiday because Ellie and her mother do not get along. Georgia Platts  is a former actress and singer. The Nightingale sisters, Heather  and Hazel , are spinsters who moved in after spending years taking care of their mother. Donald Vanston  is a recovering alcoholic who enjoys playing piano and used to be a judge. These four residents are driving out others with their eccentric ways. They also seem to believe that, because they pay to be there, they can act however they please. While Ellie is watching over them, she learns more about the residents. Donald requests his breakfast in his room at 6 o\'clock instead of in the dining room at the usual time at 8. After he gets upset that his order is wrong, she tells him that he can have breakfast in the dining room like everyone else. Donald reveals to Ellie that the music he plays at night is his late wife\'s favorite song and that he regrets not sobering up before she died. Heather demands that she be given any letters addressed to her sister to keep from upsetting her. However, Kate neglected to tell Ellie this and she got a letter for Hazel from the postman. When Ellie goes to give the letter to Hazel in her room, she notices sketches and paintings in her room and realizes that Hazel is a talented artist. Hazel finds Ellie in her room and demands that she leave. Ellie then slips the letter under the door. It is then revealed that Heather has been writing as Hazel when Hazel\'s son Simon, whom she was forced to give up for adoption, tried to find her. Heather later tells Hazel that she was afraid that Simon would take Hazel away from her. Hazel then tells Heather that she will always love her and they decide to meet Simon together in the new year. Georgia constantly asks for Ellie to make her martinis and makes frequent trips to the local pub to entertain the patrons. Georgia tells Ellie that after her husband died, she decided to get back into the theater, but realized that everything had changed since she was young. She then moved into Woodlane because she hated being alone and that abusing everyone is "part of the fun". Ellie decides to have a Christmas dinner with the residents and they all go out to buy decorations and food . They decide to have a drink in the pub and Ellie points out Hazel\'s paintings hung on the wall behind them. Heather then shows everyone her talent at playing pool. They all drive back to the home while singing carols. They then have their Christmas dinner together and start to get along with each other. The next day, Mr. Evans , from the Department of Health, arrives and is shocked that Kate would leave residents alone. The residents band together saying that they wanted to stay and that they are a family. Donald then asks if he wants to stay for dinner, but Mr. Evans leaves, startled. He then comes back saying that he was upset because his wife just left him and he stays for dinner. Later, when Kate returns, Heather is shown keeping a garden, Hazel is painting outside, and Donald and Georgia are handing out tea to some boys who are raking the lawn. Ellie then tells Kate that she has decided to leave and will spend some time with their mother. At the end, Donald and Georgia are dancing outside, singing How About You?'] ['The film centers on two strangers, an actor preparing for an upcoming role and a cashier. Through circumstance, the two end up driving around Los Angeles together while having a number of conversations about life and exploring the differences and similarities between their worlds.'] ["Ann, a widowed model , has a date with her old friend Larry , who is an engineer just returned from working in South America. Ann has a seven-year-old daughter, Peggy , who has mixed feelings about her mother's relationship.<ref namehttp://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?stidFull%20Synopsis |title2009-04-18 |workTurner Classic Movies }} The three visit the Museum of Modern Art and Central Park, and Larry buys Peggy a toy boat to win her friendship, while at the same time wooing her mother. Larry and Ann visit other places in New York with and without Peggy, and it soon becomes apparent that they have fallen in love. Peggy begins to like Larry but grows petulant, and repeatedly tries to disrupt her mother's romance. When they get home, Peggy claims that Larry was impatient, fed her bad food and hit her when she stumbled. Ann cancels her plans to join Larry for an important dinner with his boss that night. He denies that and leaves angrily. Ann and Larry do not talk for a few days, but begin to miss each other. Larry buys a puppy for Peggy, and they reconcile."] ["Rebecca is a film actress, who is about to make her stage debut at Lincoln Center. Her husband, Tom gave up a lucrative job in advertising to take care of their young daughter. Occasionally, Tom and Rebecca have sex; once a year, they meet with their therapist, Dr. Beekman. Tom and Rebecca's best friends are her brother Tobey, a sportswriter, and his girlfriend Elaine. Elaine, who has been dating Tobey for seven years, has begun to feel the ticking of her biological clock. Tom and Rebecca each face extramarital temptations. Tom responds to a personal crisis that stems from his decision to choose kids over career by watching pornography and having an affair with a divorced mother from his son's school. Rebecca is pursued on the set by a young costar, Jasper, who would like to be able to claim that he's bedded a famous actress."] ['Surfer, Dude is the story of Steve Addington, a soul-searching surfer who experiences an existential crisis when no waves come for over a month, whilst at the same time a virtual reality game is created emulating surfing, that completely freaks him out, and he refuses sponsorship.'] ['Matthew  is a teenage boy in New York who has therapy together with his father because of their troubled communication. The boy runs away after a session. His mother is worried but his father is not. Matthew stays in a park at night, where he is picked up by a couple. They give him alcohol and drugs, after which the woman has sex with Matthew while the man watches. Nadia  abandons the place where she lives. She has a meal on the stairs of a house. The woman living there tells her to leave, but Nadia refuses. The woman throws a bucket of water over her, after which Nadia beats her.'] ["The Story is set in Japan beginning from the 1990s and ending in modern day, with each segment centered on a boy named Takaki Tōno. It is important to note that the first episode takes place during a time period when cell phones are uncommon and email has not yet reached the general populace.  Takaki Tōno quickly befriends Akari Shinohara when she transfers to his elementary school. They grow closer to each other due to similar interests and attitudes; for instance, they both prefer to stay inside during recess due to their seasonal allergies. As a result, they form a strong bond; they speak to each other using their given names without any form of honorifics, which is a sign of deep friendship and familiarity in Japan. This fact is lost in the movie's translation to English and other languages, which reduces the implied closeness of their relationship. Upon graduating from elementary school, Akari moves to Tochigi, due to her parents' jobs. The two keep in contact by writing letters, but eventually begin to drift apart. When Takaki learns that his family will be moving to Kagoshima, he decides to personally go see Akari, since they will be too far apart to visit each other at all after moving. He also prepares a letter for Akari, containing his feelings. However, during the journey he loses the letter and a severe snowstorm continuously delays Takaki's trip for several hours. As the two meet and share their first kiss, Takaki realizes they will never be together again. Stranded in a shed due to the snowstorm, they fall asleep after talking late into the night. Takaki departs the next morning, and they promise to continue writing to each other. As the train rolls away, Takaki thinks that the loss of his letter is not important any more after that kiss, while Akari silently looks at her own letter addressed to Takaki.  Takaki is now in the third year of senior high in Tanegashima, where the Tanegashima Space Center is located. Kanae Sumida, a classmate of Takaki, had fallen in love with him ever since meeting him in middle school, but does not have the courage to confess her feelings. She tries to spend time with him, waiting long after school for the chance to travel home together. However, Takaki appears ignorant to Kanae's feelings and treats her as a good friend. Kanae observes that Takaki is always writing emails to someone, or staring off into the distance as if searching for something far, far away. It is later shown that Takaki's emails are not being sent to anyone, and he has had recurring dreams which feature Akari. Despite Kanae's feelings, she eventually realizes that Takaki is looking for something far beyond what she can offer and decides against telling him how she feels.  It is 2008, where Takaki is now a computer programmer in Tokyo, and Akari is preparing to get married to someone. Kanae is not strongly depicted in this segment. Takaki is still longing for Akari to the detriment of his lifestyle, which is acknowledged by an ex-girlfriend. This leads to Takaki on the verge of a breakdown and leaving his job. Akari goes through her old possessions and finds the letter addressed to Takaki. Takaki and Akari have a dual narration, both recalling a recent dream depicting the events of their last meeting in the snow, and hoping to watch the cherry blossoms together again. One day while walking down a road, Takaki and Akari appear to pass and recognize each other at a train crossing, where they decided to watch cherry blossoms together right before Akari's sudden moving to Tochigi 13 years ago. At opposite sides of the tracks, they both stop and begin to look back, but the passing trains cut off their view. Takaki waits for the trains to pass, but sees that Akari is gone. After a moment, he smiles to himself and continues walking."] ['Door-to-door salesman, Jerry Arthur’s life is filled with slamming doors and low expectations. The world has lost its attraction.\xa0He is a middle-aged divorcee with an unsure and unwanted future, a daughter he has not seen or spoken to in years, a dead-end job and low self-esteem. In other words, Jerry is close to hitting rock bottom. But one day Jerry stumbles on a group of young people with their futures before them. Their energy and music reminds him that you can influence your life for the better regardless of the past...if you choose to do so. Through new and old friends alike, Jerry discovers you can move forward even when you can’t see exactly where you are going. As Jerry puts it, “What happened to going with your gut? My gut’s been telling me to turn things around.”'] ['Qin Fen  is a man in his late 40s who returns to China after many years overseas. He becomes a multimillionaire after selling an "innovative invention" to a high-profile  angel investor . With his new fortune, Qin decides to put an end to his bachelor life and advertises open invitations to potential partners online, citing only "if you are the one", which actually means "don\'t disturb if not sincere". Subsequently, he encounters various candidates from a homosexual former friend, a cemetery saleswoman with a thick south-Chinese accent, a pathological amnesiac, an ethnic minority pecking hen, an erotophobic widow, an expecting single mother, to a stock-holding trader. Eventually, he crosses path with air stewardess Liang Xiaoxiao . While helping Liang get over her agonizing love affair with a married man , Qin strikes up an unexpected friendship with Liang, which eventually blossoms into love during a trip to Hokkaido.'] ['Rose Lorkowski  is a thirty-something single mother, working full-time as a maid. Her underachieving sister Norah  lives with their father Joe , and is fired from her job as a waitress. After the school expels Rose\'s son Oscar for his erratic behavior, she is told she must put him on medication or send him to a private school. Unable to make enough money with her current job, Rose asks Mac , her ex-boyfriend during their high school years and her married lover, for advice. Mac recommends a crime scene cleanup job, and with his connections as a police officer, he gets Rose and Norah into the business. At first, the sisters perform their job poorly, carelessly handling the hazardous materials by throwing them into dumpsters instead of properly disposing of them in an incinerator. Needing to operate as a more reputable service, the sisters get the necessary tools from Winston , a one-armed storekeeper of a shop for cleanup material. The sisters name their cleanup business "Sunshine Cleaning" and start making progress as their reputation grows. They begin to find meaning in their function to "help" in some way in the aftermath of a loss or disaster, even though the job stirs up memories of their own mother\'s suicide. At the same time, the members of the family deal with their individual problems. Rose encounters some of her former high school classmates and is embarrassed by the state of her position in life. After an encounter with Mac\'s pregnant wife in a gas station, Rose realizes that Mac will never leave his marriage, and ends their relationship. Norah meets and has a lesbian relationship with Lynn, the daughter of a woman whose house they cleaned. Joe begins to sell shrimp, hoping to raise enough money to buy a pair of expensive binoculars that Oscar wants for his birthday. One day, an insurance company calls for the services of Sunshine Cleaning, granting the sisters the potential to obtain a breakthrough reputation. Unfortunately for Rose, a baby shower is on the same day, with all her high school classmates attending. She asks Norah to clean the house alone until she can catch up. Norah\'s attempt to clean the house are disastrous as she accidentally burns down the house with an unattended candle. The burning of the house tarnishes the business reputation and they are forced to pay a debt of $40,000, which the sisters simply cannot afford. Sunshine Cleaning goes out of business, and Rose is forced to return to her previous job as a maid. Meanwhile, Joe\'s shrimp plan goes awry as all the stores and restaurants he approaches refuse to buy. Joe had not realized when he purchased the shrimp that no legitimate business would be willing to accept the health risks involved in buying food from an non-reputable source. Lynn becomes frustrated as she questions whether Norah was truly interested in her at all. At Oscar\'s birthday party, Norah apologizes to Rose, and despite still being mad at her, Rose forgives her. The family and Winston then celebrate Oscar\'s birthday. Sometime later, Rose visits her father who says he\'s sold his house and explains that with the money, he has started, with Winston\'s help, a new cleanup business named Lorkowski Cleaning. He asks Rose to go into partnership with him and she agrees. Norah goes on a road trip to find her new self, while Rose starts working with her father at Lorkowski Cleaning. The movie ends on a positive note, with the implication that Norah has reached a positive turning point in her life and is at peace with herself and that Rose will successfully run her business while also looking after her eccentric father.'] ['The film is concerned with the lives of the Haruno family, who live in rural Tochigi Prefecture, the countryside north of Tokyo. Nobuo is a hypnotherapist. He teaches his son, Hajime, Go. Hajime becomes an excellent Go player, but he has a rough time with girls and puberty. Yoshiko refuses to be an average housewife, and works on animated film projects at home. She uses assistance from Grandfather Akira, an eccentric old man who is a former animator and occasional model. Eight year old Sachiko periodically sees a silent, giant-sized double of herself which mimics or benignly watches her. She contemplates ways to rid herself of it. Uncle Ayano is a sound engineer and record producer who comes to stay for a visit. He engages in inward reflection, seeks closure regarding an old relationship, and recounts a childhood experience- a tale which influences Sachiko and ties into later events. *Tomokazu Miura ... Nobuo Haruno - father *Satomi Tezuka ... Yoshiko Haruno - mother *Maya Banno ... Sachiko Haruno - daughter *Takahiro Sato ... Hajime Haruno - son *Tadanobu Asano ... Ayano Haruno - uncle *Tatsuya Gashuin ... Akira Todoroki - grandpa *Tomoko Nakajima ... Akira Terako *Ikki Todoroki ... Himself *Anna Tsuchiya ... Aoi Suzuishi *Kenichi Matsuyama ... Matsuken/The man in the red shirt'] ["The film follows Tommy Basilio , an alcoholic and fixture at the local bar, Trees Lounge, who begins to float after losing his girlfriend and his job as a mechanic. He continues and amplifies patterns of self-destructive behavior, to include a romantic relationship with a friend's teenage daughter ."] ['The film is set in a remote and forgotten desert mountain village in the former Soviet Union, and chronicles a standoff between the sexes: the local women decide to withhold sex until their lazy men fix the pipeline that carries the village’s water supply. Young lovers Aya and Temelko are caught up in the argument and Temelko becomes determined to fix the pipeline so he can be with her.'] ["Everyone wants to meet Arlen Faber , the world famous author of the best-selling spiritual book Me and God, but crotchety, disgruntled Arlen simply wants to be left alone, and so far he's been successful at keeping his identity a secret. But all that changes when troubled bookstore owner Kris Lucas  discovers his home address and barters books for Arlen's words of wisdom, and a back injury leads the reclusive writer to date chiropractor and overprotective single mother Elizabeth . As Arlen's relationships with his newfound friends grow, he must come to terms with his past and the realization that he doesn't hold all the answers."] ["Ben Singer  is a former children's folk singer whose misanthropic worldview leads him to an isolated existence. When his Senegalese roommate Ibou  falls into a diabetic coma and is taken to the hospital, his sister Khadi  arrives from Senegal to take care of him. After Khadi and Ben eventually fall in love, circumstances lead Ben to reconsider his way of thinking."] ['Set in the small, fictional American town of Dancer , only 81 people live in this town. Following their high school graduation, four young men wrestle with their decisions to leave town for Los Angeles.'] ['The film starts with Cristina Moreno applying to Princeton University. She tells the story of her childhood in her college essay. Flor Moreno  is a poor, Mexican single mother who is hired as the housekeeper for John  and Deborah Clasky , their kids Bernice  and Georgie , and Deborah\'s mother Evelyn Wright , a rich American family. John is head chef at a popular restaurant, Deborah is a former businesswoman turned stay-at-home mother, and Evelyn is a former jazz singer. Flor speaks very little English. She does not mention that she has a daughter, Cristina . John, Evelyn, Georgie and Bernice are very likeable; Deborah, however, is uptight, her behavior often upsetting both households. Summer comes and Flor is needed 24/7 at the Claskys\' summer home. Unable to communicate well in English, Deborah finds a neighbor to interpret. Flor reveals that she is unable to maintain these hours because she has a daughter, so Cristina is invited to come stay with them. Cristina interprets for her mother. She impresses Deborah, who begins to treat her like a daughter, taking Cristina shopping, getting her hair done, enrolling her in a private school, and showing her more love than she does the sensitive Bernice. Flor becomes unhappy when it appears that Cristina is influenced by Deborah, in part because she wants Cristina to keep in touch with her Mexican roots and working-class values, and partly because Deborah is overstepping her bounds. Flor objects to Deborah\'s actions to John, who apologizes. Flor loses her temper when she finds out that John has given Cristina over $600 in cash for a minor task. She threatens to leave but John convinces her to stay for Cristina\'s sake. Flor begins to learn English so she can communicate better. She becomes closer to John, who is having difficulty with Deborah\'s self-centered behavior. The alcoholic Evelyn realizes that her daughter is having an affair and that her marriage is in trouble. She pleads with Deborah to end the affair, telling her she\'ll never get another man as good as John. Deborah confesses to John that she cheated on him. John walks out and gives Flor a ride in his car. They go to his restaurant, where he cooks for Flor and they enjoy the "conversation of their lives," feeling love for one another. Flor quits and takes her daughter home, upsetting Cristina, who got along well with the Claskys. On their way home, she tells Cristina that she can\'t go to the private school anymore either, upsetting Cristina even more; she screams in the middle of the street that Flor can\'t do this to her and that her life is ruined. Flor loses patience with Cristina after she asks her mother for space. Flor explains to her daughter that she must answer the most important question of her life, at a very young age: "Is what you want for yourself to become someone very different than me?" Cristina considers this on their bus ride home, and they make up and embrace. The film ends with Cristina as an adult, years later, acknowledging that her life rests firmly and happily on the simple fact that she is her mother\'s daughter.'] ['  Set in Kaohsiung in 1966, with dialogue in Taiwanese Hokkien.   Set in Dadaocheng in 1911, with dialogue presented only through on-screen captions. The theme of freedom joins with the theme of love - the young courtesan dreams of liberty and Taiwan itself at this time was occupied by the Japanese.   Set in Taipei in 2005, with dialogue in Mandarin.'] ["{{Plot}} The film begins with an aging man named Vengadam  being released from jail in 1948. He is only being escorted for two days  back to his hometown of Kanchipuram. He is being transported under the custody of two policemen on a bus from. As the journey takes place, Vengadam recalls his past symbolically as several events that occur in the bus  remind him of his past. Vengadam is a silk weaver in the town of Kanchivaram, and has just recently got married . He had vowed once that he will only wed a woman wearing a silk saree, but had to settle for normalcy as he unable to garner enough savings to buy one. It is then revealed through his life proceedings that silk weavers are only paid a very low sum 7 rupees for each silk saree woven. This means that despite being weavers, they can't afford, nor even see the silk saree being worn by other people. Vengadam is shown as a talented weaver and best of the lot. Few years down the road, his wife gives birth to a baby girl, and according to tradition, the father has to give the daughter a promise by whispering into her ears. He shockingly promises that he will marry her off with a silk saree, which is met with skepticism by villagers and even his wife. He later reveals to his wife that he had saved a lot of money over his life, but couldn't save enough to marry her with a silk saree, but will be able to garner enough by the time their daughter grows to marriageable age. But soon after, Vengadam's brother-in-law suffers losses in his business, and tells Vengadam that he will have to abandon Vengadam's sister because he wouldn't afford to take care of her. In desperation to preserve his sister's life and dignity, Vengadam hands over his life savings to his brother-in-law, leaving his silk saree ambitions in tatters. Soon after, a writer visits the town and asks for a place to stay- which Vengadam arranges in a friend's house. It is slowly revealed that the writer is a communist with an agenda. He promotes the idea of equality to the silk weavers after learning about their poor pay and their inability to access the very product that they make. By time, Vengadam alongside fellow weavers embrace this idea and participate actively in street theatre mocking their Zamindar, who employs all of them. After the writer is hunted down by police and killed , Vengadam takes control, and under him, the weavers submit a petition demanding pay increase and other initiatives. The zamindar ridicules them for that petition. Frustrated, they steal and hide weaving tools to prevent the zamindar from bringing in weavers from different towns to cary on with the job. This continuous struggle leads to Vengadam being arrested, and the weavers protest to get him released. Finally, they are released and the zamindar agrees to slightly increase their payment. However, Vengadam continues the rebel, stating that this is their opportunity and have to make full use of it to reap long-term benefits. At this time Communism was announced as legal by the government, technically allied in the war to Soviet Russia, thus allowing them to continue their fight in the open. However, to his shock, his friend's son  returns from the armed forces one day, and informs that the British are defeating Germans in the war, meaning that relations with the Communists have deteriorated. At the same time, he also wants to marry Vengadam's daughter before he is asked to return to the battlefield, leaving Vengadam perplexed as he has to fulfill the promise of sending her off with a silk saree. With only half of the saree finished so far, he suddenly goes against his own words and asks all weavers to rejoin work immediately, and is branded a traitor. At work, he secretly smuggles strings of silks out of the temple in which he works to help him finish the saree in time. But after a while, he gets caught during smuggling, which causes him to get beaten up and sent to jail. The story returns to present day, where it is revealed that his daughter has slipped and fell into a well, leaving her paralysed, with nobody to take care of her . He asks his sister to take her in, but his brother-in-law says it will hurt his dignity to have a thief's daughter stay in his house. Not knowing what to do, Vengadam poisons his own daughter and she dies shortly thereafter, ending her suffering. As her dead body lay in front of the house, Vengadam opens up his house and finds the half-woven silk saree he had before. He takes the cloth and uses that silk to cover his dead daughter's body, in resemblance to what Vengadam said at the beginning of the film . He becomes mentally unstable . The films ends with a freeze frame shot of the mentally unstable Vengadam laughing towards the camera after covering his daughter's body with silk, before credits reveal how communism had become a forefront movement in India."] ["Pietro Paladini and his brother Carlo, a fashion designer, rescue two women from drowning. At the same time Pietro's wife dies unexpectedly at home. After the funeral, Pietro falls into a state of Quiet Chaos, which is marked by spending a lot of time with his daughter Claudia. The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park, which is opposite the school of his daughter. All the while, the widower stays very calm on the outside and is a focal point for his wife's sister Marta , his brother and co-workers who are affected by the merger of his group. It is the rebirth of a man who was once a tough manager."] ["A 19-year-old who has enlisted to go to Iraq falls in love with a girl, but is afraid that he might not come back alive. Young marine Mike  is shipping out for uncertain fortunes in Iraq, and has 4 days left to visit back home in Bakersfield California. The story is about his parting relationships with his best friend Jake , a new girlfriend Christina , his mother Donna , and father Eddie  over these 96 hours. None of these people initially knows he's shipping out, and each of the Significant Other's reactions to this news, one-on-one with Mike, make up the bulk of the story. The story also gives some insight into the how/why reasons Mike ever even enlisted as a Marine rifleman in the first place."] ['Gianni , a broken man with mounting condo debts, is forced to entertain his 93-year-old mother and three other feisty women during Italy’s biggest summer holiday, Ferragosto. The other women include the mothers of his landlord and doctor, who will forgive his debts in exchange for his service.'] ['Shin-Ae  and her only child move to the small town of Milyang, South Korea. Her husband has recently died and she has decided to start life anew back in the hometown of her deceased husband. While entering Milyang, Shin-Ae’s car breaks down along a rural highway. She is able to get the local mechanic in Milyang named Jong-Xhan  to come out to her car and start it once again. Although they come from different social backgrounds, the pair hits it off and seems to find comfort in each other’s presence. Tragedy soon strikes Shin-Ae once again when her only son is abducted. As Shin-Ae must deal with another devastating tragedy in her life, she attempts to find answers and a light that can shine upon her dark life.'] ['The film explores the downward spiral of a retired Hindi professor, Uttam Chaudhary,  as he falls victim to dementia. After he sees someone carelessly place a ash tray on a newspaper photograph of Mahatma Gandhi, his senility increases. One night his daughter Trisha, played by Urmila Matondkar, and son Karan discover his room on fire. Trisha takes him to a doctor who says nothing can be done. Then Uttam believes he killed Mahatma Gandhi by accidentally playing with a toy gun which had real bullets and shooting Gandhi during his walk in Birla House. So they go see Uttam\'s brother for details. Uttam\'s brother says that when they were young, they played darts by filling ballons with red dye and placing it on someone\'s picture. One day someone found Gandhi\'s picture and Uttam popped a ballon while their father saw who believed he killed Gandhi, with Uttam replying "Maine Gandhi Ko Nahin Mara" while his father hit him. Later they go to another doctor named Siddharth Parvin Dabas who helps Uttam when he thinks that his house is jail and people poisoned his food because he killed Gandhi. Siddharth eats the food so Uttam knows the food is not poisoned. Later they are in court and a gun expert says that a toy gun  can not kill anyone.'] ['The film follows the adventures of a group of friends through the eyes of Charles , a debonair but faux pas-prone Englishman, who is smitten with Carrie, an attractive American , whom Charles repeatedly meets at weddings and at a funeral. The first wedding is that of Angus  and Laura , at which Charles is the best man. Charles and his collection of single friends wonder if they will ever get married. At this wedding, Charles meets Carrie for the first time and spends the night with her. Carrie teases him by pretending that, now they have been to bed together, they will also have to get married, which Charles endeavours to respond to before realising she is joking. She then goes back home to America, observing that they may have missed an opportunity. The second wedding is that of Bernard  and Lydia , a couple who got together at the previous wedding. Rowan Atkinson makes his second appearance, this time as a fully fledged but gaffe-prone priest conducting his first wedding ceremony through his connection as a friend of the family. Charles is happy to discover that Carrie is attending the wedding, until she introduces him to her fiancé, Sir Hamish Banks , a wealthy politician from Scotland. At the reception, Charles finds himself seated at a table with several ex-girlfriends who relate embarrassing stories about his inability to be discreet, and afterwards bumps into Henrietta , with whom he had a difficult relationship. As the evening wears on, Charles finds himself in an empty hotel suite watching Carrie and Hamish leave in a taxicab, only to be trapped in the bath after the newlyweds suddenly stumble into the room to have sex. After Charles awkwardly exits the room, Henrietta confronts him about his habit of "serial monogamy", telling him that he is afraid of letting anyone get too close to him. Shortly after this encounter, Charles runs into Carrie , and they end up spending another night together. A few months later, Charles receives an invitation to Carrie\'s wedding in Scotland. While shopping for a present in London he accidentally bumps into Carrie in a shop and ends up helping her select her wedding dress. Carrie also astonishes him with a list of her more than thirty sexual partners . He later tries to confess his love to her and hints that he would like to have a relationship with her. However, he says it rather lamely, and the confession obviously comes too late. The third wedding is that of Carrie and Hamish at a Scottish castle. Charles attends, depressed at the prospect of Carrie\'s marrying Hamish. As the reception gets under way, Gareth  instructs his friends to go forth and seek potential mates; Fiona\'s brother, Tom , stumbles through an attempt to connect with the minister\'s wife, while Charles\'s flatmate, Scarlett , strikes up a conversation with a tall, attractive American named Chester. As Charles watches Carrie and Hamish dance as husband and wife, Charles\'s friend Fiona  deduces his feelings about Carrie. When Charles asks why Fiona is not married, she confesses that she has always loved Charles since they first met years ago. Charles is surprised and empathetic, but does not requite her love. At the wedding, Gareth dies suddenly of a heart attack: Gareth\'s partner Matthew ([[John Hannah  is in another part of the room listening to the groom\'s toast when Gareth dies. The funeral is that of Gareth. At the funeral, Matthew recites the poem Funeral Blues  by W. H. Auden, commemorating his relationship with Gareth.BBC Leicester: Interview with Simon Callow Retrieved 2012-05-07John Hannah Unofficial Website: John Hannah interview in The Scotsman, 17 April 2000 Retrieved 2012-05-07 After the funeral, Charles and Tom have a discussion about whether hoping to find your "one true love" is just a futile effort, and ponder that, while their clique have always viewed themselves as proud-to-be-single, Gareth and Matthew had in fact been a "married" couple among them all the while. The fourth wedding takes place ten months later, and is that of Charles, who has decided to marry Henrietta. However, moments before the ceremony, Carrie arrives at the church and reveals to Charles that she and Hamish are no longer together. Charles has a crisis of confidence, which he reveals to his deaf brother David . At the altar, when the vicar asks if anyone knows a reason why the couple should not marry, David asks Charles to translate for him, and says in sign language that he suspects the groom is having doubts and loves someone else. The vicar asks whether Charles does love someone else, and Charles replies, "I do." Henrietta punches Charles and the wedding is abruptly halted. Finally, Carrie visits Charles, who is recovering from the debacle, to check that he is OK and apologise for attending. Charles confesses that, while standing at the altar, he realised that for the first time in his life he totally and utterly loved one person, "and it wasn\'t the person standing next to me in the veil." Charles makes a proposal of lifelong commitment without marriage to Carrie, saying, "Do you think not being married to me might maybe be something you could consider doing for the rest of your life?" Carrie responds by saying, "I do." The song "Going to the Chapel" is then played as we see Henrietta marry a member of the guard, Scarlett marry Chester, David marry his girlfriend, Tom marry his distant cousin Deirdre , Matthew with a new partner , Fiona marry Prince Charles , and Charles and Carrie with their son -- presumably not married.'] ["Slimane Beiji  is the divorced head of a Franco-Arabic family. As he is being forced out of his job at the local shipyard, he interacts in a series of extended vignettes with various members of his extended family including his ex-wife, his sons and daughters, their husbands and wives, and his grandchildren. Determined to leave a legacy for his beloved family, and encouraged by his long-term partner's daughter, Rym,  he pursues his dream of converting a dilapidated boat into a family restaurant that will specialise in his ex-wife's fish couscous, a meal that she prepares for the entire family every Sunday. With Rym's enthusiastic help, Slimane applies for the relevant licences and loans, but soon finds himself knee-deep in bureaucratic red tape. Undaunted, Slimane enlists his sons to help with the renovation and arranges an opening gala of a large dinner party, to which he invites the many bureaucrats on whose decision the fate of the project rests, in an attempt to demonstrate the viability of the enterprise. On the night in question attendance is high, although notable by her absence is his long-term partner, Latifa. Insulted and threatened by the involvement of Slimane's ex-wife in the project, the restaurant's cook and creator of the pivotal fish couscous, Latifa refuses to leave her hotel. Rym pleads with her to attend, encouraging her to use the opportunity to flaunt her comparative youth and beauty in front of Slimane's ex-wife, and eventually she concedes. Having prepared the couscous, fish, vegetables and sauce in large metal cauldrons, Slimane's ex-wife sends the food to the boat with her sons and leaves her apartment to find a 'poor man' so that she can donate a plate of food that she habitually reserves for the less fortunate. At the restaurant, the sons unload the metal cauldrons and the women serve wine and appetisers to the waiting guests. The guests, talking amongst themselves, begin to speak both positively and anxiously about the likely success of the restaurant, now concerned that it may draw custom away from the other restaurants in the area. Slimane's son Majid, whilst surveying the crowd, notices a bureaucrat's wife with whom he has had several illicit sexual liaisons and decides to leave quietly. He instructs his brother to tell the rest of the family that he has gone to help a friend who has broken down on the highway. The women start to heat up the food when they notice the absence of the couscous. Panic mounts when they discover that it is definitively absent and Majid, who has taken the car that still holds the metal cauldron in the trunk, is not answering his phone. Knowing that it will take at least another hour to cook a new batch, they continue to frantically call Majid and attempt to call Souad, who is out searching for an unfortunate in need of plate of couscous. Slimane takes his motorbike out to Souad's apartment building to find her. In the dining room the guests, despite the attempts of the women to placate them with assurances and date liqueur, become extremely restless. Their comments turn nasty and they turn on the waitressing girls. When he cannot find his ex-wife, Slimane leaves the apartment building to find his motorbike stolen. The culprits, three young boys, sit atop the stolen bike on the other side of the river, mocking him. He runs after them, but every time they stop to mock him they move on before he can catch up to them. Tensions in the dining room reach a peak and Rym decides to step in. She whispers to the musicians, and suddenly the music stops and the lights go out. When they come back on, Rym stands before the assembled diners in a red belly-dancing outfit. The musicians play for her and she entrances the guests with a fervent performance, charged with youthful, sexual energy. Latifa uses the opportunity to slip off the boat and return to the hotel to start a new pot of couscous. As Rym dances and sweats, her mother walks up the gangplank with a new cauldron of couscous, whilst Slimane continues to chase the youths around the apartment building. Finally he collapses to his knees, slumped on the asphalt."] ["The film starts in the small town of Endora, Iowa. Gilbert Grape  is busy caring for his mentally disabled brother, Arnie , as they wait for the many tourists' trailers to pass through town during their early camp ritual at a nearby recreational area. His mother, Bonnie  is morbidly obese after years of depression following her husband's suicide by hanging himself. She hasn't left the house in years, and is always found sitting on the sofa watching television. With Bonnie unable to care for them by herself, Gilbert has taken responsibility for repairing their shanty of a farmhouse while looking after Arnie, who has a habit of climbing up the town water tower if left unsupervised for too long. All the while his older sister Amy  and younger sister Ellen  slave away in the kitchen. The relationship between the brothers is one of care and protection. In order to cope with his frenetic life, Gilbert has taken on a secret love affair with a housewife, Betty , whilst her insensitive, unsuspecting husband Ken , is fully intent on selling Gilbert insurance for his family. A new chain supermarket has opened, threatening the small Lamson's Grocery store where Gilbert works, as well as threatening all the other small-time businesses in Endora. The chain supermarket stocks all kinds of goods, rendering many of the local shops redundant. While the family prepares for Arnie's upcoming 18th birthday party, a young woman named Becky  and her grandmother are stuck in town when their truck towing their trailer breaks down. Gilbert's unusual life circumstances threaten to get in the way of their budding romance. In order to spend time with Becky watching the sun set, Gilbert leaves Arnie alone in the bathtub by himself, believing he is now old enough to get out on his own. He returns home late and wakes up the following morning to find Arnie still in the bath, shivering in the now-cold water. He puts a towel around him but yet again Gilbert gets the blame for leaving him. Gilbert's guilt is compounded by his family's anger. As a result Arnie refuses to get near water, including the pond by Becky's trailer, and his fear causes him to become extremely dirty, adding to the many problems Gilbert faces. Betty's affair with Gilbert ends when she begins to make demands on him and tries to have sex with him while he's on the phone with her husband. Ken drowns after suffering a cardiac arrest and landing face down in his sons' wading pool. Many of the townspeople believe Betty killed her husband, despite the insistence of Gilbert's friend, Bobby McBurney , one of the town coroners, who believes he died of cardiac arrest. Besides Bobby, Gilbert is the only one who believed Betty didn't commit murder. She eventually leaves town in search of a new life. Becky bonds with Gilbert and Arnie and helps Gilbert reflect on his feelings. They become deeply involved in conversation until Gilbert realizes that Arnie is missing. He has returned to the water tower he is forever trying to climb and this time has succeeded at getting to the top. Arnie is arrested, compelling Bonnie, who has not left the house in seven years, to rush to the police station to demand his release, causing her appearance to be ridiculed by the townspeople. Later at home, Arnie wonders what is in a big box that Gilbert had left in the fridge. He finds a birthday cake and gets caught eating it, which Gilbert told him not to touch. Gilbert orders Arnie to take a bath as punishment, and Arnie resists when Gilbert tries to force him. Losing his temper, Gilbert strikes Arnie hard making him bleed. Appalled at himself and angry at his life in general, Gilbert drives away, leaving Endora. Arnie leaves the house to find Becky, who takes care of him. Gilbert returns to town and sees Arnie with Becky, who is able to get him to enter the lake. Arnie falls from a branch in a tree and goes in the lake, thus helping him overcome his fear of water. After Amy and Ellen come to Becky's and take Arnie home, Gilbert approaches Becky and the two talk about his own frustration and the reality of his father's death. The next day he returns home during Arnie's birthday party to apologize. Following Arnie's eighteenth birthday and meeting Becky for the first time, Bonnie climbs the stairs to her bedroom for the first time in years. That evening she passes away in her bed. Arnie tries to wake her, thinking that she is just playing. He soon realizes what has happened, runs out of the house and begins to hurt himself. As his sisters try to stop him, they realize that Bonnie has died. Jerry, the local sheriff, and his deputies tell the Grape family that they would need more men to get Bonnie's heavy corpse out of the house . After the police leave, Gilbert and his sisters soon cry over losing her. The siblings realize that her removal would draw a gawking crowd and want to protect their mother from being a spectacle. They empty the house except for their mother's body. Then Gilbert sets the house on fire, not willing to see a crane remove her and for the inevitable ridicule to ensue. One year later, Gilbert and Arnie are looking out again to watch the trailers pass. Through voice over, Gilbert tells of Amy getting a job offer to manage a bakery in Des Moines, and Ellen being thrilled to switch schools. Arnie chases the vehicles, arms flailing, excited to see Becky again. Along with Becky and her grandma, Gilbert and Arnie hit the road."] ["Chiranjeev  lives a wealthy lifestyle along with his father, Kashiram , and three siblings: two sisters, one of whom is dumb, and a younger brother. While on a trip, his friend, Mohan , falls ill due to alcohol, and gets treated at an Ashram. This is where Chiranjeev meets with an employee, Sharada , who lives a poor lifestyle with her father, Ram Sharan. Chiranjeev and Sharada fall in love with each other, and he promises to get his father's permission and return to get married to her. On his way home he has an accident, and though he does survive after being treated by tribal people, he returns to the Ashram several days later and is informed that Sharada is now married to a wealthy and much older man. Heart-broken and devastated, Chiranjeev returns home only to get another shock: the male Sharada has married is none other than his very own father. Depressed and deeply frustrated, he takes to alcohol in a big way. Sharada talks him out of this, he repents and on her insistence, marries Chanchal , who come from a reputed family background. Things then get complicated when Chanchal finds that her husband and his stepmother had been in love before and may not have got over their feelings for each other."] ['Ann  is a gifted and brilliant musician whose sense of security falls to pieces when she witnesses her husband kissing another woman. Without hesitation, she abandons him and takes a headlong rush into the arms of a new beginning, embarking on a transnational journey that ultimately takes her to an isolated villa on the secluded island of Ischia, Italy. Once settled, Ann insists on goading herself to fresh extremes, and takes it upon herself to swim out as far into the ocean as possible. Fainting under the scorching summer rays, her floating body is pulled out of the water by local woman Giulia , with whom Ann begins to explore a whole new facet of life.'] ['The film centers on two young women &mdash; one an Orthodox Jew, the other a devout Muslim &mdash; who meet and become friends as first-year teachers at a public school in Brooklyn. Over the course of the year they learn that they share much in common, not least of which is that they are both going through arranged marriages.'] ['James Garner plays a retired judge and recluse who comes out of "hiding" to investigate when his childhood friend  refuses to accept a Congressional Medal of Honor awarded decades ago in World War II. His reason is kept in confidence and Garner\'s character files a motion to deny the ceremony. Meanwhile, the personal lives of the other characters have issues of their own to work out. In the end of things Cobbs\' character is told of something he didn\'t know about and the two romantic side stories resolve in a positive fashion.'] ['Khlebnikov\'s "humor of the everyday" asks us to look again at the world about us. Lyonya\'s work at the local factory and his hoped–for career disappears when the plant is taken over by \'the Americans\' and closed down. He becomes a regular visitor to the employment office and attempts a variety of dead end jobs — shoe seller in a market, plasterer, road crew. He eventually meets a woman he went to school with and after a bad start, gets things on the right track. Set in a small town on the Volga, where enthusiasm for anything seems somewhat relaxed, hardly anything actually happens, but through Khlebnikov\'s quirky, absurdist observation — a picture of Chuck Norris on a workbench, trying on shoes, a woman peeling a boiled egg, the creaking door of the employment office — we come to know the floating life.'] ['Among the characters are a mature couple about to renew their vows ; a woman  who accepts a date offer from a stranger ; a gay man dying of AIDS  and his mother  who has struggled to accept him; two clubbers who meet in a nightclub ; a couple having an affair  and a man  who tells his tragic life story to a woman he meets in a bar , but seems to have a strange connection to another mysterious woman. As the film continues and the stories evolve, the connections between the characters become evident. Kellie Waymire, Nastassja Kinski, Alec Mapa, Amanda Peet and Michael Emerson also have roles in the film.'] ['Verona De Tessant  and Burt Farlander  are in their early thirties and struggling to meet daily needs and build fulfilling lives as an anatomy artist and a salesman of insurance futures, respectively. When they learn they will soon become parents, they are confronted with the challenge of how - and where - to raise a child and build a happy family. Six months into Verona\'s pregnancy, she and Burt visit their only family in the area, Burt\'s parents, Gloria and Jerry , only to find that they have decided to move to Antwerp, Belgium, for two years a month before the baby is due to be born. Frustrated at Burt\'s parents\' selfishness and ill-thinking, he and Verona see this as an opportunity to find somewhere else to raise their family. They first visit Phoenix, Arizona, meeting up with Verona\'s old boss, Lily , her husband, Lowell , and their two children. Burt in particular is disturbed by Lily and Lowell\'s crass and mean-spirited behavior toward one another and their children. Burt and Verona next visit Verona\'s sister, Grace , in Tucson, Arizona. At Verona\'s request, Burt tries to persuade Grace to stay with her boring boyfriend. When Burt takes a call and displays his trademark humor, Grace tells Verona that she is lucky to have him and Verona agrees. While shopping, Grace tries to get Verona to talk about their deceased parents. On their way to Wisconsin, they are told they cannot fly by airline employees who believe Verona is in her eighth month. The couple insists that she is only six months in but ultimately take a train. In Madison, Wisconsin, the couple visits Burt\'s childhood friend and pseudo-cousin, "LN" , a college professor with inherited money and radical views about parenting. Burt and Verona bring a stroller as a gift, greatly angering LN as she and her husband Roderick ([[Josh Hamilton  are a "continuum home." When Roderick\'s condescension and LN\'s backhanded compliments to Verona get to be too much for Burt, he tells them they are horrible people and he and Verona leave but not before letting their kid take a ride in the stroller, which he enjoys. Burt and Verona then visit old college friends in Montreal, Tom ([[Chris Messina  and his wife, Munch Garnett , and their diverse family of adopted children. Verona and Burt are happy to have found a loving family and a nice town and decide to move to Montreal. After dinner they wind up at a bar during "amateur dance night" in which Munch is an active participant. During Munch\'s performance, Tom confesses to Burt that Munch has recently suffered her fifth miscarriage and that they seem unable to have biological children. Verona has also picked up clues over the night and shares a knowing glance with Burt as Munch and Tom embrace. In the morning, Burt receives an emergency call from his brother, Courtney ([[Paul Schneider , in Miami, whose wife has left him. Burt and Verona fly to Miami, where Courtney worries about his young daughter and the potential effects of a divorce on her. Burt tries to comfort Courtney while Verona spends time with his daughter. Burt and Verona spend the night outside on a trampoline, promising to love each other and their daughter and have a happy home. The next day, Verona tells Burt a story about her childhood and her parents. Moved by her memory, they decide to settle in Verona\'s old family home. Realizing it is the place for them, they sit together happily, overlooking the water.'] ['The film follows the story of a seventy-five year old Cree tribesman named Martin Fox who has been reading too many tabloids and learning that Elvis and Lady Di are still alive. From this he begins to wonder if his hero Hank Williams is not still alive as well. Before he dies he commits to making a Greyhound trip to Nashville to find out more about the country music legend. Williams is actually buried in Montgomery, Alabama.'] ['In contemporary Jerusalem, a small Jewish family leads an ordinary life until following a car accident, the father mysteriously disappears. They all deal with his absence and the difficulties of everyday life as best they can. While the adults take refuge in silence or traditions, the two children, Menachem and David, seek their own way to find their father.'] ['Maiquel  is a single, ordinary man living in the Baixada Fluminense region of Rio de Janeiro. After losing a soccer bet to his friends, Maiquel must dye his hair blond. This unusual event in his otherwise mundane life, inspires Maiquel to ask his hairdresser, Cledir  out to a bar where he is confronted and bullied by a local criminal named Suel . He decides to settle the matter by subsequently buying a rifle which he uses to shoot and kill Suel the next day. He does so in front of Suel\'s girlfriend. Instead of reprimanding Maiquel, most everyone in the neighborhood, including the police, are overjoyed that he has killed off this local pest, and show their gratitude with gifts. With the news of Maiquel\'s rise to heroism, influential locals hire him to kill others for him, turning him into a full-on hitman. Maiquel\'s once dull life becomes one filled with drugs, sex, wealth, and violence as he gradually becomes detached from his wife and becomes less of the "ordinary man" he once was. This path of destruction leads Maiquel to become an outlaw on the run. The film ends with Maiquel dying his hair black and running from the police, realizing just how much his life has changed.'] ["Raymond Ding, a middle-aged Chinese American college professor, and Aurora Crane, his younger Hapa  girlfriend, have just split, but continue to drift in and out of each other's lives. Unable to fully let go, Raymond visits the apartment they once shared, during the day while Aurora is away. Aurora is haunted by flashbacks of moments from their relationship. Encouraged by their best friends to move on, Raymond and Aurora each begin new relationships. Aurora dates Steve, a Caucasian man closer to her age . Raymond dates Betty, a Vietnamese American colleague, whom he soon discovers is haunted by her own past. Race and identity issues begin to surface as Raymond and Aurora try to start new lives, but remain drawn to their past."] ["Erik  quits his job at his step dad's  sporting goods store, mutually breaks up with his girlfriend Jessica  and meets a new girl Sarah . At a crossroads he decides to travel with Sarah to Chicago. His roommate  stays in Memphis to lounge at a baby pool in the front yard and perform at coffee shops."] ["The film follows Ibro  and his son Armin , who travel from a small town in Bosnia to a film audition in Zagreb, hoping to land a part for Armin in a German film about the war in Bosnia. On their way to fulfilling the boy's dream, they encounter a series of disappointing setbacks&nbsp;— their bus to Zagreb breaks down and they are late for the audition. After Ibro convinces the director to give the boy a second chance, they soon realize that Armin is too old for the part anyway. As it becomes obvious that Armin's dream of playing a part in the movie will never happen, he feels increasingly disheartened, while Ibro's determination to help his son grows. Finally they do get another chance, but Armin buckles under the pressure and experiences an epileptic seizure. As they get ready to head back to Bosnia, the film crew makes an unexpected offer, but when Ibro refuses, Armin at last realizes how much his father really loves him."] 