['Fed up with being continuously bullied by his elder brother, Krishna sets fire to his brother\'s motor-bike, which lands him in big trouble with his mother. She takes him to the nearby Apollo Circus and tells him that he can only come home when he earns 500 rupees to pay for the damaged bike. Krishna agrees and finds a job with the circus, but one day his boss asks him to run an errand and when Krishna returns, he finds that the circus has packed up and left. Alone and with nowhere to turn, and unable to find the money to repay his mother, he decides to travel to the nearest big city - Mumbai . As soon as he arrives, he is robbed of all his meager possessions. He follows the thieves and befriends them, and ends up in the city\'s notorious red-light area of Falkland Road, near the Grant Road Railway Station. One of the thieves, Chillum, also a drug pusher and addict, helps Krishna get a job at the "Grant Road Tea Stall." Krishna gets a new name, "Chaipau," and learns to live with it. His goal is to get the money he needs to return home to his mother, but he soon finds out that saving money in his surroundings with the people near him is next to impossible. To make matters worse, he has a crush on a young prostitute named Sola Saal. He sets fire to her room and attempts to escape with her, but the two are caught. This gets Krishna a severe beating, and he loses his job. He works odd jobs to feed himself and look after Chillum, who can\'t live without his drugs. To get more money, Krishna and his pals rob an elderly Parsi man by breaking into his house in broad daylight. One night while returning home, the boys are apprehended by the police and taken to a juvenile home. Eventually, Krishna escapes and goes back to his world of drug-pushers, pimps and prostitutes, still nurturing his dream of one day returning to his mother.'] ['The film is set in the island of Puerto Rico. Because of its central location in the Caribbean, the island has become one of the main ports of drug entry from South America into the United States. The film follows the lives of three families in different levels of society affected by drug trafficking and crime in the island.'] ["Alan Mitchell is a returning Korean War veteran who joins his father Walter's garment company, Roxton Fashions. The firm has been paying protection money to gangsters led by Artie Ravidge to keep the union out. Walter's partner, Fred Kenner, sympathizes with the union's goals. After he tells Walter to sever his ties with the hoodlum enforcers, Kenner is killed when the freight elevator he enters, which was just 'fixed' by one of the hoods disguised as a repairman, plunges 12 stories to the bottom of the shaft. Tulio Renata is a union organizer trying to organize the factory who also later gets murdered by Ravidge's men, and his wife Theresa Renata endures threats against her and their child. Alan Mitchell comes to sympathize with the plight of the workers. When he finally convinces his father to fire the union busting gangsters, Walter is killed and Ravidge attempts to take over the factory. Theresa Renata takes copies of Mitchell's records to the police, who arrest Ravidge."] ["Gospel Hill tells the intersecting story of two men in the fictional South Carolina town of Julia. Danny Glover plays John Malcolm, the son of a slain civil rights activist Paul Malcolm . Jack Herrod  is the white former sheriff who never officially solved the murder. Their paths begin to cross when a development corporation comes to town with plans to raze Julia's historic African-American community of Gospel Hill, now fallen into disrepair, to build a golf course. John Malcolm's wife Sarah , a schoolteacher, seems alone in her opposition to the project, which is being endorsed by Gospel Hill's prominent African-American physician, Dr. Palmer . Meanwhile, a young white teacher  comes to town and falls for a handsome young landscaper , whose business is booming thanks to Dr. Palmer's patronage."] ['The film begins in the year 2055 in a world ravaged by catastrophic climate change; London is flooded, Sydney is burning, Las Vegas has been swallowed up by desert, the Amazon rainforest has burnt up, snow has vanished from the Alps and nuclear war has laid waste to India. An unnamed archivist  is entrusted with the safekeeping of humanity\'s surviving store of art and knowledge. Alone in his vast repository off the coast of the largely ice-free Arctic, he reviews archive footage from back "when we could have saved ourselves", trying to discern where it all went wrong. Amid news reports of the gathering effects of climate change and global civilisation teetering towards destruction, he alights on six stories of individuals whose lives in the early years of the 21st century seem to illustrate aspects of the impending catastrophe. These six stories take the form of interweaving documentary segments that report on the lives of real people in the present, and switch the film\'s narrative form from fiction to fact. The people who feature are: * Al Duvernay, a resident of New Orleans who stayed behind and helped in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. He reflects on what it feels like to have had all his possessions washed away in the flood, and also on his job in the oil industry and how valuable resources are being wasted. * Jehangir Wadia, an Indian businessman who talks about his low cost airline GoAir startup company and his democratic vision of a world in which all people, rich and poor, are able to afford air travel. * Jamila and Adnan, two Iraqi children who fled with their family to Jordan during the Iraq War, who tell the story of their father\'s death and of their desire to be reunited with the older brother they left behind. * Fernand Pareau, an 82-year-old man who works as a guide on the Mont Blanc glacier in France - he takes an English family on a tour of the glacier and explains how he has seen the ice recede massively in his lifetime. The guide is also shown taking action against expanding road infrastructure in his area. * Piers Guy, a wind-farm developer who talks about his efforts to bring sustainable energy to an English village, and how he is being blocked by people who profess a commitment to fighting global warming but do not want wind turbines destroying their views. His family takes action in reducing their carbon footprint and contemplate the effects of air travel. * Layefa Malemi, a Nigerian woman who struggles with poverty despite the wealth of oil in her country. She talks about her ambition to study medicine and the everyday impact of the exploitation of oil by Shell Nigeria on health, security and the environment in Nigeria.'] ['Gloria  has been sent to her old hometown of Grimley to determine the profitability of the pit for the management of British Coal. She also plays the flugelhorn brilliantly, and is allowed to play with the local brass band, made up of miners from whom she must conceal her purpose. She renews a childhood romance with Andy , which soon leads to complications. It is later revealed during a confrontation between Gloria and the management of the colliery that the decision to close the colliery had been made two years previously, and that this was to have gone ahead regardless of the findings of her report; the report simply being a P.R. exercise to placate the miners and members of the public sympathetic to their plight. The passionate band conductor, Danny , finds he is fighting a losing battle to keep the rest of the band members committed. His son Phil  is badly in debt and becomes a clown for children\'s parties, but fails to prevent his wife and children walking out on him. As Danny,  collapses in the street and is hospitalised from pneumoconiosis or a similar disease, Phil, who is later revealed to be struggling with the guilt of having voted to take a lump sum rather than fight the closure of the colliery, has a breakdown while entertaining a group of children as part of a harvest festival in a church. Saying he doesn\'t know much about harvest festival, he offers to tell a story about God, which descends into a foul-mouthed satire about how the Tory Party was created  then, after being asked to leave, and being told "May God forgive you." gestures towards the effigy of Jesus on the cross and reels off a list of perceived injustices, asking "What the bloody hell\'s He playing at?" before parting with "You\'ve been great. My name\'s Coco the Scab." Later  he attempts suicide by trying to hang himself from the girders of one of the colliery\'s winding towers. He is spotted, still in his clown costume, by two security guards who, it is assumed, save him. Danny, lying in a hospital bed, notices Phil\'s clown shoes as he is pushed by the door to his ward on a trolley. While talking in the hospital, Phil reveals to Danny that in light of the colliery\'s closure, the band has decided not to continue playing. With the intention that it will be their last performance, the band,  play "Danny Boy" late at night outside the hospital. Andy, having pawned his tenor horn, whistles along with his hands in his pockets. After they finish, they all switch off their lamps. As the colliery itself is finally closed, the band finds success in the national brass band competition. Andy wins his tenor horn back in a game of pool, and having forgiven Gloria, after she gives them the money she was paid to compile the report,  the band travel to the final at the Royal Albert Hall in London,   where they are amused by the woman on the P.A. system in the dressing room\'s inability to pronounce colliery, with an older band member remarking "I bet she\'s glad the bugger\'s closed." Before departing, Phil leaves a note for Danny, which is found on the bed by a nurse along with Danny\'s pajamas the next morning. The note simply says: "WE\'RE GOING!" Danny arrives, in uniform, just in time to see the band win the competition with a stirring rendition of "The William Tell Overture", during which Phil notices his wife and children are in the audience. Danny refuses to accept the trophy stating that it\'s only human beings that matter and not music or the trophy and that "...this bloody government has systematically destroyed an entire industry. OUR industry. And not just our industry— our communities, our homes, our lives. All in the name of \'progress\'. And for a few lousy bob". However, despite this moving gesture, another band member takes away the giant cup with a typical Yorkshire "Don\'t talk so bloody soft". The film ends with Andy and Gloria kissing passionately on the upper deck of an open topped bus travelling through London, while the rest of the band play Land of Hope and Glory conducted by Danny.'] ['The film tells the story of Angie Rossini , a salesclerk at Macy\'s department store who finds herself pregnant after a brief affair with musician Rocky Papasano ([[Steve McQueen . When she tracks him down he doesn\'t remember her. She does not expect him to marry her; all she wants is enough money to pay for an abortion. Meanwhile, Angie is being pressured by her older brothers, played by Herschel Bernardi and Harvey Lembeck, to marry the unappealing cook Anthony . Rocky scrapes up money for the crude backroom abortion. But when he and Angie meet the abortionist, who turns out not to be a doctor, Rocky refuses to let her go through with the dangerous procedure. The maturity he shows in doing this brings them closer. After meeting her brothers, Rocky decides to "take his medicine" by marrying her. Angie is insulted and refuses. Angie wants a love relationship, with "bells and banjos." As an act of independence Angie moves out of the family home. She begins dating Anthony, who offers to marry her. By acting aloof she attracts Rocky, whom she invites to dinner. At dinner he makes advances on her and is rejected. Angie says she doesn\'t want to make the last mistake. They quarrel and she throws him out. The next day, Rocky waits for her outside Macy\'s, ringing bells and playing a banjo, and wins her over.'] ["{{Plot}} The film opens in a karaoke bar with people singing to different levels of ability. The camera then focuses on Maggie, the female lead character. She impresses the audience with a beautiful and emotive rendition of 'The Rose.' A man then tells Maggie that her voice is beautiful. He seems eager to engage her in a conversation. Maggie agrees to have one drink with him. He reveals that his name is Jorge and he says that he is from 'far away.' He observes that Maggie's song sounded sad and offers to help her. Maggie is doubtful that Jorge would be able to help. She reveals that she has four children, but Social Services has them. Jorge attempts to flatter her by telling her that she 'must have been a pretty girl.' Through a flashback, the audience learns the horrendous abuse to which Maggie's mother was subject at the hands of her father. Maggie is very worried about her children and wants to get them back. She has four children from four different fathers. Maggie leaves the bar with her friends. Jorge realises that Maggie has left her wallet behind and he chases after her. He sees her board a London Night Bus, which he chases and then stops the bus by running in front of it. Thankfully, the driver is able to stop in time and in the next shot, Jorge and Maggie learn more about one another at a restaurant. Jorge then recites a poem, which Maggie thinks is lovely. Jorge and Maggie arrive at Jorge's place, after running to his place under an umbrella as it is raining heavily. Maggie tells him that she will have only one coffee and then leave. Maggie expresses curiosity at the photographs which Jorge has displayed throughout his flat. Maggie explains that she used to have a fellow who 'chatted her up' at the supermarket. A flash-back reveals how they met. The audience learns that he was extremely abusive towards her. He screams at her and punches her for being two hours late. Her children witness the scene with horror. Maggie was in the hospital for two or three days as a result of the incident. Maggie then attends a woman's refuge with all of her children. She attempts to be optimistic by saying that she thought that the refuge was going to be terrible. Jorge and Maggie share a kiss, then Maggie pulls away and says that she should not be there. Maggie then beats her head on a door, bursts into tears and asks to be left alone. Jorge tells her that he thinks that she is in too much pain. A very emotional Maggie states emphatically that she wants her children back. The next shot flashes back to when Maggie is singing at the karaoke bar and the barman receives a telephone call.The barman tells Maggie that there is trouble at her home and that she had 'better get back quick.' There has been a fire at the refuge and a hysterical Maggie wants to know what happened to her children. The police take her to the hospital. One of the children, Shaun, has been badly burned and when she sees him, she can barely speak as she is so shocked by the extent of his injuries. She is then interviewed by the police, who take a dim view of her actions and question her about to whom she gave the keys. She says that she knows that she should not have left her children alone. She explains that she was not locking the kids in, but keeping the other kids out of the room. Maggie then visits the home were Shaun is being fostered temporarily. She expresses her concern over the drawings that Shaun has created, which depict raging fires in which Shaun is trapped in the middle. Shaun is happy to see his mum and Maggie tells him how much she has missed him. She attempts to care for Shaun's wounds, but becomes upset when Shaun cries out in pain. In the next scene, Jorge comforts Maggie. They kiss and cuddle in bed. The next shot shows what transpired after Maggie's visit with Shaun and his carer. During a meeting between Maggie and social services, she accuses them of trying to turn her son against her. She tells them to leave her alone and to give her son back to her. She is told by social services that if Maggie does not co-operate, then all of her children will be taken into Foster care. With her three children in tow, Maggie returns to her home, where she sees Simon  who tells her that he has missed her. The next day, Maggie and Simon leave in a van. A Social Services worker sees this and warns Maggie that she could lose all of her children forever. Simon tells the worker that they are only going shopping. Maggie and Simon then get into an argument. Simon stops the van and grabs her around the throat. He throws her on the ground and then she sobs helplessly. The next shot returns to Jorge and Maggie. She tells Jorge that that is the last time that she ever saw her children. Jorge is convinced that she will get her children back. He offers Maggie cake and coffee, which she accepts. Jorge tells Maggie about his family, some of whom have been killed. He reveals that if he returns to his country, it is likely that he will be killed as well. One of the pictures that Jorge has in his flat is of Jorge and his wife. Maggie is surprised at this. Jorge says that, 'You have to love something, otherwise you will be empty.' He wants himself and Maggie to be close because they understand one another. Maggie attends court and her barrister feels that Maggie is competent to take care of the children. The hearing does not go in Maggie's favour. They go back to Jorge's place and he speaks kindly to her and encourages her to eat. He then reveals that his visa expired that week and if he stays, he will be an illegal immigrant. Jorge tells Maggie that he loves her and wants to help her. Maggie feels that love is for fairy tales and that she is 'not worth it.' Maggie becomes pregnant with Jorge's baby. They attend an ultrasound together. After coming back from the doctor, Jorge tries to help a neighbour by giving her dog back. The neighbour is less than grateful. She is rude and tells Jorge to go away. Maggie describes their new place as being a palace and 'big enough for a family.' Jorge gets a job at a fast food place, Southern Chicken. When he reveals that he does not have any papers, it is agreed that he will be paid £2/ hour. When Jorge comes home, Maggie is upset because Shaun has appeared in the classified section of the newspaper. The article states that they are searching for adoptive parents for him. An ugly scene then transpires between Jorge and the neighbour who was mean to him on a previous occasion. The neighbour dumps a bucket of water on the local children. Jorge retaliates by dousing her with a garden hose. That night, Maggie smokes in bed. Jorge is worried that she will set the bed on fire and/or harm the baby. Maggie then goes into labour. Jorge is by her side and provides an outstanding level of support. She gives birth to a girl. A health worker attempts to contact Maggie to see the baby. Maggie states that she is 'coping fine.' Maggie responds with hostility to the worker's onslaught of questions. After the worker leaves, Maggie checks on Jorge, who was hiding in the cupboard throughout the duration of Maggie's 'interrogation' by the health worker. Maggie then observes her rude neighbour speaking to someone outside her flat. Police officers and a social worker enter Maggie's flat and say that they have an order to remove the baby. Maggie thinks that a mistake has been made. Maggie is beyond distraught and the police attempt to remedy this situation by telling her to calm down. Maggie's friends notify Jorge, who leaves work immediately upon hearing the news. A social worker visits Maggie and Jorge who ask questions about their relationship. Maggie eventually blows up at her as she finds the questions tiresome and feels that she is not being helped. Jorge attempts to pacify Maggie. She then reveals that her father sexually abused her, and social services did little to assist her. At a court hearing, Maggie's vindictive neighbour Pamela gives evidence that Maggie and Jorge's relationship is a violent one. Maggie becomes angry and the Judge states that her behaviour will not be tolerated in the court. When Jorge is cross-examined in the witness box, he says that his home country is Paraguay and he cannot go back there. When the question is put to him of whether or not he has a wife in Paraguay, he states that he does not know. Upon leaving the courtroom, he is served with a notice of Intention to Initiate Deportation Proceedings. The Judge then gives his judgement when Maggie and Jorge return to court. The Judge feels that the evidence suggests that the mother is of low intellect and that Maggie has put her children at risk of violence. He is also critical of her because she refuses to seek help from others. He has no confidence that she will ever change. His judgement is that the children are to be fostered with a view to being adopted and cannot be contacted by either one of the Defendants. Jorge then returns home. He shows his passport to Maggie and tells her that the Judge defined him as 'a man of good character' and he will not be deported. Maggie questions him as to why he wants to stay. She feels that Jorge will want to leave at some point and he might as well leave now as opposed to later. Maggie hurls objects at him and screams for him to get out of the flat. It is then revealed that Maggie is pregnant once again and she is desperate for herself and Jorge to have a family. Once again, Maggie has her baby and Jorge is at her side providing support. Maggie is reluctant to push because she wants the baby to stay with her. She has a little girl. In the next heart-wrenching scene, Maggie cuddles her baby girl. Jorge reveals that people from the Social Service would like to talk to them. A nurse takes the baby saying that she wants to check its temperature. Social Services attend the hospital room and they reveal that they will have to take the baby. A horrible scene ensues whereby Maggie becomes violently hysterical as her newborn baby is taken away from her. She is held down by Jorge and the police whilst a doctor sedates her. Domestic relations between Jorge and Maggie suffer as Maggie takes out her frustrations on him. She feels that he should have been more proactive in stopping the Social Services officers from taking their baby, and is particularly angry that he helped hold her down. Enraged, she yells: 'No wonder your wife left you!' revealing how frustrated she is with his level of compliance, and proceeds to attack him. Jorge states that he just wants to die because he has been robbed of his two daughters. Jorge and Maggie then touch hands, each realising how hopeless and tragic their situation is. The following information is conveyed on the screen: 'Maggie and Jorge have had three more children whom they have been allowed to keep. They have been given no access to their first two daughters. Maggie says that she thinks every day of all her lost children.'"] ["Stevie is sleeping rough in London and seeks employment on a building site. Learning that he is homeless, Stevie's new workmates Larry, Mo and Shem volunteer to find him an empty flat to squat in on a nearby housing estate. Stevie meets struggling actress and singer Susan  when he finds and returns a handbag belonging to her. This chance encounter leads to a turbulent relationship. Stevie rounds up some of the men from the building site to support Susan at one of her pub gigs. The audience is initially hostile, but Larry shames them into calling Susan back for an encore, which is much better received. Susan agrees to move into Stevie's flat, where they are happy for a time. On the building site, life continues as a series of small escapades and petty misdemeanors. Larry is vocal in his left-wing views and opposition to Margaret Thatcher and the ruling Conservative party. However, no-one shares his view that politics is important to their real-life situation. Meanwhile, the management sack men for minor misbehavior and are only superficially interested in safety. Stevie and Susan's relationship becomes strained. Susan tends towards negative emotions associated with her lack of career success. Stevie, on the other hand, can be callous and unsympathetic. Stevie leaves to attend his mother's funeral in Scotland. In his absence Susan starts using the heroin dealt by youths on the estate. This precipitates the end of their relationship and Susan's sudden departure. Larry is sacked from the site after requesting safer working conditions. After jokingly making an expensive phone call on the boss' mobile phone, Shem also gets the sack . Desmonde, a young construction worker, falls from the roof of the converted hospital and is severely injured or possibly killed. The cause of the accident is unsafe scaffolding, which the men have already warned about. Stevie and Mo return in the middle of the night and set a huge fire in the building."] ['In 1922, Scott Mason Carter  graduates from Chase Medical School in Chicago. Immediately afterward, Scott and Marcia , both light-skinned enough to look white, are married. Scott has landed an internship, but his fellow graduate, the dark-skinned Jesse Pridham ([[Ray Saunders , wonders if he will have to work as a Pullman porter until there is an opening in a black hospital. In Georgia, the black hospital director tells Scott that the board of directors has decided to give preference to "Southern" applicants, and rescinds the job offer. Marcia insists her husband continue searching for another medical job. In the meantime, they live in Boston with Marcia\'s parents, who have successfully passed for white. Her father and some of their black friends suggest they do the same. Instead, Scott continues to openly apply as a Negro, only to be rejected time and time again. Scott finally gives in, quits his job making shoes, and masquerades as white for a one-year internship in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. While there, Scott responds to an emergency. At an isolated lighthouse, he has to operate immediately on a sport fisherman who is bleeding to death from a penetrating duodenal ulcer. His patient turns out to be Dr. Walter Bracket , a well-known director of a clinic. Impressed, the recovering Dr. Bracket offers him the position of town doctor in Keenham, New Hampshire, replacing Bracket\'s father, who recently died after 50 years of service. Scott turns down the offer, explaining that he is a Negro. Dr. Bracket, though he admits he would not have made the offer had he known, recommends Scott take the job without revealing his race. With a baby on the way, Scott reluctantly agrees. The child\'s birth is cause for much worry. To everyone\'s relief, the boy looks white. When the local rector and his wife welcome the new residents, Marcia tells them her boy will be named after Scott\'s mentor, Dr. Charles Howard. The rector tells Marcia he met a doctor by that name. However, he assumes it must not be the same one, since that Dr. Howard was black. Scott slowly earns the trust and respect of the residents. By 1942, when the United States enters World War II, the Carters are pillars of the community. Their son, Howard, attends the University of New Hampshire, while daughter Shelly  is in high school. The Carters have managed to keep their secret, even from their own children. Scott goes to Boston once a week to work at the Charles Howard Clinic, which he and Jesse Pridham established for patients of all races. Howard invites Arthur Cooper , a black classmate, to Keenham. Shelly worries what her friends will think about a "coon" staying in their home. Scott sternly orders her never to use that word again. When Arthur goes to a party with Howard, a few guests make bigoted remarks behind his back. Howard and Scott both enlist in the Navy. However, Scott\'s commission as a lieutenant commander is suddenly revoked for "failure to meet physical conditions" after his background is investigated; the only position in the Navy for blacks is as a steward. The Carters have no choice but to finally reveal their secret to their children. Howard breaks up with his white girlfriend and disappears. He roams the streets of Harlem and rents a room there. When Shelly\'s boyfriend Andy asks her what she is going to do about the "awful rumor" circulating about her family, Shelly confesses that it is true. Her boyfriend asks her to the school dance anyway, but she turns him down. Howard investigates screams coming from a tenement building and finds two black men fighting. When one is knocked down, and the other pulls out a gun, Howard intervenes, and the gun goes off. The gunman flees, but Howard is taken into custody. To a sympathetic black police lieutenant , Howard explains, "I came here to find out what it\'s like to be a Negro." Arthur Cooper collects his friend. Howard goes to his father\'s clinic. Scott tells him, "I brought you up as white. There\'s no reason why you shouldn\'t continue to live that way." They return home. When they go to the church service, the minister preaches a sermon of tolerance, then notes that the Navy has just ended its racist policy. The narrator notes that Scott Carter remains the doctor for a small New Hampshire town.'] ["Nandita Das plays Champa, a Hindu woman who is left desolate when her young son and husband disappear one day from their village at the Pakistan-India border near Nagarparkar, in Tharparkar. Nandita Das is the only non-Pakistani actor in the large cast comprising well-known Pakistani TV and stage personalities including Rashid Farooqi, Noman Aijaz, Maria Wasti, Zhalay Sarhadi, Syed Fazal Ahmed,  Farooq Pario, Shahood Alvi, Adarsh Ayaz, Salim Mairaj, Tipu, and Navaid Jabbar . Ramchaal crossing of the Pakistan-India border during a period  of extreme, war-like tension between the two countries by two members of a Pakistani Hindu family belonging to the 'untouchable' Dalit caste, and the extraordinary consequences of this unintended action upon the lives of a woman, a man, and their son. The singular theme of the film is how a child from Pakistan aged eight years learns to cope with the trauma of forced separation from his mother while being held prisoner, along with his father in the jail of a country i.e. India, which is hostile to his own, while on the other side of the border, the wife-mother, devastated by their sudden disappearance builds a new chapter of her life, by her solitary struggle for sheer survival."] ['A group of young men in Africa, undergo a rite of passage symbolizing their change from boyhood into manhood. In rural China, a heavily pregnant Jin Ping is caught by Chinese military men with crates of black market blood in her van. The blood is destroyed and she is subsequently gang raped. Jin Ping is then shown visiting a village and convincing the inhabitants to give blood for $5 each. They all agree, except Tong Sam, a rice farmer, as he is unable to give blood as he is sick. However, as Jin Ping\'s equipment is not safe, most of the people in the village contract HIV and die of AIDS, including Tong Sam\'s family. The military men led by Xuan arrive in the village to help with the disease, and they help Tong Sam grow rice, which he then gives out to his remaining neighbors. Government officials arrive in the town to test people for AIDS, but the testing is $10 per person, which one neighbor thinks is a scam because it "cost $5 when she gave me the virus." In Canada, porn star Denys thinks he may be HIV positive. He cheats his monthly blood tests by taking blood samples from his ailing father instead of providing his own blood. Eventually his father dies, and his mother Olive finds out her son\'s job, much to her dismay. Denys subsequently quits his job. Olive finds out that her son is HIV positive when she goes to meet him at a self-help group. She then decides to infect herself with the HIV virus by drinking Denys\'s blood, and then gets a substantial pay-off from her health insurance company. She uses the money to provide a better life for her and Denys. One night they go out for dinner, and they are waited on by Maria, a former colleague of Denys. She informs him that she, and several other porn actors, are now infected with HIV because of Denys. She says "you killed me for $800". In Africa, where three nuns Clara, Mary, and Hilde arrive at a plantation where they are to give aid. Clara who is very head-strong goes to great lengths to look after the family of a young rape victim, whose grandmother has died, and who is cared for by her older brother. She asks for help from the plantation owner Hallyday, who makes sexual advances on her. Eventually she gives in and allows Hallyday to have sex with her, if he agrees to help the family she looks after. She eventually discovers that the older brother in the family is re-using the plantation\'s needles, effectively spreading infections amongst the people who live and work there. Following this, three men break into the nuns\' bedroom and rape them. The nuns leave the plantation soon after, but as the car pulls away, Clara gets out and walks back to the plantation, removing her habit as she goes. The epilogue is narrated by Hilde, who is revealed to be a Saint and has heard the prayers of everyone from the three stories detailed above. She wonders why the human race will not unite in the face of their common enemy, AIDS, and decides that God, or at least the way people believe in him, is to blame for this failure.'] ['Ellen appears to have a happy marriage to David, although his frequent work-related absences are beginning to take a toll on her. While taking night school classes with her neighbor and best friend, Marge Bracken, she is introduced to Larry Retzliff. Ellen and Marge accept a ride home from Retzliff the same night while David is away. Once Ellen is in her apartment, Retzliff arrives claiming car trouble and asks to use the phone. When Ellen lets him in, he overpowers and rapes her. Unable to reach David by phone, and emotionally unable to report the crime, Ellen decides to put the attack behind her, and tries through three showers to literally wash away the rape. When David returns, she is still unable to get his attention long enough to tell him about the attack. Having had an anonymous blood test, Ellen makes a serious effort to forget the attack and resume her life. This attempt comes to a crashing halt four days after the initial attack in a parking garage when Retzliff, who has been waiting for Ellen behind the front seat of her car, rapes her again, this time beating her viciously. After reporting the attack, the treatment that Ellen receives from the police, doctors, and detectives is anything but sympathetic. While her attorney, Leonard Alexander, appears to have her best interests at heart, he clearly has his reservations: he is once heard commenting "Never try a rape case unless your victim is a 90-year-old nun with at least four stab wounds." Defending Retzliff is ruthless attorney Muriel Dyer, who bullies witnesses and Ellen herself on the stand, ultimately winning Retzliff an acquittal. Some time after the trial, he attempts to rape someone else. While trying to escape from the police, he is shot and wounded, and ends up pleading guilty to the rape and sentenced to prison. Ellen and David\'s marriage is strained by the events of the film, and they ultimately get a divorce.'] ['Angie , a young woman frustrated after being fired from her thirtieth dead-end job, decides to set up a recruitment agency of her own, running it from her kitchen with her friend and flatmate Rose . Angie is able to build a successful business, while also dealing with a neglected son who gets in trouble at school and parents who disapprove of her venture. She also has to keep reassuring Rose that they will become legitimate once the business is on a firm financial footing - they do not have a licence, but Angie at least insists on only hiring workers with papers, not illegal immigrants. Meanwhile, Angie becomes romantically involved with Karol , an English-speaking Pole who is in the same predicament as those Angie recruits. She also helps Mahmoud, his wife and two young daughters, much to Rose\'s distress. Mahmoud has been ordered deported, but he has gone into hiding to avoid a likely jail sentence back home in Iran. Despite Rose\'s misgivings, Angie becomes increasingly eager to do whatever it takes to build the business. When Angie anonymously informs the government about a camp of immigrants, that is the final straw for Rose. She quits. Disaster strikes when one employer refuses to pay twenty of Angie\'s workers the £40,000 they are owed. They blame her, and some of them take drastic action. They first kidnap her son Jamie , then tie her up. After searching her flat, they take her profits  and leave, but not before warning her that they want the rest or she will never see her son again. Soon after, Jamie shows up, unaware that the "policemen" he was talking to were fake. In the final scene, Angie abandons her scruples completely; she travels to the Ukraine to knowingly recruit illegal workers, offering to obtain forged papers for them.'] ["The journalist Art Brighton goes undercover to investigate the granddaughter of a recently deceased rich woman, killed in a drug-related car crash. The girl, Joan Barrie, will inherit the fortune of her grandmother if she is able to fulfill a morals clause in the will. Joan's cousin Linda Clayton and her husband Jack will try to frame Joan to acquire the fortune themselves. The journalist tries to save Joan and dismantle the criminal gang of marijuana-dealing youths to which Linda belongs. While the newspaper tries to show the horrible dangers of marijuana to the general public, violence scales in the town in the form of obscene all-night drug parties where anything can happen."] ['Teenager Jackie Knowles  drives a getaway car in a robbery. He is captured and sentenced to serve three years in a borstal institution run by a sympathetic governor . He befriends Alfie  and Bill .'] ['A counselor’s ethics demand that she maintain confidentiality, be objective and not get emotional. But for a sensitive young woman like Mansi it is difficult to remain unaffected. Her true feelings are reflected in 68 pages of her personal diary. Through these pages we see the stories of Paayal, a commercial sex worker; Nishit, an intravenous drug user; Kiran, a gay man; and Umrao, a transsexual bar dancer &mdash; stories of being marginalized and discriminated before and after becoming getting HIV. These stories have the capacity to touch, heal, change lives and hopefully bring about a better understanding of their fight to live with dignity.'] ["The Civil War may be over back East, but prejudice still rules the West. A full-blooded Shoshone Indian named Lance Poole distinguished himself in the war, winning the Congressional Medal of Honor, only to return home to Medicine Bow, Wyoming, to something a far cry from a hero's welcome. Townspeople resent the fact that Lance and his father own a large and valuable piece of land. A doctor refuses to treat Lance's father, who dies, while Lance himself is unable to even buy a drink in the local saloon. A loophole in a law involving homesteaders is used by biased attorney Verne Coolan to strip Lance of his property. Lance turns to a female lawyer, Orrie Masters, who fails to acquire the necessary petition signatures they need to overturn the law. Coolan organizes sheepherders and attempts to drive out Lance by force. Shoshone tribesmen fight by Lance's side, using his cabin for a fort. Orrie calls in the U.S. Cavalry to create a truce, only to have them side with Coolan and the town. It's a lost cause. Lance is at least able to kill Coolan, but not before being already seriously wounded himself at the Shoshone barricade. Lance Poole then turns the responsibility for the surviving women and children over to the only surviving male child, who leads them away from the barricade and presumably in the direction of the reservation. Afterward, Lance puts on his civil war sergeants major uniform, and walks out to the cavalry commander and his former lawyer. The commander salutes Poole first, as that is the custom when greeting a medal of honor recipient. Lance then drops dead from an apparent loss of blood."] ["After the closure of their shipyard in Northern Spain, a few former workers – Santa, José, Lino, Amador, Sergei and Reina – keep in touch. They meet mainly at a bar owned by their former colleague Rico. Santa is the most superficially confident and the unofficial leader of the group. A court case hangs over him relating to a shipyard lamp he smashed during protest against the closure. José is bitter that his wife, Ana, is employed when he is not. The gap between them is widening and he is fearful that she will leave him for a co-worker. Despite arthritic legs, Ana endures night shifts at a fish factory and thinks her looks are now lost. Not everyone seems to agree including her boss. Lino, an aging family man, doggedly pursues positions beyond his qualifications. The oldest member of the group, Amador, has degenerated into alcoholism after being abandoned by his wife; maintaining an increasingly transparent pretense that his wife will soon return from holiday. Reina has managed to find a job as a watchman at a football club, smuggling his friends into a game. Lino attends job interviews despite applicants being nearer his son's age. Sergei claims his career as an astronaut was forestalled by economic measures in the Soviet Space program. The group of friends are observed by Nata, the landlords teenage daughter. She franchises her babysitting job to Santa. The men also like relaxing by the sea where Santa dreams of going to Australia. Amador dies by throwing himself from his apartment building. His friends give him a dignified funeral albeit with a stolen floral arrangement. Lino eventually acknowledges his unemployability. Ana more from pity than love, remains with José. Santa pays the fine rather than go to jail. On his way, he smashes the same lamp."] ['Major George Daviot is left by his wife Ann due to their growing estrangement and her knowledge that he has fallen in love with another woman, Josie Bradford, the wife of one of his fellow officers. Daviot goes off with friends for a weekend party at a country house attended by a number of prominent figures including businessmen and politicians as well as Captain Bradford and his wife. The tension between Bradford and Daviot is obvious during grouse shooting as Bradford is clearly aware of Daviot\'s affair with his wife. That evening during a game of cards played for high stakes Daviot is accused of cheating by Grant, a drunken player who has lost large amounts of money, a charge that is dismissed out of hand by the other players until Bradford seconds it. None of the other players believe the accusation, even though they are unaware of the grudge that Bradford has against Daviot. Bradford sticks to his story, even in the face of legal action from Daviot. The other guests frightened of their own reputations if the scandal becomes widely known, persuade all to hush the matter up. Daviot agrees to keep quiet for all their sakes, even though he still wants to clear his name. Daviot proposes to Josie that she leave her husband and live with him in spite of the scandal, but her lukewarm response leads him to realise that her interest in him is shallow. She subsequently reconciles with her husband and they go abroad to spend time together. Daviot tries to continue, but rumours about the affair begin to spread. Over the following year, his life disintegrates. He no longer finds himself welcome in his regiment or at his gentlemen\'s club and his friends begin to cut him socially, including those at the house party who know him to be innocent. Hounded out of his society, Daviot retreats to a cheap boarding house in Bayswater where he ceases to go out or even open letters. His one remaining hope, of receiving a transfer to the Indian Army serving on the Northwest Frontier is dashed and he begins to consider suicide. Ann Daviot, meanwhile, has been touring around Continental Europe aimlessly, possibly never to return to Britain. As soon as she hears he is in trouble she returns to help him, but he is unresponsive and derides her as an "Angel of Mercy". Eventually she goads him into facing his accusers, and he initiates court proceedings on the understanding that if he loses he will be allowed to take gentlemen\'s way out with a pistol. With the help of his barrister Sir Quinton Jessops, Daviot attempts to clear his name by suing Bradford and Grant for slander.'] ["High school student Paula Crisostomo , is tired of being treated unequally. She meets a group of student activists from around East Los Angeles and they decide to try to change the way students are treated. They are punished for speaking Spanish in school, their bathrooms are locked during lunch, they are forced to do janitorial work as a punishment and many in the high school administrations actively dissuade the less promising students from attending college. Inspired by her Chicano teacher Sal Castro  and despite opposition from her father , Paula joins in and helps hand out surveys to students to suggest improvements to the schools. Each East LA high school has two or three students who are in the group; Paula particularly becomes interested in Robert . However, the school board refuses to consider the suggestions so Paula urges the students to walk out of school. The police find out and the principal threatens to expel Paula if she walks out. 5 East LA schools successfully walk out and the school board says they might consider their demands, but Paula's father throws her out of the house for her role in the walkout. The students decide to walk out in only half of the schools the next day, but the police arrest and beat the protesters. None of the footage appears on the news and the students are painted as violent agitators with Communist ties. Paula decides to invite the students' families to the protests, hoping their presence will deter police brutality. When the students walk out again their families come to support them and it appears that they have won when the school board agrees to hear their complaints. Paula invites Robert to prom, but while she is getting ready the police suddenly arrest 12 of the leaders of the student movement, When Paula goes to Sal for advice she discovers that Robert  has arrested him. The students are charged with conspiracy to disrupt a school with a maximum penalty of 66 years. Paula is defeated, but her father urges her not to give up and she helps to stage a massive protest outside the jail. Robert is on duty there and tries to stop her, but she continues leading the crowd until all 12 students and Sal are released."] ["{{Expand section}} In an apartment somewhere in Sweden, a woman, a man and his friend are recording an amateur porn movie, while the one man's teenage son is trying to stay out of their way in his room. As time progresses, their filming gets out of hand. All the while, the father is concerned that his son has no respect for him, and the son is concerned about how his father treats the woman."] [" A curious fairy girl named Crysta sees a part of the world she has never seen before beyond FernGully, a rainforest near Mount Warning, Australia. She believes humans dwell on Mount Warning, but the wise sprite of the forest and Crysta's motherly figure, Magi Lune, says humans are now extinct, driven away by an attack by Hexxus, the spirit of destruction and all that is toxic to nature, never to return and presumed dead; Hexxus was defeated by the fairies and imprisoned inside a tree. Crysta mentions a black cloud that she saw rising near the mountain, and Magi identifies it as smoke, but dismisses her speculation that the smoke might be Hexxus. Befriending an uncoordinated and comical fruit bat named Batty Koda who has been experimented on by humans and now has wires and antennas fused into his head, Crysta heads to Mount Warning where she finds dead trees all marked with red aerosol paint crosses, which mark them for cutting. The source of the smoke is the exhaust from a huge tree leveler. She finds male humans, and accidentally shrinks one named Zak in trying to prevent him from being crushed by a tree. Batty swoops in and rescues Zak and Crysta caught in a spider web on that tree. Zak goes on a wild adventure with Crysta and Batty, dodging a hungry Goanna lizard named Lou, and begins to fall in love with Crysta. Meanwhile, Zak's superiors cut down an enchanted baobab tree that Zak had inadvertently painted an X mark on as he tried to spray a fly bothering him, discovering too late that Hexxus has been released from the tree. Seeking revenge upon the fairies of FernGully for imprisoning him, Hexxus gains power by feeding on the pollution, specifically the energy and smoke produced by the leveler. He manipulates the lumberjacks and their tree leveler into tearing down the rainforest in the direction of the fairies by the next morning. Eventually, Zak tells the truth about who he his and how the humans are destroying FernGully. The fairies join forces and fuse their powers together, creating a protective tree cage. Magi sacrifices herself, giving her power to the fairies and Zak, leaving Crysta and the other fairies to defeat Hexxus. Zak turns off the leveler, making Hexxus lose all the energy he was gaining from it and disappear, but he soon rips out of the machine as a giant fire-breathing skeleton creature made of oil. Crysta seemingly sacrifices herself like Magi did by allowing Hexxus to devour her completely, and uses her powers from inside him to grow a seed she had with her, imprisoning both Hexxus and the leveler inside a new tree with help from the fairies led by Pips. Soon afterwards, she emerges, unharmed and alive, from a flower. Crysta sadly resizes Zak to normal size and he sets off with his fellow lumberjacks, Tony and Ralph, to try to stop the destruction of the rainforests. Crysta takes Magi's place after finally learning how to control her powers."] ['Best friends Acerola and Laranjinha live in the favelas of Rio de Janeiro, and have been raised without their fathers. They are turning eighteen as a war between rival drug gangsIn late 2009, a real-life battle between gangs very similar to that in the film showed that City of Men was more reality-based than people had thought begins around them. Each discovers things about his missing father that will compromise their solid friendship.'] ["In New Orleans, a failed day trader at a stock brokerage firm shows up at his former workplace and opens fire on his former colleagues, then turns the gun on himself. Among the dead is Jacob Wood . Two years later, with pro bono attorney Wendell Rohr , Jacob's widow Celeste  takes Vicksburg Firearms to court on the grounds that the company's gross negligence led to her husband's death.  During jury selection, jury consultant Rankin Fitch  and his team communicate background information on each of the jurors to lead defense attorney Durwood Cable  in the courtroom through electronic surveillance. In the jury pool, Nick Easter , an electronics store clerk, tries to get himself excused from jury duty. Judge Frederick Harkin  decides to give Nick a lesson in civic duty and Fitch, despite having originally eliminated him from the list of potential jurors, tells Cable that the judge has sandbagged them, and that he must select Nick as a juror. Nick's congenial manner wins him acceptance from his fellow jurors, with the exception of Frank Herrera , a former Marine who takes an instant dislike to him. However, further to Frank's suspicions of Nick, it is revealed that he and his girlfriend Marlee  do have an ulterior motive. The two seem to be grifters, and offer both Fitch and Rohr the verdict - to the first bidder. Fitch asks for proof that they can deliver. On the other hand, Rohr dismisses the offer, assuming it to be a defense tactic by Fitch to obtain a mistrial. Fitch orders Nick's apartment raided, unfortunately with unsubstantial result. Marlee retaliates by getting one of Fitch's jurors bounced. Fitch then goes after three jurors with blackmail, leading one of them, Rikki Coleman , to attempt suicide. Nick shows Judge Harkin surveillance footage of his apartment being raided and the judge orders the jury sequestered. Rohr loses a key witness  due to harassment, and after confronting Fitch, decides that he cannot win the case. He asks his firm's partners for $10&nbsp;million. Fitch sends an operative, Janovich , to kidnap Marlee, but she fights him off and raises Fitch's price to $15&nbsp;million. On principle, Rohr changes his mind and refuses to pay. Despite knowing this, Fitch agrees to pay Marlee to be certain of the verdict. Nick receives confirmation of receipt of payment and he steers the jury deliberation in favour of the plaintiff, much to the chagrin of Herrera, who launches into a rant, confessing his contemptuous disregard of the law and case facts. Frank's tirade undermines any support he may have had for dismissal of the lawsuit. The gun manufacturer is found liable, with the jury awarding $110&nbsp;million in general damages to Celeste Wood. Meanwhile, Doyle , a Fitch subordinate, tracks down Nick's history in the rural town of Gardner, Indiana, where he discovers that Nick is really Jeff Kerr, a talented former law student drop-out, and that Marlee's real name is Gabby Brandt. Gabby's sister died in a school shooting. The town of Gardner sued the gun manufacturer and Fitch helped to win the case for the defense, bankrupting the town of Gardner. Doyle concludes that Nick and Marlee's intent is a set-up, and he frantically calls Fitch, but it is too late. After the trial, Nick and Marlee confront Fitch with a receipt for the $15&nbsp;million bribe and demand that he retire. They inform him that the $15&nbsp;million will benefit the shooting victims in the town of Gardner."] ['18-year-old Joy starts her catalogue of bad choices by running away from home with Tom. She marries and has a son, Johnny. Tom, a thief, mentally and physically abuses Joy and ends up in prison, leaving her on her own with their son. She takes a job as a barmaid, and later picks up extra money as a prostitute. Her life spirals downhill until her son goes missing and she realises what is most important to her. :Tagline: A love story about a girl, the man she is living for, and the man she is living with.'] ["Katie Liner is the attractive 18-year-old daughter of Jack Liner, a powerful police officer. At one of his benefit parties, she meets Jimmy Pettit, a young man in his early twenties she soon starts dating. Initially, he seems to be the perfect guy: he is well-educated, respectful, polite, popular and has no records with the police. Nevertheless, Jack is not sure about the guy and when he finds out that Katie is engaged, he is not enthusiastic. Things are going fast, though, and in a short period of time, Katie and Jimmy are married and she gives birth to a son. Soon, Katie finds out that Jimmy is not the perfect man he seems to be on the outside. He starts to show violent behavior, pushing and hitting her. Apologizing afterwards makes Katie forgives him every time. Her older sister Sharon who is growing concerned about Katie's marriage to Jimmy notices the bruises, and Katie admits the truth about how bad Jimmy is treating her, but begs her not to oust Jimmy even when she makes her promise to dissolve their marriage if he beat her again pointing out that Jimmy doesn't love her . By the time she is pregnant with her second baby, his aggressive behavior worsens, as he also starts to hit their son Jamie. Desperate, she admits to her mother that she is a victim of domestic violence and that Jimmy isn't treating her right. Ellen convinces her to dissolve their marriage, but Jimmy is not willing to let go of his wife and beats her up severely for trying to leave him. When he threatens to shoot her, she defends herself by killing him with a gunshot. Katie is arrested and admits to her lawyer that she is guilty, although claiming that she still loves her husband. Jack is shocked to find out she was abused and has trouble accepting that she did not turn to him with her problems implying how it could have saved her from the abuse. He tries to discourage her from taking the case to trial, explaining she could be sentenced for life. Katie thinks she stands a chance, though, wanting to show the jury that she was abused. She also starts to realize and is upset that Jack treats Ellen very badly, and confronts him with it . Realizing that it is the truth, he tries to better his life and apologizes to her . Once the trial begins, Katie has trouble proving the intensity of the domestic violence and is harassed by Jimmy's best friend, Wade Blankenship, who wants revenge for the killing. Additionally, the fact that none of the witnesses reported the violence sooner instead of standing by and doing nothing so as to save Katie from Jimmy's wrath starts to work against her . When Katie testifies, she admits she was naive enough to believe if she provided unconditional love to Jimmy that he would eventually stop abusing her, but finally realized that was never going to happen, and that one of them was going to kill the other. She is found not guilty by the jury and even Jimmy's parents, who at first wanted her in prison for the murder, sympathize with her. The film ends with Katie laying a flower at Jimmy's grave, then telling Jamie that they will have a better life."] ['Jamal and Enayatullah are Afghan refugees in a camp in Peshawar, Pakistan. They travel to Quetta, and thence to Taftan on the Iranian border. They pay people smugglers to assist them over the border; on their first attempt they are stopped by Iranian police and returned to Pakistan, but their second attempt is successful. They travel to Tehran and then to Maku, in the Kurdish part of Iran, from where they cross a mountain range on foot to Turkey. In Istanbul they meet a group of other migrants, and they are taken to Italy inside a shipping container. The container is not ventilated, and most of the refugees, including Enayatullah, are suffocated to death. Jamal survives and lives in Italy for a time. He then steals a woman\'s purse and buys a rail ticket to Paris. From there, he goes to the Sangatte asylum seekers camp and with a new friend, Yusef, he crosses the channel by stowing away on a lorry. Finally, he arrives in London, where he calls his uncle to say he has arrived but that Enyatullah is "not in this world". The film ends with images of the Peshawar refugees.'] ["Basanti  is a prostitute with a child, Titali, working with Ila Arun. Chandan  is a newly recruited postman. Upon his arrival in the village, he is moved by Basanti's sufferings. The third part of the love triangle is Bhuvan Panda , the village priest of the goddess, Kali. He thinks of himself as a god and bends religion as per his will. In the movie, the priest follows some of the aghori rituals and is one of Basanti's regular customers. Bhuvan Panda has a fetish for sadism. He is shown to enjoy Basanti by stripping her and forcing himself on her and inflicting pain on her as he completes his act of pleasure. Meanwhile Chandan befriends Titali and Basanti and it is here that Basanti discloses that she wants a better life for her daughter, Titali. Chandan falls in love with Basanti and promises to give her and Titali a better life. The priest does not approve of the marriage, for obvious reasons. Bhuvan Panda plans to kill Basanti. Chandan tries to stop him and is killed. As this is happening, Basanti awaits her lover at the altar. When he does not arrive, Basanti leaves broken-hearted. In her despair, Basanti returns to her life of prostitution. When the news of what happened to Chandan reaches Basanti, she and all the villagers attack the temple. In a climactic confrontation between the prostitute and the priest, Bhuvan Panda is killed at the hands of Basanti. The story ends with Basanti avenging the death of her lover."] ["Persons on both sides of a bloody political struggle search for grace and forgiveness in this emotional drama. Velayudhan  is a young man living in a place torn apart by civil strife. In the midst of a raging street war, he kills his best friend. He was overcome by guilt and remorse for his actions as Narayani , his friend's mother, tries to hold herself together while she arranges for her son's funeral. Velayudhan's mother Karthiyayani  goes to a temple and prays for her son's forgiveness despite his violence and wrongdoing. There she meets Narayani who is stricken with her own feelings of grief over the death of her child."] ['The film focuses upon three 14-year-old high school freshman girls: Dawn , Becca , and Hannah . Hannah finds herself on the receiving end of peer pressure from her friends to engage in oral sex with Nick, whom Hannah likes. She believes that she has to behave in a particular fashion in order to fit in with her more sexually-active peers. As Hannah becomes more sexually advanced, she does not reveal her sexual encounters and activities with Nick to her mother, who is quite concerned about the subject. Hannah regards her mother\'s concern as being intrusive, knowing she would be shocked if she knew. When Hannah\'s best friend Dawn gets syphilis, the school nurses begin widespread testing. It soon becomes evident that the school is experiencing a syphilis epidemic. Although Nick is identified as the main spreader of the disease, he does not appreciate the serious nature of the issue and refuses to be tested, mocking those who undergo testing. Dawn reluctantly gets tested and discovers that she has contracted the disease. She realizes the consequences of her behavior and encourages her friends to get tested as well. Hannah notices a sore in her mouth one morning and decides to see the nurse, who tells Hannah that she is also infected. Thus, Hannah is forced to deal with the consequences of her actions. When Hannah\'s mother finds out about the syphilis spread, she launches an effort to alert parents about their children\'s dangerous behavior. Although she is certain that other parents will share her level of concern in helping their children, she is shocked by some of the parents\' indifferent attitudes to their children\'s actions. Meanwhile, Becca is outraged when her religious parents decide to send her to boarding school, and Hannah is alienated at school because of her mother. She leaves her house one night and goes to her friend Tommy\'s house. They both realize they like each other and make out. Hannah wants to have sex, but Tommy refuses, explaining that he likes her but wishes to wait, as they are too young. Hannah becomes even more emotionally distraught and runs off. When Hannah\'s parents return home and see that she is gone, her mother goes off to find her. Walking around by herself in the street, Hannah calls Dawn and Becca. Dawn is grounded and is not allowed to speak with Hannah and Becca is making out in a car with two boys. Hannah goes to a party, where many of the kids from her school are present, looking for Becca. Brad, the party\'s host, directs Hannah to the basement and when she realizes that Becca is not there, he attempts to have sex with her. Tommy barges into the room, takes a picture of Brad and threatens to send it to 911. Brad leaves Hannah and ends the party. Tommy takes Hannah back to his house and calls her parents. They come to fetch her, relieved to see she is alright. Hannah apologizes to them and her mother promises that things will be better from now on. The end of the film shows Becca has snuck back into her room and begins to cry. Dawn is playing Scrabble with her mother as her sister, Tess, sneaks off to Dawn\'s room. Then she picks up one of Dawn\'s "sexy" shirts, takes off her glasses and models in front of the mirror. At the end of the film, Alexis Dziena appears to give a public service announcement urging teens to wait to have sex because of both physical and emotional consequences.'] ["As the primarily white town of Delrona Beach, Florida is preparing for its annual festival, one of the parade floats is set afire. A young African-American boy named Terrell is found guilty of the deed, and he is sentenced to community service with a local community theater. An orphan, Terrell is in the care of an elderly relative, Eunice Stokes, who lives in the neighboring, primarily black community of Lincoln Beach. Eunice is being visited by her actress daughter, Desiree, a former beauty queen who left town while she was still in high school. At the time, she caused a scandal because she was pregnant and her parents sent her to live with an aunt in Georgia until the baby came. She has returned to make amends to her mother and also to introduce her new husband, Reggie. While in town, she becomes re-acquainted with her old high-school paramour, Flash, who was a star football player and is now a promoter for a property development scheme. Back in Delrona Beach, Marly Temple runs a motel and cafe owned by her elderly father and drama-instructor mother. Marly feels shackled by the arrangement and is tempted to sell the hotel to developers, but she assumes her father will never agree. Marly wanted to be a marine biologist and was once an underwater performer, but when her twin older brothers died in an accident she reluctantly became her father's heir. Marly must also deal with her former husband, Steve, a slacker who is always looking to make some quick money. Marly additionally has a boyfriend, Scotty, who is struggling to become a golf pro and travel the tour circuit. Marly then becomes romantically involved with Jack, a landscape architect affiliated with the property developers. Offering commentary on the story are a group of golfers, who act as an updated iteration of the Greek chorus."] ["At Woodword University, a football-oriented California school, Lyn McKenna is raped and brutalized by her best friend's boyfriend, football player Ron Cooper. Lyn is hesitant to reveal this information as she fears that doing so will create a number of social issues and will simply worsen the aftermath of her experience. However, continued threats from Ron and his fellow football teammates lead Lyn into desperate action, and she requests that the school hold a disciplinary hearing against Ron, and ultimately demands that a district attorney prosecute."] ['The film recounts the life of an alcoholic New York writer, Don Birnam, over the last half of a six year period, and in particular on a weekend alcoholic binge. A shot of the Manhattan skyline to an apartment, with a whiskey bottle hung outside a window by a thin rope. Don and his brother Wick are packing for a weekend vacation. Wick believes that Don, a recovering alcoholic, has been on the wagon for ten days. After Don\'s girlfriend Helen St. James arrives to wish them bon voyage, she lets it slip that she has two tickets to a Barbirolli concert, but is going alone. Don urges his brother to go with her and says they\'ll take a later train for their weekend trip. Wick, having disposed of his brother\'s hidden supply of drink, becomes suspicious of why he is being hustled out. Don angrily demands time to gather his thoughts alone. Wick reluctantly agrees to go and reassures Helen he has found Don\'s hidden supply of alcohol and points out Don is broke. After they leave, Don frantically tries to find alcohol he has hidden. The cleaning lady arrives for work, but Don cons her out of her wages and sends her away. Don takes the money he swindled to Nat\'s Bar on Third Avenue, based on the legendary P. J. Clarke\'s, and gets drunk, missing the train he is meant to catch. Wick, effectively rejecting his brother, intends to leave without him, though Helen is wary of leaving Don alone for four days. She is very busy with her work at Time magazine. As Wick is leaving the building, he urges Helen to give herself a chance by dropping Don. Helen waits. Don sneaks into his apartment to avoid her so he can drink. He quickly hides the cheap whiskey he has bought, in addition to the many drinks at the bar. The following morning he finds a message from Helen pinned to his front door, urging him to call her. Later at the bar, owner Nat voices his distaste for how Don treats Helen and another girl who hangs out at the bar. Don recounts to Nat how he met Helen three years earlier at the Metropolitan Opera after a matinee performance of La Traviata. As he is checking his coat, he slides a pint of rye in his raincoat pocket. During the performance, he becomes aggitated during "Libiamo ne\' lieti calici", the "drinking song" in the first act. He cannot think of anything but the alcohol in the hands of the players and the bottle of rye in his pocket. He abruptly leaves the performance, and upon collecting his coat is presented with a woman\'s leopardskin coat. He becomes irritated that he can\'t get his own coat and is forced to wait until the only person remaining in the area, is the woman with his hat and coat. He is incredibly rude to her, but he makes a quick recovery with his manners and she invites him to a party. He declines, but as shifts his coat off his arm, the flask falls out of his pocket and smashes on the sidewalk. He tells a lie that it\'s for a friend, and asks if he can still go along to the cocktail party. He tells the bartender he chose not to drink that night... for her. Their relationship becomes serious. One day he is due to meet Helen\'s parents, visiting from Toledo, Ohio, whom he overhears discussing his character flaws in the hotel lobby. Overpowered by anxiety, he escapes into the phone booth as Helen arrives and, while clandestinely observing her, calls and asks her to go ahead with lunch without him. This incident caused his return to drinking. Later, after Wick attempts to cover for Don\'s absence by telling Helen that Don is in Philadelphia, Don emerges from hiding and confesses his alcohol problem to Helen. He recognizes himself as two people: \'Don the writer\' and \'Don the drunk\', who is dependent on his brother. Don explains that he dropped out of college, identified earlier as Cornell, because he was convinced he was already a Hemingway, a "great writer." As he began to doubt his writing talent, he found solace in drink. Don says he can only develop writing ideas while drunk, but he forgets them when sober. Don suggests Helen drop him, but his words only strengthen Helen\'s resolve to help Don. The story returns to the present. Don cannot find a hidden bottle of whiskey, but discovers the name of a bar he has not visited before on a pack of matches. In order to pay his bill at Harry & Joe\'s, he steals a woman\'s handbag, takes it into the men\'s room, and manages to extract enough money to pay his bill. The woman, though, has recognized the theft, and he is identified as the culprit. He admits he has taken her money. The woman takes pity on him in his drunken state and does not press charges. He is told not to return and thrown out.  The next day, Saturday, Don\'s phone rings repeatedly. Don supposes it is Helen, but ignores it. Later, he tries and fails to pawn his typewriter, since all the Third Avenue pawnshops are closed because of Yom Kippur. Returning exhausted to the bar, Nat refuses to serve him. Don visits Gloria, another habitué of Nat\'s Bar, whom he had half-seriously propositioned at the bar and who has admitted being attracted to him. She is now angry over the dates he has broken with her, but after he kisses her in desperation, she yields and hands over a little money. He then falls down the stairs and is knocked unconscious. Coming around in the alcoholics\' ward of a hospital on Sunday, he is confronted by \'Bim\' Nolan who mockingly recounts the histories of other patients at "Hangover Plaza." Bim allows that admissions to the ward were more numerous during prohibition and offers Don a solution to counteract the effects of the DTs, which Don refuses. During the night, on his second attempt and wearing a stolen coat over his pajamas, Don succeeds in escaping from the ward while the staff are occupied with a more disturbed and violent patient. Meanwhile, Helen sleeps on the stairs outside his apartment. Don always ignores his milk and newspaper deliveries, but Helen is awoken by the milkman. Don\'s landlady assumes he is on one of his benders. She tells Helen she would be better off if he were dead. Elsewhere, as a liquor store is opening for the day, Don snatches a cheap bottle of whiskey from an assistant clerk. He returns home and ignores the ringing phone. Later, while inebriated, he imagines a mouse appearing out of a crack in the wall and a bat flying around his living room. The bat attacks the mouse. Bim had explained earlier that alcoholics usually imagine seeing small animals rather than "pink elephants." Helen returns, alerted by a call from Don\'s landlady who can hear his screams. Finding him in a delirious state, she vows to look after him and spends the night for reasons of propriety on Don\'s couch. In the morning, Tuesday, Don is again absent. Helen learns that Don has pawned her coat—the one that brought them together—for a gun. Once more, Helen returns to Don\'s apartment. He is eager to get rid of her, though she asks him to lend her his raincoat. Don claims their relationship is at an end. Helen, via a reflection in a mirror, spots the gun concealed in the bathroom wash basin and offers him drink as a distraction. Quickly, she is able to retrieve the gun, but Don wrenches it away from her. She reiterates her love for him. As Helen tries to persuade Don to quit drinking, the door buzzer sounds. Don answers, and Nat enters to return the typewriter Don lost at Gloria\'s home the night he fell. After Helen persuades him that "Don the writer" and "Don the drunk" are the same person, Don finally commits to writing his novel The Bottle, dedicated to Helen, which will recount the events of the weekend. He drops a cigarette into a glass of whiskey rather than drink it. He recalls that while packing for his lost weekend his mind was on a bottle suspended just outside his window, he ponders, over a reversal of the opening shot, how many other people in New York City are in the same position as he.'] ["Rome 1938, Umberto  and Leone  have got a men's costume shop, on the same street. Umberto is Catholic, Leone is Jewish. Racial Laws are approved in Italy in 1938 after Hitler's visit to Rome ."] ['The film revolves around the court-martial of 1st Sgt. Braxton Rutledge , a "Buffalo Soldier" of the 9th U.S. Cavalry. His defense is handled by Lt. Tom Cantrell , Rutledge\'s troop officer. The story is told through a series of flashbacks, expanding the testimony of witnesses as they describe the events following the murder of Rutledge\'s Commanding Officer, Major Dabney, and the rape and murder of Dabney\'s daughter, for which Rutledge is the accused. Circumstantial evidence suggests that the first sergeant raped and murdered the girl and then killed his commanding officer. Worse still, Rutledge deserts after the killings. Ultimately, he is tracked down and arrested by Lt. Cantrell. At one point, Rutledge escapes from captivity during an Indian raid, but later, he voluntarily returns to warn his fellow cavalrymen that they are about to face an ambush, thus saving the troop. He is then brought back in to face the charges and the prejudices of an all-white military court. Eventually he is found not guilty of the rape and murder of the girl when a local white man breaks down under questioning and admits that he raped the girl.'] ['Set in the city of Bucharest, Romania, the action is confined to a week in the life of the various characters. Alberta Watson plays the bored wife of a diplomat. Director and screenwriter Thom Fitzgerald plays a Canadian pornographer. The title is based on the fact that when the communist government forced people to move into working-class apartment complexes they had to give up their pets. The initial population of perhaps 2,000 dogs has grown over the years to the point where some estimate that 20 years later as many as 200,000 wild dogs wander the streets of the city. The Wild Dogs won the Best Canadian Feature at the 2002 Atlantic Film Festival The film debuted at the Toronto Film Festival, won four prizes including the Best Canadian Film Award and Best Director at the Atlantic Film Festival, and was nominated for four Academy of Canadian Cinema  Awards including a Best supporting Actor nomination for David Hayman as a womanizing diplomat with cancer. Director Thom Fitzgerald picked up an "Emerging Master" trophy from the Seattle International Film Festival and the film was nominated for the Best Film at the Taos Talking Film Festival. It was broadcast on The Movie Network and CHUM Networks.'] ['The film tells the story of six white American women, all but one over thirty, impatiently waiting out their lengthy residency requirements in an unidentified South American country before picking up their adoptive babies.'] [' Young VeraHer age isn\'t stated in the film, but she has finished school and her father repeatedly asks her if she has received her college acceptance yet. lives with her mother and her alcoholic father, Kolya, who are becoming increasingly dissatisfied with her choice of friends and what they consider her decadent lifestyle. They wonder why she can’t be more like her brother Victor, a doctor living in Moscow. At an underground dance party that is broken up by police, she meets Sergei, and they immediately fall in love. It turns out Sergei is an old friend of Victor, who, in town for a visit, calls on his friend only to find him alone with his sister. Vera and Sergei decide to marry, but her parents object. Vera convinces them to accept the planned marriage by falsely telling her mother she is pregnant. Sergei’s first meeting with her parents is disastrous, and he leaves with Vera without finishing dinner, but he soon comes to live with them. The tension between Sergei and Kolya increases and comes to a climax on Kolya’s birthday. Fed up with the drunken Kolya, Sergei locks him in the bathroom, where he breaks the basin. When he is let out of the bathroom, he stabs Sergei in the side with a knife, the wound requiring a long convalescence in the hospital. Vera’s mother tries to convince her to tell the authorities that Sergei accidentally caused the wound to himself, to avoid Kolya being sent to prison. Victor, visiting from Moscow, prescribes tranquilizers to calm the despondent Vera. The family goes to the beach for a picnic, ostensibly to help take Vera’s mind off the situation. Vera believes, however, that it is a ruse to persuade her to lie about the stabbing. A storm suddenly comes up, and as the family prepares to leave, Vera is nowhere to be found. Kolya searches for her and the two are seen embracing on the beach. Vera testifies that her father was not to blame for what happened to Sergei. She visits him in the hospital and explains that the family needed Kolya to survive. Sergei now seems disinterested in her, and tells her to go away. Back in her apartment, she finds herself alone and starts drinking and taking the pills. Victor arrives and rescues her. Sergei escapes from the hospital and soon arrives on the scene. When Vera asked Sergei why he came back, he replies, "Because I was scared". As the film ends, Vera asks Sergei if he loves her. A subplot involves Andrey, a former classmate of Vera, who is infatuated with her and wants her to marry him. At the beginning of the film, Andrey is about to leave for naval training and attempts to persuade Vera to come home with him, but she spurns his advances. Later, she meets him on her way home from the hospital after visiting Sergei. He explains that he is on leave for only one day and again tries to arrange a tryst, only to have Vera resort to physical violence to fend him off when he attempts to force himself on her.'] ["City banker Mark  lives with his pregnant wife Laura  in a large house in an upper-class neighbourhood. Although he has just made a fortune in a financial deal, Mark refuses to give money to a beggar in an underground station, but later regrets this behaviour and begins to feel guilty about his success and opulent lifestyle. Another day, he returns to find the homeless man and gives him 100 pounds. Mark then resolves to use his wealth to help the indigent and volunteer as an outreach worker. As the film develops, it becomes clear that his newfound concern for the poor is also a form of escapism from his materialistic wife, and that he feels trapped and frightened by his life. Robert , a convicted murderer, is released from prison and moves into a hostel in Swiss Cottage. There he meets the pregnant Michelle , who has been relocated with her young daughter by a social worker to protect them from her abusive husband. Robert and Michelle form an intriguing relationship, while Robert continues looking for his mother, whom he has not seen for many years. In the hostel also lives a Nigerian immigrant family – journalist Yemi , his wife Itshe  and their daughter. Yemi works as kitchen help in a restaurant and Itshe as a house cleaner. They desperately need to raise 5,000 pounds to bring Yemi's father from Nigeria to London, before the political gangs who forced them into emigrating kill him. Marks begins to collaborate with Sally , the social worker who placed Michelle in the hostel, and helps to allot 17-year-old runaway Zoe  a room there. He soon becomes very close to the teenager. One night at the hostel, Zoe kisses him, but he rejects her advances and returns home to his wife, who seems distraught by his absences and is convinced that he is having an affair. Robert finds out that his mother died while he was in prison and breaks off his relationship with Michelle. Mark and Laura manage to settle their differences in a restaurant: he explains the reasons of his being away and apologizes for having been so cruel in his neglect. While driving home after the dinner out, Mark almost hit Robert, who is walking back to the hostel. Enraged by the near-accident, Robert follows them and stabs Mark to death when he comes to the door."] ['The Klansman recounts what happens to an African American man in a small town in the U.S. south after a young white woman  is sexually assaulted and beaten. Events spiral out of control when a sniper shoots a Ku Klux Klan member at a funeral.'] ["Karen Silkwood , a worker at the Kerr-McGee Cimarron Fuel Fabrication Site , shares a ramshackle house with two co-workers, her boyfriend Drew Stephens  and her lesbian friend Dolly Pelliker . She makes plutonium fuel rods for nuclear reactors, where she deals with the threat of exposure to radiation. She has become a union activist, concerned that corporate practices may adversely affect the health of workers. She is also engaged in a conflict with her former common-law husband in an effort to have more time with their three children. Because the plant has fallen behind on a major contract, employees are required to work long hours of overtime. She believes that managers are falsifying safety reports and cutting corners wherever possible, risking the welfare of the personnel. Karen approaches the union with her concerns and becomes active in lobbying for safeguards. She travels to Washington, D.C. to testify before the Atomic Energy Commission. She interacts with union officials who appear to be more interested in the publicity she is generating than her welfare and that of her co-workers. When Silkwood and other workers become contaminated by radiation, plant officials try to blame her for the incident. When she discovers that negatives of photographs of faulty fuel rods have been retouched and records of inadequate safety measures have been altered, she decides to conduct an investigation of her own. Complications arise in her personal life when Angela, a funeral parlor beautician, joins the household as Dolly's lover. Unable to deal with Silkwood's obsession with gathering evidence, her lover Drew moves out. Once she feels she has gathered sufficient documentation, Silkwood contacts a reporter from the New York Times and arranges a nighttime meeting. In the film's final moments, the scene fades out as Silkwood, on her way to the meeting, sees approaching headlights in her rear-view mirror, which draw up so close that they blind her and make her unable to watch the road ahead. The scene fades in on the aftermath of her fatal one-car crash, and the viewer is left to decide whether the crash was an accident."] ['The film tells the story of Binh, a Vietnamese boy who is often referred to as a "bui doi" . After a life of prejudice and servitude, Binh decides to leave his tiny Vietnamese village and search for his mother in Saigon. Binh finds his mother, Mai, and discovers he has a younger brother, energetic and precocious Tam. Mai is employed by Mrs. Hoa, the cruel mistress of a great house. After getting a job at the house with his mother, Binh discovers that she is sexually harassed constantly by Mrs. Hoa\'s son. While dusting with his mother, Binh lifts a red glass statue of Buddha, a precious family heirloom, to allow his mother to dust. As Binh lifts the statue to see it glow in the sun, the mistress walks in and charges Binh, calling him a thief. As Binh tries to keep the Buddha safe in his arms, the mistress slips on a wet patch of the floor, falling to her death. Binh and his mother quickly escape the house back to their apartment. They frantically pack the belongings of Binh and Tam. His mother gives them American money, the address of Binh\'s American father, and passage on a boat. Binh and Tam both make it onto a boat bound for the United States, but a storm knocks them off course and instead takes them to Malaysia. Stuck in a refugee camp, Binh and Tam adapt to their new circumstances and meet Ling, a Chinese prostitute whose passage to America was also detoured to Malaysia. Binh and Ling seem to develop feelings for each other, kissing after Ling sings a ballad in Mandarin and dances for him. Ling had been selling sexual favors for some time  and had managed to buy herself, Binh, and Tam\'s way out of the refugee complex and onto a barge captained by the British Captain Oh. During the voyage Binh, Ling, and Tam suffer under shortages of food and rationing of fresh water. A gambling game  threatens the other passengers by unfairly winning their food, water, and money. Several people succumb to the conditions, as does little Tam. A heartbroken Binh and Ling give him a funeral at sea. The immigrants finally reach the United States, but are quickly rushed into transport trucks, bound for Chinatown in New York City. Binh works at a Chinese restaurant as a delivery boy and Ling works in a Chinatown cabaret, though she still keeps prostitution as her main source of income. Ling eventually meets a wealthy businessman to support her. Binh\'s feelings for Ling go unanswered. Binh sends a letter explaining Tam\'s death to his mother, along with all the money he had saved thus far. Binh finds out  that Vietnamese children born to American fathers are allowed free airplane passage to the United States and granted citizenship. Angry because he didn\'t have to lose his brother, he promptly leaves his job and hitch hikes toward Houston, Texas, meeting amputee Vietnam War veterans and a Hispanic family along the way. Upon reaching the address Binh finds a woman, his father\'s ex-wife. His father had relocated after their divorce, working as a handyman at a ranch in Sweetwater, Texas. Binh is finally confronted with his father, blinded after opening a crate filled with explosives he thought was beer during the war. While Binh doesn\'t confess that he\'s his son, his father realizes it and the film ends with Binh and his father joking and laughing as he cuts his father\'s hair.'] ["Rudy and Mogie Yellow Lodge are Lakota Sioux brothers on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in Wounded Knee, South Dakota. Mogie is a severe alcoholic with no job and a high school age son and Rudy is a police officer trying to take care of his brother, nephew and the rest of the town through the hands of law. Rudy tries to help his brother by bringing him food and money and taking him to a picnic, but Mogie is resistant to Rudy's attempts, choosing to drink and make jokes about the depressed state of their people and town. As a child, Rudy had been bitten by a spider, and Mogie told him it was Iktomi, the trickster spider; this spider re-appears to Rudy early in the film and Rudy's attempts to help begin to wander outside the lines of the law. When Rudy is sent on a police call to an abandoned house, he finds the bloodied, dead body of a young man who has been kicked to death. He sees a person in the darkness, but they run away before he can identify them. Chasing after the criminal, Rudy trips and falls head first onto a rock, knocking him more into the confusion that the trickster spider had started in him as child. Rudy's friend tells him that rocks are very spiritual and Rudy begins to think that something has gotten into him when he becomes a vigilante. He sees a teenage boy wearing the same shoes as the figure who ran away from the scene of the murder, and secretly follows the boy and his friend. He hears them talking about whether to dispose of a pair of boots that connects them to the murder. Disguising himself with black paint on his face, Rudy sneaks up on the boys with a baseball bat and viciously beats their kneecaps, announcing himself as the ghost of the boy they murdered. Afterwards, while washing the paint off his face, he again sees Iktomi. Next, a camera crew visits the town to report on the millions of dollars that a liquor store in the bordering town is sucking out of miserable alcoholic Indians from the reservation. The subject of the news report angers Rudy into going to the liquor store in the middle of the night, again with a painted face, and setting the building on fire. He doesn’t realize that his brother is sleeping on the roof of the building. Mogie escapes and survives, but is burned and severely scarred, and spends some time in the hospital. Realizing that he almost killed his brother, Rudy visits a friend to get instructions on how to deal with Iktomi's spirit; these involve a combination of home remedies and a sweat lodge ceremony. During Mogie’s stay in the hospital, the doctors discover that his health is rapidly deteriorating, including a terminal liver condition. After he is released from the hospital, Mogie, his son Herbie, Rudy, and Aunt Helen have dinner, and Mogie brings up American Horse, an Oglala Indian who testified against the 7th Cavalry. This conversation brings up the story of the Wounded Knee Massacre, which Rudy tells to Herbie. Wracked with guilt, Rudy tells Mogie that he started the fire, and Mogie replies that the one thing he can do to make up for it is blow the nose off of George Washington's face on Mount Rushmore. Rudy calls the idea crazy, and says he won't do it. Rudy gets a police call saying that a man is stuck in a trap. He arrives at the house to find Mogie's drinking partner  dead, having been caught in a bear trap, with the owners of the house standing over him. The mother of the family  says that they put the bear trap out to catch burglars. The family seems to have no remorse for the man's death. When Mogie finds out the story behind his friend's death, he seeks revenge. He goes to the family's house with a gun and aims it at the father while he sits in the living room, but after a child appears in the room, Mogie decides not to pull the trigger. On Herbie's 18th birthday, he visits his father to find him drunk and in very poor condition. He and Rudy take Mogie to the hospital. Mogie is discovered to have pneumonia, and he must stay at the hospital. Rudy, Herbie, and Aunt Helen stay with him. Mogie dies, and a ceremony is held. Rudy receives a letter, written to him from Mogie before he died, asking him to take care of Herbie. Rudy finds out that the liquor store is being rebuilt to be twice as big with two drive-in windows. He buys a large can of oil-based red paint and drives to Mount Rushmore. He climbs to the top, and standing on the head of George Washington, he ponders whether his plan is stupid, but before he can change his mind, he once again sees Iktomi crawling across the paint can. Seeing this, he makes his tribute to Mogie by throwing the can of paint so that it drips down the side of George Washington's nose, almost like a rivulet of bloody tears. On the drive back, he sees a hitchhiker that looks just like Mogie in his youth and laughs. Skins depicts the bond between two brothers and the effects of the destruction in Native American history on their lives today. Through his sometimes extreme attempts to help his family and his people, Rudy explores his reasons for his actions and the reasons that his people and family are in a condition that needs such help."] ["Pappu is a relentless fighter for justice and equality from early childhood. He organises protest against his teacher who discriminates between the landlord's son and other children. The landlord is provoked to wrath, and Pappu is obliged to leave home. From now on, he has to lead a hard, tough life, fighting at every step to uphold his ideals. He takes odd jobs but had to give them up as he cannot stand the iniquity meted out by his employers. Ultimately, he settles down as a rickshaw-puller. He takes care of a child from the gutter. That child became so arrogant and proud when she grew up. She did not even want Pappu's presence. Pappu became a patient due to hard work. The subsequent developments reveal him as an extremely affectionate human being, seeking pleasure in doing good to others and demanding nothing for himself. The film ends with the girl realising her mistakes."] ["Vera Drake  is devoted to her family, looking after her husband and children, her elderly mother, and a sick neighbour. Her shy daughter, Ethel , works in a lightbulb factory, and son, Sid , tailors men's suits. Her husband, Stanley ([[Phil Davis , is a car mechanic. Although Vera and her family are poor, their strong family bonds hold them together, and we see Vera's constant small acts of kindness to the many people she encounters throughout her day. Vera works as a house cleaner. However, unbeknownst to her family, she also serves as a backroom abortionist. She receives no money for this, believing her help to be an act of charity. However, Lily , who also carries on a black-market trade in scarce postwar foodstuffs, charges two guineas  for arranging the abortions, without Vera's knowledge. The film also contains a subplot about an upper class young woman, Susan , the daughter of one of Vera's employers. Susan is raped by a suitor, becomes pregnant, and asks a friend to put her in contact with a doctor, through whom she can obtain an abortion. The doctor first refers her to a psychiatrist, who prompts her to answer questions in a certain way, so that he can recommend an abortion on legal grounds: that she has a family history of mental illness and that she may commit suicide if not allowed to terminate the pregnancy. The abortion costs her a hundred guineas. After one of her patients nearly dies, Vera is arrested by the police and taken into custody for questioning. She is held overnight and appears before a magistrate the next morning. Sid is shocked by his mother's secret activities and tells his father that he does not think that he can forgive her. Vera is bailed to appear at the Old Bailey. None of Vera's employers will give her a character reference. Her solicitor thinks she will receive the minimum sentence of 18 months in jail; the judge sentences her to two and a half years imprisonment 'as a deterrent to others'. This affects all the people who previously depended on Vera's kindness."] [" Based on the non-fiction book by Peter Maas, the film covers twelve years  in the life of Frank Serpico, a NYPD officer who wants to do the best he can as a policeman. Working as a uniformed patrolman, Serpico succeeds in every assignment. He moves on to plainclothes assignments, where he slowly discovers a hidden world of illicit activities among his own colleagues. After witnessing cops doing drugs, committing violence, taking paybacks and other forms of police corruption, Serpico decides to expose what he's seen, but he is harassed and threatened. The struggle leads to infighting within the police force, problems in his personal relationships, and life-threatening situations. Finally, after being shot in the face during a drug bust on February 3, 1971, he testifies before the Knapp Commission, which was a government inquiry into police corruption between 1970 and 1972."] ['Dan Dunne  is a young urban middle-school history teacher at a Brooklyn school, with a teaching style that rejects the standard curriculum in favor of an approach based upon dialectics. Though he seems to have it all together in the classroom, in his own time he is found frequently snorting and freebasing cocaine. But after a basketball game, Dan\'s ex-girlfriend, Rachel  turns up, evoking emotions that he cannot handle. A short while later, one of his students , Drey , catches him getting high in the locker room. The compromising situation propels a binding friendship as Dan would prefer not to lose his job and Drey feels sorry for him. Meanwhile, Drey has to deal with the negligence of a single-mother  who is always at work, a brother, Mike , who is in prison for selling drugs for neighborhood dealer, Frank  and an absent father. Drey\'s lack of supervision makes her a target for Frank\'s operation and he encourages her to become involved in his business. As Dan and Drey begin to get a better understanding of each other as friends, they both know what the other one should stay away from and what they need, but is struggling to get by themselves. Dan perceives that Frank is a bad influence on Drey and tries to intercept on numerous occasions. And Drey tries to get Dan to open up about his drug habit to no avail as he feels uncomfortable talking with a student about it. After a tense conversation with Frank about Drey, Dan goes to Isabel\'s  house, another teacher at the school, with whom he had one previous date. He forces himself on her,  trying to right his apparent disinterest in her on their last date, but after she defends herself and runs off, he feels bad and decides to leave. The following day, he further takes his stress out on Drey, telling her to talk to friends her own age when she finds him, hoping to hang out. Drey, a little upset at this, is pushed further into the company of Frank, and he has her do her first drug deal. Dan goes to his parents\' house for dinner, where his brother, Jeff, and his girlfriend, Cindy, also attend. He says little, and does not enjoy himself much, but a joke of Jeff\'s that Cindy tells him makes him laugh. The same night, Drey is out with Frank, dealing. Drey arrives at a place to deliver some drugs and is surprised to find that she is dealing to Dan amidst a group of friends also getting stoned. The next day, Dan is not at school, and his students are told that he is being replaced by a Mr. Light, without much explanation. This changes something within Drey as she refuses a lift home from Frank, choosing to turn from that path. She knocks on Dan\'s door and he answers. He goes into the bathroom, shaves and cleans himself up, before sitting down to drink a glass of water. Drey sits down and joins him. The film ends with Dan telling the same joke he heard from Cindy, but the timing is all wrong. Drey says, "That was horrible", and they both laugh.'] ["A married couple struggles to adjust when the husband's brain is transplanted into the skull of a black man. David Rowe  is a white district attorney who must now live his life as a black man. His wife Margaret  tries to deal with the transformation of her husband's appearance as David feels the stings of racial prejudice for the first time. Sheriff Webb  is a local lawman who resents the district attorney, but after the sheriff kills his own black mistress, he must rely on David for his legal defense. Margaret has trouble being intimate with the man she knows is still her husband. Rowe investigates the murder of the young black woman while his superiors, friends and family treat him differently."] ["The film is a satire on Indian caste system; when a poor and out-caste, village shoemaker, Dukhi , goes to village Brahmin   to get the date of his daughter's marriage fixed, the Brahmin in turn asks for labour without pay in exchange, the ensuing events however turn the table against the priest, who in the end has to fore-go all the lofty tradition, including that of untouchability, he held so dearly, all this life, in his life as village priest.Overview New York Times."] ["Senegalese director Ousmane Sembène's Borom Saret tells the story of a poor man trying to make a living as a cart driver in Dakar. While he expects to be paid for his services, he never makes it clear, so when he does not receive payment he is often left feeling disappointed and taken advantaged of. Among the people he meets is a man delivering his dead child to the cemetery. When the man is not allowed in because he does not have the correct papers, the cart driver abandons the body in the ground and leaves the man lamenting over his loss. In another sequence, a well dressed man asks to be taken to the wealthier French quarter of the city. They argue, but the cart master takes him anyway. The city prohibits horse-drawn carts and a policeman fines Sarret, taking his cart payment. The well-dressed man has left his driver and Sarret is now left without a means to earn a living."] ["Hamid Hamoun who is an executive at a leading import-export firm lives with his wife Mahshid who is a budding artist in abstract painting. Mahshid hails from a rich family but marries the middle class Hamoun after falling for his intellectual tastes and forward views. After 7 years of marriage Mahshid who once was very much in love with Hamoun soon sees him as a constricting force against her desire to do something meaningful with her life. Hamoun who wishes to pursue a career as a writer while simultaneously preparing for his PhD thesis, occasionally takes out his frustration at his wife. Mahshid soon demands divorce from him. Hamoun is shocked to find out that his wife loves him no more. The story then depicts Hamoun's incapability to deal with the reality of losing his wife and living with his unfulfilled dreams. The subsequent scenes portray Hamoun's realisations coupled with dreamlike sequences resembling those from some of Fellini's movies. Hamoun vigorously attempts to meet his teacher Ali, whom he greatly admires, but never does. He then gives his grandmother a visit the purpose of which is to get a rifle which his grandfather had left. Hamoun unsuccessfully attempts to kill his wife who is now leading a good life on her own. Driven to the brink of madness by helplessness, Hamoun tries suicide by drowning himself in the sea. Hamoun goes through a dream where all his acquaintances and relatives including his mother and wife consoles him and Hamoun finds out  that all his problems have been solved, only to wake up in the boat after being rescued by Ali, his teacher."] ['Danny Di Pace, Arthur Reardon and Anthony "Batman" Aposto are members of a street gang named the Thunderbirds in New York City in East Harlem. They have a ongoing turf war with a Puerto Rican gang call the Horsemen. The three Thunderbirds unleash a knife attack on Roberto Escalante, a blind member of the Horsemen and stab him to death. They are caught and arrested, and during questioning by the police and an assistant district attorney, Hank Bell  discovers one of the boys is the son of an ex-girlfriend . Back at the office of the district attorney Dan Cole , Bell admits he knows the mother of one of the suspects in the killing but despite objections, he is not taken off the case and admits that he in fact grew up in the same neighborhood. At the funeral for Roberto Escalante, he is confronted by his ex-lover and she tells him her son promised he would never join a gang. Bell then sets out to find out the true facts about the killing and admits that his father changed his name from Bellini to Bell because he was ashamed of his background and where he grew up.'] ["At the stereotypical Rivervale High School, Trevor Adams ([[Ben Foster  is an outcast trying to fit back in after a false bomb threat he made a few months ago as a result of frequent bullying. Trevor is chosen to star in a play called Bang Bang You're Dead as the main character, Josh. After parents and the community hear of the play and its suspicious actor, they call for it to be canceled. Trevor makes friends with the Trogs, a clique of outcasts, and a girl named Jenny, who later becomes Trevor's girlfriend. Towards the end of the film, the Trogs attempt a school shooting, using a shotgun and two handguns. Knowing of their plot and fearing for Jenny's safety, Trevor stops them. The film ends with Trevor performing the play, and it is indicated that the play was performed at the school despite parents' and community objections. The teacher that created the play tried many times to tell people what the play was really about. It turns out to be not how the title made it sound. There is no indication as to what happens to the Trogs."] ['Joe Bonham , a young American soldier hit by an artillery shell during World War I, lies in a hospital bed. He is a quadruple amputee who has also lost his eyes, ears, mouth and nose. He remains conscious and able to reason, however, rendering him a prisoner in his own body. As he drifts between reality and fantasy, he remembers his old life with his family and girlfriend . He also forms a bond, of sorts, with a young nurse  who senses his plight. At the end of the film, Joe tries to communicate to his doctors, via Morse code, and wishes for the Army to either put him in a glass coffin in a freak show as a demonstration of the horrors of war, or kill him. In the end, however, he realizes that the Army will grant neither wish, and will leave him in a state of living death. In the film\'s climax, his nurse attempts to euthanize him by clamping his breathing tube, but her supervisor stops her before Joe can succumb. This does not occur in the novel. The film ends with Joe weakly chanting "S.O.S. Help me."'] ['Mario is a retired English teacher from the Bolivian countryside. Leaving his career, his home, his town and his past, he sets out to follow his dream of seeing the United States. Mario hopes to become a part of the American dream; America to him is opportunity, and stability, a place to escape from his old life and reunite with his now adult son. Mario arrives in La Paz in order to secure a travel visa for the US. Once there, he meets and befriends Blanca, an exotic dancer at the local strip club. The two share an immediate attraction despite their vastly different dreams and they quickly fall into a promising relationship. But Mario is a diligent man, and he is willing to revert to any measure possible to obtain that one thing which he wants most: a life in the United States.'] ['The film opens with Tom Joad , released from prison and hitchhiking his way back to his parents\' family farm in Oklahoma. Tom finds an itinerant ex-preacher named Jim Casy  sitting under a tree by the side of the road. Casy was the preacher who baptized Tom, but now Casy has "lost the spirit" and his faith . Casy goes with Tom to the Joad property only to find it deserted. There, they meet Muley  who is hiding out. In a flashback, he describes how farmers all over the area were forced from their farms by the deed holders of the land. A local boy , hired for the purpose, is shown knocking down Muley\'s house with a Caterpillar tractor. Following this, Tom and Casy move on to find the Joad family at Tom\'s Uncle John\'s place. His family is happy to see Tom and explain they have made plans to head for California in search of employment, as their farm has been foreclosed by the bank. The large Joad family of twelve leaves at daybreak, along with Casy who decides to come. They pack everything into a dilapidated 1926 Hudson "Super Six" sedan adapted to serve as a truck in order to make the long journey to the promised land of California.  The trip along Highway 66 is arduous, and it soon takes a toll on the Joad family. The elderly Grandpa  dies along the way. After he dies, they pull over to the shoulder of the road, unload him, and bury him. Tom writes the circumstances surrounding the death on a page from the Family Bible and places it on the body so that if his remains were found, his death would not be investigated as a possible homicide. They park in a camp and meet a man, a migrant returning from California, who laughs at Pa\'s optimism about conditions in California. He speaks bitterly about his experiences in the West. The family arrives at the first transient migrant campground for workers and finds the camp is crowded with other starving, jobless and desperate travelers. Their truck slowly makes its way through the dirt road between the shanty houses and around the camp\'s hungry-faced inhabitants. Tom says, "Sure don\'t look none too prosperous." After some trouble with a so-called "agitator," the Joads leave the camp in a hurry. The Joads make their way to another migrant camp, the Keene Ranch. After doing some work in the fields, they discover the high food prices in the company store for meat and other products. The store is the only one in the area, by a long shot. Later they find a group of migrant workers are striking, and Tom wants to find out all about it. He goes to a secret meeting in the dark woods. When the meeting is discovered, Casy is killed by one of the camp guards. As Tom tries to defend Casy from the attack, he inadvertently kills the guard. Tom suffers a serious wound on his cheek, and the camp guards realize it won\'t be difficult to identify him. That evening the family hides Tom under the mattresses of the truck just as guards arrive to question them; they are searching for the man who killed the guard. Tom avoids being spotted and the family leaves the Keene Ranch without further incident. After driving for a while, they have to stop at the top of a hill when the engine overheats due to a broken fan belt; they have little gas, but decide to try coasting down the hill to some lights. The lights are from a third type of camp: Farmworkers\' Wheat Patch Camp , a clean camp run by the Department of Agriculture, complete with indoor toilets and showers, which the Joad children had never seen before. Tom is moved to work for change by what he has witnessed in the various camps. He tells his family that he plans to carry on Casy\'s mission in the world by fighting for social reform. He leaves to seek a new world and to join the movement committed to social justice. Tom Joad says: I\'ll be all around in the dark. I\'ll be everywhere. Wherever you can look, wherever there\'s a fight, so hungry people can eat, I\'ll be there. Wherever there\'s a cop beatin\' up a guy, I\'ll be there. I\'ll be in the way guys yell when they\'re mad. I\'ll be in the way kids laugh when they\'re hungry and they know supper\'s ready, and when the people are eatin\' the stuff they raise and livin\' in the houses they build, I\'ll be there, too. As the family moves on again, they discuss the fear and difficulties they have had. Ma Joad concludes the film, saying: I ain\'t never gonna be scared no more. I was, though. For a while it looked as though we was beat. Good and beat. Looked like we didn\'t have nobody in the whole wide world but enemies. Like nobody was friendly no more. Made me feel kinda bad and scared too, like we was lost and nobody cared.... Rich fellas come up and they die, and their kids ain\'t no good and they die out, but we keep on coming. We\'re the people that live. They can\'t wipe us out, they can\'t lick us. We\'ll go on forever, Pa, cos we\'re the people.   The first part of the film version follows the book fairly accurately. However, the second half and the ending in particular are significantly different from the book. While the book ends with the downfall and break-up of the Joad family, the film switches the order of sequences so that the family ends up in a &#34;good&#34; camp provided by the government, and events turn out relatively well.{{citation needed}} In the novel Rose-of-Sharon  Rivers  gives birth to a stillborn baby. Later she offers her milk-filled breasts to a starving man, dying in a barn. These scenes were not included in the film. While the film is somewhat stark, it has a more optimistic and hopeful view than the novel, especially when the Joads land at the Department of Agriculture camp – the clean camp.{{citation needed}}Steinbeck, John. The Grapes of Wrath, 1939. Penguin Classics; Reissue edition October 1, 1992. Ivy and Sairy Wilson, who attend to Grandpa&#39;s death and travel with the Joads until they reach California, are left out of the movie. Noah&#39;s departure from the family is passed over in the movie. In the book, Floyd tells Tom about how the workers were being exploited, but in the movie he does not appear until after the deputy arrives in Hooverville. Sandry, the religious fanatic who scares Rose of Sharon, is left out of the movie. Vivian Sobchack argued that the film uses visual imagery to focus on the Joads as a family unit, whereas the novel focuses on their journey as a part of the &#34;family of man&#34;. She points out that their farm is never shown in detail, and that the family members are never shown working in agriculture; not a single peach is shown in the entire film. This subtly serves to focus the film on the specific family, as opposed to the novel&#39;s focus on man and land together.{{cite journal}}'] ["Johnny Williams  is a working painter and moonlighting want-to-be poet who is trying to keep up with life in the contemporary ghetto. Though he is trying to provide for his ill wife and almost stable family, times are hard. This film follows Johnny's struggle and a few who try to help, including his friend Dudley . The sound track is by WAR , including the song River Niger"] ['Chuck Murdock, a 12-year-old boy from Montana and son of a military jet pilot, becomes anxious after seeing a Minuteman missile on a school field trip. He protests the existence of nuclear weapons by refusing to play baseball, which results in the forfeit of a Little League game by his team. "Amazing Grace" Smith, a fictional Boston Celtics player, played by NBA star Alex English, decides to join the boy in his protest by resigning from professional basketball. This gives it nationwide coverage, inspiring more pro athletes to join the protest against nuclear weapons. The film reaches a climax when the President of the United States personally meets with Chuck, admiring his resolve but at the same time explaining the practical difficulties of disarmament. Sinister forces, meanwhile, threaten the lives of Amazing Grace and his agent, Lynn.'] ["Bruno, 20, and Sonia, 18, are surviving on her welfare checks and Bruno's petty crimes when Sonia becomes pregnant. Bruno sells their baby to a black market adoption ring to make some quick cash. Faced with Sonia's shock, he regrets his mistake and buys the child back at a premium -- but, after being turned away by Sonia, his mounting debts and desperation lead Bruno down a quick path to prison."] ['Retired court painter Shin Han-Pyong seeks to settle an old score with the most sought after painter of that time, Kim Hong-Do . Shin raises his son to surpass Kim Hong-Do, but his son commits suicide over his lack of talent. The father then pushes his daughter Yun-Jeong to disguise herself as her brother and enter the world of court painters. Now the grown-up Yun-jeong , better known as "Hyewon" - the pen name of Shin Yun-Bok, finally enters the court and learns to paint under the guidance of Kim Hong-Do, who is trusted by King Jung-Jo. Kim Hong-Do quickly notices Yun-bok\'s huge potential as well as his girlish features. Things remain normal until Yun-bok goes out and comes across a playful seller of mirrors, Kang-Mu . When their romantic adventure takes off, it is Kim Hong-Do who ends up heartbroken. Kim\'s jealousy, and his desire to own Yun-Bok physically and emotionally, soars to a perilous level. Shin Yun-bok, better known by the pen name Hyewon, is a real figure who produced a host of thematically provocative and artistically excellent paintings in the 18th century. However, not one record of the painter still exists. A story about a genius painter who loved his patron’s lover and then lost everything, only to leave a miindo of the lady.'] ["The film features several different storylines, all of which intersect periodically throughout the film. The film's opening scene features a brief encounter with four of the main characters: Anne Laurent  is an actress working in Paris, and she walks briefly with her boyfriend's younger brother Jean. After they part, Jean throws a piece of garbage at Maria, a homeless woman sitting on the side of the road. Amadou, the child of Malian immigrants, witnesses this and confronts Jean. The two fight, and eventually Amadou and Maria are both taken to a police station for questioning. Amadou is released presumably shortly after, though we learn that he was held, beaten and shamed, but Maria is deported to her native Romania and she reconnects with her family there."] ['In a village of xaréu  fishermen, whose ancestors came as slaves from Africa, persist old mystic cults connected to candomblé. The arrival of Firmino, a former inhabitant who moved to Salvador, running away from poverty, transforms the peaceable panorama of the place, and polarizes tensions. Firmino is attracted to Quota, but he is not able to forget Naína who, on her part, likes Aruã. Firmino orders dispatch against Aruã, that isn’t attained, in opposite to the village that sees the cut net, impeding the fishing. Firmino stirs up the fishermen to revolt against the owner of the net, coming to destroy it. Policemen arrive at the village to control the equipment. In his fight against exploitation, Firmino argues against the master, mediator between the fishermen and the owner of the net. A fisherman convinces Aruã of fishing without the net, since his chastity would make him a protected man of Iemanjá. The fishermen are successful in their piecework, under the leadership of Aruã. Naína reveals her impossible love for Aruã to an old black woman. In his defeat against mysticism, Firmino convinces Quota of taking away Aruã’s virginity, and consequently breaking the religious enchantment that makes him a protected man of Iemanjá. Aruã takes the bait. A storm announces the “barravento”, the violent moment. The fishermen leave for the sea, two of them die, Vicente and Chico. Firmino denounces Aruã’s loss of chastity. The Master reneges. The dead bodies are guarded, and Naína accepts to make the ritual, so she can marry Aruã. He promises the marriage, but before he decides to leave for the city to work and to earn money for the purchase of a new net. In the same place where Firmino arrived at the village, Aruã leaves for the city.'] ['Paradise Now follows Palestinian childhood friends Said and Khaled who live in Nablus and have been recruited for suicide attacks in Tel Aviv. It focuses on what would be their last days together. Their handlers from an unidentified "resistance group" tell them the attack will take place the next day. The pair record videos glorifying Allah and their cause, and bid their unknowing families and loved ones goodbye, while trying to behave normally to avoid arousing suspicion. The next day, they shave off their hair and beards and don suits in order to look like Israelis. Their cover story is that they are going to a wedding. An explosive belt is attached to each man; the handlers are the only ones with the keys needed to remove the belts without detonating them. The men are instructed to detonate the bombs at the same place, a military check point in Israel, with a time interval of 15 minutes so that the second bomb will kill police arriving after the first blast. They cross the Israeli border, but have to flee from guards. Khaled returns to their handlers, who have fled by the time Said arrives. The handlers remove Khaled\'s explosive belt and issue a search for Said. Khaled believes he is the best person to find Said since he knows him well, and he is given until the end of that day to find him. After Said escapes from the guards, he re-enters Israeli territory alone. At one point, he considers detonating the bomb on a commercial bus, but he decides not to when he sees a child on board. Eventually, Said reveals his reason for taking part in the suicide bombing. While in a car with Suha, a woman he has fallen in love with &mdash; who plays the role of the doubter or the men\'s conscience &mdash; he explains that his father was an ameel , who was executed for his actions. He blames the Israelis for taking advantage of his father\'s weakness. Khaled eventually finds Said, who is still wearing the belt and about to detonate it while lying on his father\'s grave. They return to the handlers, and Said convinces them that the attack need not be canceled, because he is ready for it. They both travel to Tel Aviv. Influenced by Suha, who discovered their plan, Khaled cancels his suicide attack. Khaled tries to convince Said to back off as well. However Said manages to shake Khaled by pretending to agree. The film ends with a long shot of Said sitting on a bus carrying Israeli civilians and soldiers, slowly zooming in on his eyes, and then suddenly cuts to white. It is left open to the viewers\' interpretation to determine whether or not Said detonated the bomb.'] ['The movie starts with a narrator, Captain Roberto Nascimento , and he briefly explains how the police and the drug lords of Rio cooperate with each other . In medias res, Major Oliveira , a police officer of Rio de Janeiro and his collegaues are shown driving through Morro da Babilônia towards a baile funk to collect the bribe. Nascimento and his other colleagues are also shown in their armored car. Meanwhile, novice police officers André Matias  and Neto Gouveia  are shown riding a motorcycle at the same favela, though not with the other officers, and with Neto armed with a sniper. Once they make it to a vantage point, Neto uses a sniper rifle to check on the police team as they stop near the party and talk to some traffic officers. Neto shoots one of them and provokes a deadly gunfight between police and thugs, both sides unaware of where the bullet came from. Nascimento leads his colleagues from BOPE, Rio Special Police Department, heading to the shootout to interfere and save the officers. Six months earlier, showing Nascimento and his wife Rosane  during her pregnancy of his first child. Realizing it will not be possible to be such an absent father when his child is born, Nascimento decides to search for a successor for his role as a captain. This coincides with an operation he will have to lead in Morro dos Prazeres in order to secure the location so that Pope John Paul II can spend the night at an Archbishop\'s home, located near the slum buildings and favelas. The operation will require daily trips into the favela filled with heavily armed drug lords, and Nascimento is initially against it, but is forced by his superiors to accept it, due to Pope\'s regards and requirements. Meanwhile, Neto\'s and Matias\' debut as police officers take place. Both are honest officers and try to stay out of corruption, but are soon disillusioned by their corrupt superiors. While Neto starts at the police auto mechanic shop as a supervisor, being in charge of fixing run-down police cars and bikes but with no education about cars, Matias is responsible of listening to the police radios and registering every complaint in his small archive office. Both share a small apartment in Rio and are long-time friends and flatmates. Besides working at the local police, Matias is a Law student at "the best Law university of Rio", according to Nascimento, where his classmates are shown as "young and spoiled" kids that tend to see the police as a repressive unit. He soon befriends Roberta , Edu  and Maria  . All three work at a NGO that takes care of poor children from a local favela. Roberta dates Rodrigues, who helps Maria administrate the organization, besides representing a senator who sponsors the NGO. Edu also works for Baiano , the local dealer, by selling marijuana at his university. All of them are unaware of Matias\'s position as a officer. Neto is soon bored of working at the mechanic, becoming stressed but fails to be transferred to another department. By riding with his superior Captain Fabio , he learns about corruption schemes adopted by police officers – commonly, small establishments owners pay periodic bribes to the police to have their presence in front of their places, so they are safer. Another scheme, learned by Matias, is the relocation of dead bodies to other battalion\'s areas, so that one\'s criminal statistics will artificially decrease and leave less work to the department charged to the battalion. It is also implied that private tow-trucks are in orders of several superiors to collect money. Willing to raise some money to fix many police cars at once, Neto build a plan to steal the bribe Oliveira collects periodically from the drug lords and asks Matias and Fabio to help them. Fabio declines the offer, since he will not have a share. The duo succeeds in stealing the money, but Oliveira is unhappy with the events and wants a payback. However, he thinks Matias and Neto were only following orders from Fabio. By dragging the latter to the baile funk shown at the beginning of the movie, he plans to have him killed there for fooling him, but Neto and Matias follow the police car and shoot a drug soldier from a vantage point, starting a deadly gunfight. Fabio escapes from his colleagues and shoots them from behind a bar. It is shown that at the time of the gunfight, Nascimento and his BOPE colleagues were at another favela torturing a suspected criminal to get information of the whereabouts of the body of another young suspected criminal Nascimento captured but released during a previous incursion to that slum. The kid ended up being killed by his superiors, for they do not forgive informants, and his mother visited Nascimento at the police station to claim the missing body. Nascimento thinks of his upcoming child and decides to go after the body, but is called to solve the situation at Babilônia. After cruising into the favela, killing the criminals and rescuing the trapped officers, Nascimento meets Matias and Neto, who are informed of the preparation course they can apply for to ingress at BOPE. Both decide to give it a try to escape from the corrupted officers. Fabio goes with them, seeing an opportunity to be distant from Oliveira. Meanwhile, Nascimento\'s son, called Rafael, is born, forcing him to find a replacement for his role as a captain. Just when the course is about to start, Maria manages to bookmark a job interview for Matias. Just after she puts the phone away, her friends from the NGO and Baiano get into the office with a newspaper featuring a picture of Matias and Neto carrying a dead drug lord\'s body. Enraged by the fact that Maria was bringing a police officer into the slum  and that the dead drug lord was his friend, Baiano threatens her and her friends. The course of BOPE proves to be quite a tough challenge for all officers that enrolled. In the first part of the program, students are trained under extreme pressure and physical punishments, "to eliminate the weak and, mainly, the corrupt", as Nascimento explains, until their spirit is broken or they manage to hold up. It starts with the BOPE members cursing and swearing the officers, and forcing them to quit. Several quit, but others move on. It also starts with the next strategy class, and the survival skills . In this region, Fabio gets feet fungus and quits with another candidates, forcing him to build his own grave and carve a stone with his name on it . The second part of the training program begins, and the eight remaining candidates are taught how to shoot, move and invade a favela efficiently and safely. Soon, they are brought into the operation Nascimento was leading to guarantee the safety of the Pope. Matias, still rejected by his friends, confronts Edu and orders him to arrange him a meeting with Romerito, a boy he met at the NGO. The kid has eyesight problems and needs glasses, which Matias had bought. Since it is a suicide mission to get into the slum now that\'s everyone\'s aware of his job, Matias blackmails Edu to arrange the meeting at the base of the slum, or he will arrest him for selling drugs. However, Neto informs Matias that his job interview is placed for tomorrow and that he confirmed it. Neto offers himself to go in his place while Matias goes to the interview. Later, Edu reveals the plan to Baiano, and the drug lord decides to take the officer down so that he will not disturb his sells at the university. Once Neto reaches the base of the slum, he is trapped by several thugs inside a bar, where Baiano shoots him in the back. Before finishing him, Baiano checks on his near-dead body, and finds a tattoo on his arm, with two knives and a skull in the middle  and realizes that he is from BOPE. Knowing that killing an officer from such department is like "signing his own death sentence", as Nascimento says, he decides to hide. He also takes Roberta and Rodrigues to the local hill, where he shoots Roberta in the head and necklaces Rodrigues as the punishment for having brought a police officer to his slum. Neto dies soon afterwards at the hospital, and Maria arrives, apologizing Mathias, but he rejects her for working with criminals and drug dealers. Seeking revenge, Matias, Nascimento and their fellow BOPE officers start making daily incursions into Baiano\'s slum to torture people linked to the drug dealer and force them to reveal wherever he is hiding. Amidst these days, after finding out that it was Edu who told Baiano about Matias\' meeting with Romerito, the officer interrupts a peace walk and beats Edu up for indirectly killing his best friend, and Maria tries to stop him and assaults him, but he yells at her that she is a whore and a heavy smoker, and to the others as well. Finally, the officers get to a boy who, after being tortured, reveals the exact location of Baiano. A sniper kills his bodyguard, forcing Baiano to escape. Seeing him running on the roof, Nascimento shoots him, though not fatally. Nascimento steps on Baiano and tells him that he is about to die, but Baiano asks the captain not to shoot him in the face, in order "not to ruin the wake". Nascimento then walks away and grabs a shotgun. He gives it to Matias, saying "do it, he is yours", narrating that he already killed Baiano, but wanted Matias to kill him as a revenge, and to know he is going to be his successor. Matias points the gun to Baiano\'s face, and the screen whites out, with a gunshot heard.'] ["The film revolves around Bartek Wilkosz, a student keen to exploit the academic system through plagiarism and anxious to grab a buck  however he can. After seeing a suspicious man on a train, Bartek follows him across Poland. Once the man's identity is discovered, the lives of several people are altered.onet.pl"] ['Inspired by a true story, this made-for-cable drama is set in 1965, not long after passage of the Civil Rights Act. To the African-American citizens of Bogalusa, LA, however, it is "business as usual"; they are still treated like third-class citizens, their fundamental rights as human beings persistently trampled by the white power structure, in general, and the local branch of the KKK, in particular. Like many of the local black men, war veteran Marcus  works in the town\'s mill for meager wages, and must endure the ongoing humiliation meted out by his white supervisors. But when he is beaten up by the police for the "outrage" of trying to defend his own daughter, Marcus is pushed too far. Encouraged by an idealistic white Northerner , Marcus organizes the Deacons, an all-black defense group dedicated to patrolling the black section of town and protecting its residents from the more violent aspects of "white backlash." Telecast during Black History Month, Deacons for Defense first aired over the Showtime cable network on February 16, 2003. ~ Hal Erickson, All Movie Guide'] ["Frank Diaz , an unemployed boxer, and his family have been living in a homeless shelter for months when, finally, on Christmas Eve, comes word that an apartment may be available. However seeing that he doesn't hold a job on paper the social worker tells him it's not possible for him to get the apartment. Frank at his ends tells a story about his time in the army during the first Gulf War. This story causes the social worker to give Frank a chance to get the apartment. The catch is that Frank must have a job before the end of the day. So Frank hits the cold streets of New York, his resentful stepson  in tow, to somehow find a job so that his family can have a real home for Christmas morning. They search all over town in hopes of a job. In their search they grow closer together while also learning secrets about each other. On his first stop in search for a job he goes to a construction contractor he's worked for 'off the books' but is denied a booked job. Throughout the movie you see the old man  looking for Frank Diaz to give him a letter. Frank's efforts to find a job by six o'clock prove impossible. At one point he does get a job painting a school, but is fired due to a criminal past. Further efforts prove futile and Frank, after being forced to shoplift to get new clothes, accidentally leaves the money he needs for the apartment behind and can't go back to get it or risk being arrested. Ultimately he runs out of time and takes his family out for dinner instead. His wife tries to get him to leave so she can sneak out without paying like she usually does, but he doesn't let her do it. At their homeless shelter, Frank spots the man who stole in his jacket earlier in the film and in a fit of anger and frustration, beats the man up and retrieves his jacket. While no charges are filed, Frank's actions get the family kicked out of the shelter and desperate, his wife calls her abusive ex for a place to stay, but the son, Justin, refuses to go with him, choosing to stay with Frank. This causes his wife to change her mind as well. After checking another shelter and finding it full, the family heads for Brooklyn on a subway train to try a shelter there and play a game that they played before they became homeless. Music plays out as the fate of Frank and his family remain unknown to us. Yet his loss of the apartment stills gives a glib outcome for a family hit hard of poverty.http://www.fandango.com/wheregodlefthisshoes_120158/movieoverview/"] ["Handguns figure in the intertwining lives of nine people. Warren  shoots his wife Helen's  lover and his defense is that he thought he was shooting an intruder. She leaves him; and her lawyer  helps her get a job with a nutty, reclusive computer wizard  who waves a pistol about, sometimes at Helen. Tennel , the computer geek's ex-assistant, lands a video-store job and is smitten by Annabel Lee , an aggressive street kid who likes complaining about men to her pistol-packing psychotic brother  to set him off. In secret, Annabel starts an affair with the lawyer, but things are complicated when the lawyer's gay lover  finds out. Meanwhile a cop  stays on Warren's tail."] ["While returning to Madrid after an ilicit tryst, a wealthy socialite housewife and a university professor accidentally strike a bicyclist with their car. Although they see that he is still alive after the accident, they know they cannot summon help for him without their affair being revealed. They drive away and leave him to die. After the bicyclist's death is reported in the newspaper, the pair deal with ever-rising tension, borne from their fear that their deeds will be exposed."] ["{{plot}} Jonathan Wamback starts his daily jog through the streets of his suburban neighbourhood. During his run he catches the eye of Courtney Henderson. Shortly after, Jonathan and his best friend Tyler start their first day of high school, where Jonathan notices Courtney again. As the boys are waiting to register, four members of a high school gang, Kyle Simpson, Donald Brooks, Trevor Smith, and Ben Luekens make a noisy entrance. They waste no time ganging up on a small grade nine student, mocking and bullying him. Jonathan steps in to intervene and quickly makes an enemy of gang leader Kyle. Intrigued by Jonathan's moxy, tough girl Courtney leads him away, both delighting Jon and angering Kyle. Returning home from a workout, Lozanne Wamback, Jonathan's mom, encounters the gang members lighting cherry bombs in the park and harassing some small children. Angered she follows Kyle home and attempts to speak to his mother about his behaviour. But Nora Simpson refuses to believe Lozanne and brushes her off. Lozanne tells Joe and Jon about the incident, but Joe is too busy to listen and dismisses her concerns, saying she's taking it too seriously. The gang members use the basement of the Simpson house as a meeting place where it becomes clear that Kyle's mother Nora is in a state of denial about her son, not being appropriate as of the age he is. While he and the gang members get high and listen to gangster rap music in the basement, Nora is oblivious to what her son is up to. At school, Jon intervenes again as the gang members harass a younger student. Afterward, he's approached by Gord Nelson and Jeff Walters, two cool guys who profess to be committed to standing up to Kyle's gang. They come across a Skulls tag  spray-painted on a warehouse wall. Jon impresses them when he climbs up and spray-paints over it, turning it into a sword . They notify him that by doing so he's effectively declared war on the Skulls. At a school dance the gang converges on Jon, suckering him into pushing Kyle to the ground. Kyle complains loudly to a pay duty cop monitoring the dance. The policeman refuses to listen to Jon's protests that the gang started the fight. He's put into the cruiser and taken home in disgrace. Jon is frustrated as his parents refuse to listen to his side of the story. To make matters worse, at school Jon is now a marked man. The Skulls follow him into the school washroom where they rough him up and rip his shirt. Just as they're about to attack him Gord and Jeff break in on the scene. With the odds evened-up the Skulls take off leaving Jon with a final threat. Outside the washroom Jon is stunned to see Courtney with Kyle - for the first time he realizes they're a couple. At home Jon still finds no understanding from his parents. His father sees only a torn shirt in the garbage and not the reason the shirt got torn. The two have words. Angry and disappointed, Jon escapes to his bedroom where Courtney phones him and invites him to meet her at the park. Happy at the prospect of clearing things up with Courtney Jon agrees to meet her. But he walks into a trap. Courtney's call was a ruse to lure him to the secluded park where the gang is waiting for him. To make things worse Gord has painted racist remarks over a Skrulls tag in the park washroom and the gang jumps to the conclusion that it was done by Jon. They close in on him and he is hit and knocked down. Jon manages to escape and runs down the street and between two houses, only to find himself trapped by a fence. The gang closes in and begin a frenzied attack on Jon. He is kicked in the body and head again and again. Finally a frightened Trevor urges them to stop and Jon somehow manages to stumble home. Returning from work Jon's parents find him semi-conscious on the couch and call the ambulance. Forward several hours: Jon has undergone brain surgery and Joe and Lozanne try to make sense of the tragedy that has befallen them. The medical staff explains Jon's condition to them and as Joe starts to realize the severity of Jon's injuries he runs from the building in a fit of rage and helplessness. Notices looking for information about Jon's attempted murder are posted around the neighbourhood and eventually Kyle is taken into police custody. Nora can't accept Kyle's involvement in the horrific attack and is belligerent and defensive. She insists that he wasn't involved, complaining of police brutality and threatening to sue. At the hospital Joe is incensed when the police inform him that they won't tell him the identities of the boys who attacked Jon. A nurse tells Lozanne that she must learn how to maintain Jon's tracheotomy tube. When Lozanne tries to get Joe to come and listen he brushes her off and a scene ensues as she tries to make him understand that the only thing they should be worrying about is Jonathan's condition. In the courthouse the judge lets the cocky, unremorseful boys out on bail pending a trial and sets a curfew for them. When a reporter approaches Joe, he rages against the fact that Jon is on life support and his attackers are still free. The Crown Attorney warns him that the Young Offenders Act prohibits him from talking to the press. Although Jon is still in a coma, Lozanne and Joe are thrilled when he starts to breathe by himself. But now they must face the realities of Jon's condition - that his muscles will atrophy, that he must be medicated to maintain his body temperature, that he must learn to speak again. Lozanne and Joe establish a routine of daily care - participating in his physical therapy, washing and tending his broken body, talking to him even though he doesn't appear to hear. Their love for Jonathan and complete dedication to helping him recuperate slowly starts to heal their fragile relationship. As Jon slowly starts to emerge from his coma, Joe lobbies to have the Young Offenders Act rewritten to impose harsher penalties for violent crime. The gang's defence lawyers start to portray Jon as a racist vigilante who provoked the gang members by writing racist slurs. Incensed, Joe has trouble keeping his emotions in check when dealing with the media and is warned by his lawyer to cool it. Gord continues to hide the fact that it was he who wrote the slurs, not Jon. Now out of his coma, Jon starts the painful physical therapy necessary to recuperate. Lozanne, Joe, Toby, and other friends of the family spend hours at the hospital helping him on the long, slow road to recovery. Finally the day comes when Jon can return home. Now Jon has a whole new set of obstacles to overcome - from climbing the stairs to receiving anonymous hate mail. The judgment comes down on the trial - Trevor is freed, but Kyle and Ice Man are found guilty. Due to a prior conviction, Ice Man is remanded into closed custody but Kyle is allowed to go free on bail. However, the victory is a hollow one for the Wambacks; the media still infers that Jon wrote the racist graffiti and he is still haunted by memories of the attack. Gord finally visits Jon for the first time since the attack and the truth emerges that he wrote the slur that was used as the excuse for the beating. Finally, Jon decides to return to school to prove that despite everything, he's no longer a victim. Upon his arrival Kyle and other students are shocked at the reality of the physical damage inflicted upon Jon."] [" The 1952 segment deals with Claire Donnelly , a widowed nurse living in suburban Chicago, who becomes pregnant by her brother-in-law and decides to undergo abortion in order not to hurt her late husband's family. However, abortion at the time is strictly illegal. Donnelly eventually finds another nurse  who provides her the name of a woman who can find her someone who will perform the abortion. After a clandestine procedure she finally manages to abort but dies shortly afterwards due to hemorrhage.  The 1974 segment deals with Barbara Barrows , a struggling and aging mother with four children and a policeman husband who works the night shift, who discovers she must welcome another addition to the family, despite having recently gone back to college. She considers abortion with the support of her teenage daughter  but ultimately chooses to keep the child.  The 1996 segment deals with Christine Cullen , a college student who got pregnant by a married professor, decides on an abortion when he breaks up with her and only offers her money. She is operated on by Dr. Beth Thompson . However, the abortion takes place during a violent protest, and an abortion protester  walks in on the operation and shoots Dr. Thompson."] ["The film portrays the hopelessness of the middle-class, educated, urban youth in modern India. After making numerous unsuccessful attempts to find a job Somnath , the central protagonist , finally decides to start his own business as a middle-man - i.e. someone who supplies an order in exchange for a fixed commission. In spite of his ambition, he soon however finds himself involved in petty dealings, which appear unsatisfactory to him. His friend Sukumar, having gone through similar ordeals but finally being unable to land a job, becomes a taxi-driver. One day, Somnath finds that in order to land a big order, he must appease a client by supplying him with a prostitute. Despite his tremendous hesitation and after trying several brothels, Somnath finds a girl for the purpose. However, she turns out to be his friend Sukumar's younger sister. Embarrassed and at a complete loss, Somnath offers her money and requests her to leave, but the girl refuses. Her purpose is to earn money, not beg, she tells him. Somnath delivers her to his client and lands the contract but suffers internally."] ['Norma Rae Webster is a minimum-wage worker in a cotton mill that has taken too much of a toll on the health of her family for her to ignore her Dickensian working conditions. After hearing a speech by New York union organizer Reuben Warshowsky, Norma Rae decides to join the effort to unionize her shop. This causes conflict at home when Norma Rae\'s husband Sonny says she\'s not spending enough time in the home. Despite the pressure brought to bear by management, when confronted, Norma Rae takes a piece of cardboard, writes the word "UNION", stands on her worktable, and slowly turns to show the sign around the room. One by one, other workers stop their mill machines, and eventually, the entire room becomes silent, after all machines have been switched off. Norma Rae then successfully orchestrates an election to unionize the factory, resulting in victory for the union. The story is based on Crystal Lee Sutton\'s life as a textile worker in Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina, where the battle for the workers union took place against a J.P Stevens Textile mill. Her actual protest, in the mill, is the scene in the film where she writes the sign "UNION" and stands on her worktable until all machines are silent. Although Sutton was fired from her job, the mill became unionized, and she later went to work as an organizer for the textile union.'] ['Daniel Balint is a former Jewish yeshiva student, brilliant but troublesome, who is now a fanatically violent Neo-Nazi in New York in his early 20\'s. As a child he often challenged his teachers with unorthodox interpretations of scripture. He once argued that the Binding of Isaac was not about Abraham\'s faith but God\'s power: that God did not want Isaac to accomplish a particular task but instead asks unquestioning obedience, which Daniel refuses to give. He concluded that God is a bully. Daniel finds a meeting of fascists run by Curtis Zampf and Lina Moebius, where he also makes a connection with Lina\'s daughter Carla. Daniel advocates killing Jews, and a banker named Manzetti in particular, but Curtis and Lina oppose harming Jews on practical if not moral grounds. However, Lina is impressed with Daniel\'s intelligence and invites him to their camp retreat in the country. Afterwards, Daniel and his fellow skinheads pick a fight with two African-American men, get arrested, then bailed out of jail by Carla. He spends the night with her but returns to the home of his ailing father, where he goes through some of his Hebrew school notebooks and finds his old semiautomatic pistol. He is harangued by his sister Linda for his Nazi beliefs, but she also urges him to stay and have Shabbat dinner with his father. The men watch television, which is forbidden, leading them to commiserate on the incomprehensibility of Jewish law. Guy Danielsen, a journalist writing an article on right-wing groups in the wake of the Oklahoma City Bombing, meets Daniel for an interview. He listens to Daniel\'s antisemitic rant, then reveals that he had been in contact with Daniel\'s old rabbi Stanley Nadelman and knows that Daniel is Jewish. Daniel pulls out his pistol and threatens to commit suicide if Guy publishes the truth. Daniel goes Lina\'s fascist camp retreat, where he meets an explosives expert, and Drake, a skilled marksman. Then six of them go to a Jewish deli where they mock the other patrons and torment the owner about Jewish dietary laws until a fight breaks out. This time Daniel and his friends are forced to take sensitivity training, where they listen to the experiences of Holocaust survivors. One talks about how his infant son was murdered by a Nazi. Daniel is enraged that the man did nothing to save his son, but all the survivors assert that Daniel would also have done nothing to avoid being killed, and he walks out in anger. The story will haunt him, and he replays it picturing himself as both the Nazi and the Jew. Later that night, Daniel and the other skinheads break into a synagogue, vandalize it, and plant a bomb under the pulpit. They also tear and spit on a Torah scroll, though Daniel tries to stop them. After they leave, Daniel takes the scroll and a tallit with him. The next morning, the skinheads hear on the news that the bomb failed to go off because the timer froze at thirteen minutes, which the rabbi explains is a mystical number in Judaism, believing this means that God protected the synagogue. Back in his cabin, Daniel cleans and repairs the scroll, envisioning himself as the Nazi soldier in the Holocaust survivor\'s story. He puts on the tallit under his shirt and performs a combination of the Nazi salute and Jewish prayers. Drake soon approaches him with a plan to kill Manzetti, so the two ambush him outside a temple, where Daniel fires but misses. Drake sees the tallit under Daniel\'s shirt and realizes that he is a Jew, so Daniel shoots him and escapes. He still meets with Lina and Curtis, who want to start an above-ground movement to bring fascism into the political mainstream, inviting Jews, blacks, and liberals, and Daniel reluctantly agrees to help them raise funds. At the meetings that follow Daniel first charms then enrages their potential donors with his intellectual games, leading to his eventual expulsion. When the group hears that Manzetti was killed Lina suspects Daniel, since he proposed the assassination himself, although Drake is the real killer. In the meantime Carla comforts him and the two sleep together at Daniel\'s home, where she sees the stolen Torah and asks Daniel to teach her Hebrew, ostensibly for intellectual reasons, and they begin practicing Jewish rituals. He soon runs into an old friend and his fiancee, Stuart and Miriam, who invite him to a Rosh Hashanah service, assuming that he is an anti-racist skinhead. When Daniel arrives another old friend calls him out as a racist skinhead, and as he is leaving, Miriam, who works for the District Attorney, tells him that half of the people in Lina Moebius\' meetings are informants for the D.A. Later she offers to shield Daniel if he will wear a wire and try to get Lina to say something incriminating on tape, but he refuses. As Yom Kippur approaches, Daniel calls Miriam and insists on taking Stuart\'s place at the pulpit on Yom Kippur. He and his friends plant a new bomb under the temple\'s pulpit even though they find it reinforced, limiting the explosion. When Daniel takes the pulpit the next day he is shocked to see Carla in the congregation as he leads them in prayer. He again imagines himself in the story the Holocaust survivor told him, this time as both the Nazi and the Jew. Daniel stops and tells to everyone to get out because there is a bomb, but refuses to leave himself, and dies in the explosion. Daniel appears in the afterlife, ascending the stairs in the Jewish school he left as a child. His old teacher approaches, hoping to talk about the Binding of Isaac, and suggests that Isaac died on the mountain and was reborn in the next world. But Daniel ignores him and keeps going, up, and up, infinitely, as his teacher urges him to stop, calling out, "There\'s nothing up there."'] ['It was 1920 in the southwest West Virginia coal fields, and, as the narrator recalls, "things were tough." In response to efforts by miners to organize into a labor union, the Stone Mountain Coal Company announces it will cut the pay miners receive, and will be importing replacement workers into town to replace those who join the union. The new workers are African Americans from Alabama and are coming in on the train, but the train is stopped outside town and the black men are told to get off. Derided as "scabs", they are then attacked by the local miners, but manage to get back on the train and continue their journey. Witnessing the attack is Joe Kenehan , a passenger on the train and an organizer for the United Mine Workers. He arrives in Matewan and takes up residence at a boarding house run by a coal miner\'s widow, Elma Radnor , and her 15-year-old son, Danny , who is also a miner and a budding Baptist preacher.  As Danny goes to preach that night at the Missionary church , Kenehan goes to meet the miners, who quiz him on his bona fides . Kenehan says he was once a member of the "Wobblies" and wins the tentative confidence of the men. One of the black miners, called Few Clothes, bravely comes to meet the union men and declares that while he can not help it if white people call him a "nigger", he takes vigorous exception to being called a "scab". Kenehan then explains to the local miners that accepting the blacks and the Italian miners is what the union is all about. If all the men are united and refuse to work, the company will not be able to operate, he says. Kenehan and the local leader, Sephus, then go around to meet the rest of the black miners as well as the contingent of Italians and try to bring them into the union, and are met with reluctance. But later, caught between the company\'s guns and the local miners, the blacks and the Italians throw down their coal shovels and take up the union cause. C. E. Lively, an agent provocateur for the coal company who has infiltrated the union, tries to goad the miners towards violence, which Kenehan says will only weaken their cause. The infiltrator also pens a note to the Baldwin–Felts Detective Agency, which provides armed agents as strike breakers to the coal company, saying there is a "Red" organizer in town. The next day, two Baldwin–Felts men, Hickey and Griggs, show up in town and take up residence at the Radnor boarding house. Danny at first refuses to give rooms to Hickey and Griggs, but Kenehan voluntarily moves to the hotel, freeing up a room for the two men and averting trouble for Mrs. Radnor. Hicky and Griggs then start their campaign against the union by forcibly evicting miners from company-owned houses in town. Mayor Testerman and Police Chief Sid Hatfield refuse to let them be evicted without eviction writs from Charleston. Hatfield deputizes all the men in town and tells them to go home and come back with their guns. The Baldwin–Felts men then turn their attention on the strikers\' camp outside town, where the miners and their families are living in tents. At night, the armed strikebreakers fire shots into the camp, injuring some strikers. The next day, they enter the camp to demand that all food and clothing purchased at the company store with scrip be turned over to them. But then some armed foothill people, whose land was taken by the coal company, enter the camp. Expressing disdain for the noise caused by the gunmen\'s automobile the night before, their presence and sympathy for the miners compels the Baldwin–Felts men to leave empty handed. One of the hill people was carrying a caplock rifle and when asked mockingly by a departing Baldwin–Felts agent if it was a relic from the Spanish–American War, he replied, "Nope, War Between the States". The slow arrival of the union\'s thinly stretched strike funds tests the patience of Danny and other miners who become disillusioned and turn to violence in spite of Kenehan\'s warnings. The miners are involved in a night-time shootout with the agents and Sephus is wounded. He is rescued by some hill people but not before he recognizes Lively as the infiltrator. Lively tries to drive a wedge between Kenehan and the miners by convincing a young widow, Bridey Mae Tolliver, to falsely accuse Kenehan of sexual assault, and he plants a letter which makes Kenehan appear to be the infiltrator. Danny Radnor overhears Hickey and Griggs talking about the scheme but is caught and held by the two men. The agents intend to keep a watchful eye on Danny, but become drunk and are not paying attention that night when Danny, while preaching at the Freewill church, relates a parable about Joseph that convinces the miners that they have been deceived by a false story. One of the miners hurries to find Few Clothes at the camp, who had drawn the short straw of who would kill Kenehan for his assumed treachery. Few Clothes tells Kenehan he is there to guard him when he comments on the gun the black miner has. Asked whether he knows how to use it, Few Clothes says yes, that he was in the Spanish–American War of 1898. Kenehan tells him that he was in Fort Leavenworth Military Penitentiary in 1917, and saw Mennonites imprisoned for refusing to bear arms passively resist having their beards shaved and rip the buttons off their prison clothes, since all these were against their religion. They were punished by being handcuffed to cell bars for eight hours per day, until the cuffs had cut into their wrists and caused gangrene. Despite it all, they ripped off re-sewn buttons with their teeth, not one giving up. Kenehan says he never saw braver men, and ironically they were in there for refusing to fight. This tale of bravery and injustice leaves Few Clothes conflicted and unsure about his mission to execute Kenehan. Another miner arrives and tells Few Clothes the truth and Kenehan\'s execution is called off just in time. Meanwhile, Sephus has made his way back to town and informed the others of Lively\'s betrayal, furiously burning down his restaurant. Lively flees town by swimming across the Tug Fork River. Later, Hillard Elkins, a young man and a friend of Danny\'s is kidnapped by the Baldwin–Felts agents. Elkins is tortured and promised freedom if he gives up the names of five union miners. After Elkins gives five names, one of the agents kills him anyway. Lively has rejoined the Baldwin–Felts agents and he recognizes the names as those of men who had died in a mine fire years earlier. The situation between the Baldwin–Felts men and Chief Hatfield reaches critical mass with the arrival of reinforcements with orders to carry out the evictions. The mayor tries to negotiate as Kenehan comes running to try and stop the fight. The sudden movement sets off a climactic gunfight between the exposed mercenaries and the armed townspeople firing from barricades and rooftops. Hatfield shoots two men and survives the battle, but Kenehan is killed and the mayor is shot in the stomach. Griggs is brought down, while Hickey escapes to Radnor\'s boarding house, where, he is shot and killed by Mrs. Radnor. Seven Baldwin–Felts men and two townspeople are ultimately killed. In the epilogue, the narrator , recounted that Mayor Testerman succumbed to his wounds and the mayor\'s wife married Sid Hatfield. But, Chief Hatfield was later gunned down in broad daylight on the steps of the McDowell County Courthouse in Welch, with Lively stepping up to deliver the coup de grâce.'] ["In 1965, Peter Joseph Bullis  lives in a small town in Alabama, at the height of the Civil Rights Movement. He becomes involved with a group of black students protesting the town's racially segregated municipal swimming pool, leading to a protest that explodes into deadly violence. The young black boy, Taylor Jackson, is killed by the town sheriff; and Peejoe, the only witness, is pressured by the sheriff to keep it quiet. But Peejoe has gotten a crash course in standing your ground and following your path from his free-spirited Aunt Lucille Vinson, who has killed her abusive husband and is headed for Hollywood, where she is convinced that television stardom awaits her. Lucille takes her husband's head everywhere she goes in a black hat box , and looks forward to the future Hollywood promises. When the head is discovered by the hostess of a party, Lucille tries to get rid of the head by throwing it off the Golden Gate Bridge. Two policemen, thinking she is about to jump over herself, open the hat box and discover the head inside. She is arrested and escorted back to Alabama for her trial, where she is given a warm welcome by her town. After being convicted of first-degree murder, Lucille is sentenced to twenty years in prison. However, the sentence is suspended, and she is put on a five-year probation with the condition that she seeks psychiatric help. Lucille, her children, and all her friends joyfully exit the courtroom while the sheriff  is put under arrest for Taylor's murder."] ["The film tells the story of Nick Rinaldi , who has spent his life in one New Jersey city, getting a free ride from his well-connected father  and hearing the locals talk of his brother's death in Vietnam. He's usually high on drink and drugs. As Rinaldi searches for more self-control, he quits the contractor's job provided by his father, feeling that major events are about to happen in his life. By the film's end his life will change, as will the lives of many others."] ["17-year-old Colombian girl María Álvarez works in sweat shop-like conditions at a flower plantation. Her income helps support her family, including an unemployed sister who is a single mother. María becomes pregnant by a man she does not love. After unjust treatment from her boss she quits work despite her family's vehement disapproval. On her way to Bogotá to find a new job, she is offered a position as a drug mule. Desperate, she accepts the risky offer, and swallows 62 wrapped pellets of Cocaine and flies to New York City with her immature friend Blanca. María is almost caught by US customs who are suspicious of her movements. She avoids being X-rayed due to her pregnancy, and they ultimately believe her story that the father of her child paid for her air ticket. The traffickers collect María and several other mules. The mules are held hostage in a motel room until they pass all the drug pellets. Fellow mule Lucy falls ill when a drug pellet apparently ruptures inside her. The traffickers cut her open to retrieve the drug pellets. María convinces Blanca to escape with her when the traffickers leave to dump Lucy's body. They abscond with the drugs they have passed. María has nowhere to sleep and goes to Lucy's sister's house but doesn't reveal to the sister that Lucy is dead. Blanca soon joins her there. Eventually the sister finds out and throws them out. Blanca and María return the drugs to the traffickers and receive their money. María uses some of her drug money to send Lucy's body home to Colombia. They are about to board the plane back to Colombia when María decides to stay in the United States. Blanca returns home."] ['Central character is Susanna, who appears to be a prostitute living with five different people at the same time. These five men and Susanna engage in a strange relationship, easily misunderstood by the society around them. But no one can judge her on grounds of morality. She is a mother, wife, sister, daughter to all her men. They find peace in her presence.'] ["Johnnie Bradfield  is a world champion boxer falsely accused of murder. He disappeared and is presumed dead. The only witnesses who could have exonerated him were his manager and girlfriend, both of whom have died in an automobile accident. Detective Monty Phalen  believes that Johnnie is still alive and hasn't given up the search for him. Johnnie, meanwhile, is hiding out on Grandma Rafferty's  farm in Arizona. It is there that Johnnie meets up with some juvenile delinquents, Tommy , Angel , Spit , Dippy , T.B. , and Milty , who are under the guardianship of Tommy's sister Peggy . Johnnie, using the fake name of Jack Dorney takes Tommy under his wing and encourages him to go in business for himself by buying a gas pump for the farm. He helps the kids raise money by returning to the boxing ring for a match against an up-and-coming boxer. Johnnie sees Phalen arriving at the fight and decides to hide who he really is by not using his trademark stance in the ring. However his determination to help the kids overcomes him and he reveals who he really is, although he is defeated in the fifth round. He surrenders to Phalen, but the detective allows him to remain in Arizona instead of returning to New York."] ['Cui Shun-ji is a Chinese woman of Korean ancestry. A single mother bringing up a young son, she lives away from her hometown, and makes a living by selling kimchi. In the course of living her life, she meets three men who betray her. When her son dies in an accident, she decides to take revenge.'] ['When he is passed over for promotion in favor of a foreign-born friend, Frank Taylor , a midwestern factory worker, joins the anti-immigrant Black Legion, a secret white supremacist organizationTatara, Paul. "Black Legion" and alienates his wife . He starts drinking heavily and takes up with a loose woman . Taylor\'s friend, Ed Jackson , tries to counsel him, and a drunken Taylor winds up confessing about his Legion activities. When Taylor reports this to Cliff, a co-worker and fellow member of the Legion, Cliff initiates a false rumor that Jackson is a woman-beater. On the pretext of punishing him for that offense, the Legion then kidnaps Jackson, planning to flog him. Jackson punches one of the men restraining him and tries to escape. As he is running away he is shot by Taylor, who then breaks down with guilt and remorse, exclaiming "I didn\'t mean to shoot!".Allmovie Plot synopsis Taylor is arrested for the murder, and the Legion threatens his wife and son to stop him from implicating the Legion in the crime, but, ultimately, Frank breaks down and tells the truth, resulting in the entire Black Legion being convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison.TCM Full synopsis'] ['In Jasper, Texas in June 1998, three self-proclaimed white supremacists chain James Byrd, Jr. to the back of their pickup and drag him to his death over three miles of country road. When the town is forced to deal with an onslaught of media coverage that thrusts it into the collective conscience of the entire country and the arrival of contentious members of the Ku Klux Klan and the Black Panthers, the once peaceful relationship between its white and black citizens is subjected to tension. Trying to maintain peace in the community as the trial of the three perpetrators commences are black mayor R.C. Horn and white sheriff Billy Rowles, neither of whom is prepared to handle all the negative publicity. Justice is served when two of the men are condemned to death and the third is sentenced to life in prison.'] ['Olivier , a carpenter by trade who teaches at a trades training centre, knowingly takes on Francis Thorion, the murderer of his son, as an apprentice. Francis is unaware of his connection with Olivier from five years ago. Olivier, tormented by the loss of his son and his separation from his wife, develops a slight obsession with Francis. He stalks him home, steals his keys and explores his apartment, whilst slowly discovering more about the boy. Francis looks up to Olivier, seeing him as a surrogate role-model. With this on his mind, Olivier is ultimately torn between hatred for the murderer of his son and the moral ambiguity of accepting this child from a broken home and disillusioned past.'] ["The story revolves around a man who is caught in a quagmire of crime and consumerism as he struggles to find heaven on earth. The story revolves around Arjun, a street-smart young conman with an obsession for making a quick buck. He has a chance meeting with a girl at a mall and falls in love at first site. Zoya was gazing at a ring placed inside showcase protected by glass and hoping to acquire this ring. He breaks the glass to grab the ring she was looking at, that led to catch him by the security guards patrolling in the mall. Zoya  gives him the reasons he was looking for to move out of his ordinary life and become rich for this girl. He steps up from playing small-time card games to becoming a bookie. Stuck in a triangle of sorts between the woman he loves and his addiction to make a quick buck, Arjun moves on from being a bookie to a runner for the mafia. He steps into the world of Cricket match fixing, ensuring a match looks interesting, but the end result is to their advantage. Arjun basically switches on the limelight to the bigger, faster, better and more, until his dizzying rise attracts the attention of the police. Arjun has now to choose between the love of his life, and this new found success and power. As Arjun struggles to choose between the two, a underworld don  offers the forbidden apple of limitless wealth in exchange for his soul, drawing him into his core entourage of money spinners. When Arjun declines his offer, the don has Arjun drawn into a plot where he is trapped as the man accused of killing a coach. With the police after him, Arjun manages to get into his best friend's car. Both of them can now make off, but Arjun is stopped by Zoya who asks him to surrender. Convinced that he has not committed the crime, Zoya assures him they can fight the law. When the police arrive, Arjun raises his arms in a gesture of surrender. Zoya pleads with the inspector, who is a fair and just man, not to kill Arjun as he is ready to give himself up and, consequently, the inspector orders his men not to fire until told to, though none of them lower their weapons. Arjun is asked to drop his gun, which is in the pocket of his jeans. Zoya's ring, too, is in Arjun's pocket and when the gun is taken out and dropped, the ring is dropped along with it. Arjun, in a state of shock and blur, bends down to pick the ring, but the police mistakenly think he is reaching for the gun. They open fire, and Arjun is brutally killed. The film ends showing Zoya paying her shopping bill in a mall along with her child. At the payment counter she reduces items from her shopping list as she cannot afford to pay for all the items. Just then her son willingly gives away an item for himself from the shopping list, explaining it can be bought some other time. She smiles at him; realizing if Arjun wouldn't have been that greedy, he would've still been alive."] ['In 1989, Josey  returns to her hometown in northern Minnesota with her children, Sam ([[Thomas Curtis  and Karen , after escaping from her abusive husband. She moves in with her parents, Alice  and Hank . Hank is ashamed of Josey, who became pregnant at the age of 16, and believes that this was the result of Josey being promiscuous. The townspeople believe the same, which causes them not to allow Josey to blend in. Her only friends are Glory  and Glory\'s boyfriend Kyle Dodge . Glory, who works at the local iron mines , aids Josey in getting a job there. Glory and Kyle also allow Josey to stay at their place with her children, due to Josey\'s bad relationship with her father. Josey quickly befriends the other female workers at the mine, which include Glory, Sherry  and Big Betty , and becomes the target of provocations spearheaded by Bobby Sharp , Josey\'s high school boyfriend who also works at the mine. Her attempts to stop the provocations by reporting it to the mine\'s higher-up only worsen it, and soon all the women are being verbally and physically abused by men at the Mine. Josey is also sexually harassed by many of them, including Bobby. Josey\'s refusal in giving in on her male co-workers\' demands causes them to spread lies about her being promiscuous and trying to seduce them, which cause Josey to be further segregated not only by her father and the men\'s wives, but also by Sam, who starts believing that his mother is indeed promiscuous after discovering that he was the result of her teenage pregnancy. After even the mine\'s board of directors refuses to hear Josey\'s complaints about the way women are treated at the mine, she quits and asks Bill White , a friend of Kyle and Glory and also a lawyer – to help her file a lawsuit against the company. Bill tells her that the best way to win a case like this is by convincing the other women to back up her statements in court. The women, however, are hesitant, as this would mean risking their jobs, and refuse. Josey also discovers that Glory has ALS  Hank is disappointed by Josey\'s decision, and Alice leaves him, tired of hearing him criticizing their daughter for something that was not her fault. Hank later attends a union meeting. Josey appears, hoping to address the miners and explain her reasons for suing the mine. When they refuse to hear her and start verbally abusing her, Hank stands up for his daughter and reprimands his co-workers for their rude treatment of Josey and all the women at the factory. At the court, the mine\'s lawyers attempt to hold Josey\'s so-called "promiscuous" past against her, and have Bobby Sharp testify on how Sam is the fruit of a consensual sexual relationship between Josey and one of her teachers. Josey then reveals the truth: When she and Bobby were 16, they were caught skipping class and kissing by their teacher and were forced to stay after class as punishment. When detention ended, Bobby left first to start up his car, intending to give Josey a ride. While he was away, Josey was attacked and raped by her teacher. Bobby witnessed the rape and not knowing what to do, he left the school quickly. Josey got pregnant from the rape, but refused to abort the baby or give it away, and had Sam. Josey\'s lawyer Bill gets Bobby to admit he is lying about the sex being consensual. Glory has come to the court in her wheelchair and from the back of the room her husband reads a letter saying she stands with Josey. Other women then stand up to support Josey\'s complaint. They are followed by more women, family members, and miners. With this, the mining company loses the case and is forced to pay the women for what they suffered, in addition to establishing a sexual harassment policy at the workplace. Josey, vindicated, thanks Bill for all that he has done for her and her family and departs to teach Sam how to drive, telling him that she intends to buy him a car on his 18th birthday.'] ["Monique Mélinand portrays a woman in the late stages of terminal illness. Her son Philippe , Philippe's wife Nathalie , and her husband Roger  attempt to comfort her as she navigates through her ordeal. However, those two closest men in her personal life begin to get more involved in their relationships with multiple mistresses. Her husband flirts with customers in their clothing and haberdashery store while her son flirts with her nurses. The film incorporates elements of Mozart’s opera Così fan tutte to poetic effect, relating to these scenes.{{citeweb}}"] ['Stranded in the remote Iranian village of Kuhpayeh by car trouble, a journalist  is approached by Zahra, a woman with a harrowing tale to tell about her niece, Soraya, and the bloody circumstances of Soraya\'s death, by stoning, the previous day. The two sit down as Zahra recounts the story to Freidoune, who records the conversation with his tape recorder. The journalist must escape with his life to tell the story to the rest of the world. Ali is the abusive husband of Soraya who tries to get the village\'s mullah to convince Soraya to grant him a divorce so that he can marry a 14-year-old. Ali\'s marriage to the teenager is conditional on Ali\'s ability to save the girl\'s father, who has been sentenced to death for an unspecified crime. The mullah proposes that Soraya becomes his temporary wife in exchange for protection and monetary support for Soraya and her two daughters. Soraya refuses. Soraya has two sons whom Ali wants, and who have both turned against her. In a scene where Ali comes home to confront Soraya, a violent argument breaks out, she breaks a dish and Ali beats her, all the while saying things displaying his sexist attitude. Some days following the incident, a woman dies. The mullah, the village\'s mayor, and Ali ask Zahra to persuade Soraya to care for the widower. Zahra suggests that Soraya may do the job if she is paid. Soraya starts working for the widower, and Ali plans to use the unusual circumstance to spread lies that Soraya is being unfaithful to him so that she will be stoned and he can remarry. Ali also knows if Soraya were dead, he would not have to pay child support. Ali and the mullah start a rumor about Soraya\'s infidelity so they can charge her with adultery. One day while Zahra is walking in town, she realizes that a rumor has spread that her niece is being unfaithful to her husband. Ali and the mullah need one more "witness" to Soraya\'s "infidelity" to be able to formally charge her, so they visit the widower at home and using threats manipulate the widower into agreeing to back up their story. Soon after, Ali drags Soraya through the streets, beating her and publicly declaring that she has been unfaithful. Zahra intervenes and takes her niece, Ali, the Mullah and the Mayor of the village to her house to talk privately. They bring the widower to the house and after he lies and says that they had engaged in adultery, a trial is pursued. Only men are allowed while Soraya is confined with some women in her house. She is quickly convicted. Zahra tries to flee with her and after realizing she cannot, goes to plead with the mayor for Soraya\'s life, even offering to switch places with Soraya. The conviction is upheld though, and as they are preparing for the stoning, the Mayor prays to Allah for a sign if they are not doing the right thing. Before the actual stoning can begin, a traveling carnival van comes through and tries to perform their act. They are shooed away, where they wait by the sidelines as the stoning begins. Soraya\'s father disowns her as he is given the first stone to throw but he misses her repeatedly. A woman in the crowd pleads to the mayor that the stones missing are a sign Soraya is innocent, but none of the men listen. Ali takes up stones and throws them himself. Her two sons are also forced to throw stones. The widower is given two stones to throw but instead walks away in tears. The crowd finally joins in. The stoning stops when she is believed to be dead, but after Ali sees that she is not and the stoning resumes. Soraya finally dies. Zahra is heard narrating the story to the journalist about her niece. Around this time, the mullah and the widower are informed by Ali that his marriage to the teenaged girl is off, implying that he could not spare her father from execution. The widower then admits to his lying under coercion. As the journalist attempts to leave with his belongings and collect his vehicle after it has been repaired by the widower, the mullah orders a Revolutionary Guard to stop him at gunpoint. They seize his tape recorder and destroy all of the tapes but as the journalist is leaving in his car, Zahra appears out of an alley with the true tape in her hand. As the journalist drives away he stops and grabs the true tape from Zahra and speeds away. Zahra screams that the God that she loves is great and now whole world will know of the injustice that has happened. The movie ends by showing the only known picture of Soraya Manutchehri, taken when she was nine years old.'] ["Hari is the only son of Kumaran who runs a local tea stall in a village. Meera is Hari's childhood friend who still loves to be with children. Meera is not married inspite of many proposals as she has yet to reach maturity. Meera loves Hari, but Hari only saw her as a friend. Hari loves another girl Akhila and her father insists that he will marry her off only to a Government Employee. After Hari gets a Government job, he marries Akhila. The marriage of Hari makes meera unhappy and she becomes depressed. The superstious villagers started believing that Meera is mentally ill and its bad for the village. The villages threatens Meera and her mother and orders them to vacate the village. The movie ends when Meera finally becomes mature making her and her mother happy."] ['The story follows her journey from her small town to the Black Sea, where she becomes a victim of ’human trafficking’. Street children play amongst themselves in this story, which is full of their vitality and eagerness to escape their fate.'] ['John Cassellis  is a television news cameraman. In one of the opening scenes, a group of cameramen and journalists are discussing the ethical responsibilities within their profession: When should filming a gruesome scene end and human responsibility to try to save a life begin? As viewers we are presented with issues such as violence as spectacle, political and social discontent, extreme racism, and class divisions. The film is constantly juggling documentary footage with feature film image. Among his sources, Wexler uses footage from military training camps in Illinois for military troops preparing for planned demonstrations by students and anti-war activists during the Democratic National Convention later that summer. Cassellis is seemingly hardened to ethical and social issues; he is more concerned with pursuing women like Ruth . Yet once Cassellis finds out that his news station has been providing the stories and information gathered by the cameramen and news journalists to the FBI, he becomes enraged. The news station creates an excuse to fire him, and Cassellis is let go. Subsequently, Cassellis meets a widow, Eileen, whose husband has died in the Vietnam War. Eileen  and her son, Harold, have moved from West Virginia to Chicago and Cassellis grows fond of them both. The film concludes with a scene in which Eileen is walking through rioting crowds, based on Wexler\'s footage of students in Chicago demonstrating during the Democratic National Convention in the summer of 1968. Her son has gone missing and she is desperately seeking Cassellis for help, but he is filming the convention. As a result, the fictional story and real-life brutality merge. The director explained that he planned his principal filming schedule to coincide with the convention, expecting that a riot would occur. The 1968 Democratic National Convention protest activity resulted in a riot. There was a Congressional Investigation that concluded that this riot was a "police riot" based on massive evidence that the police moved in with violence on a mostly legal demonstration. The title comes from Marshall McLuhan\'s work in which he described TV as a "cool" medium. The "cooler" the medium, "the more someone has to uncover and engage in the media" in order to "fill in the blanks." The movie questions the role and responsibilities of television and its newscasts. The music in the film was assembled by guitarist Mike Bloomfield . The film features contemporary music from the early Mothers of Invention albums by rock musician Frank Zappa, as well as the Love instrumental "Emotions" over the opening credits. Wexler has said the scene under the opening credits with the bike messenger delivering film to the television station was inspired by the film, Black Orpheus .'] 