["In the heart of the Canadian wilderness, sultry and sexually assertive Vixen becomes quickly bored when her husband Tom, wilderness guide/pilot  leaves for the mountains. The hypersexual Vixen vents her frustration by attempting to seduce anyone within reach including a couple her husband bring home as clients , a Mountie, and eventually her own brother . After witnessing Vixen's exploits throughout the film, it ends by veering into political satire as Vixen's racism and the creeping threat of communism are discussed at length among the characters as the film draws to its end. At the end of the film her husband brings another couple home and Vixen smiles, apparently planning to seduce them."] ['Tanya  is a female model who lives with her boyfriend Lobo , a surrealist painter who is extreamly violent. Subjected to Lobo\'s constant abuse, Tanya dreams of escaping to a desert island, which comes true. The only other being on her island is an enormous blue-eyed man-ape (performed by [[Don McLeod  who was born from one of Lobo\'s paintings. Tanya befriends the beast and nicknames him "Blue", she soon begins to feels a strange attraction to the creature, which makes Lobo increasingly jealous in the real world. He becomes determined to capture this monster and put it in a cage.'] ['Ryō Masuda  is a SM movies director who asks a woman he meets on a crowded street to star in one of his films. The woman, Yumi Sakata, accepts on a whim but her expressive features—in particular, her eyes—make that particular low-budget production into an unexpected hit. Ryō is attracted to her but feels there is something dangerous or evil about her and doesn\'t want to have anything more to do with her. However, it isn\'t that simple. Ryō\'s girlfriend, Mayumi, is a dominatrix who services a very powerful man. Mayumi\'s client, Mr. Okonogi, wants Yumi to work in an S&M show club he owns. Mayumi fears she may be "sacrificed" if Mr. Okonogi doesn\'t get want he wants and she begs Ryō to find Yumi and persuade her to go to the S&M club. Ryō finally persuades Yumi to go to the club with him and Mayumi by telling her that he loves her and that Mayumi is an ex-girlfriend from a long time ago. Yumi becomes a star dominatrix . Ryō finds himself torn between his feelings for Mayumi and Yumi\'s expectations. He also stands to make a considerable amount of money as Yumi\'s "manager" and companion. Mr. Okonogi, who defines sadism and masochism as "two sides of the same coin," and who enjoys watching as well as participating, refuses to let Mayumi retire. It appears that he has the power of life-and-death over her. One of Mayumi\'s female friends, Natsumi, commits suicide rather than continue working in the S&M industry. Mayumi goes to the funeral. Ryō does not.{{cite web}}<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title 400|yearVital Books : Asian Cult Cinema Publications|location1-889288-52-7}}'] ['Between visits from his keeper, or john, a handsome male prostitute , alone in his apartment, lounges, fantasizing about worlds where he is the central character. For example, he pictures himself as a matador, a Roman slave boy and the emperor who condemns him, and the keeper of a male harem for whom another male performs a belly dance.'] ['The storyline is reminiscent of the original Flash Gordon films, but with a generally campy flavor to it. The character names are innuendos, based on original characters from the serial, the hero Flesh Gordon ; his love interest Dale Ardor ; the evil Emperor Wang the Perverted ; Dr. Flexi Jerkoff ; Amora, Queen of Magic ; and a gay Robin Hood-like character called Prince Precious . Emperor Wang aims a "Sex Ray" at the Earth from his home world of Porno [Mongo]. The entire planet becomes hopelessly sexually obsessed and it is up to Gordon to stop the rays. The film uses nudity whenever possible, and the scenes are shot in a style nearly identical to the original Flash Gordon serials. As an example, their rocket lands on the planet Porno. A sauropod dinosaur with a glans-like head is observed. Flesh asks Dr. "J", "What\'s that"? "Must be some kind of penisaurus", Dr. "J" replies. A towering, demonic-looking creature, the Great God Porno , brought out of hibernation by Emperor Wang makes an appearance, muttering obscenities in a very velvety voice. The monster\'s fate is a major plot point.'] ['A single eventful night in the lives of a crew of Los Angeles-based, trans-Pacific stewardesses. The leading character is killed in a 30-story suicide leap, and the others simply "party," using drugs and engaging in various sexual encounters. One of the girls befriends and beds a returning Vietnam combat soldier.'] ["April Delongpre  is the well-born daughter of a powerful Alabama senator and heiress to an old and respectable Southern family. One summer, while her fiancé Chad Douglas Fairchild ([[Martin Hewitt  is away on business, April commences an affair with Perry , a carnival roustabout she had met a few days previously. April's grandmother Belle Delongpre  has assigned the local sheriff Earl Hawkins  to keep an eye on her. Belle and the sheriff conspire to get rid of Perry on the day of April and Chad's wedding. Perry escapes, and the film ends with April, wearing Chad's wedding band, finds Perry and they kiss."] ['A traffic accident brings together the widow Michiyo and her step daughter Takako with Hideo, the young man who caused the accident. Hideo and Takako start a relationship but Michiyo finds out that Hideo is the son of the man who raped her many years earlier. After this discovery, Michiyo\'s feelings alternate between guilt and excitement and she secretly spies on the young lovers. As atonement she decides to have her "most sensitive areas" tattooed but the pain brings her pleasure. The denouement has Hideo lusting after Michiyo and raping her as his father had done.'] ["In the span of a couple years William Churchill has somehow become fully-grown and is now eighteen years old. Now played by Charles Solomon , who would take on the role for the next two parts in the series, William's last name has been changed to Adams. It turns out that William’s parents were involved in a coven that was all set to kill baby William in order to bring Satan to Earth. They couldn’t bear to see it happen, so they took William and ran. Now William, who doesn’t realize his power, has to deal with his witch-temptress-neighbor by the name of Dolores Jones. Delores, however, is actually Elizabeth Churchill, the evil witch from the first film, who has whipped up a spell that turns her into the voluptuous middle-aged neighbor."] ['Scotty Palmer  is portrayed as a down on his luck con man who gets kicked out of his home. Scotty soon finds three older divorcees who have a lot of money, however they do not have a trait that Scotty possesses, moxie with women. They agree to let Scotty stay with them at their beach house, if he returns the favor by teaching them how to pick up women. Scotty shows them how to "dialog" women by giving them a dose of the old BBD . Along this journey, Scotty loses his playboy ways and falls in love with Kristi . Kristi, knowing Scotty\'s playboy past, puts up with his ups and downs early on in the movie but later insists that he change his ways. Scotty recognizes that Kristi is ultimately more important than the empty life he has led up until now and changes his ways.'] ["{{plot}} Donna Taylor is a young prostitute recruited by a criminal organization  to help blackmail their latest target, a politician. She agrees to carry out their plan of meeting him in his hotel room, drugging his drink, and having pictures taken of him while he is unconscious. She soon finds out the drug she administered was not a simple sedative as she had been told by Sandra and Erica, the two members of the Syndicate accompanying her, but a lethal poison. They threaten to kill Donna if she doesn't stay silent about the murder. After they depart to dispose of the body, Donna calls a friend, arranging to use the friend's place in Mexico to hide out. Unknown to her, the hotel room is being monitored by another member of the Syndicate, who passes this information along to the Syndicate. The next morning, Donna drives off toward the US-Mexico border, unaware Sandra and Erica know where she is going. Donna stops at a remote gas station to refuel, and is approached by a young, female hitchhiker who urgently needs a ride. Donna declines, and while she is away from the car, the hitchhiker jumps in and drives off. Sandra and Erica pull into the gas station, and ask the attendant if they'd seen a car matching Donna's description. He points them in the direction the hitchhiker left, they drive off immediately, before he can tell them it had been stolen. Donna recognizes them, and now realizes she is being hunted. Another customer, a young man named Chuck, has witnessed the series of events, and offers to give Donna a ride. Suspicious of his motives, she declines, instead accepting a ride from a seemingly more trustworthy old man named H.R. Stringham. However, Stringham abducts Donna, taking her back to his remote desert home where he demands Donna have sex with his mentally-impaired son, Ben. Donna reluctantly agrees, and the two go off to a secluded area, but as she begins to disrobe, it is evident the childlike Ben does not understand what to do. She sneaks back to the house, and steals his pickup truck. Meanwhile, the Syndicate girls overtake Donna's car, now driven by the hitchhiker, who explains that she stole the car at the gas station they had just passed. Angered that Donna has eluded them, they kill the girl and return to the station. The attendant updates the two on Donna's whereabouts, and gives them directions to Stringham's house. They pass Donna leaving in Stringham's pickup, but do not recognize her. Stringham's truck soon runs out of fuel, and while Donna is pondering her next move, a vehicle pulls up behind her. She arms herself with a pistol she finds in the glovebox, and waits. The driver turns out to be Chuck, who had been camping nearby when he noticed the stalled truck. He convinces her that the desert roads are impossible to navigate at night, and she decides to return to his camp until daybreak. Donna soon lets her guard down, and tells her story to Chuck. At first, he is apprehensive about getting involved, but eventually agrees to help her escape. They have sex. Sandra and Erica finally reach the old man's house, where he explains how Donna escaped. They decide to stay the night, and resume hunting Donna in the morning. Sandra becomes drunk, and playfully begins seducing, then mounting the dim-witted Ben. As he reaches an orgasm, she pulls out her pistol and shoots him in the head, laughing. His father hears the noise and comes in, horrified and aghast. Sandra shoots and kills him as well. The next morning, Donna and Chuck are driving down a desert road when Sandra and Erica pick up their trail and catch up to them. Chuck pulls over near an outcrop of hills, and provides cover fire while Donna tries to escape on foot. Chuck runs out of ammunition, but manages to ambush Erica and, during a brief struggle, shoot her, and take her gun. Donna is chased by Sandra and finally killed. Sandra is quickly picked up by a car driven by the Syndicate boss, just as Chuck arrives, and finds Donna's body. Bent on revenge, Chuck steals a dune buggy, chases them, and kills both Sandra and the driver."] ['The film is separated into four stories. The first story involves André  who takes his 16-year old cousin  to the beach to perform fellatio on him in tune to the waves of the incoming tide. The second story is titled Thérése Philosophe and involves a teenage country girl  who intermingles sexual desires in her imagination with her dedication to Christ after being locked in her room. The third story features Elizabeth Báthory  as a Countess who murders young girls in order to gain eternal youth by bathing in their blood. The final story involves the daughter of Pope Alexander VI, Lucrezia Borgia , having sex with her male relatives.'] ['Richard Daninsky, the descendant of Waldemar Daninsky, inherits a castle that may have hidden treasure and takes a reality show TV crew along to document his search. Vampire Elizabeth Bathory gets Richard Daninsky to remove a silver dagger from the body of Waldemar Daninsky, causing him to revive and go on a rampage as a werewolf.'] ['Erotic Ghost Story revolves around three fairies  who have attained human form. Upon helping a hapless scholar, the trio begin to have lustful thoughts about him. This soon leads to many erotic romps and the eventual discovery that he is a dangerous demon.'] ['Over a black screen, Sada Abe  tells some of the aliases she had used in her past. The opening concludes when the words "Kichi Sada 2" appear on the screen, followed by a newspaper headline, "Document: Sada Abe," which is the Japanese title of the film. The lovers, Sada and Kichi  are then shown together, with Kichi predicting that he will die if their love-making continues. Soldiers pass the couple as they enter an inn, placing the story in the context of Japan\'s military build-up. They engage in a love-making session which lasts between April 23 and May 7, 1936. Some of their S&M games involve knives, biting and mutual strangulation. When Kichi leaves Sada for a shave, she jealously accuses him of "committing adultery" on her with his wife. Soldiers are seen marching past a crowd which is listening to a report of the "February 26 Incident" on the radio. Sada and Kichi, uninterested, leave the crowd to continue their love-making. After strangling each other with their obis , Kichi\'s neck is red, and Sada sends for a doctor. Kichi is told to go on a liquid diet, and he plans to return home for two months to recover. Sada is upset at losing Kichi, and spills all of his medicine. During another love-making session, Kichi invites Sada to strangle him again, telling her not to stop half-way this time, since it would be too painful afterwards. After killing him, Sada rubs her breasts against Kichi\'s face, attempts to feed him beer, and then castrates him. She then cuts herself and writes "Kichi Sada 2" with her blood on his body. During the progress of this scene, Sada\'s past life is told in flashbacks. She is banished from her wealthy family after losing her virginity to rape. She wanders around Japan working as a prostitute and bar-maid, eventually finding employment at the current inn where she met Kichi. The final sequence has her crime discovered and becoming a national sensation. Sada, while discussing the story with a masseur who is unaware of her identity, says that Sada must have loved Kichi very much since she wanted the whole country to know about them. The film ends with Sada\'s arrest.Synopsis based on {{cite book}} and Weisser, p.356.'] ['Emmanuelle  is a free-spirited woman who makes erotic arthouse films and runs a dance studio out of her loft in Paris. The movie opens with a "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous" style montage of Cannes, with a documentary-like narration giving us an overview of the famous film festival held there every year. A film within a film, the sequence shows Emmanuelle premiering her latest film, Love Express, in Cannes, causing a scandal in the process. Later, she defends her film at a press conference to reporters who accuse her of creating pornography. After the Q&A, Emmanuelle\'s producer introduces her to Prince Rajid, a wealthy despot who owns the fictional Arab country of Benglagistan. He is apparently obsessed with Emmanuelle and wants to premiere the film in his homeland. Outside, a throng of male fans awaits Emmanuelle, all desperate for a touch of the famed beauty. Things quickly escalate and the mob strips her of every last article of clothing, sending her jumping onto a stranger\'s departing boat for safety. Her unwitting saviour is Charles D. Foster, a young millionaire who disapproves of Emmanuelle\'s erotic films. The couple quickly fall in love after a night of exciting sex on his yacht. After an argument with the concerned Foster, Emmanuelle travels to Benglagistan to promote her film, and meets Eddie, an Indiana Jones style danger-seeker who befriends her. Prince Rajid kidnaps her for his harem and decides to make her one of his 50 wives. Eddie helps her escape, and together they run into the jungle. Charles send an army helicopter to help Emmanuelle. Eddie dies in the shootout but she escapes with the helicopter. Emmanuelle joins Charles D. Foster on a midnight plane ride where they drink champagne and make love. The plane quickly falters and crashes into the mountains near Las Vegas. After being rescued and returning home to mourn her dead lover, she receives a note and flowers and realizes Foster is alive and loves only her.'] ["As the film begins, Emmanuelle is travelling by ship to join her husband, Jean, in Hong Kong. To her annoyance there are no cabins available and she has to sleep in an all-female dorm. During the night, she is awakened by the girl in the neighboring bunk, who tells her that she is afraid of sleeping in a room full of women because she was raped by three Filipino girls while at boarding school in Macao - she concludes by confessing that she enjoyed it. Emmanuelle recognizes this as an invitation and the two women have sex. Arriving in Hong Kong, Emmanuelle is reunited with Jean and, after a couple of attempts, manage to have passionate reunion sex. Emmanuelle slips into the life of the Hong Kong expat community. She becomes friends with Anna Maria, the young stepdaughter of one of Jean's lovers. The two swap sexual confidences and Anna Maria is forced to admit that she is still a virgin. Emmanuelle schemes to remedy this. Over the course of the film, Emmanuelle has a series of sexual encounters. She has sex with Anna Maria's dance teacher and with a tattooed man in the locker room of the polo club. She experiences vivid sexual fantasies during an acupuncture session and also masquerades as a prostitute in a notorious Hong Kong brothel, where she has sex with a group of sailors . Together with Jean and Anna Maria she visits a bath-house, where they have steamy, full body contact massages from a trio of Thai woman. Emmanuelle, Jean, and Anna Maria take a trip to Bali. When Jean emerges from the shower that night he finds Emmanuelle and Anna Maria waiting for him on the bed. Emmanuelle undresses Anna Maria and makes love to her, before sitting back and smiling approvingly while Jean takes the young woman's virginity."] ['When businessman Tetsuro Muraki has his company go bankrupt and his wife Ryoko is raped by gangsters who use her body to pay off his debts, he succumbs to despair. He hires a prostitute, Nami, to go with him to a love hotel with sex and suicide in mind.<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title1998|publisherMiami|isbn252}}'] ['In 1987 Ivan and Catherine Greer live with their 9-year-old daughter, Joy, their housekeeper, Rebecca, and her two daughters, Ivy, 9, and Violet, 8. The three young girls live as sisters, but the more rambunctious Ivy is bored by their childish games of tea and rejoices at Ivan\'s unexpected early day return from the office, saying, "There\'s going to be fireworks." Ivy\'s prediction soon comes true. Ivan catches Rebecca in bed with the handsome pool boy, and the two men scuffle. As Ivan tends to his wounds, he and Rebecca begin a loud argument about their adulterous affair. The shouting brings Catherine\'s attention from the garden. Upon learning of the affair, she immediately evicts Rebecca and her children. Rebecca retaliates that Catherine cannot fulfill Ivan\'s sexual desires. As she and her daughters leave the Greer mansion, Joy is heartbroken to lose her only known siblings. In 1997, Violet returns to the Greer home and is reunited with Joy for the first time in ten years. Violet states that she is looking for a summer time residence while working as a waitress at Denny\'s Restaurants and planning to attend the local junior college. Joy suggests that she reside with them and stay in the late Catherine\'s room. Joy is an amateur tennis star and engaged to her Princeton boyfriend, Michael, who will be working as an intern for Mr. Greer\'s bank. During a late night party, Violet feels isolated and ridiculed by Joy\'s Ivy League friends, and excuses herself for late shift work. Afterward, Michael takes Joy to her room and initiates foreplay, only to be rejected. He accuses Joy of being sexually frigid, and insultingly says he understands her father\'s infidelity. As Michael is on his way out, he runs into Violet, who is dressed in a sadomasochistic costume, which causes him to question her employment at Denny\'s. Violet states that the two have gotten off on the wrong foot, and proceeds to perform oral sex on him. Violet\'s obsession with Joy motivates her to destroy all of her other relationships. When her tennis partner, Jaimie comes over to practice with Joy, Violet spikes their drinks with alcohol and then undresses into her bra in bed with the unconscious and handcuffed Jaimie, convincing her the three have just engaged in sex. A horrified, half clothed, and handcuffed Jaimie flees the Greer house, thus ending their friendship. Michael is Violet\'s next target. While by the Greer pool, she convinces him Joy has been unfaithful and seduces him into sex, while she provides him with cocaine to reignite his former addiction. Michael is not appreciative of her vices and vows never to see her again, thereby confirming her prejudiced belief that all men are uncaring and deceitful. Ivan is the next to be seduced as Violet sabotages his date when she swims topless in his pool, and dresses in his late wife\'s clothing. The two wish to rekindle the passion that existed during Ivan\'s affair with Rebecca. The Greers\' housekeeper, Mrs. B, quickly catches on to the recent events, and makes enemies with Violet in her attempts to thwart her schemes. Michael confronts Violet while she is "street walking". He then reveals to her that he has lost his internship at the bank because of drugs and that he knows of her schemes, including working as a sadomasochistic prostitute, her false employment at Denny\'s, and her dark family history including the death of Ivy . He threatens that she must leave the Greers\' before he tells Joy the truth. When Michael arrives at the Greers\' later that day, Violet knocks him unconscious, ties him to a bed and gags him, and injects him with a lethal dose of drugs, killing him. Joy returns from a failed tennis match distraught at the recent drama of events, only to learn of Michael\'s death and walk in on her father and Violet in sadomasochism. As a traumatized Joy flees, Ivan tells Violet she must leave, to which she accuses him of repeating the abandonment of her mother. She hides the drugs for Ivan\'s heart condition and places him in the garage fatally poisoning him with carbon monoxide by leaving a car engine running. After a drive, Joy returns that same night, to now discover Mrs. B is also murdered. Violet induces Joy to dress up and play tea like they did when they were children, where they will commit suicide by drinking poison. Joy violently resists by splashing the poison on Violet\'s face, and the two wrestle around the room. Violet attempts to stab Joy with a pair of scissors, but Joy is able to knock her back before she strikes. Joy races out of the room to the stairway, where she leans on the banister and cries out for help. Violet regains her senses and goes to resume her attack. Violet is spun around by Joy and begins to lose her balance at the top of the stairs. Joy grasps the end of Violet\'s pearl necklace to keep her from falling. Still holding on to the pearl necklace, Joy pleads with Violet to reach out and save herself. Instead Violet leans her head back and raises her arms in the air. In doing so, the necklace shatters and Violet\'s feet slip, causing her to fall backwards down the stairs. Violet lies motionless at the bottom of the stairs, lifeless. Joy calmly exits the mansion. The loss of her entire family circle is saddening, but it may provide her with the opportunity to begin anew, and leave behind the darkness of her family past.'] ['During a photo shoot, nude model Laura  receives a phone call from her sister Winnifred . Laura learns that her ex-boyfriend, high-powered attorney Nelson Nyland , is dating her aunt Cynthia ; not only that, they are making plans to move in together. While she tells Winnie that\'s she\'s pleased, Laura is emotionally hurt. After hanging up, Laura asks her photographer, Jennine, for a few weeks off. Jennine agrees, commenting that she has some good shots for her editor. Intercut with a montage of Laura and Jannine having sex, Jannine comments that she has "an awful schoolgirl crush" on Laura. Laura is initially put off, but then passionately kisses Jannine. Meanwhile, in Meadow Springs, Nelson visits his law partner, and sister, Judith. Judith invites Nelson out to a romantic dinner, but Nelson explains that he is expected by Cynthia. At Cynthia\'s cabin, Nelson arrives to find Cynthia seductively rubbing herself. Making himself comfortable, Nelson approaches her from behind and cups her breasts. After several minutes of foreplay, they retire to the bedroom. At a cafe, Winnie asks her co-worker Louise  why she pushed Winnie so hard into telling Laura about Cynthia and Nelson. Louise admits that she is a potential novelist, and that she is writing an expose about the town\'s sexual goings-on. The scene then intercuts with both Nelson and Cynthia, and Laura and Jannine having sex.'] ["The film deals with the sex life of a young New York woman, Kitty , and her boyfriend Stud . Stud is brutal and oafish but Kitty is enamoured with his sexual performances. They sometimes engage into light sadomasochism, with Stud belt-whipping Kitty. Stud later posts a sign on a bulletin board inviting people to a party. Several people show up at Kitty and Stud's apartment and they all engage into group sex, with Stud servicing all the women."] ['Akiko  is startled to find her estranged husband, Kunisada , in a car watching a young, pre-pubescent girl urinate by the side of a road. When Akiko returns home, the girl, Miko, follows crying that "Uncle" has disappeared. Akiko turns the girl over to the police. Later, while she is giving ikebana lessons at home, the police return to ask Akiko for information about Kunisada. It is revealed that he had disappeared three years ago after being arrested for a sexual crime involving a high school girl. Kunisada follows Akiko to her mother\'s grave, where he kidnaps her, and takes her to an isolated cabin in the countryside. Here he subjects her to numerous degrading sexual tortures and punishments for days on end. When Kunisada leaves the cabin to get Akiko\'s wedding dress from her home, Akiko escapes. Wearing only a sheet and the ropes she has been tied in, she meets two hunters who, instead of helping her, rape her. Kunisada finds her unconscious in the woods, cleans her and dresses her in her traditional Japanese wedding clothes, complete with make-up, and suspends her from pulleys in the cabin and shaves her pubic hair. While fishing, Kunisada comes across an unconscious young couple—Kaoru  and Kiyoshi —that had failed in committing double suicide. He rapes the girl, Kaoru, then takes them to the cabin where he binds them. After giving Kaoru an enema, he has Akiko have sex with Kiyoshi while Kunisada has sex with Kaoru. He continues submitting them to various humiliations in order to destroy their love for each other. After he thinks he has succeeded, he unties them and tells them he has no more use for them, they are free to stay or go. By now Akiko has come to accept Kunisada\'s behavior, and apparently enjoy it. She pushes him even further with commands to, "Whip me harder... abuse me..." After one such session in the woods, Akiko and Kunisada return to the cabin where they find that the young couple has bound themselves together and committed double-suicide through strangulation. Akiko tells Kunisada that they have played the final joke on him. Meanwhile, two police detectives are following Miko, believing that she will lead them to Kunisada. Miko eludes the police, but they find the cabin with the dead young couple still bound together and Akiko naked and tied up. When they attempt to release Akiko she tells them, "Don\'t untie me. I like it this way." The police ask her where Kunisada has gone. Akiko replies that he has escaped, then, laughing, adds, "It\'s funny, but I think he\'s afraid of me." As the end credits roll, Kunisada is walking through the countryside holding Miko\'s hand, and Akiko is still in the cabin, tied up naked and squirming.Synopsis from Ranaletta, Ray. . "Wife to be Sacrificed - Coming to a Theater Near You?" in Asian Cult Cinema, #19 , p.49-50, and Wife to be Sacrificed DVD, released by KimStim Inc., copyright 2001 KS0119DVD.'] ["Irene, a housewife , becomes bored while her husband and son are absent on a weekend fishing trip. She becomes attracted to Billy , a man she met when he trimmed a tree in her neighborhood. She accidentally becomes trapped in his trailer which arrives at Lake Consequence hours later. Discovered by his bisexual girlfriend, Grace , and then Billy, they agree to drive her into town so she can catch a bus home. Chinese New Year is in full swing and she is seduced by Billy during the celebrations at a Chinese nightclub and bath house. As Irene develops an erotic relationship with Billy, repressed images of her teenage experience return. Confronted by her own sexuality and her forgotten past, and jealous of Billy's attentions to Grace, Irene flees after starting a fire. However Billy chases her and drives her home, where her husband and child have yet to return. Feeling grief and self-loathing, Irene hesitates to return to her family. Billy lectures her on her responsibilities as wife, helps her to dress and disappears before they return that night."] ['Emanuelle is invited to India to write a report on Guru Shanti, a man who claims to have achieved the ultimate orgasm. Once there she engages in a variety of sex acts, including one with the Guru; she disproves his theory. She then heads to Hong Kong to investigate trafficked women. Once she then arrives back in America, she teams up with fellow reporter Cora Norman and both of them snoop out a trail of men smuggling women to the Middle East.'] ["Emily Reed , a young woman, travels to New York City for an interview with an international law firm. The firm is impressed with her credentials and immediately offers her a job, on the condition that she be ready to fly to Rio de Janeiro the following morning. Emily readily agrees and is introduced to Claudia Dennis , one of the firm's top executives, who is overseeing the purchase and renovation of dilapidated beach hotel in Rio. Emily and Claudia arrive in Rio to put the finishing touches on the deal, but an angry Claudia is forced to fly to Argentina when she discovers that the man they are buying the hotel from has flown to Buenos Aires, ostensibly to attend a niece's wedding, although she believes he is secretly trying to make a deal with the Argentinians for the property. Claudia instructs Emily to take her date for the night, advising her that she will leave her one of her own dresses. While looking over the hotel by herself Emily sees two locals having animalistic sex, which unnerves her and she returns to her own hotel. She finds the dress that Claudia left for her, and upon going back downstairs is introduced to Claudia's friend and business associate, a wealthy man named James Wheeler . The two, accompanied by his bodyguards, go to dinner, and it is revealed that Wheeler actually bought the dress for Claudia some time ago. He informs her that Wheeler has taken the time to find out information about her by calling her mother, and as such discovered that she has always wanted children and likes roast beef, mashed potatoes, and creamed carrots. Emily finds herself intrigued by him, as he is quiet and asks seemingly personal questions without being pushy or rude. Following dinner they attend a street carnival, but Emily leaves after a masked man who looks like Wheeler tries to seduce her. The next morning Emily awakens in her room to find Wheeler silently watching her, and has brought of bouquet of orchids to her. Wheeler tells her that he is not the man who made advances to her, and as a way of apologizing for any offense he might have caused he asks her to allow him to show her the city's sights. She is initially reluctant but ultimately consents, and that afternoon they attend a beach club with a married couple that they noticed in the restaurant the night before. Some military personnel at the party try to make advances on the wife; Wheeler fights them off and he, Emily, and the couple are all forced to flee in his limousine. It is revealed that the couple are having marital problems brought about by the wife's infidelity. She obviously wants to patch things up with her recalcitrant husband, and Wheeler encourages the two to make love, which they ultimately do. Emily is disturbed by their actions, and Wheeler asks her if she has never felt as carnal as the couple, to which she doesn't respond. Emily and Wheeler then visit the hotel that her firm wants to buy, and while there Emily tells Wheeler that she fears he would disappear if she touched him. He tells her to try it and see what happens, but when Emily hugs him he gently pulls away from her, telling her that he doesn't like to be touched. The married couple gave Wheeler a necklace as a token of gratitude for bringing them back together; he gives it to Emily as a gift, possibly because he knows that he hurt her feelings by pulling away from her. That night Emily dresses up for the Carnival festivities and is propositioned by a man in a mask, who offers her the key to his room. She initially refuses the offer but is encouraged by Wheeler to accept. It is then that she realizes Wheeler is incapable of acting upon his own emotions, and because of this he tries to experience passion through other people. Emily ultimately agrees to the stranger's proposal and sleeps with him, but both she and Wheeler seem saddened by the act. The next day Claudia arrives back in Rio with the hotel owner  and a meeting is set up at the airport. Emily is humiliated to discover that the man's attorney, named Jerome, is none other than the stranger she slept with the night before; he uses this to intimidate Emily to get a better deal for his client. Emily pulls Claudia aside, but her boss is thrilled when she discovers the truth, as she uses the information to drop thinly veiled threats to Jerome that if he doesn't stop playing hardball she will tell his wife about the affair. As such Claudia and Emily get a very good deal. The meeting over, Claudia goes to a costume shop to get ready for the celebration that will mark the sale of the hotel to a group of Chinese investors. Claudia begins to question Emily regarding her impressions of Wheeler. She tells Emily that Wheeler was an only child born in Philadelphia, stuttered as a child, and was a completely self-made man. She confesses that she became obsessed with him, but that Wheeler would never touch her. She asks Emily if anything happened between her and Wheeler, but Emily says no. Just as they are leaving the store Claudia's assistants reveal that a man bought the deed to the old hotel prior to the finalization of the deal, and both women know who it was. When they confront Wheeler he admits that he was the one who purchased, infuriating Claudia. Claudia decides to go ahead with the sale even though she doesn't own the hotel, hoping that she will be able to circumvent what Wheeler has done. Emily strongly advises her against this course of action, but Claudia will not be deterred. After the paperwork has been signed Claudia arranges a huge party to commemorate the event. Emily spots Wheeler in the crowd and asks him why he bought the hotel, but before he can answer she is swept away in the crowd. The next morning Claudia invites a young surfer up to her room, but asks Emily to stay since she is able to speak Portuguese and wants her to help translate what the surfer says. Emily is clearly uncomfortable with the idea but agrees. Things get very heated and the three nearly end up sleeping together, but the moment is broken by an angry Wheeler, who interrupts the proceedings. Emily, at an emotional breaking point because of his actions, accuses Wheeler of intentionally setting people up to disappoint him and then throwing them aside when they do. He responds that he never sets anybody up, that they disappoint him of their own accord. As he walks away from her she screams at him that he will always be alone. Later on that day a package is delivered to Emily's room, and upon opening it she discovers that Wheeler has signed over the old hotel's deed to her, meaning that the deal with the Chinese can be salvaged. Emily goes to the hotel and finds Wheeler looking out at the ocean. She confesses to him that she loves him, but leaves when he doesn't respond. Later that night Emily returns to her room to find Wheeler waiting for her. He reveals that as a child he hardly spoke for years after his father abandoned him, and that his teachers thought he was retarded because he never said anything in class. He tells her that he dropped out of school at a young age and worked himself to the bone, and while still a teenager entered the real estate business by purchasing a run-down house in a terrible neighborhood and fixing it up. After he began to accumulate wealth women began to be drawn to him, and he started playing games to keep things interesting. He tells her that the games became a way of life, and he doubts he would be able to quit even if he wanted to. Emily pushes Wheeler to reach out to her, offering him her heart and body if he makes an effort to simply touch her. Though he at first resists, he reaches out and desperately holds her when he thinks she is going to walk out on him. The two embrace and passionately make love. The final scene of the film shows Wheeler and Emily driving away on his motorcycle, happy together."] ['Tsumugi, a girl with a crush on her teacher, discovers that the teacher is having an affair with another teacher. Complications ensue after Tsumugi manages to attract her teacher, but then begins falling for a fellow student.{{cite web}}'] ['A teenage schoolgirl spends the summer with a couple whose marriage is on the rocks and develops a crush on the wife. Meanwhile, she pursues a local teenage boy and tries to find a “suitable male lover” for the wife.http://filmfanatic.org/reviews/?p=133 Although Bilitis can be best described as a coming of age film, the title character, Bilitis, ends up returning to school at the end of the film realizing she is not yet ready for adulthood.'] ['Michelle  and Brianne  are two college girls who want to have a fun spring break. They decide to take a trip from Arizona to Malibu, and plan on staying with Michelle\'s Uncle Benny. The only problem is that they never told him they were coming. However, luck is on their side because he will be going out of town that afternoon. Uncle Benny forbids that there be any parties, saying that the last time he trusted a neighbor to house sit, they threw a wild party, and that he hates parties. Meanwhile, he is having an affair with a next door neighbor. When Michelle and Brian get there, they meet the not-so-preppy Gloria, who is filling in as maid because her mother is sick. She immediately clashes with Michelle and Brianne. Later, Michelle\'s nerdy cousin Denise flies out to Malibu. Although they don\'t get along all that well, Denise is happy to see her cousin Michelle. At this point, Michelle, Brianne, Denise and Gloria decide to team up and throw a party as a bet to see who could get more people to come. The teams are Brianne and Michelle against Denise and Gloria. Randy and Jeff, two workers at a local hotel, get word of this. Randy is perceived as a "man whore", while Jeff is more of a sensitive guy. Jeff later meets Denise, and has an immediate attraction to her even though Randy refers to her as "plain" and an "ugly duckling." Word of the party spreads quickly, and it soon becomes out of control. Randy  goes after her again. She takes him upstairs, but leave him there naked, where he is later found masturbating by Denise and Jeff. Before the party, while the girls were getting ready and giving Denise a makeover to make her less frumpy, they missed a call from Uncle Benny, saying he will be home early. He comes home in the midst of the party, but has to sneak in because he refuses to pay the bouncer for his entry. He clears everyone out, and finds Michelle passed out with a hangover in his bed. He discovers that his neighbor, whom he was dating, knew about the party. She convinces him that the girls are just kids, and it is okay. With the money they raised at the door, the girls pay for all the damages. In return, Uncle Benny buys all four of them tickets to Hawaii for next spring break, to ensure that they won\'t be back for more parties.'] ["Akemi is a housewife who discovers her husband has been cheating on her. She makes the acquaintance of a prostitute who hopes to become a manga artist. Another hopeful manga artist, Kyoko, also makes ends meet by working as a part-time prostitute. Akemi moves in with Kyoko and tolerating the practise of her profession while the two come to an understanding of each other's lives.{{Amg movie}}"] ['Virginia, the 16-year old daughter of a wealthy businessman, is kidnapped by a two men, J.D. and Dakota, and Alva Coward, a woman who is her high school economics teacher. While the details of the payout of the $2 million ransom are being worked out by J.D. and Alva, Virginia is raped by the muscle-man of the outfit and is comforted by the woman, whom she has sex with. Virginia also has sex with the boss of the outfit. She enjoys having sex with the three and helps them escape after she is ransomed.{{cite web}}'] ['Wanda is a dominatrix who runs a gallery in Hamburg. She lures men and women of all types into her sadomasochistic world where audiences pay for the privilege of seeing her humiliate her slaves. "And when she is eventually gunned down, not by her American female lover whom she turns into an assistant-Mistress and not by her older tender shoe-fetishist motherly concerned lover either, but by — of all people — her husband , the supreme joy on her face is absolutely ineffable."'] ['Steven , a US-born Mexican businessman, arrives in a Mexican fishing/resort village for a vacation on a yacht anchored off shore. One of the local fishermen, Colorado , takes Steven with him when he goes to haul in the sharks he has caught. Colorado is annoyed to learn that another shark has taken a huge bite out of one of his captured sharks. Steven says he feels bad for the sharks, then shrugs, "that\'s life." He then decides to scope to local beaches for sexy women. He sets his sights on Patricia , an Englishwoman on vacation. They have a whirlwind romance but break up when Steven can\'t decide if he is in love with her. Steven is extremely jealous, however, when she begins a relationship with Miguel  a womanizing swimming instructor at the nearby resort hotel. While Steven stews on the yacht, Patricia and Miguel have sex. Then she goes skinny dipping in the ocean for a morning swim and is eaten by a large, apparently emphysemic {{convert}} tiger shark. The next day, Steven confronts Miguel in the hotel bar. Miguel tells Steven that Patricia was in love with Steven but she must have returned to England. Neither Steve or Miguel ever learn about her true fate. Miguel introduces Steven to two sisters, Kelly and Cynthia Madison  who are American college students who have arrived on the island resort for some fun. They have a double date and, on the sisters\' suggestions, jump off the yacht for some skinny- dipping. The shark\'s heavy, labored breathing can clearly be heard but they make it to the boat safely. Kelly and Cynthia hop back and forth between Miguel\'s and Steven\'s beds. They all swim back to shore the next morning and the submerged tiger shark again chooses not to bother them. Miguel encourages Steven to live a carefree, womanizing life like he does. Steven agrees. They even start a shark hunting business, swimming out to sea and shooting whatever swims past them from local blue sharks to lemon sharks. Miguel tells Steven that if a tiger shark ever appears, they must immediately get out of the water because tiger sharks or tintoreras are too dangerous to even attempt to hunt. One night, Miguel and Steven meet Gabriella  another young English tourist at the hotel bar. The three of them decide to have a triad: Gabriella will be sexually involved with both of them but they won\'t fall in love with her, or she with them. They tour the local Mayan archaeological sites together, then retire back to the yacht for sex. Miguel and Steven take Gabriella shark hunting with them. She is appalled by what they do, but admits her feelings for them have become powerful and as such apparently forgets her distaste. The next time the three go shark hunting, the seven-foot tiger shark appears and rips Miguel in half. Steven is bummed out, but Gabriella is so upset that she decides to leave Can-Cun and return to England. Steven vows revenge on the shark. He enlists the local coast guard and fishermen in a campaign to kill the tiger shark and apparently every other shark in the sea. Colorado is disturbed that Steven viciously beats the sharks that he has caught with a club. "I hate the bastards," Steven tells him. Colorado assures him that so many sharks have been killed, the tiger shark must have been one of them. Meanwhile, unbeknown to Steven or Colorado, the tiger shark attacks another small fishing boat and eats two fishermen. Steven goes to a nighttime beach party with Kelly, Cynthia and two other American women he met in a bar . After the party ends, Kelly and Cynthia suggest everyone skinny dip again. This time, however, the tiger shark attacks, ripping Cynthia from Steven\'s arms as he tries to make out with her in the water as well as injuring the other two women, but whom safely make it ashore. Steven contacts Mr. Madison  who comes to the village to collect Kelly. Steven vows to kill the shark himself. That evening, Steven lures the shark with a devilfish he has speared for the occasion, and when he hears the shark\'s rasping approach shoots it with a speargun which has an explosive capsule on the tip. However, the shark takes his arm off in the process, but is finally destroyed by explosive which detonates it in a large underwater blast of blood and guts. Steven awakens in a hospital room, sans his right arm, thinking happy thoughts about his triad with Gabriella and Miguel.'] ['Renouncing her sinful past Emanuelle  moves into a convent and becomes a nun, dedicating her life to religion and rejecting sin. Monika  a free-spirited daughter of a rich Baron joins the convent. She tells one sister how she was sexually assaulted by a group of young men ; this gains her sympathy from her fellow sisters.Sister Emanuelle. Mondo-esoterica.net. Accessed March 23, 2012. Monika has sex and performs various sex acts with various men in and around the convent. Various nuns witness this causing them to question their faith and break their repression. Monika has a sexual relationship with another sister and blackmails her  if she does not comply with her demands. Later a mysterious man, armed with a gun visits the convent. He has sex with Monika; witnessed by most nuns in the convent. Monika is later dismissed. Emanuelle later leaves at her own free-will.Suor-Emanuelle - Trailer and review. New York Times. Accessed March 23, 2012.'] ['Emmanuelle flies to Bangkok to meet her husband Jean, a diplomat, who asks her if she had any other lovers while she was in Paris; she replies that she has not. In Bangkok, Emmanuelle finds herself bored and somewhat disgusted with the worldliness of her fellow French expatriates, until one day at a pool when she spies Bee, a Frenchwoman whom she is informed is outside of most of the expatriate circles. After taking a nude swim, she is approached by a pretty young girl named Marie-Ange, who asks to meet Emmanuelle at her house. Intrigued, Emmanuelle agrees. Marie-Ange arrives at the house and finds Emmanuelle sleeping, and takes advantage of the situation to feel the older woman\'s body. Emmanuelle wakes up and they go outside to the porch. Marie-Ange asks Emmanuelle if she has any photos of herself and Jean having sex, to which an incredulous Emmanuelle replies no. Marie-Ange takes a French magazine with a picture of Paul Newman and begins to masturbate in front of Emmanuelle, who watches, fascinated. Emmanuelle confesses to Marie-Ange that while she did not cheat on her husband in Paris, she did have sex with two strangers on the flight over to Bangkok. Emmanuelle begins to pleasure herself for Marie-Ange as she recounts the tryst. That night, Emmanuelle tells Jean about Marie-Ange, expressing her amazement at the younger girl\'s seemingly complete lack of shame, and Jean encourages her to pursue the friendship further. During a squash match the next day, Emmanuelle\'s friend Ariane comments on her being damp from sweat, and begins to feel her up. At a party soon afterwards, Marie-Ange introduces Emmanuelle to one of her older lovers, a gentleman named Mario, who tells her that he will send a car for her the next night, but Emmanuelle is unimpressed. She spies Bee and strikes up a conversation, wishing to meet with Bee in more private quarters. Bee, an archaeologist, tells Emmanuelle that she is leaving the next day for a dig, but tells her to meet her at the klongs. When they meet up at the klongs, Emmanuelle follows Bee around, but Bee is uninterested in playing with Emmanuelle. Undeterred, Emmanuelle gets on Bee\'s jeep as she is about to leave for the dig site. Back at the house, Jean is angered that Emmanuelle has left without telling him anything. Suspecting that Ariane is behind it, he goes and demands answers from her, but Ariane tells him that all she has to offer is consolation sex. An enraged Jean takes her on a table. At first, Emmanuelle\'s affair with Bee is on rocky footing; they stop to go skinny-dipping on the way to the dig site, but when Emmanuelle tries to relax next to Bee while they dry off, she brushes her off, saying that they\'ve already lost time. After reaching the dig site, Bee starts to warm up to her new companion, but throughout the day, Emmanuelle distracts her from her work. They finally make love, but afterwards, Bee asks Emmanuelle to leave. Emmanuelle returns home in tears, feeling humiliated. Jean tries to comfort her, advising her that the best way to get over Bee is to take another lover. At the squash courts the following day, Emmanuelle and Ariane argue. Ariane is jealous that Emmanuelle ran off with Bee, as she herself had hoped to be Emmanuelle\'s first female lover, while Emmanuelle is displeased at Ariane for having sex with Jean. Ariane protests that it was more like rape than consensual sex, then advises Emmanuelle to meet with Mario, telling her that at his age, making love becomes so difficult that any man capable of it must be an artist. Later, Emmanuelle consults with Jean, who has decided to encourage the relationship between her and Mario by leaving her with him for two days. She expresses a desire to take Marie-Ange as her new lover instead, but Jean informs her that Marie-Ange has gone off on a trip with her parents - a fact that he knows because he has slept with her - and so Emmanuelle resigns herself to a meeting with Mario. At their first dinner together, Mario tells Emmanuelle that monogamy will soon die out. He tells her that she must learn to let lust, rather than guilt or reason, guide her when it comes to sex. This, he says, will lead her to greater levels of pleasure than she ever imagined possible. To begin instilling this lesson in her, he takes her to an opium den, where she is raped by one of the denizens while he watches. Later, Mario takes Emmanuelle to a makeshift boxing ring, where he talks two young men into fighting each other for the right to have sex with her. At Mario\'s insistence, Emmanuelle chooses one of the men as her favorite, then watches as they fight. Her chosen champion prevails, and she is so aroused by his willingness to fight for her that she licks the blood from a wound on his forehead and then allows him to take her from behind. She soon climaxes and drops to the floor with exhaustion. Sometime later, Emmanuelle is awakened by Mario, who takes her into another room. She is told to undress, so that she can change into a dress with a zipper down the back, allowing Mario to strip her naked in an instant. This, she understands, is in preparation for her next sexual encounter. Emmanuelle protests that she is tired, and asks Mario if he himself will ever have sex with her, to which Mario replies that he is waiting for the "next Emmanuelle"  As the movie ends, Emmanuelle sits at a mirror and begins applying makeup, hoping that by following Mario\'s instructions, she will reach the higher levels of pleasure that he has promised.'] ["Two college girls, Ducky and Ginger, meet their naive friend, Sarah, at a Southern California beach house. The house belongs to Sarah's uncle and to their luck has allowed them to use his house for the summer while he is gone. Soon after Ducky and Ginger arrive, the two plan the first of many wild parties, but not without some resistance from Sarah. The two continue the plans for more partying including inviting assorted misfits, delivery persons, and people just passing by. Eventually, Sarah's resistance fades and joins in on the wild parties."] ['In the original "adult" film, the plot indicates that during the 1930\'s, in America, there was a sect composed of rich and eccentric libertines. They rejected any idea of love, considered artistic creation as a form of evil and tried to find in total sexual freedom the ecstasy of pure being. Following a conference that they called in New York in 1937, all members of the sect disappeared. Years later a journalist tracked them down to a secret location in the forests of South America. He too was never heard of again. "This film is the story of some of their daughters" From out of a mist a huge flying boat wings its way through the nighttime sky. Inside, resplendent in art deco gowns and perfect make-up, Spermula and her cohorts are on their way back to \'civilization\'. Their mission...? To bring their message of peace and freedom to a world gone mad. Their method...? To \'spermulise\' men. That is, to draw off the sexual essence that causes aggression, acquisitiveness and jealousy. They take up residence in a huge mansion, whose neighbors include the town\'s mayor, his unhappy and abused wife, his venal, social climbing assistant and a fat and frustrated widow who has incestuous designs on her lazy son. Gradually Spermula and co. draw together the strands of the plot that finally ends in a huge orgy in which everyone gets what they want - or at least what they deserve. Unfortunately, the women become corrupted by this contact with the outside world and their beautiful leader, Spermula, falls in love with a young artist and sacrifices her immortality for a night of passion with him. ------------------------------- In the later re-edited version, the story is that there is a planet, called Spermula, that is facing destruction and the Spermulites plan to relocate to Earth. To do this, their leader Big Mother has come up with a plan: she transforms Spermulites into women and demands they suck out men\'s semen, thus making men tired and lazy from sexual exhaustion and unable to procreate. One of the Spermulites is transformed into a man, Werner , instead of a woman, and introduces the Spermulites to sexual intercourse.'] ["The film is about a young woman's  sexual awakening. She experiements in a range of sexual practices and taboos."] ["Lucy  is a frustrated erotic novelist exploring whether a weekend of sexual passion with Sloan , a bisexual poet, can liberate her from writer's block."] ["In their castle, a wealthy couple ([[Frank Wolff  watch a blue movie with their adult son, played by Paolo Turco. Later that evening at a local carnival, they spot a woman  who appears to be one of the performers in the film and decide to take her home with them. Although a subsequent viewing of the film calls the woman's identity into question, their house guest quickly succeeds in seducing the various members of the family, resulting in the revelation of certain facts, fears and desires."] ["Sylvia  is involved in a tormented love affair with Marc. She has tried to end their love, and escape, but always ends up back with him. After an encounter at a Los Angeles party, she decides she's had enough - she will go to Brazil and get extensive plastic surgery. This way he will never recognize her again, much less find her, and it will make for a great article which she promises to hand in to a California newspaper. Sylvia goes through with it, and becomes a new woman named Emmanuelle ; she is now a twenty year old virgin. She plans to take on all of Brazil in a series of sexual escapades that will purge her past."] ['The film is set in or about the year 2030. The multinational Genom Corporation is developing a product called the "I.K.U. Chip", which is plugged into a portable device allowing consumers to download and experience orgasms from the I.K.U. server without need of physical contact. The corporation sends their cybernetic shapeshifter Reiko, known as an I.K.U. Coder or replicant, to collect orgasm-related information catering to various sexual orientations. To collect the data Reiko transforms into an appearance pleasing to an individual or couple, engages the target in sexual relations and transforms her right hand and forearm into a penis which is inserted into the recipient\'s vagina or anus during climax. Reiko is directed on her missions by Genom employee Dizzy, known as an I.K.U. Runner. She has sex with various people such as a salaryman and a stripper, a young couple, a drug dealer and a hustler named Akira and a former museum curator–cum-hobo. She meets and is helped along the way by a retired I.K.U. Coder named Mash. Reiko is lured to a night club and seduced by Tokyo Rose, an agent of the rival Bio Link Corporation, who shuts her down with a computer virus and steals her data. Mash recovers Reiko and teaches her how to reboot herself through masturbation. Reiko manages to obtain enough data to complete her mission by having sex with Akira the Hustler, a sushi shop patron and Mash. Dizzy then extracts the data with a retrieval device called a Dildo Gun. Afterward, Reiko is retired and shut down. The Genom Corporation begins selling I.K.U. Chips in vending machines everywhere. Reiko reboots herself.{{cite video}}'] 