['Set in the second half of the 22nd century, the film depicts Mars as a planet that has been 84% terraformed, allowing humans to walk on the surface without wearing pressure suits. The Martian society has become largely matriarchal, with women in most positions of authority. The story concerns a police officer, Melanie Ballard , second in command of a small team alongside Sergeant Jericho  sent to pick up and transport a prisoner named Desolation Williams . Arriving at the remote mining town where Williams is being held, Ballard finds virtually all of the people missing. She learns that the miners had discovered an underground doorway created by an ancient Martian civilization. When the door was opened it released "ghosts," disembodied spirits which possessed the miners. Violence ensues, as the possessed miners commit horrific acts of death and destruction, as well as self-mutilation. With their team leader Helena Bradock  murdered, Ballard must fight off the attacking miners, escape the town, and destroy the ghosts, if possible. Unfortunately, her intentions are complicated by the fact that killing a possessed human merely releases the Martian spirit to possess another human. The team eventually decides to blow up a nuclear reactor to try and vaporize all of the ghosts. At several points in the film Sergeant Jericho shows a romantic interest in Ballard, mostly unreciprocated. Ballard\'s crew along with survivors who manage to gather in the jail are eventually wiped out by the miners after many fierce battles and events , leaving only her and Williams after Sergeant Jericho and the other remaining officers and the two operators of the train are killed upon returning from a brief retreat to finish the fight. Not wanting the authorities to blame the massacre on him, he handcuffs Ballard to her cot and escapes from the train, leaving her to return home and deliver her report, which is received with skepticism by her superiors. While Ballard recuperates at a hospital, the released spirits, who weren\'t destroyed after all, attack the city. The end scene sets the movie up for a sequel as Williams returns to team up with Ballard to fight the possessed.'] ['In the future, Federal Marshal William O\'Niel  is assigned to a tour of duty in a titanium ore mining outpost on the Jovian moon of Io. Conditions on Io are difficult: gravity is 1/6 that of Earth\'s with no breathable atmosphere, spacesuits are cumbersome, and miners carry their own air supply. Shifts are long, but significant bonuses are paid. Sheppard  boasts that since he took over the running of Io, productivity has broken all previous records. The film begins with a miner named Tarlow suffering an attack of delirium tremens ripping open his work-suit, resulting in his death by decompression. Later, another miner, Cane, goes outside without his spacesuit, and likewise dies from decompression. With the assistance of Dr. Lazarus , O\'Niel investigates the deaths. However, another incident happens involving a worker, Sagan, who takes a prostitute hostage and threatens to kill her with a knife. O\'Niel attempts to calm the man by the main door, while Montone , O\'Niel\'s sergeant, sneaks in via the air duct. Montone kills Sagan with a shotgun before O\'Niel can talk with him. O\'Niel and Lazarus discover that all of the deaths had one thing in common, traces of an amphetamine-type drug in the bloodstream, allowing the miners to work continuously for days at a time, until they "burn out" and turn psychotic. O\'Niel uncovers a drug distribution ring run by Sheppard and sanctioned by Montone. Using surveillance cameras, O\'Niel finds and captures one of Sheppard\'s dealers, placing him in isolation. But before he can be questioned the dealer is killed. Montone is then found garroted. O\'Niel does find and destroy the latest shipment of drugs which were hidden in a food shipment from the Jupiter space station. When Sheppard finds out what O\'Niel did he calls in professional hitmen to kill him. O\'Niel is ready, though, since he has been monitoring Sheppard\'s communications. At this point, the movie evolves into a High Noon scenario as O\'Niel waits as a digital clock countdowns the time for the arrival of a shuttle from the space station on the other side of Jupiter. Knowing the assassins are on their way on the arriving shuttle, and with only Dr. Lazarus willing to help him, as his "last act" O\'Niel sends a message to his wife and son, promising them that he will join them on the trip home to Earth. When the hit men arrive, O\'Niel tracks them and ambushes each, killing them one by one. He is then confronted by Sheppard\'s "inside man", who turns out to be one of his own deputies, Sgt. Ballard. The two fight outside the base until O\'Niel pulls Ballard\'s oxygen hose, suffocating him. O\'Niel then confronts the surprised Sheppard in the base recreation bar, knocking him out with one punch. It is implied that Sheppard will now either be murdered by his own accomplices or brought to justice. O\'Niel retires and leaves on the shuttle to join his wife and son on the trip back to Earth.'] ['In the 26th century, humanity has left an overpopulated Earth and moved to a new solar system, colonizing many planets and moons. The Alliance has won a war with the less established planets of outer star systems. A young girl named River Tam is the most promising of a number of young people being mentally and physically conditioned by Alliance scientists. Rescued by her brother Simon, the two find refuge aboard the Firefly-class transport ship Serenity, captained by Malcolm "Mal" Reynolds. An Alliance agent, the Operative, is tasked with neutralizing River, as she has been visited by high Alliance politicians and may have learned certain top secrets due to her psychic abilities. Aboard Serenity, Mal takes River along on a bank robbery against her brother\'s objections. They are attacked by another group of raiders: Reavers, animalistic humans who savagely eat their victims alive. They escape, but Simon decides that he and River will leave Serenity at the next port. While Mal meets fences Fanty and Mingo at a bar, a TV commercial causes River to attack the patrons with superbly effective martial arts. Before she can shoot Mal, Simon arrives and shouts a "safe word" which causes her to fall asleep. Mal carries River back to Serenity, but the incident is captured on camera. The crew contacts a reclusive hacker known as Mr. Universe who analyzes the commercial and discovers a subliminal message being broadcast across Alliance space designed to trigger River. He notes that River whispered "Miranda" before attacking. Mal receives a call from Inara, a former passenger. Suspecting a trap but fearing she is in danger, Mal goes to her and is confronted by the Operative. The Operative offers to let Mal go free if he turns River over, but thanks to Inara\'s quick thinking, she and Mal escape. After another of River\'s outbursts, the crew discover that Miranda is a remote planet thought to have been rendered uninhabitable as the result of a terraforming accident. Serenity returns to Haven, a mining colony and home of Shepherd Book, a former passenger and friend. They discover, however, that the outpost has been destroyed and the residents slaughtered. The Operative has ordered the deaths of all of Mal\'s contacts to deny him a safe haven and promises that he will continue to pursue them until he gets River. The way to Miranda is blocked by a region swarming with Reavers, so Mal disguises Serenity as a Reaver ship. After sailing through a fleet of Reaver vessels, the crew discovers a habitable planet, but only corpses strew its cities. They discover a log recorded by an Alliance survey team explaining that the Alliance administered a chemical designed to suppress aggression in the residents, which worked too well, making them so passive they stopped working, stopped reproducing, and eventually simply laid down and died of dehydration. However, 0.1% of the population instead reacted by becoming hyper-aggressive and unstable, explaining the origin of the Reavers. Mal contacts Mr. Universe to arrange to have the log broadcast to everyone, but the Operative is already there and has Mr. Universe lure them in. Mal knows Serenity is heading into a trap, so he opens fire on one of the Reaver ships. The Reavers pursue Serenity to Mr. Universe\'s planet where they engage the waiting Alliance fleet. The Operative\'s ship is destroyed, but he survives in an escape pod. Serenity is damaged by a pursuing Reaver ship, but manages to crash land. Pilot Wash is killed by the Reavers. Finding Mr. Universe dead and his equipment wrecked, Mal learns of a secret backup transmitter from a message recorded by the dying Mr. Universe. The crew makes a stand against the Reavers to buy Mal the time to send the message. After a firefight, the crew retreat behind a set of blast doors, but the doors only partially close. Zoe and Kaylee are wounded. Simon discovers he has left his medical kit behind; as he rises to retrieve it, he is shot. He apologizes to River for failing her. She replies that it is her turn to take care of him. She charges through the opening in the blast doors, triggers the closing mechanism and throws the medical kit to Simon before the Reavers drag her away. Mal reaches the transmitter, but The Operative is close behind. In hand-to-hand combat, Mal manages to disable his opponent and bind him to a railing, forcing him to watch the recording. Mal returns to his crew. The blast doors open to reveal that River has dispatched all of the Reavers. The wall behind her explodes, and Alliance troops rush in. The Operative, realizing he has been lied to by the government, orders his men to stand down. After the crew erect memorials to their dead friends on Mr. Universe\'s moon, they patch up Serenity. Kaylee and Simon consummate their relationship. The disillusioned Operative tells Mal that the Alliance government has been weakened and that he will try his best to present his former foe in the best light, but cannot guarantee that others will not be sent after Mal and his crew. Serenity lifts off with River as Mal\'s new copilot.'] ['Space travel has become a dirty way of life dominated by derelicts, grease monkeys, thieves, and hard-boiled interplanetary traders such as Samuel Curtis , an astronaut from Earth who deals in rare goods, living or otherwise. His mission begins with the unlikely delivery of a cat to a small outer-belt asteroid saloon where he meets his former dance partner, and renowned interplanetary fruit thief, the Blueberry Pirate . As payment for his delivery of the cat, Curtis receives a homemade cloning device already in the process of creating a creature most rare in this space quadrant — a Real Live Girl. At the suggestion of the Blueberry Pirate, Curtis takes the Real Live Girl to Jupiter where women have long been a mystery. There, he proposes a trade with the owner of Jupiter: the Real Live Girl clone for the Boy Who Actually Saw A Woman’s Breast . The Boy Who Actually Saw A Woman’s Breast is regarded as royalty on the all-male mining planet of Jupiter because of his unique and exotic contact with a woman. It is Curtis’ intention to take The Boy to Venus and trade him for the remains of Johnny R., a man who spent his lifetime serving as a human stud for the Southern belles of Venus, a planet populated only by women. Upon returning Johnny R’s body to his bereaved family on earth, Curtis will receive a handsome reward. While hashing out the plan with the Blueberry Pirate, Curtis is spotted by his nemesis, Professor Hess . Possessed by an enigmatic obsession with Curtis, Hess is capable of killing only without reason; that is, unless his intended victim is someone with whom he has unresolved issues. Hess has been pursuing Samuel Curtis throughout the solar system in order that he might forgive him, then kill him. Along the way, Hess has executed each and every individual to come into contact with Curtis. Unaware of this danger, Curtis sets forth on his mission. After retrieving The Boy Who Actually Saw A Woman’s Breast from Jupiter, Curtis is contacted by Professor Hess, who makes his intentions known. Fearful, Curtis and The Boy look for a place to hide. They come across a primitive space station constructed by Nevada State silver miners from the late 1800s. Inside they discover a small group of miners still alive, their bodies crippled and deformed by space atrophy. Unable to return home for fear that Earth’s gravity would kill them, two of the miners mated and give birth to a boy known as Body Suit . He has been raised in a suit of hydraulics to simulate Earth\'s gravity with his parent\'s intention of him eventually being sent home. In trade for supplies and sanctuary, Curtis agrees to deliver Body Suit to Earth. Once they land on the lush planet of Venus, the terrain dramatically changes, and Curtis is inspired by a plan. "The American Astronaut Press Kit", "Artistic License Films.com", 2008.'] ['In the year 2021 the moon is in the process of being colonized, and this new frontier is attracting a diverse group of people to settlements such as Moon City, Farside 5 and others. Two such denizens of this rough and tumble lunar society are the notorious millionaire J. J. Hubbard and former-astronaut-turned-satellite-salvager Bill Kemp. The first man to set foot on Mars, Kemp has now left the Space Corporation because he wants to do space exploration whereas his former employer only wants to do commercial passenger flights to Mars and Venus (the first manned mission to [[Mercury . When Hubbard hears of a small 6000-tonne asteroid made of pure sapphire that is orbiting close to the moon, he hires Kemp to capture it using Kemp\'s old "Moon 02" space ferry and bring it down to the lunar farside although it would be against the law. However, Kemp has little choice since he has learned that his flight license soon will be revoked due to protests from the Corporation. Hubbard also reveals that he plans to use the sapphire as a rocket engine thermal insulator; he would build more powerful rockets capable of finally colonizing also Mercury and moons of Jupiter—for profit. Meanwhile a young woman arrives looking for her brother, a miner working a distant patch of moonscape at Spectacle Crater on the lunar farside. Unfortunately, the trip from Moon City on the nearside would take six days by lunar buggy. Since Kemp could go there in 20 minutes using Moon 02, she convinces him to try to learn whether her brother is still alive. In doing so, Kemp learns more than he would like about some of Hubbard\'s schemes.'] ['The crew of the starship USS Enterprise enjoys shore leave after the ship\'s shakedown cruise goes poorly. Captain James T. Kirk is camping with Spock and Dr. Leonard McCoy at Yosemite National Park. Their leave is interrupted when Enterprise is ordered by Starfleet Command to rescue three ambassadors  who are held as hostages on the planet Nimbus III. In space, the Klingon Captain Klaa is bored destroying space refuse and longs for a real battle; when he learns Enterprise is heading to Nimbus III he decides to fight Kirk for personal glory and sets his ship on an intercept course. Enterprise successfully breaches the barrier, pursued by Klaa\'s vessel, and discovers a planet within. Sybok, Kirk, Spock, and McCoy journey to the surface, where Sybok calls out to his perceived vision of God. An entity appears, and when told of how Sybok breached the barrier, demands that the starship be brought closer to the planet. When a skeptical Kirk inquires, "What does God need with a starship?" the entity attacks him. The others doubt that a being who would inflict harm for pleasure could be God.'] ['The story has been described as a science fiction Western.{{cite web}} It is, arguably, better termed a space Western, due to its extra-Terran location. Set in the year 3031 on a frontier planet light years away from Earth, a bizarre gang of futuristic desperadoes have their sight set on turning the tumbleweed town of Oblivion into their own private playground.Found footage The Original Cowboys And Aliens Movie This film is set in a frontier town, Oblivion, which resembles the Old West, on a planet "light years" from Earth. The action begins with the murder of the town\'s Marshal Stone by a power-hungry villain called Red Eye . Using a substance prized on the planet—which also happens to short out electrical devices—Red Eye cheats his way to victory during a showdown on the street, killing Stone and disabling his cyborg deputy, Stell . He and his cronies begin to bully and persuade the townspeople into allowing him to take over the town. Oblivion\'s mortician, Gaunt, who possesses supernatural ability to foresee death, seeks out the Marshal\'s son, Zack , who is prospecting in the wilderness. Meanwhile, Zack saves a "native," Buteo , from an untimely death by giant scorpion. They team up just before Gaunt arrives with the news of Marshal Stone\'s death, and they all journey together to Oblivion for the funeral. During a misadventure in a saloon along the way, Zack avoids violence, even when harangued by one of Red Eye\'s henchmen. After attending his father\'s funeral, Zack visits his old friend Doc Valentine , an inventor whose technology had failed to protect the Marshal. At the local whorehouse, a townswoman, Mattie , learns that Zack is not a coward, but an empath, who feels everything that those around him experience. This leads him to abhor violence. Buteo learns that one of Red Eye\'s associates had been responsible for the deaths of his wife and children, and seeks revenge. Challenging him to a fair fight, Buteo triumphs and his opponent is killed. Red Eye and his gang capture Buteo in retaliation, place him in stocks, and whip him. Sensing that something unsavoury is going on, Zack confronts his fears, saving Buteo and shooting many of the townspeople who had taken Red Eye\'s side. Apparently having won a victory, Zack celebrates until he learns that Mattie has been taken by Red Eye into the Badlands. He and his friends rush to save her, and in the process defeat all of the villains for good.'] ['The farmers of the peaceful planet Akir  are threatened by the space tyrant Sador and his army of mutants, the Malmori. Sador\'s huge ship carries a weapon called a "Stellar Converter", which literally turns planets into small suns. He threatens to use the Converter unless the planet submits to him when he returns in several days. Zed, the last Akira warrior, the "Star Corsairs", is old and nearly blind. He suggests they hire mercenaries to protect the planet. Lacking valuable resources, they can only offer food and shelter in payment. Unable to go himself, Zed offers his ship, which has an artificial Intelligence navigation and tactical computer named Nell, for the job if they can find a pilot. The ship is fast and well-armed but cannot defeat Sador alone. Shad, a young man who has piloted the ship and is well known to "Nell", volunteers for the recruiting mission. Shad takes off, unaware Sador left a fighter behind to watch over the planet. The mutants Kalo and Tembo pursue Shad, but he is able to outrun them and they return to Akir to continue watching. Shad\'s first stop is the Hephaestus space station, which repairs androids. Expecting to find potential allies, Shad instead finds only two humans among the androids, Doctor Hephaestus  kept on life support and his beautiful daughter Nanelia. The doctor attempts to force Shad to mate with his daughter. He doesn\'t want to abandon his people, so Shad escapes, with Nanelia following in her own ship. Although she has no weapons, her computer systems are highly advanced and might be useful. The two split up to look for more mercenaries. Shad comes across Space Cowboy, portrayed by George Peppard, from Earth. He is a spacegoing truck driver, who wears a Stetson hat, plays the harmonica and has a fondness for western films. Shad saves Cowboy and his ship, an armed star freighter, from several hijackers. Shad learns that Cowboy is late delivering a shipment of laserguns to a planet which, as they watch, Sador destroys with his weapon. Lacking the fuel to carry the weapons home, Cowboy offers to deliver them to Akir. Shad talks him into teaching the Akira to use the guns. Shad then meets a set of five alien clones who share a group consciousness named Nestor. They admit their life is incredibly dull, since their whole race shares one mind. In order to be entertained, they have sent five members to join Shad\'s cause. Nestor does not need payment, saying they are completely self sufficient. Back orbiting Akir, Kalo and Tembo observe a wedding ceremony being conducted by Shad\'s sister Mol. Their ship swoops down and beams Mol aboard before they return to orbit. Meanwhile, Shad stops at a planet known for its criminal activity. He discovers a nearly abandoned world being used as a hideout by Gelt , a wealthy assassin who is so well known he can\'t show his face on any civilized planet. Gelt gladly offers his services in trade for the ability to live peacefully hiding among the Akira. Gelt\'s space ship is highly maneuverable and well armed. Shad is then approached by Saint-Exmin, of the Valkyrie warriors. She is a pushy young girl looking to prove herself in battle. She pilots a small, barely armed, but extremely fast star ship. Shad finds her annoying and wishes she would go away, but she tags along. While waiting for Shad\'s return, Nanelia had been captured by a reptilian slaver named Cayman. Cayman possesses a powerful old ship with an eclectic crew of aliens. She quickly recruits Cayman to their cause when he learns that they are looking for mercenaries to fight Sador. The only payment Cayman wants is Sador\'s head, since Sador\'s forces had destroyed Cayman\'s home world. The fleet of seven ships return to Akir. In the orbiting Malmori fighter, Tembo is raping Mol when Kalo detects the approaching mercenaries. They try to escape, but their ship is destroyed by the pursuing Gelt. Shad takes the mercenaries down to the surface, but they are greeted with caution by the natives, who are not used to violent species. Eventually, Sador returns, but his fleet of fighters is intercepted by Shad and his new friends. In the opening battle, despite skillfully destroying several of Sador\'s ships, Gelt\'s ship is badly damaged by enemy fire. He is mortally wounded when his ship crashes. After Gelt dies, Shad orders the people to make a feast for Gelt and bury him in a place of honor. When the Akira ask why Shad explains that his agreement for Gelt\'s services was food and a home on Akir. Meanwhile, Cowboy and the Akiran natives, armed with his laser guns, fight off Sador\'s invading ground forces. Sador survives an assassination attempt by one of the captured Nestors and launches all of his ships in retaliation against the planet. The Akira ground troops, lead by Cowboy, defeat Sador\'s army, but Zed is killed in the fighting. There is another huge space battle and the mercenaries\' ships are being destroyed one by one. Cowboy, piloting his armed star freighter, leads a strafing run on Sador\'s flagship. Cowboy\'s ship is severely damaged and he quietly sits on the bridge playing his harmonica as his damaged ship tumbles into deep space. However, the mercenaries are successful in destroying all of Sador\'s star fighers and the Stellar Converter, leaving only Sador\'s flagship. Shad and Nanelia, flying in Zed\'s Corsair, are captured by the flagship in a tractor beam. The pair escape in a lifepod after Shad orders Nell to activate the crippled Corsair\'s self-destruct program. The Corsair blows up, destroying Sador\'s ship. As Shad and Nanelia return to Akir, Nanelia despairs over the deaths of their friends. Shad tells her that the Akira believe that no one is truly dead when they are remembered and beloved by the living. The Akira will remember the sacrifices made by the mercenaries and honor them forever.'] ["Stratten played a lifelike, voluptuous android named Galaxina who is assigned to oversee the operations of an intergalactic Space Police cruiser captained by incompetent Cornelius Butt . When a mission requires the ship's crew to be placed in suspended animation for decades, Galaxina finds herself developing emotions and falling in love with the ship's pilot, Thor , as he and the other crew sleep."] ['Set in the 22nd century, the film opens with the destruction of a space cruise liner that collides with a meteor. The only apparent survivors are three beautiful women – Nova , Reena , and Meagan  – who get away in an escape pod and land on the nearest habitable planet. There, they are quickly accosted by the hostile natives and taken aboard a sail-driven vehicle resembling a pirate ship on rails. In space, an alert goes out for the safe return of the women with a reward of 3,000 "mega-credits". A small time salvage operator named Wolff  intercepts the message and heads to the planet. Joining him is his female engineer Chalmers , who learns the planet – called Terra XI – is a failed colony that fell victim to a deadly plague and civil warfare. Wolff risks the dangers believing the reward will solve his debt problems. After landing on the barren world, Wolff and Chalmers set out in a 4-wheel drive vehicle called the "Scrambler". Soon, they join a battle in progress between a group of marauders  and a band of nomads . The Zoners take the women before Wolff can stop them and fly away on jet-powered hang-gliders. Wolff learns from the Scavs that the women were taken into "The Zone" which is ruled by "Overdog" – their sworn enemy. Returning to the Scrambler, Wolff finds Chalmers –\xa0who is really an android –\xa0has been "killed". Wolff continues on alone, but soon catches a teenage Scav named Niki  trying to steal his Scrambler. She convinces Wolff that he needs a tracker if he is to survive The Zone and Wolff reluctantly takes her lead. In the meantime, the three women are taken before "The Chemist" , the chief henchman of Overdog who administers pacifying drugs to the girls and prepares them for Overdog\'s pleasure. Elsewhere, Wolff and Niki make camp, but soon come under attack by a strange plow-like vehicle. Wolff manages to disable the machine and learns the driver is a former military acquaintance of his – a soldier named Washington , who reveals he too has come to rescue the women. His only problem is that he crashed his ship and has no way off world. Wolff refuses to help his rival and leaves him to fend for himself. Back in The Zone, the women are taken to see the Overdog , who is revealed to be a hideous cyborg, almost entirely machine, with two metal claws for hands. Still led by Niki, Wolff gets into more predicaments – from being attacked by mutated blob-like beings, to strange mermaid-like women and their giant water dragon. He even loses his trusty Scrambler and is forced to continue on foot. Eventually, they are found by Washington and Wolff finds the situation reversed as he now begs his rival for help. Washington assists, but only if Wolff cuts him in 50/50 on the reward. Wolff and Washington team up and sneak into Overdog\'s fortress where they find the Zoners entertained by captured prisoners forced to run through a deadly maze of lethal obstacles, hazards and traps. Wolff spots the women being held in a cage and forms a rescue plan, but a bored Niki  decides to snoop around. She is captured and sent into the maze. Wolff spots Niki in the maze and tries to rescue her, but she uses her prowess to reach the end where Overdog congratulates her and drags her back to his lair. There, she is hooked to a machine that slowly drains her life energy. The energy in turn recharges Overdog. Wolff comes to the rescue and jabs a sparking power cable into one of Overdog\'s claws. The power feedback fries Overdog and thus causes cascading blowouts throughout the entire fortress. As the complex explodes, the three heroes, and the three rescued women, manage to get away. In the end, Wolff invites Niki to stay with him and she agrees since they made good partners.'] [' The film begins with an opening crawl explaining that the galaxy is in a state of civil war and that spies for the Rebel Alliance have stolen plans to the Galactic Empire\'s Death Star, a heavily armed and armored space station capable of annihilating an entire planet. Rebel leader Princess Leia  is in possession of the plans, but her ship is captured by Imperial forces under the command of the evil lord Darth Vader . Before she is captured, Leia hides the plans in the memory of an astromech droid called R2-D2 , along with a holographic recording. The small droid flees to the surface of the desert planet Tatooine with fellow protocol droid C-3PO . The droids are quickly captured by Jawa traders, who sell the pair to moisture farmers Owen and Beru Lars ([[Phil Brown  and their nephew, Luke Skywalker . While Luke is cleaning R2-D2, he accidentally triggers part of Leia\'s message, in which she requests help from Obi-Wan Kenobi. The only "Kenobi" Luke knows of is an old hermit named Ben Kenobi  who lives in the nearby hills. The next morning, upon finding R2-D2 after he escapes to seek Obi-Wan, Luke meets Ben Kenobi, revealing himself to be Obi-Wan. Obi-Wan tells Luke of his days as a Jedi Knight, one of a faction of former galactic peacekeepers who were wiped out by the Empire. Contrary to his uncle\'s statements, Luke learns that his father Anakin Skywalker fought alongside Obi-Wan as a Jedi Knight before he was betrayed and killed by Vader, Obi-Wan\'s former pupil who turned to the "dark side of the Force", and gives Luke his father\'s lightsaber. Obi-Wan views Leia\'s complete message in which she begs Obi-Wan to take the Death Star plans to her home planet of Alderaan for her father to retrieve and analyze. He then asks Luke to accompany him and learn the ways of the Force. Luke initially refuses, but changes his mind after discovering that Imperial stormtroopers have destroyed his home and killed his aunt and uncle in search of C-3PO and R2-D2. Obi-Wan and Luke hire smuggler Han Solo  and his Wookiee first mate Chewbacca ([[Peter Mayhew  to transport them on their ship, the Millennium Falcon. Upon the Falcon{{\'}}s arrival at Alderaan, they find that the planet has been destroyed under the orders of the Death Star\'s commanding officer Grand Moff Tarkin  to demonstrate the Death Star\'s power. The Falcon is caught by the nearby Death Star\'s tractor beam and brought into its hangar bay. While Obi-Wan goes off to disable the tractor beam, Luke discovers that Leia is imprisoned on board and, with the help of Han and Chewbacca, rescues her. After several harrowing escapes, they make their way back to the Falcon, but Obi-Wan sacrifices himself in a lightsaber duel with Vader. The Falcon escapes the Death Star but the Empire has placed a tracking device on the ship to follow them to the rebels\' hidden base on Yavin IV. The rebels analyze the Death Star plans, disclosing a vulnerable exhaust port leading to the station\'s main reactor. Luke joins the assault team, but Han collects his reward for the rescue and plans to leave despite Luke asking him to stay. The rebels suffer heavy losses after several failed attack runs, leaving Luke one of the few surviving pilots. Vader and a group of TIE fighters are about to destroy Luke\'s ship, but Han Solo returns at the last moment and destroys the TIE Fighters and the blast sends Vader spiraling away. Then Luke successfully destroys the Death Star seconds before it can fire on the rebel base. Luke and Han are subsequently awarded medals by Leia for their heroism.'] ['According to the official website:  A dangerous mission reunites Stingray Sam with his long lost accomplice, The Quasar Kid. Follow these two space-convicts as they earn their freedom in exchange for the rescue of a young girl who is being held captive by the genetically designed figurehead of a very wealthy planet.<ref namehttp://www.stingraysam.com/info.shtml|title2008-11-17|work2008-11-17}}  The six episodes are entitled: *Episode 1: Factory Fugitives *Episode 2: The Forbidden Chromosome *Episode 3: The Famous Carpenter *Episode 4: Corporate Mascot Rehabilitation Program *Episode 5: Shake Your Shackles *Episode 6: Heart of a Stingray'] 