['In the 26th century, humanity has left an overpopulated Earth and moved to a new solar system, colonizing many planets and moons. The Alliance has won a war with the less established planets of outer star systems. A young girl named River Tam is the most promising of a number of young people being mentally and physically conditioned by Alliance scientists. Rescued by her brother Simon, the two find refuge aboard the Firefly-class transport ship Serenity, captained by Malcolm "Mal" Reynolds. An Alliance agent, the Operative, is tasked with neutralizing River, as she has been visited by high Alliance politicians and may have learned certain top secrets due to her psychic abilities. Aboard Serenity, Mal takes River along on a bank robbery against her brother\'s objections. They are attacked by another group of raiders: Reavers, animalistic humans who savagely eat their victims alive. They escape, but Simon decides that he and River will leave Serenity at the next port. While Mal meets fences Fanty and Mingo at a bar, a TV commercial causes River to attack the patrons with superbly effective martial arts. Before she can shoot Mal, Simon arrives and shouts a "safe word" which causes her to fall asleep. Mal carries River back to Serenity, but the incident is captured on camera. The crew contacts a reclusive hacker known as Mr. Universe who analyzes the commercial and discovers a subliminal message being broadcast across Alliance space designed to trigger River. He notes that River whispered "Miranda" before attacking. Mal receives a call from Inara, a former passenger. Suspecting a trap but fearing she is in danger, Mal goes to her and is confronted by the Operative. The Operative offers to let Mal go free if he turns River over, but thanks to Inara\'s quick thinking, she and Mal escape. After another of River\'s outbursts, the crew discover that Miranda is a remote planet thought to have been rendered uninhabitable as the result of a terraforming accident. Serenity returns to Haven, a mining colony and home of Shepherd Book, a former passenger and friend. They discover, however, that the outpost has been destroyed and the residents slaughtered. The Operative has ordered the deaths of all of Mal\'s contacts to deny him a safe haven and promises that he will continue to pursue them until he gets River. The way to Miranda is blocked by a region swarming with Reavers, so Mal disguises Serenity as a Reaver ship. After sailing through a fleet of Reaver vessels, the crew discovers a habitable planet, but only corpses strew its cities. They discover a log recorded by an Alliance survey team explaining that the Alliance administered a chemical designed to suppress aggression in the residents, which worked too well, making them so passive they stopped working, stopped reproducing, and eventually simply laid down and died of dehydration. However, 0.1% of the population instead reacted by becoming hyper-aggressive and unstable, explaining the origin of the Reavers. Mal contacts Mr. Universe to arrange to have the log broadcast to everyone, but the Operative is already there and has Mr. Universe lure them in. Mal knows Serenity is heading into a trap, so he opens fire on one of the Reaver ships. The Reavers pursue Serenity to Mr. Universe\'s planet where they engage the waiting Alliance fleet. The Operative\'s ship is destroyed, but he survives in an escape pod. Serenity is damaged by a pursuing Reaver ship, but manages to crash land. Pilot Wash is killed by the Reavers. Finding Mr. Universe dead and his equipment wrecked, Mal learns of a secret backup transmitter from a message recorded by the dying Mr. Universe. The crew makes a stand against the Reavers to buy Mal the time to send the message. After a firefight, the crew retreat behind a set of blast doors, but the doors only partially close. Zoe and Kaylee are wounded. Simon discovers he has left his medical kit behind; as he rises to retrieve it, he is shot. He apologizes to River for failing her. She replies that it is her turn to take care of him. She charges through the opening in the blast doors, triggers the closing mechanism and throws the medical kit to Simon before the Reavers drag her away. Mal reaches the transmitter, but The Operative is close behind. In hand-to-hand combat, Mal manages to disable his opponent and bind him to a railing, forcing him to watch the recording. Mal returns to his crew. The blast doors open to reveal that River has dispatched all of the Reavers. The wall behind her explodes, and Alliance troops rush in. The Operative, realizing he has been lied to by the government, orders his men to stand down. After the crew erect memorials to their dead friends on Mr. Universe\'s moon, they patch up Serenity. Kaylee and Simon consummate their relationship. The disillusioned Operative tells Mal that the Alliance government has been weakened and that he will try his best to present his former foe in the best light, but cannot guarantee that others will not be sent after Mal and his crew. Serenity lifts off with River as Mal\'s new copilot.'] ['In the year 3000, Earth has been ruled for 1,000 years by the Psychlos, a brutal race of giant humanoid aliens. The remnants of humanity are either enslaved by the Psychlos and used for manual labor or survive in primitive tribes living in remote areas outside Psychlo control. Jonnie Goodboy Tyler, a member of one such tribe, leaves his home in the Rocky Mountains on a journey of exploration. He joins forces with Carlo, a hunter, but both men are captured by a Psychlo raiding party and transported to a slave camp at the Psychlos\' main base on Earth, a giant dome built over the ruins of Denver, Colorado. Terl, the Psychlo security chief on Earth, has been condemned by his superiors to remain indefinitely at his post on Earth as punishment for an unclear incident involving "the Senator\'s daughter." Aided by his deputy, Ker, Terl devises a plan to buy his way off the planet by making a fortune using human slaves to mine gold in radioactive areas. Psychlos are unable to visit such areas due to the explosive interaction of the gas that they breathe with radionuclide particles. Terl selects Jonnie as his "foreman" for the project and gives him a Psychlo education using a rapid-learning machine. Terl gives Jonnie a party of slaves and a Psychlo flying shuttle and orders him to go out and find gold. After learning the Psychlos\' language, history, and myriad other educational forms from the rapid learning machine, Jonnie plots a human uprising against the Psychlos. He obtains gold from Fort Knox to satisfy Terl\'s demands, instead of mining gold as ordered. Jonnie and his followers find an abandoned underground US military base with working aircraft, weapons, fuel, and nuclear weapons. They use the base\'s flight simulators to train themselves in aerial combat. After a week of training, the rebels launch a mass uprising against the Psychlos using Harrier jump-jets and other weapons. Carlo sacrifices himself to destroy the dome over Denver, and the Psychlos inside suffocate in Earth\'s atmosphere, which they are unable to breathe. Jonnie captures a Psychlo teleportation device and uses it to teleport an atomic bomb to the Psychlo home world. The ensuing detonation causes the entire Psychlo atmosphere to explode, wiping out the planet. Ker and Terl survive on Earth but face different fates: Ker sides with the victorious humans, while Terl is imprisoned as a hostage within a vault in Fort Knox. The film ends with the humans in control of Earth but facing an uncertain future.'] [" The Galactic Republic is in turmoil. Following the invasion of Naboo ten years earlier, the former Jedi Knight Count Dooku  has now organized a Separatist movement against the Republic. The Galactic Senate debates a plan to create an army for the Republic to assist the Jedi against the Separatist threat. Senator Padmé Amidala, the former queen of Naboo and now a politician, returns to Coruscant to cast her vote. Upon her arrival, she narrowly escapes an assassination attempt, and Supreme Chancellor Palpatine assigns Obi-Wan Kenobi and his apprentice Anakin Skywalker  to protect her. Obi-Wan and Anakin subdue the assassin, Zam Wessell, during another assassination attempt. However, before she can give them any information, the assassin is killed by her employer using a poisonous dart. Obi-Wan learns that the dart was manufactured on the remote ocean planet of Kamino, and is assigned to investigate, while Anakin is assigned to escort Padmé back to her home planet of Naboo. Anakin relishes the opportunity to spend time with her, and they fall in love. In investigating Kamino, Obi-Wan discovers that it has been removed from the navigation maps of the Jedi archives. Yoda reveals that such a thing could only have been done by a Jedi, suggesting that a conspiracy is afoot. Obi-Wan heads to Kamino, where he discovers that an army of clone troopers is being secretly produced for the Republic, using a bounty hunter named Jango Fett  as their genetic template. Realizing that Jango is the assassin's employer, Obi-Wan tracks Jango and his son Boba  to Geonosis, a rocky planet where a new droid army is being created. Meanwhile, on Naboo, Anakin becomes troubled by premonitions of his mother Shmi in pain. Despite Obi-Wan's orders to remain on Naboo, Anakin and Padmé go to Tatooine. After meeting his new stepfather, Cliegg Lars ([[Jack Thompson , and stepbrother Owen Lars , Anakin learns Shmi had been kidnapped by Tusken Raiders some weeks earlier. Anakin heads out alone to rescue Shmi, but the Jedi snaps after witnessing the death of his mother at the hands of the Tuskens. He kills the tribe in a rage and buries his mother's body at the Lars homestead. Having learned that Count Dooku authorized the assassination attempt on Padmé and that the Separatists are developing a new battle droid army, Obi-Wan relays this information via hologram to Anakin, who transmits it to the Jedi Council. However, Obi-Wan is captured by Dooku mid-transmission. Dooku unsuccessfully attempts to make an ally of Obi-Wan, and reveals to him that the Republic is being secretly controlled by Darth Sidious. While Anakin and Padmé head to Geonosis to rescue Obi-Wan, Chancellor Palpatine is granted emergency powers to organize the clone army and send them into battle. Shortly after arriving on Geonosis, Anakin and Padmé are captured by Jango and sentenced to be executed along with Obi-Wan. Anakin and Padmé profess their love before being led into a large gladiatorial arena where they and Obi-Wan are pitted against gigantic beasts in a public execution. However, Mace Windu  and a team of Jedi appear and lead a strong defense against the beasts and the Separatists. Windu kills Jango Fett in a brief battle, but then the Jedi find themselves outnumbered by the Separatists' droid army. As Dooku demands their surrender, Yoda arrives with the clone army and rescues the survivors of the battle. After the arena is emptyed, Boba recovers the decapitated head of his father, and swears revenge for him. As a large battle erupts between the Republic's clone army and the Separatists' droid forces, Obi-Wan and Anakin engage Dooku in a lightsaber duel. Dooku defeats them both, injuring Obi-Wan and severing Anakin's right arm, but then Yoda arrives to challenge the Count. Unable to defeat Yoda, Dooku flees in his ship to Coruscant, taking the blueprints for an ultimate weapon with him. He is met in an isolated hangar by his Sith master, Darth Sidious, who states that everything is going as planned now that the galaxy is at war. As the Jedi gravely acknowledge the start of the Clone Wars, Palpatine oversees the launching of several battalions of clone troopers. Meanwhile, Anakin– now fitted with an artificial arm– and Padmé secretly marry on Naboo, with C-3PO and R2-D2 as witnesses."] [' Luke Skywalker initiates a plan to rescue Han Solo from the crime lord Jabba the Hutt with the help of Princess Leia, Lando Calrissian, Chewbacca, C-3PO and R2-D2. Leia infiltrates Jabba\'s palace on Tatooine disguised as a bounty hunter and releases Han from a block of carbonite, but she is captured and enslaved. Luke arrives soon afterward and allows himself to be captured. After Luke survives a battle with the Rancor, Jabba sentences Luke and Han to be executed by the Sarlacc. Luke breaks free and a large battle erupts, during which Leia strangles Jabba to death, Han knocks Boba Fett into the gaping maw of the Sarlacc and Luke destroys Jabba\'s sail barge. While Han and Leia meet with the other Rebels, Luke returns to Dagobah, only to find that Yoda is dying. With his last breaths, Yoda confirms that Darth Vader is Luke\'s father; he also mentions "another Skywalker". The spirit of Obi-Wan Kenobi reveals that the "other Skywalker" Yoda spoke of is Luke\'s twin sister, who Luke discovers is Leia. Obi-Wan then tells Luke that he must confront Vader again to defeat the Empire. The Rebel Alliance learns that the Empire has been constructing a new Death Star, and hatches a plan to destroy it. Han leads a strike team to destroy the battle station\'s shield generator on the forest moon of Endor, allowing a squadron of starfighters to enter the incomplete superstructure and destroy the station from within. The strike team, with Luke in tow, travels to Endor in an Imperial shuttle; Vader senses Luke\'s presence on the shuttle, but lets them through so that they will be ambushed by the Imperial forces lying in wait on Endor. Sensing Vader\'s presence, Luke fears he is endangering the mission. On Endor, Luke and his companions encounter a tribe of Ewoks and form a partnership with them. Later, Luke confesses to Leia that she is his sister, that Vader is their father and that he is leaving to confront him. Luke surrenders to Imperial troops, so that they will bring him to Vader. He unsuccessfully tries to convince Vader to turn from the dark side of the Force, but Vader takes Luke to the Death Star to meet Emperor Palpatine, his Sith master and leader of the Empire. Luke learns that the Death Star is fully operational and set to destroy the Rebellion. On Endor, the Rebels are captured by Imperial forces, but a surprise counterattack by the Ewoks allows the Rebels to launch an attack. Meanwhile, Lando leads the Rebel fleet in the Millennium Falcon to the Death Star, only to find the station\'s shield is still up and the Imperial fleet waiting for them. Palpatine tempts Luke to give in to his anger and join the dark side, and Luke and Vader engage in a lightsaber duel. Vader discovers that Luke has a sister, and threatens to turn her to the dark side. Luke snaps and attacks Vader, severing his father\'s right hand. Palpatine entreats Luke to kill Vader and take his place; Luke steps back from the brink and refuses, declaring himself a Jedi. Palpatine attacks him with Force lightning. Unable to watch his son suffer, Vader turns on Palpatine and throws him down a reactor shaft to his death, dooming himself to die in the process. With his dying breaths, the redeemed Anakin Skywalker asks Luke to remove his mask so he can look on his son, just for once, with his own eyes instead of through the mask, and tell Leia that there was good in him after all.  On Endor, the strike team, with the help of the Ewoks, defeats the Imperial forces and destroys the shield generator, allowing the Rebel fleet to launch a final assault on the Death Star. Lando leads the remaining ships into the station\'s core and destroys the main reactor. Luke escapes on Palpatine\'s Imperial shuttle with his father\'s body before the Death Star explodes, while Lando escapes in the Falcon. On Endor, Han tells Leia that he knows she loves Luke and offers to step aside; she tells him that Luke is her brother and kisses him. That evening, Luke returns to Endor and cremates his father\'s body and armor on a funeral pyre. As the Rebels celebrate the end of the Empire, Luke sees the spirits of Obi-Wan, Yoda and Anakin Skywalker watching over them.'] [' The film begins with an opening crawl explaining that three years after destroying the Death Star, the Rebel Alliance has suffered setbacks in their struggle against the Galactic Empire. Princess Leia now leads a contingent that includes Han Solo and Luke Skywalker in a hidden base on an icy planet of the Hoth system. A probe droid, one of many sent by Darth Vader throughout the galaxy in hopes of finding Luke and the other rebels, lands on Hoth. Luke goes to investigate but is ambushed by a monstrous, furry wampa. While Han Solo searches for him, Luke frees himself from the wampa\'s cave with his lightsaber but soon succumbs to the freezing temperatures of the snowy wasteland. The spirit of his late mentor, Obi-Wan Kenobi, appears before him and instructs him to go to the planet Dagobah to train under Jedi Master Yoda . Han manages to find Luke and uses the warmth of his dead tauntaun mount to keep him alive while they wait to be rescued. Just as Luke recovers, the Imperial fleet, having been alerted to the location of the Rebel base by the probe droid, launches an attack using gigantic AT-AT Walkers. The Rebels mount a strong defense, and Luke brings down a walker single-handedly after his fighter is disabled, but the base is nonetheless captured. Han and Leia escape on the Millennium Falcon with C-3PO and Chewbacca, but their hyperspace drive malfunctions, and they must hide in an asteroid field. Luke escapes with R2-D2 in an X-wing fighter and crash lands on Dagobah. He is soon found by the diminutive Yoda, who at first pretends to be a simple swamp inhabitant in order to test Luke\'s patience. After conferring with Obi-Wan\'s spirit, Yoda accepts Luke as his pupil. Han and Leia end their bickering and grow closer, but their courtship is interrupted when they must flee a giant asteroid worm. They avoid capture again by attaching the Millennium Falcon directly to the side of a Star Destroyer in Vader\'s fleet. Frustrated at having lost them, Vader turns to several notorious bounty hunters, including Boba Fett . Meanwhile, Luke begins a brief period of intensive training, during which his power in the Force grows exponentially. He suffers a setback when he fails a test and sees the vision of his own face inside Darth Vader\'s helmet. Then he becomes troubled by premonitions of Han and Leia in pain and despite Yoda and Obi-Wan\'s disapprovals, leaves to save them, promising to return to complete his training. Having escaped detection, Han lets his ship float away with the star destroyer\'s garbage and sets a course for Cloud City, a floating gas mining colony in the skies of the planet Bespin. Boba Fett secretly follows the Millennium Falcon to the planet Bespin and arrives just before Han and Leia. Bespin is run by Han\'s old friend Lando Calrissian , but shortly after they arrive he turns them over to Vader to prevent the takeover of his city. Over Lando\'s objections, Vader uses them as bait to bring Luke into his trap. Vader intends to hold Luke in suspended animation and selects Han as a test subject for the process. Han and Leia profess their love for each other, after which Han is frozen in a block of carbonite. Reneging on his deal with Lando, Vader gives Han\'s hibernating form to Boba Fett, who plans to present this "prize" to Jabba the Hutt who put a price on Han\'s head for not paying a debt that he previously owed to Jabba. Lando frees Leia, Chewbacca, and C-3PO, Chewbacca chokes Lando for betraying Han and Leia tells him that they do not need their help, but they are too late to stop Fett from escaping with Han, forcing them to flee in the Millennium Falcon without him. Lando then orders an evacuation of the now taken over city. Meanwhile, Luke has arrived at Cloud City, as Vader planned. Luke and Vader engage in a lightsaber duel that leads them over the central air shaft of Cloud City. Vader severs Luke\'s right hand, disarming him, and reveals that he did not kill Luke\'s father, but actually is Luke\'s father. Horrified by this fact, Luke refuses Vader\'s offer to rule the galaxy at his side, choosing instead to throw himself down the air shaft. He slides through a tube system and is ejected but catches onto an antenna under the floating city. He makes a desperate telepathic plea to Leia, who senses it and persuades Lando to return for him. When its hyperdrive is finally repaired by R2-D2, the Millennium Falcon escapes. Aboard a Rebel medical frigate, Luke is fitted with an robotic artificial hand. As Luke, Leia, R2-D2, and C-3PO look on from the medical center, Lando and Chewbacca set off in the Millennium Falcon to rescue Han from Boba Fett and Jabba the Hutt.'] 