['{{plot}} The Virginia Brothers, a team of acrobats, along with a dozen of Stengel\'s henchmen, rob the town bank. The acrobat are able to jump into the banks uppermost window and kill all the guards. The robbers then load the town safe into a wagon and escape with 100,000 dollars. Just as they leave the town, Sabata  rides in. Outside the town saloon, Carrincha has been tossed into the street for not having any money. Seeing his friend Alley Cat, Carrincha yells at him, and starts to rant about how dull civilian life is, then seeing Sabata , continues about how his Civil War medal couldn\'t even be traded for a bottle of whiskey. Sabata, sympathetic, takes out a silver dollar and tosses it into Carrincha\'s hand. Carrincha happily re-enters the saloon and buys a drink. Sabata enters the saloon, and notices that an old man is being cheated out of his money in a dice game. Drawing his pistol, he blows apart the dice, saying that they are loaded. A man, eating dinner across the saloon starts to stand up, but Sabata aims at him and orders him to sit down. Turning back to the dice game, Sabata reaches into his pocket and pulls out a pair of non loaded dice, which he uses to win the old man his money back. The man whom Sabata ordered to sit down starts to surreptitiously draw a gun, but Sabata quick-draws and blasts out the front legs of the chair which the man was sitting on, causing him to fall face first into his food. At that moment, Banjo starts to play a melody on his banjo. The man screams at him to stop, and Banjo complies, saying  that he thought the man liked music with his supper. Carrincha starts to boast that he once saw Sabata kill twenty men in ten seconds on a pitch black night. A mortally wounded bank guard bursts into the saloon, tells everyone the bank\'s been robbed, and dies. Everyone panics, running to the bank. The local military commander will have to be told, and posse formed in the morning. The robbers  are riding away from the town, when they notice Sabata is standing in their path, 6-700 yards ahead of them. Aiming a rifle at the robbers, Sabata yells at them to go back to the town. One of the robbers turns to a friend and says "There isn\'t a Winchester going that can shoot half that distance." before being shot and killed by Sabata. Sabata uses his rifle to kill six more robbers. He takes the wagon back to town. In the morning, just as the military and posse are planning how to go about the manhunt, Sabata rolls in with the safe and the bodies of the robbers. Carrincha is impressed that Sabata killed seven people, but is dismayed that he accepted a lousy 5,000 dollars when he could have taken the entire 100,000 from the safe. Sabata replies that although it is lousy, it\'s legal. Later, Sabata walks into the town\'s hotel and rents a room, tossing a coin onto the front desk. He encounters Banjo, whom he apparently knows. Banjo says that he can barely recognize Sabata, because he returned the safe. While this occurs, Stengel discusses the robbery with Ferguson and O\'Hara. O\'Hara is scared that the dead robbers will be linked to them. He accuses Stengel of foolishness, revealing that the reason Stengel engineered the robbery was to get money to buy land, which will vastly increase in value when the railroad has to pay him for permission to lay tracks over it. O\'Hara continues by saying that he is leaving the town for good. Stengel points his dart gun  at O\'Hara and threatens to kill him if he leaves town. After O\'Hara leaves, Stengel tells Ferguson that he sent his top henchman, Oswald, and some men to take care of the Virginia Brothers, who can be witnesses against him. Oswald meets with the Virginia Brothers at their hideout so that he can pay them. However this a ruse, Oswald and his men double-crosses the Virginia Brothers and kills them. One of Oswald\'s underlings ask him what they should do about the Virginia Brothers\' wagon, which was still in the town. Oswald said that he sent three men to take care of it. In the town, Sabata is talking with Carrincha. He has deduced that acrobats were involved in the robbery . The only acrobats in town are the Virginia Brothers, and they have mysteriously disappeared, leaving their wagon behind. As they discuss it, the three men come into town and start to leave with the wagon. Realizing that they are involved, Sabata yells at them to get away from the wagon. They resist, and Sabata kills them. Carrincha recognizes them as Stengel\'s men, which makes it all clear to Sabata. Later that night, Oswald returns to Stengel\'s ranch  to tell him that the job is done. They meet in the Stengel\'s main room, which is a large room decorated with historical items. On both sides of the room, there are metal shields shaped to look like people, except with a hole where the heart should be. Stengel, after being briefed, tells Oswald that now only he can link him to the robbery. Watching Stengel load a dueling pistol, Oswald realizes that he is going to be murdered. Drawing his revolver, Oswald retreats to one of the shields, while Stengel retreats to the other. Oswald fires a couple of rounds into Stengel\'s shield, but none go into the hole where the heart is. Stengel, on the other hand, fires one shot which goes through Oswald\'s hole, and into his chest, killing him. Sabata, who had been watching the whole thing, fires a couple of rounds near him and then rides off into the night. Stengel, with a bunch of men, runs off onto his porch. Sabata, hidden in the night, calls out that he has the Virginia Brothers\' wagon, which is evidence against him, and that if Stengel wants it back, it will cost 10,000 dollars. Stengel tells Sabata that if he comes over, he\'ll get the money. Sabata has a separate wagon with a record player on it ride into the Stengel ranch unmanned. The record player gives off Sabata\'s voice prerecorded. Thinking that Sabata is in the wagon, Stengel and his men fire into it. However, the only thing inside is dynamite. When the wagon explodes, Sabata, still hidden in the night, calls out to Stengel and says that now the price is 20,000 dollars. Sabata returns to the town and sits out on a porch, acting like he was there the entire time. Banjo comes out and commends Sabata on giving Stengel a run for his money. Sabata claims that he hasn\'t moved from his spot the whole night. Banjo replies that then he\'d better keep his horse tied up, lest anyone think otherwise. The next day, Banjo tells Sabata  that he has learned that Stengel has no intention of paying the 20,000. Not long after Banjo\'s visit, four gunman raid Sabata\'s room. They fire at Sabata\'s reflection in a mirror. Sabata guns down three of the killers, then hunts down the fourth but allows him to live. Sabata tells Stengel that the price now is 30,000 dollars. Stengel tells Ferguson that Sabata will never stop blackmailing them now, and that they need an outsider. Ferguson then hires a hitman named Sharky . In the saloon, Carrincha is attempting to pawn off his Civil War medal to Banjo, who won\'t take it . Two more hitmen enter the saloon. While one holds the saloon patrons captive, the other goes up into Sabata\'s room. Sabata kills the first hitman, and the second is killed by Carrincha, for having called him a "lice-breeder". The town\'s Catholic priest, Father Brown, has Sabata meet him to discuss his recent killing spree. When Sabata arrives, he meets an assassin disguised as Brown who has been hired by Stengel. During their conversation, he attempts to surreptitiously draw a gun hidden in a handkerchief. He stops, however, when Sabata offers him a bag of money in donation. When the paid killer pulls the bag away, a string connecting Sabata\'s hand to the trigger of Sabata\'s gun  pulls tight. The gun goes off, killing the would-be assassin. Sabata promptly get Stengel and tells him that now the price is 60,000 dollars. Stengel tells him that he\'ll have it tomorrow. As Sabata walks away, Stengel desperately aims a rifle at Sabata\'s back, but stops when he notices that Banjo is watching him across the street. Five men from Denver come into town looking for Banjo, who kills them with a rifle concealed in his banjo. The next day, at the meeting place, Banjo attempts to kill Sabata, but Sabata shoots the rifle out of Banjo\'s hands. He demands to know how much Banjo was paid, and when Banjo doesn\'t answer, he fires three warning shots. Thinking that Sabata is out of bullets, Banjo dives for his rifle, which Sabata shoots away with a barrel hidden in the grip of his pistol. Sabata asks how much Banjo will get for killing him. Banjo replies he was offered $100,000, the total amount of theft. Then he orders him to go. Ferguson, who watched the situation, also leaves. Later, Stengel gives Banjo another chance to kill Sabata, warning him not to fail this time. Sabata suddenly appears, and Stengel immediately orders his men to pursue. The men follow Sabata through a canyon pass, who after reaching cover removes his costume, revealing he is in fact Alley Cat in Sabata\'s trademark black wardrobe. Alley Cat is propelled above the pass when Sabata shoots a bag of rocks that land on a prepared trampoline where Alley Cat stands on. The Stengel’s men are ambushed by Carrincha and Sabata. Triggering dynamite explosions, cause a landslide of rocks that trap Stengel\'s minions down the canyon pass, without any possibility of escape. After that, Sabata, Carrincha, and Alley Cat prepare to raid the Stengel’s ranch, using dynamite placed in strategic locations. During this operation, one of Stengel\'s men is killed and placed in a position to make it appear he has fallen asleep, which keeps the others from raising an alarm while Sabata, Carrincha, and Alley Cat work to lay their traps. When the attack begins, Stengel runs inside his fort with his remaining men. Judge O\'Hara, who has long harbored doubts about Stengel\'s strategy, sees that the battle may be lost and leaves the ranch. Sabata and his friends enjoy the advantage of complete surprise. Many men are shot dead by Sabata and Carrincha, or killed by dynamite thrown by Alley Cat while they attempt to hold Sabata and Carrincha off with a Gatling gun. Stengel and his few remaining followers take refuge in the house. Inside, they are dispatched by Carrincha and Sabata. Ferguson also dies after being shot in the head  Finally, Sabata comes face to face with Stengel, who being in the room where he earlier dispatched Oswald, believes he has the advantage of knowing how to win a duel  Before shooting, Stengel made a mention about the superiority of men, saying that it lies in having the right final card. Sabata says he does not play, and fired a shot to the cane of Stengel. The cane is booby-trapped to fire a poison dart, and it shoots out and penetrates Stengel\'s chest, killing him. Sabata and his friends go out, apparently victorious. Suddenly Banjo appears and shoots Sabata, grazing his neck. While Sabata rubs his wound, Banjo asks for the 100,000 dollars. Sabata explains it is in the bank, to be paid by Judge O\'Hara\'s to save his reputation. They agree to have a duel the next day in the town. Banjo fires before the countoff is over, thus gaining the drop on Sabata. He fires, and Sabata falls, apparently dead. Wordlessly, Carrincha covers his friend, a crestfallen Alley Cat by his side. Banjo receives the reward and takes the corpse of Sabata, saying he will take charge of its burial. Banjo leads the wagon on the outskirts of town, where he attempts to dump the wagon and ride away with the money. But the bag is shot from his hand by Sabata, who has faked his death, rising from the wagon with rifle in hand. As Carrincha and Alley Cat ride up behind the wagon, Sabata tells Banjo he will lose most of the money and settle the reward in half with Carrincha. Sabata proceeds to load the money bag on his horse, but not before giving a good amount for Carrincha. Then, with an apparent second thought, he leaves a wad of money behind for Banjo. As Banjo stoops to pick it up, Sabata shoots the wad, scattering the bills into a sudden gust of wind and tells Banjo "You\'ll have to work for it," Banjo chases after the flittering paper, catching a few as the wind carries most of rest into a nearby stream. Carrincha asks: "Hey friend, who the hell are you?" With a laugh, Sabata replies: "Didn\'t I ever mention it?" as he rides away. Carrincha offers Alley Cat a stray bill, but Alley Cat refuses. Carrincha then takes a large share of his own haul and hands them to Alley Cat, who stuffs the money into his vest with a smile. Carrincha says they are still partners. Sabata rides away in search of new adventures.'] ["Two estranged brothers, city gambler Monty  and Wild West farmer Ted Mulligan  inherit $300,000 from their late uncle, on condition that they endure to live together for six months. The two start fighting about everything, and trouble begins as soon as Monty arrives in Ted's hometown."] ['After being double-crossed in an arms deal planned by arms dealer Scotty , the Mexican revolutionary Pancho Villa  and Scotty raid a US Army weapons depot in retaliation.'] ['Winter 1899. The rough weather brings hunger and privation to the small village of Snowhill in Utah. In order to survive, the poor people start to steal and rob. Therefore they become outlaws and have to hide in the mountains, because of the bounty rewarded on them. While people are suffering, the village becomes a paradise for bounty hunters, who can hardly be opposed by the poor, who are labelled as outlaws. When Pauline\'s husband falls prey to the unscrupulous bounty hunter Loco , she hires a mute gunfighter, Silence , to kill Loco. Since Silence as a child had to watch his parents being killed by bounty hunters, he tramps through the country chasing those who are killing people for money under the cloak of the law. In order to not violate the law and be added to the blacklist of the bounty hunters, he provokes them to pull out their weapon first. Then he has a reason to act in "self-defense" and shoot them. But Loco does not let himself be provoked. Not until after he lures the new sheriff – who had been given the impossible task by the governor to re-establish order in the region and to grant amnesty to those starving in the mountains – to his death, does Loco face up to the final fight with Silence?  The film is famous for its bleak ending, a bloody scene in which the sympathetic characters are gunned down by the greedy bounty hunters, "all according to the law," as Loco comments. The director was forced to shoot an alternate ending for the North African and Asian markets, where the hero\'s death in the end would have been deemed unacceptable. The Fantoma DVD features the alternative "happy" ending without sound. The comic sheriff played by Frank Wolff returns from the "dead"  to save the day. It is unlikely that an English or Italian audio track was ever created for this ending.{{cite web}}'] ['A robber hijacks a payroll train, kills everyone, then stashes the loot. A gunslinger learns about it and decides he wants to steal the money for himself and hatches a plan to get it. He lures the bandit into a rigged poker game, and soon a gunfight begins.'] ['During the Mexican Revolution, a peasant named El Vasco  starts a revolt in his town by killing the army colonel in charge. Rebel leader and self-appointed General Mongo  soon arrives on the scene and hires El Vasco to his revolutionary gang. However, Mongo is more interested in gaining fortune for himself than for his country. Yodlaf Peterson , a Swedish mercenary arrives in Mexico to sell guns to General Mongo. The safe containing the money is locked and only Professor Xantos  knows the combination. Xantos is the leader of a student counter-revolution that opposes violence, and is held in a prison by the United States army, after he tried to find funding from the US and did not agree to give the monopoly of his country\'s entire oil wealth in return. El Vasco dislikes the suit-wearing Peterson and calls him a "penguin", but at the suggestion of General Mongo, the two reluctantly join forces and set out to capture Xantos. Their task is made harder by the American army and a wooden-armed American named John , who wants to exact revenge on Peterson, his former business partner. Peterson had left John to die after he was crucified, and his pet hawk had to peck his right hand off to save him. In order to maximize their personal gain and to support Xantos\' rebel fighters, El Vasco and Peterson have to doublecross Mongo. They receive help from Lola , the leader of Xantos\' rebel group, to whom El Vasco develops a crush, and her group of young revolutionaries.{{cite web}}'] ['The setting is 1913 Mexico at the time of the Revolution. Juan Miranda , a Mexican outlaw leading a bandit family, meets John  Mallory , an early Irish Republican explosives expert on the run from the British. Noting his skill with explosives, Juan relentlessly tries to make him join a raid on the Mesa Verde national bank. John in the meantime has made contact with the revolutionaries and intends to use his dynamite in their service. The bank is hit as part of an orchestrated revolutionary attack on the army organized by Doctor Villega . Juan, interested only in the money, is shocked to find that the bank has no funds and instead is used by the army as a political prison. John, Juan and his family end up freeing hundreds of prisoners, causing Juan to become a "great, grand, glorious hero of the revolution". The revolutionaries are chased into the hills by an army detachment led by Colonel Günther Reza . John and Juan volunteer to stay behind with two machine guns and dynamite. Much of the army\'s detachment is destroyed while crossing a bridge which is machinegunned by them and blown to bits by John. Col. Reza who commands an armoured car, survives. After the battle, John and Juan find most of their comrades, including Juan\'s family and children, have been killed by the army in a cave. Engulfed with grief and rage, Juan goes out to fight the army singlehanded and is captured. John sneaks into camp where he witnesses executions of many of his fellow revolutionaries by firing squad. They had been informed on by Dr. Villega, who has been tortured by Col. Reza and his men. This evokes in John memories of a similar betrayal by Nolan , his best friend, whom John kills for informing. Juan faces a firing squad of his own, but John arrives and blows up the squad and the wall with dynamite just in time. They escape on a motorcycle John is driving. John and Juan hide in the animal coach of a train. It stops to pick up the tyrannical Governor Don Jaime , who is fleeing  from the revolutionary forces belonging to Pancho Villa and Emiliano Zapata. As the train is ambushed, John, as a test of Juan\'s loyalty, lets him choose between shooting the Governor and accepting a bribe from him. Juan kills Jaime, and also steals the Governor\'s spoils. As the doors to the coach open, Juan is greeted by a large crowd and again unexpectedly hailed as a great hero of the revolution, the money taken away by revolutionary General Santerna . On a train with commanders of the revolution, John and Juan are joined by Dr. Villega, who has escaped. John alone knows of Villega\'s betrayal. They learn that Pancho Villa\'s forces will be delayed by 24 hours and that an army train carrying 1,000 soldiers and heavy weapons, led by Col. Reza, will be arriving in a few hours, which will surely overpower the rebel position. John suggests they rig a locomotive with dynamite and send it head on. He requires one other man, but instead of picking Juan, who volunteers, he chooses Dr. Villega. It becomes clear to Villega that he knows of the betrayal. John nonetheless pleads with him to jump off the locomotive before it hits the army\'s train, but Villega feels guilty and stays on board. John jumps in time and the two trains collide, killing Villega and a number of soldiers. The revolutionaries\' ambush is successful, but as John approaches to meet Juan, he is shot in the back by Col. Reza. An enraged Juan riddles the Colonel\'s body with a machine gun. As John lies dying, he continues to have memories of his best friend, Nolan, and a young woman both apparently loved. John recalls killing Nolan after being betrayed by him to the law. Juan kneels by his side to ask about Dr. Villega. John keeps the doctor\'s secret and tells Juan that he died a hero of the revolution. As Juan goes to seek help, John recalls his time in Ireland with Nolan and a girl whom they both were in love with; knowing his end is near, sets off a second charge he secretly laid in case the battle went bad. Juan stares at the burning remains, asking forlornly: "What about me?"'] ['The film opens with the same scene from the first film, of Bill  shooting the Bride . The Bride herself then appears behind the wheel of a car, briefly recounting the events of the previous film and stating she is currently on her way to kill Bill. In a flashback, the Bride — visibly pregnant — and her groom  rehearse their wedding. Bill, her former lover and leader of the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad, arrives unexpectedly and wishes her well. It is revealed that the Bride had retired from assassination and left Bill in order to give a better life to her unborn daughter. Moments later, the other assassination squad members arrive and attack the wedding rehearsal on Bill\'s orders. In the present, Bill warns his brother Budd , a former Deadly Viper and now a bouncer, that he will be targeted next. The Bride arrives at his trailer and bursts through the door, expecting to ambush him, but Budd is expecting her, shooting her in the chest with a double-barreled shotgun blast of rock salt, then sedates her. Budd calls Elle Driver , another former Deadly Viper, offering to sell her the Bride\'s Hanzō sword for a million dollars cash. He then seals the Bride inside a coffin and buries her alive. A flashback shows Bill and the Bride camping one night, when Bill tells her a story of legendary martial arts master Pai Mei  and his Five Point Palm Exploding Heart Technique, a death blow Pai Mei has so far refused to teach any of his students. Bill then takes the Bride to Pai Mei\'s temple to be trained by him. Though Pai Mei initially ridicules her for being a Caucasian-American woman , she eventually gains his respect and learns a number of techniques, including the art of punching through thick planks of wood from inches away. She uses this skill to break out of the coffin and claws her way to the surface. Elle arrives at Budd\'s trailer for their transaction but has hidden a lethal black mamba with her money, which kills him. She then calls Bill and tells him that the Bride has killed Budd by putting the black mamba in his trailer, and that Elle has killed the Bride; it is at this point that the Bride\'s name, Beatrix Kiddo, is finally revealed. As she exits the trailer, she is ambushed by Beatrix, who had arrived there soon after Elle. In the middle of an all-out battle in the trailer, Elle taunts Beatrix with the news that Elle had poisoned Pai Mei in revenge for his snatching out her eye when she called him a "miserable old fool." Beatrix then plucks out Elle\'s remaining eye and leaves her screaming and thrashing about in the trailer with the black mamba. Beatrix subsequently travels to Mexico to interrogate an elderly gentleman, Esteban Vihaio, about Bill\'s whereabouts. Esteban, who is the proprietor of a brothel, was purportedly a father figure to a younger Bill. Regardless, Esteban willingly divulges Bill\'s location, stating that Bill "would want [him] to." After finding Bill deep in the Mexican countryside, Beatrix is shocked to find her now-four-year-old daughter B.B.  alive and well. She spends the evening with Bill and B.B. After B.B. has gone to bed, Bill shoots Beatrix with a dart containing a truth serum and interrogates her. A flashback recalls Beatrix\'s discovery of her pregnancy while on an assassination mission, and her resulting decision to call off her assignment and leave the Deadly Vipers. Beatrix explains that she ran away without telling Bill in order to protect their unborn daughter from him and his life. Though Bill understands, he remains unapologetic for what he did, explaining that he\'s "a murdering bastard," and that "there are consequences for breaking the heart of a murdering bastard." They fight, but although Beatrix loses her weapon, she disables Bill with Pai Mei\'s Five Point Palm Exploding Heart Technique, which he had secretly taught her. Bill, stunned by this revelation, makes his peace with her and dies. Beatrix departs with B.B.; later they are seen watching cartoons in a hotel together after Beatrix gives thanks.'] [" The film related the story of Southerner Major Sanders , who continues fighting the North after the conclusion of the American Civil War. Former Rebel Gary Diamond , now a guide, leads a pair of Union soldiers to obstruct Sanders before he can pull off a raid on Fort Yuma. However the others are unaware that Diamond knows that one of the Union officers is actually Sanders' spy. More complications ensue, pairing Diamond with the aptly named saloon-girl Connie Breastful . Later Diamond is found to be a traitor and is tortured severely before Sanders' plot is foiled."] ['An intertitle displays the proverb "Revenge is a dish best served cold".This is credited in the opening sequence as "Old Klingon Proverb". The concept embodied in the proverb has been in the English language since at least 1846, when the phrase "revenge is very good eaten cold"  appeared in an English translation of a French novel.{{cite book}} A pregnant woman , known as "The Bride", lies badly wounded at her wedding, telling an unseen Bill  that she is carrying his baby. Bill then shoots her in the head. However, it is later revealed that she miraculously survives the headshot, but was left comatose for four years. The Bride\'s second revenge killing is shown some time after her recovery. The Bride finds Vernita Green  at her home and fights her, but they cease after Vernita\'s young daughter Nikki arrives from school. It is revealed that both women are former members of the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad, elite assassins under the employ of Bill. Bill and the Deadly Vipers had attacked The Bride and her wedding. While the two women are talking in the kitchen during their truce, Vernita attempts to kill The Bride with a revolver hidden in a box of "Kaboom" cereal. The shot misses the Bride, who retaliates with a throwing knife to Vernita\'s chest, and she dies slowly. When the Bride notices Nikki standing in the doorway, she offers Nikki revenge should she seek it as an adult, then leaves. The Bride then strikes Vernita\'s name off a checklist; the name "O-Ren Ishii" has already been crossed out. Going back to the time of her coma, another member of the Deadly Vipers, the one-eyed Elle Driver , enters The Bride\'s hospital room where she lies comatose, and prepares a lethal injection. Driver is interrupted by Bill on the phone, who states they will take action only if she wakes. Four years later, the Bride awakens and is horrified to discover that she is no longer pregnant. Meanwhile, she learns that a hospital worker named Buck has been raping her in her comatose state, and accepting cash from those who wish the chance to do the same. While a trucker is preparing to assault her, the Bride bites off his tongue and kills him. She then incapacitates and kills Buck by repeatedly smashing his head between a door and its jamb, and steals Buck\'s truck. She swears revenge, and picks her first target: O-Ren Ishii , who has since become the leader of the Tokyo yakuza. Once she recovers, the Bride travels to Okinawa to obtain a sword from legendary swordsmith Hattori Hanzō , who has sworn never to forge a sword again. After learning that her target is his former student, Bill, he agrees he is morally obligated to forge his finest sword for her. The Bride tracks down O-Ren at a Tokyo nightclub, challenging her to a fight and severing the arm of Sofie Fatale , O-Ren\'s assistant and a protégée of Bill\'s. She then fights off O-Ren\'s Yakuza army, including the elite "Crazy 88" squad and O-Ren\'s personal bodyguard, 17-year-old sadist Gogo Yubari , before dueling O-Ren in a snow-draped Japanese garden and killing her. She finally tortures Sofie into revealing information about Bill, leaving Sofie alive to tell Bill that the Bride is coming to kill him and the others. Bill asks Sofie whether the Bride knows that her daughter is, in fact, still alive.'] ["Man hunter Blade  arrives at the mining town of Suttonville with the lawless Burt Craven  as his prisoner. He gets noticed when he uses a tomahawk in their fight against an outlaw. After a short time, Blade's reputation becomes grater, and he comes to the attention of the city's wealthy and crippled mayor, McGowan  and his corrupt lackey Voller , hired to find the mayor's daughter  who has disappeared. Blade is not aware that she has been kidnapped by Voller, who secretly works for a gang that regularly plunders coachloads of silver from the mayor's silver mine. After a while, Blade is imprisoned, beaten up, and left to die as part of a plan by Voller and his men. However, against all the odds, he survives. Blade prepares for the final battle, but not only against Voller and his gang. He also wants revenge against those who killed his father when he was small. The film was released on DVD in 2002 .  Mannaja is an unusual spaghetti western, in that it contains some symbolism and emotional scenes that give the viewer the feel of an adventure or horror film, particularly in the opening scene in the swamp, and the scene in the cave. Mannaja has been compared to a contemporaneous film called Keoma . Like other spaghetti westerns it is sometimes rather brutal, and contains fairly graphic depictions of murder with an axe. It was banned in Sweden."] ['The film takes place in a small valley in the Mexican state of Sonora, near the Arizona Territory, around 1870. Steve Fallon, a drifter and gun-for-hire, is seriously wounded while on the trail and is found by Mike Summers and his wife, Franchea. He is taken into their home and, while recovering, he learns that a local land baron, Ortega, is pressuring local ranchers to sell their land to him with the help of Danny Pose and his gang of outlaws. Fallon also develops feelings for Fanchea\'s sister, Juana. Mike Summers, a former Confederate officer, had become a pacifist following his experiences during the American Civil War. Refusing to even wear a gun, he is defenseless when Danny Pose arrives at the ranch to collect "protection" money. Confronted by Fallon, Pose is disarmed and loses to Fallon in a brawl. He is eventually run out of town after a gunfight with Fallon ends with three of his companions dead. Ortega responds by taking over the gang himself and leading a raid against the Summers ranch and, in one of the films most graphic scenes, he has Fallon\'s hands crushed under a wagon. Danny Pose soon returns, under the belief that Fallon has been killed, and turns on Ortega murdering his former employer. Riding to the Summers ranch, he sees the helpless Fallon and proceeds to shoot him when Summers grabs a nearby gun and kills Pose in order to save Fallon\'s life.{{cite web}}'] [" Django  is a drifter who drags around a coffin that conceals a machine gun. He rescues a young woman, María , from being murdered by bandits led by Major Jackson , a man whom Django is seeking revenge on for the murder of his wife. After killing most of Jackson's men, Django makes a deal with a Mexican bandit general, Hugo Rodriguez , who is in conflict with Jackson, and the two steal a large quantity of gold from a Mexican Army fort . When Rodriguez drags his feet in giving Django his share, he and Maria steal the gold. Unfortunately, the gold falls into quicksand. When Rodriguez catches up to them, María is shot  and Django's hands are crushed. Rodríguez and his men are massacred by Jackson and the Mexican Army when the bandits return to Mexico. Jackson then goes looking for Django in a cemetery after killing Nathaniel. However, Django, who has bitten the trigger-guard off his pistol, kills Jackson and his five surviving men by pressing the trigger against a cross  and repeatedly dropping the hammer."] [' Eastwood  and Van Cleef  portray two bounty hunters in pursuit of "El Indio" , one of the most wanted fugitives in the western territories, and his gang. Indio is a ruthless, intelligent man. He has a musical pocketwatch that he plays before engaging in gun duels. "When the chimes finish, begin", he says. Flashbacks reveal that the watch originates from a young woman , who killed herself while being raped by Indio after he had found her with her lover  and killed him. The watch bears a photo of the woman and was presented as a gift by the young man before being killed. Colonel Mortimer  illegally stops a train in Tucumcari, and soon after collects a bounty of $1,000 on Guy Calloway . Mortimer\'s gunslinging skill is displayed as he easily kills him from long distance. After collecting the bounty he inquires about Red "Baby" Cavanagh , who has a $2,000 bounty, and was last seen in White Rocks. Mortimer is told that Cavanagh has already been targeted by Eastwood\'s character, who is referred to as "Manco" . We see Manco ride into town and track down Cavanagh at a saloon playing five-card draw poker. Manco kills him and his men, and takes the bounty. Eventually, the two bounty hunters, after learning about each other from different sources, meet in El Paso and, after butting heads, decide to team up to take down Indio and his gang. Indio\'s primary goal is to rob the Bank of El Paso and its disguised safe containing "almost a million dollars." Mortimer persuades a reluctant Manco to join Indio\'s gang during the robbery in order to "get him between two fires." Manco is offered membership in the gang after rescuing one of Indio\'s friends from prison. When Indio robs the bank, he brings the gang and the money to the small border town of Agua Caliente, where Mortimer reunites with Manco. The hunchback Wild  recognizes the Colonel from a previous encounter in which the Colonel had deliberately insulted him and forces a showdown in which he is killed by the Colonel. The Colonel then proves his worth to Indio by cracking open the safe without using explosives, but Indio states his intention to wait a month if necessary to allow the furor over the bank robbery to die down and locks the money away. Manco and the Colonel plan to steal the bank money from Indio, but the bandits catch them in the act and severely beat them. Indio\'s right-hand man Nino , on orders from Indio, kills their guard and releases the bounty hunters. Indio informs his gang that they "got away", and sends them after the escaped bounty hunters. He intends to kill off his gang with the bounty killers while he and Nino take all the loot for themselves. However, the smarter Groggy  figures out what Indio is up to, and kills Nino. Before he can kill Indio, he finds that the Colonel has already removed the stolen money from where Indio had hidden it. Indio convinces Groggy to join forces with him to trap the bounty-killers.  The next morning, Manco and Mortimer shoot down the gang, one by one, in the streets of the town. Standing alone, Mortimer shoots Groggy when the outlaw tries to run for it, but then has his gun shot out of his hand by Indio, who then takes out his pocketwatch and begins playing it. As the chimes nears the end, Manco suddenly appears with an identical pocketwatch, playing the same tune as Indio\'s, which Mortimer realizes had been taken from him earlier. As this happens, Manco holds an 1854 Jennings Rifle Company Volcanic Rifle on Indio and gives his gunbelt and pistol to Mortimer, evening the odds. "Now we start", Manco announces and sits while Mortimer and Indio face off. During the standoff, Manco looks down at the pocketwatch and sees the same picture of the woman Indio had raped. The music finishes, and Mortimer outdraws and guns down Indio. At this juncture, Mortimer takes Indio\'s pocketwatch. Manco gives him back the other watch and remarks on a family resemblance; the Colonel replies, "Naturally, between brother and sister", indicating that the young woman\'s portrait was that of Mortimer\'s sister. His revenge complete, he decides to take no part of the bounty. As Manco tosses Indio\'s body into a wagon with the corpses of the rest of the gang and counts them by the reward for each one, he realizes he is short of the $27,000 total, and spins around to gun down Groggy who had survived and was sneaking up behind him to kill him. As he leaves, he recovers the money stolen from the Bank of El Paso, though it is not clear whether he intends to return it. He then rides off into the distance with his horse towing the wagon full of the lifeless bodies of the entire gang.'] ['Joe Thanks  is a genius conman. He conducts various schemes with his two friends: Half-breed Steam Engine Bill  and his girlfriend Lucy . Lucy loves both men, and they in turn both vie for her affection. Joe formulates an extremely elaborate plan to steal $300,000 from Major Cabot , an Indian-hating cavalry man, and in doing so save the Indian land he is trying to steal. Every time the plan seems to be failing, Joe has another trick up his sleeve. The movie climaxes with a stagecoach chase and a gigantic explosion.'] ['Django  is a slave living in the Deep South after having been separated from his wife Broomhilda . When Django is held for a slave auction, Dr. King Schultz , a bounty hunter who poses as a dentist, frees Django from his vicious masters, the Speck brothers , and gives him the option of hunting down and killing the Brittle Brothers, a ruthless gang of killers whom only Django has seen. In return, Schultz will free Django from slavery completely and help rescue Broomhilda from the plantation of the charming but ruthless owner, Calvin Candie .{{cite web}}'] ['A womanizing outlaw, Leon Alastray , who is also an atheist, is pursued by the Mexican military. Given sanctuary by an altruistic priest ([[Sam Jaffe , he is taken to a village terrorized by marauding Indians. When the priest is killed, however, Alastray is mistaken for a priest himself. This he at first denies but, finding the love of a village woman, and encouraged by the persuasive power of a fake miracle, decides to take on the role and thereby organize the villagers against the predatory raids of the Yaqui Indians. Charles Bronson co-stars as Teclo, a half breed leader of marauders who pretends to side with the villagers but is really in league with the Yaqui. When Alastray attempts to make peace with the Yaqui, Teclo intervenes and foments a conflict. Then, just before the central battle of the film, the villagers ask Alastray to hold a mass. At this point he confesses to the villagers that he is not a priest. They nonetheless accept him and together they defeat the Yaqui. The film ends with Alastray fleeing the military again, this time accompanied by the woman he loves.'] ["Julián Torralba is a former film stuntman in Almeria, Spain. He and several of his colleagues, who once made a living in American Westerns shot in Spain, now are reduced to doing stunt shows for minuscule audiences on the decaying set built for those old Westerns. Julián wrestles with dark memories of the death of his son, also a stuntman, and with estrangement from his daughter-in-law Laura and her son Carlos. Carlos, a young boy, becomes intrigued with his late father's life and runs away to join Julián and his band of has-beens. There Carlos is initiated into the rambunctious life of these hard-drinking faux cowboys. But when Laura, a powerful executive looking for a new site for a tourist resort, learns that Carlos has joined the hated Julián, she moves to destroy even this remnant of Julián's once-proud career. Julián and the cowboys decide to fight back the only way they know how."] ["The Republic of Texas has just gained its independence from Mexico. However, President Sam Houston fears the various rebels and interest groups that may take advantage of the Republic's newly won independence. He sends Erastus 'Deaf' Smith  to put down one of the rebel groups led by Mexican general, Lucius Morton . Smith brings along his friend Johnny Ears  to help him. Ears must do his best to hide Smith's handicap, and to prevent their exposure when the rebel groups learns that a deaf-mute spy is among them."] ["Joe Daylight is on the run along with members of his outlaw gang, The Kid, Doc and Henri. After fleeing from a bank robbery, they manage to elude the posse chasing them after crossing into Mexico. The gang had agreed to meet up later to divide up the money, however Daylight instead uses the money to buy a ranch, the Casa Grande. Although several of them protest, the gang agrees to follow Daylight to the ranch. They are soon joined by The Traveler, who has recently joined the gang, and leads them to the ranch. Daylight plans to use the ranch as a cover to rustle cattle from his neighbors and sell them at inflated prices across the border. However, his comrades soon adapt to life on the ranch. The Traveler and The Kid meet two women named Dona Maria de Castellar and Pacesita, with whom they eventually fall in love. Daylight's plans are temporarily threatened by another bandit gang led by Rojo, who begins stealing cattle from numerous ranches in the area including his own. Organizing the local ranchers against the bandits, they succeed in chasing off Rojo. This has an unintended consequence however as Daylight's men have decided to remain at Casa Grande. He and his men begin to argue and, during the course of events, shoots and kills Doc causing The Traveler to kill Daylight in turn. With their former leader dead, the men stay on the ranch and The Traveller and Maria begin a new life on the Casa Grande.{{cite web}}"] ['After robbing a stagecoach, Billy Joe Cudlip  is determined to "go straight", and is named the new sheriff of Silverton. But does he really want the job -- or just access to the valuable shipments of silver?'] ['Pike , the right-hand man of cattle rancher Bob Morgan , is entrusted with a mission to deliver $86,000 across the border to the Morgan Ranch in Sonora, Mexico after his boss dies. Pike teams up with dishonest gambler Tyree  and are forced to trust each other while being pursued by various outlaws and gunmen trying to possess the money, including the ruthless bounty hunter Kiefer  and corrupt sheriff Kane ([[Barry Sullivan . Along the way the duo comes across a prostitute  in need of rescuing and Kashtok , a mute Indian scout skilled in martial arts who help them on their journey. After numerous gun battles and chase sequences, Pike and Tyree reach the end of the line at an abandoned mine, where they duke it out over the money, yet finally settle and work together after getting word of the approaching gunmen. They devise a plan to escape by using explosives to blow up the mine shaft behind them, killing all their pursuers except for Kiefer, who decides to forgo his bounty and let the men continue their quest to reach the ranch.'] ['Paco Roman , a Mexican peasant, rebels against his rich boss and humiliates him. He is later captured, but saved from a certain death by his friends. Meanwhile, Sergei Kowalski , a Polish mercenary, arrives in Mexico and makes a deal with two Garcia brothers to take their silver safely across the border. Curly  sees the three men talking and tracks down the brothers to find out what they hired Kowalski for, after which Curly kills the two. When Kowalski arrives at a mine to meet one of the Garcia brothers, he finds the man along with many others dead and meets Paco and his revolutionaries instead. Soon after, Colonel Alfonso Garcia\'s  Mexican army troops attack. Kowalski agrees to help Paco fight them, but only for money as he is a professional soldier. With the help of Kowalski and his machine gun, the revolutionaries defeat the army. Kowalski then leaves the group, but gets ambushed by Curly. Soon Paco\'s group arrives and kills Curly\'s men. Although Curly swears to revenge, they let him go after stripping him of his clothes. Paco then hires Kowalski to teach him how to lead a revolution. The revolutionaries travel from town to town robbing money, guns and horses from the army. They also release a prisoner named Columba  and she joins the group. After Paco stays in one town to protect the people despite Kowalski telling him that they can not match the army sent to capture them, Kowalski leaves the group again. Paco and his men later admit their defeat and go after Kowalski. Kowalski\'s price has doubled now, but the two make another deal. After the revolutionaries take over a town by defeating a whole regiment, Paco takes Kowalski as prisoner for being too greedy, confiscates all the money he has paid him and marries Columba. When General Garcia\'s army, along with Curly, attack them, Paco realizes he can not manage the situation on his own and decides to set Kowalski free, but ends up locked up himself while Kowalski escapes. Columba frees Paco and the two also manage to escape before Curly finds them. After six months, Kowalski attends a circus performance and notices that Paco managed to get away after all, as he is one of the clowns. After the performance is over, Curly enters the arena and his men capture Paco. Kowalski then shoots Curly\'s men and gives him and Paco both a rifle and a bullet, so that the two can have a fair duel. After Paco kills Curly, Kowalski takes him as a prisoner and heads to the headquarters of the 51st Regiment to collect the reward offered for his head. Columba sees this, manages to get before them to the headquarters and then pretends that she wants to betray Paco by telling where the two are. When the army troops find the pair, Kowalski also finds himself arrested as there is now even a bigger reward for his head. The two are then sentenced to death by firing squad. However, Columba now executes her plan and with the help of two machine guns, Paco, Kowalski and Columba manage to escape. Kowalski suggests Paco that they team up to make a lot of money, but Paco claims that his dream is in Mexico referring to the revolution. The two part ways, but Kowalski soon notices five Mexican army soldiers after Paco. Kowalski kills them when they are about to shoot Paco, and then yells to him to "keep dreaming, but with your eyes open."'] ['Jack Beauregard  is a tired, aging legendary gunslinger who just wants to retire in peace in Europe to get away from young gunmen constantly trying to test themselves against the master. The film opens with three rascals ambushing Beauregard in a barbershop. After Beauregard has dispatched them, the barber\'s son asks his father if there is anyone in the world faster than Beauregard, to which the barber replies "Faster than him? Nobody!" \'Nobody\'  idolizes Beauregard and wants to see him die in a blaze of glory going against the infamous Wild Bunch singlehanded. The Wild Bunch are a gang of bandits who launder their loot of stolen gold via a fake goldmine. The owner sends them after Beauregard because the latter\'s now-dead brother was in on the deal. Nobody dogs Beauregard through the west, encountering many who wish him dead, and pesters him to let him stage his grand finale. Eventually, the grand shoot-out does take place by a railway line. Nobody arranges for Beauregard to shoot at the Wild Bunch\'s mirrored-concho-decorated saddles which, he\'s discovered, contain sticks of dynamite, thus letting a few good shots eliminate many of the men. To escape, the two board a train that Nobody has stolen. Finally, Nobody fakes a very public showdown with Beauregard, "killing" him and allowing him to slip away quietly. A street sign, marking where the gunfight took place, says "Nobody Was Faster On The Draw". Beauregard boards a boat for Europe and a quiet retirement, while Nobody takes up his own life of adventure.'] ['Nero portarys Tom Corbett, a prospector called back to his hometown by a family friend. Upon his arrival in the town, Tom finds it under the control of a powerful, corrupt family. With the help of his alcoholic brother, Tom sets out to challenge the family and free the town from their rule.'] ["Giuliano Gemma plays a civil war soldier who returns home to find his family decimated. As if this wasn't enough, his property has been taken over by a family of Mexican bandits and his fiancee about to marry the Mexican gangster behind all this. He decides to go undercover disguised as a Mexican, and discovers he has a daughter."] ['Johnny Liston heads back to his hometown after 12 years in jail, during which time his ruthless brother Sartana  has taken over control of the town. Johnny is determined to battle Sartana to bring justice.'] ['The sole survivors from a vigilante attack on a wild west town, gambler Stubby Preston, pregnant prostitute Bunny, alcoholics Clem and Bud, who see ghosts, strike out for the next town. On the trail, the four draw the attention of Chaco, a bandit gunman. At first, Chaco is cautiously accepted into the travelling party, but then he poisons the group with hallucinogens and leaves them to die. The survivors then find a mining town, where Bunny goes into labor. After tragedy befalls Bunny, Stubby seeks his revenge against Chaco.'] ["Colonel Jonas is a fanatical and unrepentant Confederate who led a regiment called the Hellbenders in the recently ended War Between the States. Similar to Edmund O'Brien's character in Rio Conchos, he is determined to reorganise the Southern Army and defeat the Union. With his sons Ben, greedy Nat, and rapist Jeff, he massacres Union soldiers transporting a consignment of banknotes and conceals the loot in a coffin supposedly belonging to a deceased Confederate officer, Captain Ambrose who was killed in the Battle of Nashville. A drunken prostitute, Kitty, pretends to be the officer's widow. When Kitty is killed attempting a double-cross, Ben persuades Claire, a combination saloon hostess and professional gambler, to take Kitty's place - they fall in love. They consummate their love during a gunfight between Jonas and a local bounty hunter. The cool Claire proves her worth when feigning grief to a sheriff's posse who stop the wagon and wish to search the coffin suspecting the party may have been responsible for the theft and massacre. The party has another close shave when they stop in a town where the local minister who knew the late Captain Ambrose forces the party to stay for a memorial service where the town can pay their respects. Later the party is attacked by Mexican bandidos but is rescued by the US Cavalry who capture several of the Bandidos. Heeding Claire's wishes, the soldiers escort the wagon to the fort where Captain Ambrose was a former commander. Claire, resentful of Jonas' fanaticism, arranges for the coffin to be buried in 'her' husband's fort. Jonas orders his sons to sneak back into the Union fort, dig up the coffin, and return the money to the buckboard; in the meantime, he whips Claire and makes her stay outside of the cave where the group takes shelter in the storm, leading Claire to become deathly ill from pneumonia. The group moves on - but their horses are killed what appears to be a mad beggar but is a thief who wishes to rob them. They later fall afoul of Indians who were thought to be 'friendly' and would be agreeable to selling horses to the Hellbenders. The chief demands that Jeff  be handed over to him. Ben denounces his family's fanaticism and offers the Indians all the money in the coffin, only to be caught in the crossfire between his arguing brothers, who shoot each other over the money; satisfied, the Indians ride away. The mortally wounded Jonas discovers that he has dug up the wrong coffin that contains the remains of the Chief Bandido who promised Jonas they would meeta gain. Jones crawls away like a real hellbender dragging the coffin which falls into the river, as the flag of the fictional Hellbenders regiment floats down the river to the Jonas ranch."] ["A couple of bandits, Cat and Hutch, have robbed his bank, so the bank's president takes a chance. He saves condemned outlaw Cacopoulous from hanging and hires him to go catch the thieves and get his money back. The scheme backfires because the bank president is one of the men who caused him to be sentenced to prison in the first place, so Cacopoulos shoots him dead. He searches for the missing money, finds it, then loses it gambling. He also hunts for Drake, another of the men who sent him to jail. Cat and Hutch turn up and form a partnership with Cacopoulos, agreeing to work together to get the money back and then split it three ways. They end up gambling for it in a casino, after which Cacopoulos finally has his showdown with Drake."] ['Zorro ([[Robert Livingston  has been captured and set for execution, charged with the murder of the new Governor  in Spanish California, as the Governor was marked with a "Z". Zorro escapes, and reveals his identity to the Governor\'s daughter, Isabella ([[Heather Angel . However, Isabella then has Don Diego arrested. He convinces Isabella that the Commandante  was the real killer, as the "Z" on the Governor was backwards. Eventually, Isabella helps free Don Diego, the Commandante is killed, and Diego and Isabella reunite.'] [' The film portrays two conflicts that take place around Flagstone, a fictional town in the American Old West: a land battle related to construction of a railroad, and a mission of vengeance against a cold-blooded killer. The main storyline revolves around a struggle for Sweetwater, a piece of land near Flagstone containing the region\'s only water source. The land was bought by Brett McBain, who foresaw that the railroad would have to pass through that area to provide water for the steam locomotives. When railroad tycoon Morton learns of this, he sends his hired gun Frank to simply intimidate McBain to move off the land, but Frank instead kills McBain and his three children, planting evidence on the scene to frame the bandit Cheyenne and his gang. By the time McBain\'s new bride, Jill, arrives from New Orleans, the family is dead and she is the owner of the land.  Meanwhile, a mysterious harmonica-playing gunman, whom Cheyenne later dubs "Harmonica", pursues Frank. In the film\'s opening scene, Harmonica kills three men sent by Frank to kill him, and, in a roadhouse on the way to Sweetwater, he informs Cheyenne that the three gunfighters he killed appeared to be posing as Cheyenne\'s men. Sometime later, Harmonica kills two men sent by Frank to kill Jill. Back at Sweetwater, construction materials are delivered to build a railroad station and a small town. Harmonica explains to Cheyenne that Jill will lose Sweetwater unless the station is built by the time the track\'s construction crews reach that point, and Cheyenne puts his men to work building it.  Meanwhile, Frank turns against Morton, who wanted to make a deal with Jill. Frank\'s betrayal is made easy by the fact that Morton is crippled. After having his way with her, Frank forces Jill to sell the property in an auction. He tries to buy the farm cheaply by intimidating the other bidders, but Harmonica arrives, holding Cheyenne at gunpoint, and makes a much higher bid based on his reward money for delivering Cheyenne to the authorities. After rebuffing another intimidation attempt by Frank, Harmonica sells the farm back to Jill. At this point, some of Frank\'s men try to kill Frank, having been paid by Morton to turn against him, but Harmonica helps Frank kill them in order to save that privilege for himself. After Morton and the rest of Frank\'s men are killed in a battle with Cheyenne\'s gang, Frank goes to Sweetwater to confront Harmonica. On two occasions, Frank has asked Harmonica who he is, but both times Harmonica refused to answer him. Instead, he mysteriously quoted names of men Frank has murdered. The two men position themselves for a duel, at which point Harmonica\'s motive for revenge is revealed in a flashback: When Harmonica was a boy, Frank forced the boy to kill his own brother by tying a noose to the top of an arch, placing it around the brother\'s neck, and forcing the struggling Harmonica to support his brother on his shoulders with a harmonica in his mouth. Harmonica draws first and shoots Frank, and when Frank again asks who he is, he puts the harmonica in Frank\'s mouth. Frank nods weakly in recognition and dies. With Frank dead, Harmonica and Cheyenne say goodbye to Jill, who is supervising construction of the train station as the track-laying crews reach Sweetwater. Cheyenne collapses, revealing that he was shot during the fight with Frank\'s gang. The work train arrives, Jill is carrying water to the rail workers, and Harmonica rides off with Cheyenne\'s body.'] ['The film opens as the films protagonist, a gunfighter known as "Angel Face" or Ringo, kills four men in a gunfight. He is then arrested for manslaughter and locked up in the city jail where he awaits trial. Meanwhile, Major Clyde and his daughter Ruby are celebrating Christmas with several guests on their ranch. They are interrupted by a bandit gang who storm the hacienda and take them hostage. The bandits have narrowly escaped from a bank robbery in which their leader Sancho has been wounded. In a desperate attempt to deter their pursuers, they decide to hold the family hostage threatening to execute two a day until they are allowed to go free. The house is surrounded by a posse led by the town sheriff, however he fears for the safety of the hostages, including his fiancee Ruby, if he attempts to free the hostage by force. He decides to enlist the aid of Ringo, who agrees to infiltrate the gang and free the hostages in exchange for his freedom and a percentage of the stolen money. He manages to successfully join up with the gang, posing as a fellow outlaw on the run, however Ringo\'s plans quickly become complicated as Sancho begins ordering the execution of hostages as well as the tension within the house as Delores, Sancho\'s woman, encourages Major Clyde\'s romantic feelings while one of Sancho\'s men begins making advances towards Major Clyde\'s daughter, Ruby. He at first seems to double-cross the sheriff, however he succeeds in deceiving Sancho and allows the sheriff and his posse to storm the hacienda freeing the hostages and defeating Sancho and his bandits.'] ["1883. Clay, a gunfighter going blind, escapes from Drunner Labor Camp determined to prove his innocence - he has been framed by Fox, now his successor as sheriff of Mesa Encantada. Fox has susbsequently been hired by the townspeople to protect them from Ortiz' bandits; instead, he now runs a protection racket. The town continues to be terrorized by Ortiz, who tries to hire Clay to kill Fox. But Ortiz's mistress Estella turns him against Clay and enables Fox to ambush the pair of them. Fox kills Ortiz, plans to ditch Estella. She helps Clay escape and, despite losing his sight, manages to decimate Fox's gang. He kills Fox, and saves his own daughter, Nancy. (Various VHS and DVD versions end with Clay lying apparently dead in the street, with Nancy at his side. This is a more pessimistic ending, in the style of Corbucci's later masterpieces, Django and The Great Silence. But in the Italian version, there is an afterword in which the Cavalry, having presumably dealt with any surviving malefactors, ride off, and Clay - now wearing glasses - bids goodbye to Nancy and her beau . He then rides off. Corbucci lets Clay reach the horizon, then cuts to a medium shot of Clay taking off his glasses, throwing them in the air, and shooting holes in both lenses. His sight, miraculously, has been completely restored."] ['Professor Brad Fletcher , a teacher from New England, leaves his job and travels to Texas due to his ill health. After arriving in the west, he ends up taken hostage by a wounded outlaw, Solomon "Beauregard" Bennet . Fletcher helps Bennet regain his health and manages to convince Bennet that he is more valuable to him alive than dead. Through their uneasy friendship, Fletcher takes an interest in the outlaw way of life. Instead of returning home, he decides to join the "Bennet\'s Raiders". Fletcher\'s influence on Bennet soon causes the formerly cold-blooded killer to rethink his violent behaviour, whereas Fletcher\'s transformation from a peaceful professor to a confident and greedy criminal makes him break his own moral codes. Due to his intellect and ambition, Fletcher becomes a key member of the gang and soon challenges Bennet for the leader\'s position. After proving his worth in a duel, Fletcher plans and executes his first bank robbery. After one of the gang members turns out to be Charlie Siringo ([[William Berger , a Pinkerton detective, Fletcher and Bennet find out there is a vigilante group after them.{{cite web}}'] ['After surviving his family being massacred, a young boy is taken in and raised by a preacher. Years later he comes face to face with the man that killed his family and he is tempted into back into violence.'] ["Sabata, a former Confederate army officer and steely eyed, quick-drawing impossibly accurate gunman with a trick gun is working for a travelling circus as a stunt marksman. The circus comes to a small Texas town, where a former subordinate officer, a lieutenant from the army is running a crooked casino. The man owes Sabata $5,000 from sometime ago. Then the circus manager runs off with the circus funds, so Sabata decides to stay in town and try to collect on the debt from his friend. Sabata then runs into conflict with the town's land baron, McIntock, who imposes high taxes on gambling, drinking and prostitution with the supposed idea of building the town up, using the money. Sabata who is after the money himself finds out that the townspeople's money in McIntock's safe is counterfeit and that he and the priest have hidden it elsewhere, in the form of gold coins. After a few attempts on his life and lots of badmen dying under his guns, Sabata and the lieutenant are apparently killed so McIntock goes for the money only to find them both still alive. Sabata is helped throughout by his friends; the acrobat, his partner and a fat, pompous man who is anything but what he seems."] ['A young rancher, swindled in a cattle deal, kills a rancher, in self defense, who has accused him of stealing his cattle. He then gets caught up in adventure and romance as he tries to prove his innocence and clear his name.'] ["Vince Carden's hatred for Indians has caused an estrangement from his brother Paul and disappointment from wife Martha. A wagon train joined by Paul is attacked by braves in retaliation for a raid by Vince, and the only survivor besides Paul is a woman, Kate Mayfield, returning home from her education back East. Vince organizes one more attack, pitting him against not only the Indians but his own brother."] ['In a desolate ghost town during the American Civil War, bandit Tuco Ramirez  narrowly shoots his way past three bounty hunters to freedom, killing two but only badly wounding the third. Miles away, Angel Eyes  interrogates a former soldier called Stevens  about a missing man named Jackson who has taken on the name "Bill Carson"  and a cache of stolen Confederate gold. He brutally guns down Stevens and his eldest son after the interrogation, but not before Stevens pays Angel Eyes to kill Angel Eyes\' employer, another former soldier named Baker. Angel Eyes later collects his fee for Stevens\' killing from Baker, and then shoots and kills him, too. Meanwhile, during Tuco\'s flight across the desert he runs into a group of bounty hunters who prepare to capture him when they are approached by Blondie , a mysterious lone gunman who challenges the hunters to the draw, which he wins with lightning speed. Initially elated, Tuco is enraged when Blondie delivers him up to the local authorities for the reward money of $2,000. Hours later, as Tuco awaits his execution, Blondie surprises the authorities and frees Tuco by shooting the execution rope; the two later meet to split the reward money, revealing their lucrative money-making scheme. After Tuco\'s bounty is raised to $3,000, the two repeat the process at another town before Blondie, weary of Tuco\'s incessant complaints about the dividing of the profits from their scheme, abandons him in the desert, keeping all of the money. A livid Tuco manages to make it to another town and rearm himself with a revolver. Some time later in another town, Tuco enlists three outlaws to come with him to kill Blondie. As the three men break into Blondie\'s room, Blondie shoots and kills all three of them, but to Blondie\'s surprise Tuco climbs up through his back window and aims his gun at Blondie and captures him while a skirmish between Union and Confederate troops rages on outside. As Tuco prepares to kill Blondie by fashioning a noose and forcing Blondie to put it around his neck, a cannonball hits the hotel and demolishes the room, allowing Blondie to escape. Following a relentless search, Tuco captures Blondie as he is using the same scheme with another partner  and marches him across the harsh desert. When Blondie finally collapses from dehydration and heatstroke, Tuco prepares to kill him but pauses when a runaway ambulance carriage appears on the horizon heading their way. Inside, while looting the dead soldiers, Tuco discovers a dying Bill Carson, who reveals that $200,000 in stolen Confederate gold is buried in a grave in Sad Hill cemetery but falls unconscious before naming the grave. When Tuco returns with water, he discovers Carson dead and Blondie slumped against the carriage beside Carson\'s body. Before passing out, Blondie says that Carson told him the name on the grave, so now Tuco and Blondie know half of the secret of the location but neither can get the gold without the help of the other. Tuco takes Blondie  to a Catholic mission run by Tuco\'s older brother Father Pablo. Tuco nurses Blondie back to health, and the two leave, still disguised. They inadvertently encounter a force of Union soldiers . They are captured and marched to a Union prison camp. At the camp, Corporal Wallace  calls the roll. Tuco answers for Bill Carson, catching the attention of Angel Eyes, now disguised as a Union Sergeant stationed at the camp. Angel Eyes has Wallace viciously beat and torture Tuco into revealing Sad Hill Cemetery as the location of the gold, but Tuco also confesses that only Blondie knows the name on the grave. Convinced that Blondie would not be easily broken, Angel Eyes offers to take Tuco\'s place in the partnership to recover the gold. Blondie agrees and rides out with Angel Eyes and his posse. Meanwhile, Tuco escapes while being transported by train to his execution, killing Corporal Wallace in the process. We next see Angel Eyes\' gang, including Blondie, arriving in a town that\'s rapidly being evacuated due to heavy artillery fire. Tuco, wandering aimlessly through the wreckage of that same town, is oblivious of the bounty hunter that survived at the start of the movie , who tracks and ambushes Tuco who is taking a bath in an abandoned building. Despite the surprise, Tuco shoots and kills the bounty hunter. Blondie investigates the gunshot, finding Tuco and informing him of Angel Eyes\'s involvement. The two resume their old partnership, stalking through the wrecked town and killing Angel Eyes\' henchmen before discovering that Angel Eyes has escaped and left an insulting note for them. Tuco and Blondie find their way to Sad Hill Cemetery, but it is blocked by large Union and Confederate forces who are separated only by a narrow bridge. Each side is preparing to fight for it, but apparently both sides have been ordered not to destroy the bridge. Reasoning that if the bridge were destroyed "these idiots would go somewhere else to fight", Blondie and Tuco wire the bridge with dynamite. During the process, the two trade information, Tuco revealing Sad Hill Cemetery as the gold\'s location and Blondie saying that the name on the grave is Arch Stanton. The two then take cover as the bridge blows up and the two armies resume their battle. The next morning, the Confederate and Union soldiers have gone. Tuco abandons Blondie  to retrieve the gold for himself at the cemetery. Frantically searching the sea of makeshift tombstones and grave markers, Tuco finally locates Arch Stanton\'s grave. As he digs, Blondie appears  and tosses him a shovel. A second later, the two are surprised by Angel Eyes, who holds them at gunpoint. Blondie kicks open Stanton\'s grave to reveal just a skeleton. Declaring that only he knows the real name of the grave, Blondie writes it on a rock in the middle of the graveyard and tells Tuco and Angel Eyes that "two hundred thousand dollars is a lot of money. We\'re going to have to earn it." The three stare each other down in the circular center of the cemetery, calculating alliances and dangers in a Mexican standoff before suddenly drawing. Blondie shoots Angel Eyes, who tries to shoot Blondie while he is down only to be shot by Blondie again and roll into an open grave, dead. Tuco also tries to shoot Angel Eyes, but discovers that Blondie had unloaded his gun the night before. Blondie directs Tuco to the grave marked "Unknown" next to Arch Stanton\'s. Tuco digs and is overjoyed to find bags of gold inside, but is shocked when he turns to Blondie and finds himself staring at a noose. Seeking a measure of revenge for what Tuco has done to him, Blondie forces Tuco to stand atop a tottery grave marker and fixes the noose around his neck, binding Tuco\'s hands before riding off with his share of the gold. As Tuco screams for mercy, Blondie\'s silhouette returns on the horizon, aiming a rifle at him. Blondie fires a single shot and severs the noose rope, dropping Tuco face-first onto his share of the gold. Blondie smiles and rides off as Tuco, who has his gold but is tied up and has no horse, curses him in rage by shouting "Hey Blondie! You know what you are? Just a dirty son of a bitch!"'] ['A stranger arrives at the little Mexican border town of San Miguel. An innkeeper, Silvanito, tells the Stranger about the bitter feud between two families vying to gain control of the town: on the one side, the Rojo brothers, consisting of Don Miguel , Esteban , and Ramón ; on the other, the family of the town sheriff, John Baxter The Stranger, spying an opportunity to make money from the situation, decides to play both families against each other. His opportunity comes when a detachment of Mexican soldiers escorting a shipment of gold passes through the town. The gold is ostensibly being delivered to a troop of American soldiers in exchange for weapons, but following the Mexican troops out of town, the Stranger witnesses them being massacred by members of the Rojo gang, dressed in American uniforms and led by Ramon Rojo. The Rojos take the gold. The Stranger takes two of the bodies to a nearby cemetery and sells information to both sides that two Mexican soldiers survived the attack. Both sides race to the cemetery, the Baxters to get the "survivors" to testify against the Rojos, the Rojos to silence them. The factions engage in a fierce gunfight, with Ramon managing to "kill" the "survivors" and Esteban capturing John Baxter\'s son, Antonio. While the Rojos and the Baxters are fighting, the Stranger searches the Rojo hacienda for the gold but accidentally knocks out Ramón\'s beautiful prisoner and unwilling mistress, Marisol, when she surprises him. He takes her to the Baxters, who, in turn, arrange to return her to the Rojos in exchange for Antonio. During the exchange, the Stranger learns Marisol\'s history from Silvanito: "... a happy little family until trouble comes along. And trouble is the name of Ramon, claiming the husband cheated at cards, which wasn\'t true. He gets the wife to live with him as hostage." That night, while the Rojos are celebrating, the Stranger rides out and frees Marisol, shooting the guards and wrecking the house in which she is being held in order to make it appear as if it were attacked by the Baxters. The Stranger tells Marisol, her husband, and their son to leave town, at the same time giving them some money to tide them over. Marisol asks the Stranger, "Why do you do this for us?", and for the first and only time the Stranger provides an insight into his actions: "Why? Because I knew someone like you once. There was no one there to help." Discovering that he freed Marisol, the Rojos capture and beat the Stranger, but he escapes, killing Chico in the process. Believing the Stranger to be protected by the Baxters, the Rojos set fire to the Baxter home and massacre all the residents as they are forced to flee. Among the dead are John Baxter, his wife, Consuelo, and Antonio. Now the only gang left in San Miguel, the Rojos confront and beat Silvanito, who they think is hiding the Stranger. The Stranger returns to town, where he faces the Rojos in a dramatic showdown. With a steel chest plate hidden beneath his poncho, he taunts Ramon to "aim for the heart" as Ramon\'s rifle shots bounce off. Killing all present except Ramon, the Stranger challenges Ramon to reload his rifle faster than he, the Stranger, can reload his pistol. He then shoots and kills Ramon. Esteban Rojo, unseen by the Stranger and aiming at him from a nearby building, is shot dead by Silvanito. The Stranger says his goodbyes and rides from the town.'] ["Philipp Wermeer has been framed for the murder of a powerful figure known as The Patriarch. Wermeer escapes, but the three Saxon brothers, sons of The Patriarch, have arranged for a large bounty on Wermeer's head. Clayton is a grizzled ex-sheriff stripped of his office in Jefferson after refusing to acknowledge Wermeer's guilt. During a series of fire-fights, Clayton contrives to help Wermeer escape from attacks of bounty-hunters. Together, the two make their way to Saxon City, where they can confront the three powerful Saxon brothers, and reveal the surprising truth about who killed The Patriarch. The film's music was composed by future Academy Award winner Luis Enríquez Bacalov. The film's title score was later used in Quentin Tarantino's film Kill Bill Vol. 1."] ["After having robbed a bank for $100,000 in gold bars, Dan Hogan  and his gang meet up at the Jackal's Ranch stage coach weigh station near the Mexican border, where Hogan's girlfriend Eleanor  is to surreptitiously bring their stolen gold to them. While they await her arrival, they encounter John Webb , a stranger who had shot the man who was to be their guide and who himself wants half their gold in exchange for leading them secretly into Mexico. Hogan agrees and the group takes off through the desert with the law close behind."] ["An outlaw masquerades as a blind man's son in order to trick him into a cache of Gold. After a while he grows attached to the family and all goes well until the outlaws gang comes through town..."] ['The film opens in a small South Texas bordertown in the 1850s. A poor farmer and his young son arrive into the settlement where the farmer confronts Luke Fletcher ([[Donald O\'Brien , a thieving henchman employed by wealthy land baron Richard Barrett. The man complains to Fletcher that he had been cheated by Barrett claiming he had been sold a deed to non-existent property. Fletcher finally shoots the farmer, killing the man in front of his young son, and begins laughing. His son then picks up his father\'s gun, uses it to kill Fletcher, and rides out of town with Fletcher\'s horse and a distinctive silver-trimmed saddle. The boy is next seen several years later and has since become a hardened bounty hunter calling himself Roy Blood . He meets an elderly drifter, Two-Strike Snake ([[Geoffrey Lewis , who accompanies him to the frontier town of Cerriotts. Snake is a colorful character who claims that the story of the "silver saddle" and the boy who avenged his father\'s death is well known and that he wishes to join Blood in his travels. On the way, Snake often scavenges the remains of those killed in gunfights by Roy Blood. Their arrival in Cerriotts is noticed by several townspeople, in particular, a local cowboy known as Turner . Blood visits the town whorehouse where he meets with an old girlfriend, Shiba , who is also its madam. She tells Blood that she is being extorted by a man called Shep who collects the money on behalf of a Mexican bandit named Garrincha . Shiba enlists Blood\'s help in taking care of Garrincha and his gang. Indeed, Blood confronts and kills Shep and several of Garrincha\'s men in a gunfight. Afterwards, Turner appears to offer Blood $2,000 to kill a man called Barrett. Blood is hesitant to take the murder contract, but accepts the offer upon recognizing the name of the land baron who had swindled his father years before. The murder is arraigned to take place in a graveyard outside town where Barrett is expected to arrive. Blood lies in wait with a rifle until a carriage eventually pulls up. Its occupant is a young boy however, not the older land baron he had expected, who enters the graveyard carrying a funeral wreath. Blood then sees several men who ambush the child, but before they can kill him, Blood shoots the assassins and rides off with the boy. Blood learns the boy\'s name is Thomas Barrett, Jr. , the son of his intended victim Richard Barrett. The elder Barrett has been dead for several years and Thomas, Jr. has since been cared for by his uncle Thomas Barrett, Sr. . Angered at being cheated out of his revenge, Blood leaves the boy stranded in the hillside with only a knife and blanket. Back at the Barrett homestead, the Thomas\'s older sister Margaret  is upset over her brother\'s disappearance. Thomas, Sr. discusses the search with Turner, who is revealed to be the ranch foreman, and is decided by the land baron that Roy Blood is the kidnapper and posts a $5,000 bounty. Meanwhile, Blood is rejoined by Snake who offers him a deal. Snake reveals that he took in Thomas, Jr. after he left and intends to ransom the boy back to the Barrett family. Blood is also informed that the bounty was a ploy used to kill himself and the boy, with Blood being blamed for the murder. Blood hides out at Shiba\'s whorehouse, and where Thomas, Jr. is looked after, while Shiba obtains information on the Barrett family. Using her feminine wiles, she is able to learn that after the death of Richard Barrett, his fortune was divided between his children and his brother. However, Thomas gambled away his half of the inheritance while the family fortune was possessed by his children. The will provided that if Thomas, Jr. died, Margaret would inherit the entire fortune. It is presumed that is the motivating factor for Thomas Barrett, Sr. to marry his niece. Thomas, Jr. is eventually spotted by Turner while visiting the whorehouse and Blood takes him to the San Jacinto monastery located several miles away. The gun-toting padre of the monastery promises to protect the boy while Blood goes after Turner. He eventually confronts Turner and his men at an abandoned farmhouse where a shootout occurs and Blood kills Turner. But at the monastery, the bandit Garrincha and his gang have killed all the priests and taken Thomas, Jr. whom they plan to ransom for themselves. Blood is later arrested by the sheriff  who believes he is a member of Garrincha\'s band. The bandit leader demands $10,000 for the safe return of the boy. Thomas, Sr., against the advice of the sheriff, agrees to pay the ransom and sends out a messenger to deliver the money to Garrincha\'s camp. The courier is murdered once he hands the money to the bandits. With the help of Margaret, Blood eventually escapes from the town jail and reunites with Snake to track down Garrincha. They finally find the bandit\'s hideout when Thomas, Jr. flies a kite over its location. Blood and Snake arrive to find Garrincha whipping the boy after discovering his ruse. A gun battle with Garrincha and his men results in the death of the bandit, but not before Snake is killed. Blood returns to the Barrett ranch with Thomas, Jr. and exposes his uncle\'s role in the kidnapping revealing that Thomas, Sr. had planned with Turner to kill his niece and nephew so that he would gain the family inheritance. Garrincha was also part of the plan, Thomas, Sr. staging a false kidnapping and ransom payment to avert suspicion from himself, and had intended to kill Turner as well as Margaret once he married her. Blood kills Thomas, Sr. with one of his ornamental pistols. The film\'s conclusion shows Blood riding out of town with Thomas, Jr. alongside him.'] ['{{plot}} Trinity  comes into view accompanied by the movie\'s song. His horse is dragging him around in a travois. He is filthy, yet seems perfectly content as the horse drags him across the desert and through water crossings. When the horse stops near a dwelling, Trinity gets up, pulls on his boots, gets stung by a scorpion hiding in the boot but is clearly insusceptible to the venom then he drags his Colt 45 in holster and walks inside. It is the Chaparral Stagecoach Station and restaurant. The owner, noting Trinity\'s wretched appearance, tells him he will sell him a plate of beans if he has money to pay, a fly infested misshapen slattern prepares the dish. Trinity takes the frying pan along with the plate, scraping the beans from the plate back into the pan and proceeds to eat from the pan with gusto, punctuated by occasional loud burping. The eating scenes are a frequent comic element of the movies in which the team of Terence Hill and Bud Spencer appear. There are two white men in the restaurant with an injured Mexican prisoner. The two men are bounty hunters and are disappointed to see that Trinity\'s face does not appear in their batch of Wanted posters and proceed to disparage him for his sooty unkempt appearance. After Trinity has eaten every scrap in the pan, he gets up, strolls over to the men\'s table, and calmly relieves them of their prisoner. When they ask him his name so they\'ll know what to put on the headstone, he answers, "They call me Trinity." The resulting double-take foreshadows Trinity\'s notoriety. Trinity offers them a disarming grin when they refer to him as the "Right Hand of the Devil" and tell him that it\'s said he has "the fastest gun around." As he walks outside with their prisoner, the men stick their rifle through a window in preparation to shoot Trinity. But in one smooth movement from behind his back and apparently without aiming, Trinity drops both men in their tracks. It\'s a zen move showing his effortless, almost mystic skill with a gun. He casually gives the injured Mexican his spot on the travois as he perches himself backwards on the horse so the men can converse as they travel. Soon they reach a small town where an enormous man with a sheriff\'s star on his chest is seated outside his office, apparently trying to read a newspaper. He is being harassed by three local toughs standing in the street loudly demanding that he release their friend from jail. Trinity stops to watch the developing gunfight, predicting to the Mexican that the toughs will be "stiff before they hit the ground." When the enormous man quickdraws them with his left hand and outshoots them without blinking, the Mexican asks Trinity who the fast gun is and is told the enormous man is the "Left Hand of the Devil." It quickly becomes apparent that Trinity and the enormous man, an omnipotent bearded buffoon with squinty eyes—comically called Bambino , are brothers. Bambino  is merely posing as the sheriff of the small town while he awaits the arrival of his gang from the penitentiary from which he escaped. He is not happy to see his troublemaking brother. However, the two form a temporary partnership to deal with Major Harriman , who is attempting to run a group of pacifist Mormon farmers off their land with the intention of using their property to graze his own horses. The fact that these horses are valuable and unbranded explain Bambino\'s grudging willingness to work with his little brother even though he considers Trinity to be a shiftless bum without ambition. However, Trinity has fallen in love with two Mormon sisters and is genuinely concerned with the Mormon settlers\' welfare. He persuades Bambino and Bambino\'s henchmen to help train the pacifistic Mormons to fight, and in the final battle, the Mormon leader finds in the Book of Ecclesiastes in the Bible that "there is a time for fighting," and the Mormons are unleashed against Major Harriman\'s goons, using the dirty fighting tricks they learned. Bambino is flabbergasted and then infuriated to learn that Trinity has given the Major\'s horses to the Mormons. Trinity is about to be happily married to the two Mormon sisters when he learns to his horror that being a married Mormon means actually having to work. So he skips out and goes after Bambino. But his brother has had enough of him and sends him off in the opposite direction. Trinity gets the last laugh, though. He directs the real sheriff  in Bambino\'s direction. There are slight differences between the original Italian version and the dubbed English version. In the former, the injured Mexican has more dialogue explaining that he was arrested for knifing a gringo who tried to rape his wife.'] ['The film begins with Bambino  walking through the desert. He sees smoke from a campfire, and goes to investigate. There he finds four escaped Denver convicts, and steals their beans and horses, after knocking one convict out with a single blow to the top of his head. When the guy awakens he has become addlepated, and that becomes a running gag throughout the film. Next, the film starts the opening credits and the title song, while we see Trinity  on his travois. He wakes up to see the campfire Bambino saw. The convicts are trying to fry more beans. Trinity pretends to be an innocent lackwit, even advising the convicts to try to snap their addlepated companion out of his state by hitting him on the head again. When this doesn\'t work, the convicts decide to punish the "kid" by just "winging" him, but Trinity defends himself by displaying his superior gun skills. Trinity then steals the beans and tricks them into fighting each other to see which one he doesn\'t shoot. He leaves them fighting. The next scene is Bambino at home taking a bath. His father sees Trinity and they both go inside. Bambino is furious to see Trinity because in the last film Trinity had given a thirty-horse herd away. Trinity takes a very quick bath and everyone goes to the table for lunch. Then the four convicts show up and try to attack Trinity and Bambino, but their mother sneaks around from the back entrance and ushers them out with a shotgun. That night, Trinity\'s father has some kind of an attack, and it appears he might not live long. He makes Trinity and Bambino promise to work together. When Bambino leaves the room, it is revealed that his dad was faking it. Bambino is forced to teach Trinity how to be a successful horse thief. They see a wagon with two tired mules who are not moving, and attempt to rob the passengers. But all they find instead is a family with a farting baby and a young girl Trinity falls for. The family isn\'t moving because a wheel broke and they can\'t change it because the wagon is too heavy. Trinity and Bambino end up helping the family, with Bambino doing all the heavy lifting. When Trinity and Bambino arrive in town, they head to the local saloon. Inside, Trinity, Bambino, and two cowboys play a card game with a professional card sharp named Wild Card Hendriks. Thanks to his cardsharping skills, Trinity deals everybody a potentially winning hand. However, his hand is a little bit better, so he wins, and is accused of being a cheater. Trinity and Wild Card get a drink because Wild Card says a bullet hurts less with some alcohol in your system. Bambino  keeps the other two card players from interfering. Trinity displays his extreme speed by drawing his gun, holstering it and then slaping Hendricks in the face, all before Wild Card Hendricks can react. He does this a number of times. Wild Card finally leaves unavenged. He still tries to shoot Trinity from behind, but Trinity shoots him in the hand. Trinity and Bambino buy new suits with the winnings, then run into the family they helped earlier. They lie, saying they are federal agents. Then they go into a restaurant and buy dinners, taking advantage of the deal by consuming huge quantities of food. When they leave, they meet a man who gives them four thousand dollars to "keep their eyes shut," thinking they are federal agents . Then they hide on the side of the road to wait for some horses they can steal, but run into the same family as before. They have a nice little dinner with them and part ways. The two brothers travel to a town called San José. They go into a bar and start a brawl. They arrest some convicts and take them to the local sheriff for the bounty. The sheriff informs Trinity and Bambino that everyone in San José works for the man who paid them the four thousand dollars. The brothers go to the mission, only because the sheriff tells them they should not go there. There they find that the man who paid them off also uses the mission to store stolen loot. The brothers try to trick the local monks into helping him and Bambino beat the outlaws, while actually planning to take the loot for themselves. After a seven-minute long fight, a group of Rangers show up. One of them thinks he recognizes Bambino as a wanted horse thief. To allay his suspicions, Trinity gives the Ranger the stolen loot. The brothers escape and run into the family yet again, as the film ends.'] ['Set in Mexico under the rule of Emperor Maximilian I, Sabata is hired by the guerrilla leader Señor Ocaño to steal a wagonload of gold from the Austrian army. However, when Sabata and his partners Escudo and Ballantine obtain the wagon, they find it is not full of gold but of sand, and that the gold was taken by Austrian Colonel Skimmel. So Sabata plans to steal back the gold.'] ["Running from his pursuers, Cat Stevens  hides in a circus where Thomas  is working. Cat manages to escape, but Thomas' son is killed by a murderous gunman. Seeking revenge, Thomas searches for Cat, and then together go to meet with Hutch Bessy  and his mute friend Babydoll. Here Cat explains to Hutch the situation in which their friend Sharp is found. A gold mining community is oppressed by a criminal organisation who claim the gold and property for themselves when a yearly visit from the Judge arrives. Aided by Mami's circus, the four manage to finish off the criminals and inform the judge of the situation."] ['The young English nobleman Sir Thomas Fitzpatrick Phillip Moore  arrives in the West following the wish of this late father who years earlier had to leave England due to an affair. The trouble led to a conflict with "Vicci Windsor". In the West, the young man joins up with his father\'s former pals, the stagecoach robbers Monkey , Holy Joe  and Bull . The characters are introduced as time moves on during Tom\'s journey, beginning with Bull who works at a stagecoach station disguised as a mute man. After Bull has listened in on the conversation of two headhunters and found out about the death of "The Englishman" , he begins a journey of his own. In a small town he finds a preacher who\'s in his church, conducting a fiery sermon to a somewhat dubious audience of drunkards, gamblers and easy women who he had to drive into his church just as he had to have the saloon\'s pianola moved into the church right before. Both of them then proceed to Yuma, where the third one, Monkey is in jail as usual. Through deceit they manage to free Monkey after they manage to keep him from taking revenge on the sadistic warden, because according to Holy on the day of the Lord you don\'t shoot people. From there they travel to the Englishman\'s gang\'s old hideout in the mountain, which is also the destination of Tom\'s journey, who had just before been in a stagecoach robbery performed by the masked trio of Monkey, Bull and Holy. Tom was just about to inspect the property around the log cabin when suddenly his walking stick is shot out from under him by the three crooks, who do not know who Tom is and therefore suspect him to have come back to retrieve the stolen money. Soon the situation is explained by Tom showing them a photograph of his father along with giving Holy a letter of his father for the three of them. In his letter the father asks them to make a "real man" out of his progress-loving son. Initially they fail miserably since Tom refuses to touch a weapon and would rather ride his bicycle than a horse. This changes once he meets Candida  in the town\'s thrift store, the landowner\'s daughter who he had once met before when she travelled in the same train as him and had captivated his thoughts. There she asks for Books of Lord Byron, which he can procure, unlike the trader. Candida returns his love. Since Morton , Candida\'s father\'s rough ranch administrator has also set his eyes on the girl this leads to several brawls during which Tom initially ends up on the receiving side. Only after an intensive course in all things brawling, shooting and spitting which his father\'s accomplices put him through Tom not only manages to put Morton in his place but also Candida\'s father  who has been convinced of Tom\'s skills. It ends with a happy end although Monkey, Bull and Holy leave the town in which progress has taken a footing, driving them to flee further toward the west. In the last scene they reach the Pacific, shocked to hear the whistle of a steam train and so they turned back.'] ['Sabàto, Wolff, and Saxon are three different types of con men  out to get a bag full of money stolen from a bank.'] ["One day Sam Clayton  and his gang arrive in the small town of Juno City where Father John  is the priest of the town church. After having a little bit of fun, the gang leaves town, only to be caught by father John. Vowing revenge, the gang guns him down on the steps of his church and then set about taking control of the town while waiting for the stagecoach. However, little Johnny  manages to escape with a couple of their horses and rides off to Mexico in the hope of finding the priest's brother . They soon meet and set off back across the border to clean up the town. Meanwhile Clayton discovers that he is Johnny's father. Also, some fifteen years prior during the Civil War, Jenny O'Hara had been one of Clayton's victims, adding to the mystique of the situation — as well as to the question of little Johnny's paternity — and now, enhancing the plot, Clayton takes to the idea of being a father."] ['Keoma  returns to his home town to find his brothers have sided with an outlaw, and with the help of his father and a family friend he vows revenge. Keoma also shows a mark of compassion when he saves a dying woman from a mine full of plague victims.'] ['After winning gold in a poker game, Cjamango only has it stolen by his partners. Cjamango sets out for revenge.'] ["A stagecoach is attacked by a gang led by Morgan . Sartana  arrives on the scene and kills the robbers except for Morgan who gets away. Soon after, another stagecoach is robbed and the passengers murdered by a Mexican gang, at the order of General Jose Manuel Mendoza . However, the gang is ambushed and killed by Lasky  and his men. Lasky then tells to his gang that he will meet them later. As the men are about to open the strongbox from the coach, Lasky kills them all with a Gatling gun. After opening the box and seeing it only contained rocks instead of gold, he heads into town to meet Jeff Stewal  and Alman , a politician and a banker, to collect his payment as part of an insurance fraud. After Sartana takes Lasky's money in a card game, Lasky sends Morgan, his now-partner, to kill Sartana but he fails and gets killed. Lasky then collects a gang and goes after Sartana. A shootout ensues and Sartana kills Lasky's men but allows Lasky to get away. After Lasky blackmails Stewal and Alman, the two inform Mendoza that it was Lasky who killed his men. Mendoza's men capture Lasky and try to make him talk thinking that he knows where the gold is hidden. Lasky tells him that only Sartana knows the location of the gold. Meanwhile, Stewal plans to escape with the gold, supposedly hidden in the late mayor's coffin, and Alman's wife Evelyn . After Sartana tells him that Mendoza is going to dig up the coffin with the gold and keep it all for himself, Stewal goes to check if it is true and is killed by Mendoza's men. Thinking that Mendoza now has the gold, Lasky attacks his residence and kills him and his men with his Gatling gun. Sartana also arrives and the two open the coffin and discover it is filled with rocks instead of gold. The gold has been hidden by Alman who tells his plan to his wife. Evelyn betrays and kills him, and takes Lasky to the gold, hidden in another coffin. Lasky kills Evelyn, but as Sartana arrives the two engage in a duel. Sartana kills Lasky and rides out of town with the coffin full of gold."] ['Having massacred an Indian village, outlaw Duncan finds his men falling victim to a solitary rider, Navajo Joe. Joe saves two prostitutes who have overheard Duncan plot with Lynne, the town doctor, to steal a train full of money belonging to the bank. Joe steals the train back from Duncan\'s gang. He asks the townspeople of Esperanza to pay him to protect them from Duncan, making an offer of "I want a dollar a head from every man in this town for every bandit I kill". The townspeople reject him, as they "don\'t make bargains with Indians." Lynne\'s wife Honor persuades them otherwise. Joe sets a trap for Duncan but is caught and tortured; Lynne and Honor are killed. Rescued by an old man from the saloon, Joe again steals the train and eradicates Duncan\'s gang. There is then a showdown in an Indian cemetery, where Joe reclaims the pendant which Duncan stole from his wife when he murdered her. As Joe turns, Duncan shoots Joe with a hidden gun. Injured, Joe grabs a tomahawk and throws it, hitting Duncan square in the forehead. With Duncan dead, Joe sends his horse back to town, probably for the reward.'] 