['After Father William Thomas  hangs himself in a cemetery, the gates of Hell are opened. Zombies with the abilities of super strength, teleportation and levitation appear and start killing off people in a remote town. Psychic Mary Woodhouse  appears to die of fright during a seance, and is buried – only to revive, buried alive, in her own coffin. Investigating reporter Peter Bell , who is intrigued by the case, is present at the grave-site and rescues her – only to learn it is all fated as part of a prophecy in the Book of Enoch. The death of the priest is only the beginning, and they both must travel to the rural town of Dunwich, New England and close the portal to Hell before All Saints Day, or the spirits of the dead will overtake the earth.'] ["The film begins with a woman named Sheila who is searching for her sister, who has disappeared in the southeastern jungles of Asia . Sheila  joins up with Mark , and they both encounter many perils while searching for Sheila's sister, Diana. Diana has joined a cult run by a man called Jonas, played by Ivan Rassimov. Jonas physically and sexually abuses his followers and local people alike. In one graphic scene, he rapes Sheila with a dildo covered in snake blood, and decapitates a native. In another, a native widow named Mowara  is ritualistically raped after her late husband's body is burned on a pyre. A group, consisting of Mowara, Mark, Sheila and Diana escapes into the jungle, where Diana & Mowara are caught by a group of cannibals, Diana raped, and then both hacked to death, while Mark and Sheila helplessly watch from the cover of the bushes. They quickly escape back to New York when helicopters sent by the authorities come looking for them. Back in the village, the rest of the cult commits ritual suicide."] ['A lab mix-up accidentally swaps a vaccine with a virus that turns a high school full of students and teachers into flesh-eating zombies. But all is not lost: New student Aki discovers that the swim team is immune to the plague. With the school rampaged by ravenous monsters, the girls engage in an over-the-top orgy of gory violence to save the day. Sasa Handa, Yuria Hidaka and Hiromitsu Kiba star in this comic creature feature.'] ['In a suburban Miami house, a young woman arrives home and turns on her portable radio which broadcasts another murder, several within a few days. The woman turns off the radio and begins to take a bath. Suddenly, a gray-haired, wild-eyed man appears in the bathroom and brutally stabs the woman in her left eye, killing her. The man hacks off her left leg with a machete and leaves with it. The next day at the police station, Detective Pete Thornton reviews the latest murder to a homicidal maniac doing away with nearly five women now, and there are no clues. His chief superior advices him to continue perusing the case. At Fuad Ramses Catering store, Dorothy Freemont, a wealthy socialite, arrives where she arranges for Fuad to cater a party for her daughter Suzette. Fuad agrees to cater the party for Suzette and tells Mrs. Freemont that what he\'s preparing hasn\'t been prepared for over 5,000 years. Mrs. Freemont wants the catering done in two weeks and Fuad tells her that it will be enough time to get the last of his ingredients. After Mrs. Freemont leaves, Fuad ventures to the back storage room where he has a large gold statue of the "mother of veiled darkness" which is the goddess Ishtar. Fuad is repairing a blood rite for her in order for the goddess\'s resurrection. The solution that Fuad mixes in a huge vat contains the parts of the dead women. That evening, two teenagers, Tony and Marcy, make out on a nearby beach when Fuad attacks them, subduing Tony and slicing off the top of Marcy\'s head where he removes her brain to serve as the latest ingredient. Pete Thornton arrives on the scene with the police chief where, after not getting much from the distraught Tony, they interrogate Marcy\'s mother who can only tell Pete that her daughter belonged to a book club. At a local motel, Fuad is staking out the place when he sees a drunken sailor drop his wife off at her room before taking off. Fuad knocks on the woman\'s front door to the room and attacks her when she opens the door. Fuad rips the woman\'s tongue out of her mouth as another ingredient to his \'blood feast\'. Pete continues to investigate this latest killing and also discovers that the latest murder victim also belonged to a book club. Pete attends his weekly Egyptian studies lecture at the local university with his girlfriend, who happens to be Suzette. The lecturer tells them about the Cult of Ishtar, and describes how virginal women were sacrificed to the goddess on a altar as a blood offering to the Egyptian goddess. When the lecture is over, Pete takes Suzette out for a evening drive where she becomes worried about these events and of a serial killer loose in the area. Their date gets interrupted by their car radio which the announcer says that another victim has been found near death. Pete drops Suzette home and races to the hospital where the police chief is there and informs him that the maniac has struck again and hacked off the face of another woman named Janet Blake. Pete questions Janet in her hospital bed, in which the woman, with a bandaged face, tells the detectives that the man who attacked her was old with gray hair with wild eyes, wearing a funny-looking dark suit and he said something which sounded like "Etar". Janet Blake then dies, while Pete can\'t shake the feeling why that word sounds familiar. Fuad receives a letter from Trudy requesting a copy of the book \'Ancient Weird Religious Rites\', of which Fuad Ramses is the author. Fuad calls Trudy\'s home phone number and learns that she\'s staying with Suzette. That afternoon, Fuad stakes out the Freemont residence and kidnaps Trudy from the grounds and takes her to his store. He whips her savagely and collects her blood, the last ingredient to his solution for his goddess. With Trudy missing, Mrs. Freemont insists that the party continue. Pete calls Suzette to inform her that he will be late in arriving. Meanwhile, Fuad arrives with the food that he has cooked at his store. Elsewhere, Pete calls upon the college lecturer and gets more information about the Cult of Ishtar and about the book that Fuad Ramses had wrote and figures out that Fuad is the killer since all the victims were women who personally called upon him to send them copies of his book. Pete and the police race over to Fuad Ramses\' store and find Trudy\'s chopped-up body in the back of the store. Pete tries to call Suzette to warn her, but at coincidently the same time, Fuad cuts the phone line to the Freemont house. At the Freemont party, Fuad is ready with the food, but he first asks Suzette to come into the kitchen to help him. He has Suzette lie on a counter, which he makes his altar, and says a prayer to Ishtar, as he prepares to stab her in the chest with a butcher knife as a final offering to his goddess. But this takes forever because she can\'t take him seriously. Dorothy Freemont interrupts Fuad just as he\'s about to stab Suzette, and Fuad escapes just as the police arrive. Pete and the rest of the police chase Fuad through a nearby garbage dump where Fuad attempts to escape by climbing into the back of a departing garbage truck. But the truck\'s compact blades turn on and Fuad is crushed to death. The police stop the truck and see there\'s not much left of Fuad Ramses as Pete puts it, "he died a fitting end, just like the garbage he was."'] ['The Astro Investigation and Defence Service  sends Derek, Frank, Ozzy, and Barry to investigate the disappearance of everyone in the town of Kaihoro, New Zealand. They find the town has been overrun by space aliens disguised as humans. Barry kills one of the aliens and is attacked by others. After Derek notifies Frank and Ozzy, he begins torturing Robert, an alien they caught earlier. Robert\'s screaming attracts a number of aliens in the area. Derek kills the would-be rescuers, but he is attacked by Robert and falls over a cliff, to his presumed death. Meanwhile, a charity collector named Giles is passing through Kaihoro. He is attacked by Robert, who has been eating the brains of the alien killed earlier by Barry. Giles escapes in his car and stops at a nearby house for help. Another alien answers the door and captures Giles. He later wakes up in a tub of water and is told he is about to be eaten. Derek also wakes up to find that he landed in a seagull\'s nest. He also finds that his brain is leaking out the back of his head, so he stuffs it back in and uses a hat to hold it in place. That night, Frank, Ozzy, and Barry sneak into the aliens\' house and find a room filled with bloody cardboard boxes. They kidnap an alien and Frank wears its shirt to infiltrate an alien meeting. He finds out that Kaihoro is being harvested for alien fast food. Robert vomits into a bowl, which the aliens dine on, including the disguised  Frank. He escapes and tells the team members of the plan. They sneak out to save Giles as the aliens sleep. At sunrise, they try to leave but are attacked by the aliens. Derek\'s hat is shot off, and he starts losing more of his brain, so he uses his belt as a headband. He grabs a chainsaw from the boot of his car and heads for the alien house. As the boys leave with Robert, the alien leader  and his followers transform into their true form and follow. Ozzy uses a rocket launcher to blow up Frank\'s car, which has been overrun by aliens. Frank and Ozzy hunt for Lord Crumb and kill a lot of aliens along the way. Meanwhile, Derek kills an alien with his chainsaw and replaces the missing parts of his brain with alien brain. An alien prepares to shoot Frank and Ozzy, but it is beheaded by Derek after he bursts through the wall behind it. Frank and Ozzy are shocked to see him alive. As they run, Lord Crumb shoots Ozzy in the leg and Frank fires his rocket launcher at the leader, but it misses and almost hits Derek, finally taking out a sheep in a nearby meadow. Derek is knocked out by the alien leader and the house transforms into a giant space ship, which blasts off into space with Derek still aboard. On board, Derek looks out the window to see that he is leaving Earth. Lord Crumb hears a strange, loud noise and investigates. He is killed by Derek, who ambushes him and cuts the alien in half with his chainsaw. Derek proclaims into his phone: "I\'m born again! I\'m coming to get you bastards!" He then puts on the alien leader\'s skin, laughing maniacally as he rockets towards the alien planet. On Earth, the guys drive away into the sunset in Derek\'s car.'] ["Following the scenario of Night of the Living Dead, the United States  is devastated by a phenomenon which reanimates recently deceased human beings as flesh-eating zombies, for causes unknown. Despite efforts by the U.S. Government and local civil authorities to control the situation, society has effectively collapsed and the remaining survivors seek refuge. Some rural citizens and the military have been effective in fighting the zombies in open country; but cities are helpless. The chaos has apparently spread throughout the country, as evident by infrequent television and radio broadcasts. Confusion reigns at the WGON television studio in Philadelphia by the pandemic's third week, where staff member Stephen and his girlfriend Francine are planning to steal the station's traffic helicopter to escape the zombies. Meanwhile, Roger and his SWAT team raid an apartment building where the residents are ignoring the martial law of delivering the dead to National Guardsmen. Some residents attack with rifles, and are slaughtered by the SWAT operatives and by their own reanimated dead. During the raid, Roger meets Peter, part of another SWAT team, with whom he kills the zombies concealed below the building. That night, Roger and Peter escape Philadelphia with Francine and Stephen via helicopter. Following some close calls while stopping for fuel, the group comes across a shopping mall, which becomes their sanctuary. To make the mall safe for habitation, they kill its zombie population and block the entrance to keep the zombies outside from entering. During the operation, Roger becomes infected by the zombies' mutagen; but after clearing the mall of its zombies, the four live hedonistically upon its contents. Later, they come to perceive themselves imprisoned by the zombies, and reveal that Francine is four months pregnant. The men begin to consider leaving the mall; Stephen opposes the plan, but teaches Francine how to operate the helicopter in case of emergency. Roger eventually succumbs to his wounds, reanimates, and is shot by Peter. All emergency broadcast transmissions have ceased, suggesting that most civilization around them has collapsed. Later, a gang of motorcyclists sees the helicopter during one of Francine's training sessions and invade the mall, which allows hundreds of the zombies inside. While helping Peter fighting the bikers, Stephen is shot by in the arm and tries to escape through an elevator shaft, but is attacked by zombies. While defending himself against the undead marauders, he is bitten on the leg and neck, whereupon he succumbs to his wounds and dies. As the zombies consume many of the bikers, the survivors retreat with their stolen goods. Hours later, zombies open the elevator doors and reveal Stephen, now a zombie, who leads a large group of the undead to Francine and Peter. As Stephen enters the room, Peter kills Stephen while Francine escapes to the roof. He then locks himself in a room and contemplates suicide by pointing a gun to his head. However, when a zombie bursts into the room, Peter changes his mind and fights his way up to the roof, where he joins Francine. The two then fly away in the partially fueled helicopter to an uncertain future.  According to the original screenplay, Peter and Francine were to kill themselves, and the ending credits would run over a shot of the helicopter's blades turning until the engine winds down.Dawn Of The Dead Script at Script-o-Rama During production it was decided to change the ending of the film. Much of the foreshadowing of the two suicides remained in the film, as when Francine waits for Peter and Peter puts a gun to his head, ready to shoot himself. An additional scene, showing a zombie having the top of its head cut off by the helicopter  was included early in the film. Romero has stated that the original ending was scrapped before being shot, although behind the scenes photos show the original version was at least tested. The head appliance made for Fran's suicide was instead depicted shot from its owner during the SWAT raid, made-up to resemble a bearded African American male.Alternate 'Dawn' ending surfaces. at Horrorexpress.com"] ['The cartoon opens up with two cats  talking/singing in meows (set to the tune of the 1909 pop-tune, [[Me-ow . Then we see a red cat  who hits a yellow cat talking to the female cat with a frying pan. Then the red cat tries to get the girl to kiss him. As he tries to kiss her, out of nowhere an insane dog  pops up and kisses the female cat, prompting the Durante cat to exclaim that "Everybody wants to get into the act. Umbriago! IT\'S DISGUSTING!" As the two cats fight, the female tells them whoever can bring her a bird can be her "fella". Then the red cat uses numerous tricks to stop the yellow cat. Then we see the cats climbing up the pole. Tweety states his usual catchphrase "I tawt I taw a putty tat" followed by "I tawt I taw ANOTHER putty tat". Then both cats realize that the other one is up with them and they fight and Tweety hits them with a mallet causing them to fall off the pole; then Tweety states "Aw, the poor puddy tats! They fall down and go BOOM!"  and smiles. Then the red cat wakes up, and so does the yellow but the yellow gets hit by a frying pan again. Then the cats fight again and the red cat realizes that they must use strategy . Then the red cat comes up with a plan. We then see them in an unrealistic horse costume and the red cat states that he is the head. Then Tweety pops out of the tail and grabs a bee. As he slaps it he puts it in the horse costume and hits the costume and the cats get stung and crash into a tree. Then the red cat comes up with another plan. But then Tweety lures a dog to attack the cats by grabbing its bone and putting it into the cat\'s costume and the cats get attacked; then Tweety says "You know I get wid of more putty tats that way!" then does the Durante "hot cha cha cha" as the film irises out.'] ["In 1927, Louisiana's Seven Doors Hotel is the scene of a vicious murder as a lynch mob crucifies and pours quicklime upon an artist named Schweick, whom they believe to be a warlock. The artist's murder opens one of the seven doors of death, which exist throughout the world and allow the dead to cross into the world of the living. Several decades later, a young woman from New York inherits the hotel and plans to re-open it for business. But her renovation work activates the hell-portal, and soon she and a local doctor find themselves having to deal with living dead, a ghost of a blind girl who seeks to get them to leave the house, a mystic tome called the Book of Eibon that supposedly contains the answers to the nightmare at hand, face-eating tarantulas, a young girl whose murdered parents become zombies and is herself possessed by undead spirits — and Schweick, who has returned as a malevolent, indestructible corpse, apparently in control of the supernatural forces. All hope is lost by the end, as the hero and heroine find themselves transported impossibly from a hospital stairway back to the hotel's basement. They enter a wasteland that Schweick was seen painting at the beginning of the film. After wandering around amidst fog and lifeless mummified bodies, the two go blind and fade into oblivion."] ['Magician Montag the Magnificent delivers hectoring speeches about the nature of reality to his audience and then performs mutilation tricks on female "volunteers". The women appear unharmed immediately afterward but later collapse, dead, in public or at home—mutilated in the same grisly fashion suggested by Montag\'s stage tricks . Audience member Sherry Carson, a local TV talk show hostess, and her boyfriend Jack begin to suspect that Montag is somehow involved in the murders. He and fellow reporter Greg attempt to research the case but are unable to come up with any solid evidence. Montag agrees to appear on Sherry\'s show to perform a fire trick; when the cameras roll, he hypnotizes not only everyone in the studio, but also the viewing audience at home. With a wave of his hand, Montag starts a blaze and is guiding Sherry and two plainclothes cops toward it when Jack intervenes and pushes Montag into the fire instead. Screaming, the magician dies. Back at home, Sherry and Jack have a drink as they discuss their strange experience. Suddenly, Jack laughs and begins peeling his own skin from his face to reveal that he is actually Montag. "What makes you think you know what reality is?" he asks Sherry, before disemboweling her with his bare hands. However, still alive, she tells the baffled Montag that none of what has happened was real, and that even he is part of her illusion. "You are no longer even here", she informs Montag. "You\'ll have to start your little charade all over again." "But I...I am Montag!" the magician stammers helplessly. Then he is back onstage, dazed, reciting the same speech that he delivered to his audience at the beginning of the film: "What is real? How do you know that at this second you aren\'t asleep in your beds, dreaming that you are here in this theater?" And in the audience an unimpressed Sherry turns to Jack, muttering, "You know what I think? I think he\'s a phony."'] ['A young couple gets beat up by some punks. They are saved by a seemingly nice older couple and taken back to the house of the older couple. While there, the wounded woman begins to realize that some frightening things are occurring the "Last House in the Woods".'] ['During a time in the near future, Gothenburg has been invaded by zombies. The police are powerless and a team of German zombie hunters are called in to solve the problem and clean up the city and find out what is causing the zombe epidemic. On their way through the streets of Gothenburg, they run into several obstacles. For example, they come across an Italian assassin and some Swedish reporters on the wrong side of the barricades.'] ["Fuad Ramses III  returns to Miami to reopen his grandfather's defunct catering company. This arouses the interest of the local sheriff , who holds Fuad's family reputation in ill favor. Fuad is soon, however, asked to cater the sheriff's wedding by his mother-in-law, Mrs. Lamply , and fiancee, Tiffani . After finding his grandfather's statue of Ishtar, an Egyptian goddess, in a utility closet, he becomes possessed by her evil spirit. He then goes on to create the 'blood feast' his grandfather failed to do, by killing young women in the area and making them into party food for the wedding."] ['The story begins with the siblings Barbra  and Johnny  driving to rural Pennsylvania to visit their father\'s grave. In the graveyard Johnny teases Barbra that "They\'re coming to get you, Barbra" and then they are violently attacked by a strange man . Johnny tries to rescue his sister, but is killed after he falls and cracks his head on a gravestone. Barbra flees with the zombie in pursuit to a farmhouse where, to her horror, she discovers a woman\'s mangled corpse. Running out of the house, she is caught between the house and strange menacing figures that are akin to the zombie in the graveyard. A man named Ben  arrives in a car and takes her back inside the house. Ben asks Barbra if she lived in the farmhouse, but Barbra is slowly going into shock.  Hiding in the cellar of the farmhouse are married couple Harry  and Helen Cooper  and their daughter Karen , who sought refuge after a group of zombies turned over their car; and teenage couple Tom  and Judy  who arrived after hearing an emergency broadcast about a series of brutal murders. Ben turns on a radio while Barbra awakens from a stupor. Harry asks everyone to hide in the cellar, but Ben deems it a "deathtrap" and remains upstairs. Harry returns to the cellar to Helen and Karen. Karen has fallen seriously ill after being bitten on the arm by one of the zombies. Radio reports explain that a state of mass murder is sweeping across the East Coast of the United States. When Ben finds a television, the emergency broadcaster reports that the recently deceased have become reanimated and are consuming the flesh of the living. Experts, scientists, and the United States military do not know the cause, though one scientist suspects radioactive contamination from a space probe returning from Venus that exploded in the Earth\'s atmosphere.  When news reports reveal local rescue centers offering refuge and safety, Ben plans to leave and obtain medical care for Karen. Tom states that the closest center is 17 miles away in the town of Willard. Ben and Tom then go to refuel Ben\'s truck while Harry hurls Molotov cocktails from an upper window to keep the zombies at bay. Fearing for Tom\'s safety, Judy follows him. At the pump, Tom accidentally spills fuel, setting the truck ablaze. Tom and Judy try to withdraw the truck to avoid further damage; but it explodes, killing them both. Ben returns to the house but is unable to enter because Harry has locked the door behind him. He pounds on the door and shouts without result, and is finally forced to kick the door down only to find Harry retreating to the cellar. Angered by Harry\'s cowardice, Ben attacks him, while the zombies feed on Tom and Judy outside. In the house, a report on the television reveals that, aside from setting the "reactivated bodies" on fire, a gunshot or heavy blow to the head will stop them, and that posses of armed men are patrolling the countryside to restore order. Moments later, the zombies attempt to break into the house. Harry grabs Ben\'s rifle and threatens to shoot him, but Ben takes back the gun and shoots Harry, who stumbles into the cellar to collapse next to Karen, who has died of the infection of her injury. The zombies begin to pull Helen and Barbara through the windows; but Helen frees herself and goes down to the cellar to find a reanimated Karen consuming Harry. Helen falls and Karen kills her with a masonry trowel. Barbara, distracted by seeing Johnny as one of the zombies, is carried away by the horde and pulled through them. The undead break into the house, and Ben heads into the cellar. He knocks Karen out of the cellar, and he seals himself in the cellar. He shoots Harry and Helen just as they reanimate. The next morning, Ben is killed by a member of the posse, who mistakes him for a zombie, and placed onto a burning pyre along with other dead bodies.'] ['Six Yankee tourists are lured into the fictional small Southern town Pleasant Valley by the redneck citizens to be the guests of honor for the centennial celebration of the day Union troops destroyed the town. The tourists are separated and forced to participate in various sick games which lead to their gory deaths. The methods employed by the festive townspeople include: * Dismembering a woman with an axe, and thereafter roasting her in a barbecue pit; * Staging a "horse race" in which a man is ripped limb from limb; * Rolling a man downhill in a barrel embedded with nails; * Crushing a woman with a boulder held aloft in a contraption resembling a carnival-style dunk tank. After discovering the nefarious plans of the townspeople, the two remaining tourists manage to escape. They then return with a local sheriff, only to discover that the town has disappeared. The film ends with two of the townspeople looking forward to the next centennial in 2065, when Pleasant Valley will rise again to resume its vendetta against the Yankees.'] ['When his gorgeous fiancée "goes to pieces" in a freak lawnmower accident, aspiring mad scientist Jeffrey Franken is determined to put her back together again. With the aid of an explosive superdrug, he sets about reassembling his girlfriend, selecting the choicest bits from a bevy of raunchy New York prostitutes. But his bizarre plan soon goes awry. His reanimated girlfriend no longer craves his body... she craves every body! And, for money, she\'ll love anyone... to death!http://www.hkflix.com/xq/asp/filmID.539743/qx/details.htm'] ['A magician named Montag the Magnificent puts on elaborate magic shows in a dilapidated post-punk Los Angeles in which he seemingly kills, in brutal torturous fashions, beautiful young women who nevertheless appear alive and unharmed at the end of the trick. Later, however, the victims are found dead of the same wounds that Montag gave them. Ed Bigelow, a young journalist with a trust fund and vintage style, tries to solve the mystery, but ends up discovering that he may be more involved than he first thought.'] ['{{plot}} An old man walking his dog in New York City\'s dog retrieves a decomposed human hand. It is identified by the police as belonging to Ann-Lynne, a local prostitute. Lieutenant Fred Williams , the burned-out police detective investigating the murder, interviews the young woman\'s nosy and obnoxious landlady, Mrs. Weissburger , who tells him that during her daily spying and eavesdropping on her tenants, she overheard the girl last week over the phone arranging to meet a man who spoke with a strange, duck-like voice. Meanwhile, a young woman  rides her bicycle down Manhattan to the Staten Island Ferry at Battery Park. After an altercation with a boorish motorist driving a red Volkswagen, whose car she accidentally scratched riding her bicycle, she rides onto the boat with the man yelling misogynist slurs at her. When the ferry is underway, the young woman sneaks into the car-bay and begins vandalizing the man\'s car, but she is interrupted by an unseen figure. Introducing herself as Rosie, she tries to engage the man in a conversation. But the figure adopts a grotesque \'Donald Duck\' voice and brutally murders her with a switchblade, stabbing in the lower belly and disemboweling her, and leaving her body to be discovered when the ferry docks at Staten Island. At the morgue, Lt. Williams talks to Barry Jones the pathologist , who believes he recognizes the "style" of the killing and links it to Ann-Lynne, as well as a similar case in Harlem the previous month. Having informed the press that a serial killer is at large, Williams is visited at the station by New York\'s chief of police . Williams\' skeptical superior tells him not to make any further public announcements about the case to avoid starting a city-wide panic. Soon after the police chief leaves, Williams is notified that a man "sounding like a duck" phoned while he was out at the press conference wanting to speak with him. Williams travels to Columbia University where he meets with a brilliant young psychotherapy professor named Dr. Paul Davis  for help in creating a profile of the killer. That night in New York\'s red-light district, Jane Lodge , an attractive, well-dressed woman in a chic raincoat and derby hat, attends a live sex show and records the simulated moans and groans of the two performers with a pocket tape recorder. A scruffy, dangerous looking man ([[Howard Ross , with two fingers missing from his right hand and sitting in the same row with her, observes what she is doing. After the show has ended, the female performer  retires backstage to her dressing room only to find it totally dark. Hearing a noise, she opens a closet door and is brutally attacked by the maniac, who disembowels her by shoving a broken and jagged liquor bottle from her crotch to her abdomen. Later that night, at the home of Kitty , a prostitute regularly visited by Williams, he receives a taunting phone call from the duck-voiced killer saying that he has killed again. The next day, Jane shows her latest tape recording to her husband Dr. Lodge , who has agreed to support their open-marriage. Jane goes to a bar in a rough neighborhood where she\'s approached by two Hispanic bar punks who proceed to fondle and sexually humiliate her right at the bar. After being taken advantage of, the emotionally troubled Jane runs out and drives away. That night, Fay Majors , a casually dressed young woman is riding alone on a late-night subway train when she gets menaced by the same ominous man from the porno theater. Fleeing from the perceived threat, she runs off the train, through the deserted subway station, and onto the street where she gets attacked in a dark alley by the quacking maniac, who brutally stabs her in the leg and slashes her hands and arms as she tries to defend herself. Limping away, Fay stumbles through a doorway into a seedy apartment building where she closes and locks the door behind her so the killer will not follow. Fay passes out from the loss of blood, and then realty and illusion blur: Fay is sitting alone in a dark movie theater watching cartoons when she attacked and killed by a different, handsome young man who slashes her neck with a straight razor. Fay wakes up in the hospital the morning after when the same man visits her in her room. The man is revealed to be her physicist boyfriend Peter Bunch , who is relieved that she has survived the attack. Lt. Williams and Dr. Davis visit Fay where she tells them about her attacker who was missing two fingers from his right hand. Williams and Davis both conclude that this is the killer since all forensic evidence points to the killer being left-handed. Somewhere in night-time New York, the owner of his mutilated right hand picks up Jane and takes her to a sleazy hotel room for sex. He ties up the semi-nude woman to the bed. The S&M game she has willingly begun turns nasty when he begins to beat her. Then the man turns up the radio loud, and makes a muttered phone-call, describing the bound woman to someone on the other line as "she\'s right up your perverted alley. " A little later, while the man sleeps, Jane overhears a radio DJ describing the killer, whom the press has now dubbed, \'the New York Ripper\' and missing two fingers from his right hand. Jane carefully and quietly unties herself from the bed and flees into the hotel hallway, only to be killed by the real New York Ripper who stabs her to death in ultra-gory fashion. Williams arrives at the scene of the crime where the police find Jane\'s tape recordings of the sex shows and of her \'master. \' Learning from witnesses, Williams discovers that the identity of the man is Mickey Scellenda, a Greek immigrant with a history of sexual assault and drug abuse. Williams and the police step up the search for Scellenda after raiding his apartment, finding photographs of most of the Ripper victims and huge stashes of pornography. Williams also pays a visit to Dr. Lodge to inform him of his wife\'s murder. Dr. Lodge tearfully defends his open marriage which gets him a sneering response from the moralistic Williams. Meanwhile, Dr. Davis begins to express doubt to the killer\'s identity for Mickey Scellenda is only a petty criminal with a low intelligence quota, not the high intelligence that Davis has created in profiling the New York Ripper. Davis then buys a gay porno magazine at a local news stand , and then pays a visit to Peter and Fay at their house to ask them more questions about Fay\'s experience. Something about their story arouses his professional suspicious. That evening, after Peter goes out, Fay is attacked in their house by Scellenda who breaks in trying to kill her. But she is saved when Peter returns, and the man flees. A few days later, Williams gets another taunting phone call from the New York Ripper, who wants to "dedicate a murder to him. " Williams and the police put a trace on the line and race to the location, only to find that the killer has set up a two-way radio to a remote phone booth, while he, is at that moment, in the home of Kitty, brutally torturing her by slowly running a razor over her face. Williams races to Kitty\'s apartment, but is way too late as the killer has fled, leaving behind Kitty\'s horribly mutilated body to be discovered. A while later, the dead body of Mickey Scellenda is found having committed suicide from self-suffocation. When Dr. Barry Jones informs Williams that Scellenda was dead for the last eight days, four days before Kitty\'s murder, Williams finally realizes that they have been tailing the wrong man. Williams relays this to Professor Davis, who is both delighted and disappointed with the news. Davis explains that with Scellenda eliminated as a suspect, his original idea to the killer\'s identity is confirmed; a misogynist psychopath who used Scellenda to throw the police off his trail. Fay is shown visiting a hospital where Peter has a child from a previous marriage, a little girl named Suzy, who is dying from a rare bone disorder that has led to the amputation of her left arm and right leg. But is the killer Peter or Fay? Visiting the hospital, Williams and Davis observe little Suzy in her hospital bed and decide to race over to Peter and Fay\'s place to arrest both of them. At Peter and Fay\'s house, one of them gets a phone call from a duck-voiced person, while the other one overhears. When Peter goes into the kitchen for dinner, Fay has disappeared. Going upstairs to Suzy\'s bedroom, Fay jumps out of the darkness at Peter stabbing him with a kitchen knife. Suddenly, Peter rises, quacking like a duck, and struggles with Fay in which they both tumble down the stairs. Just as Peter grabs the knife away from Fay and about to stab her, Williams runs in and literally blasts Peter\'s face off with one shot from his gun. In the ambulance, Davis explains to Fay her deranged boyfriend\'s motivation for killing. His hatred of sexually active women stemmed from bitterness at the cruel blow fate had dealt his young daughter, who will never enjoy the freedoms of his despised victims. After leaving the scene, the phone in the now-deserted house rings again. In her hospital bed, little Suzy is calling out for her father pleading to answer her call, as her voice is drowned beneath the traffic of the city.'] [' A woman  is in an abandoned house looking for her boyfriend. After she discovers his body, she is stabbed in the head, and her body is dragged through a cellar door. In New York City, Bob  and his parents, Norman and Lucy Boyle , are moving. Norman\'s ex-colleague, Dr. Peterson, who murdered his mistress before committing suicide, was the previous owner. The Boyles are to stay there, whilst Norman researches old houses. As his mother packs, Bob looks at a photograph of a house and sees a girl in it who warns him to stay away. In New Whitby, Boston, Bob waits in his parents\' car while they collect keys. The girl from the photograph appears across the street. The girl, Mae , psychically warns Bob to stay away. In the real estate office, Mrs. Gittelson  is annoyed when her colleague hands the couple "the Freudstein" keys. She insists it is called "Oak Mansion". Gittelson promises to find a babysitter. Oak Mansion is in a poor state of repair. The cellar door is locked and nailed shut. A woman arrives and introduces herself as Anne, the babysitter . That night, Norman hears noises and finds Anne unblocking the cellar door. The next day, Norman goes to the library to peruse Peterson\'s materials. The assistant librarian, Daniel Douglas , informs Norman that Peterson conducted private research at the house. He studied records of area disappearances and other demographic data. Mae shows Bob a tombstone on the grounds marked "Mary Freudstein" and says she is not really dead. Indoors, Lucy finds the tombstone of "Jacob Tess Freudstein". When Norman returns, he reassures her that some old houses have indoor tombs, because of the hard wintry ground. Norman opens the cellar door and walks down the stairs only be attacked by a bat, which he stabs. Spooked, the family drives down to the estate office and demands to be re-housed, but are told it will be few more days before they can move. While the Boyles are at hospital to treat Norman\'s injuries from the bat, Gittelson arrives at the house to tell them of a new property. Letting herself in, she stands by the Freudstein tombstone, which cracks apart, pinning her ankle. A figure emerges, stabs her in the neck with a fireplace poker, and drags her into the cellar. The next morning, Lucy finds Anne cleaning a bloodstain on the kitchen floor. Anne eludes Lucy\'s questions about the stain. Over coffee, Norman tells Lucy that he\'s discovered that Freudstein was a Victorian surgeon who conducted illegal experiments. Norman must travel to New York to research Freudstein. On the way, Norman drops by the library and finds a cassette of Peterson, which explains Freudstein killed his family. Anne goes to the cellar looking for Bob, but is decapitated by Freudstein. Bob sees Anne\'s head, and exits screaming. Lucy refuses to believe Bob\'s tale about Anne. That evening, Bob returns to the cellar looking for Anne. Lucy hears Bob\'s cries and tries to open the cellar door. When she cannot open the door, Norman returns and attacks it with an axe. The rotting hands of Freudstein  appear and restrain Bob. One axe blow chops off the monster\'s hand, and he staggers away, holding Bob. The cellar contains mutilated bodies, surgical equipment and a slab. Freudstein is a living corpse with rotting flesh. Norman tells Lucy the 150-year-old Freudstein lives by using his victims\' parts to regenerate blood cells. Norman attacks Freudstein, but the ghoul twists the axe away. He grabs a knife off a tray and stabs Freudstein. Freudstein picks up Norman and rips his throat out. Lucy and Bob climb a ladder leading to the cracked tombstone. Lucy strains to shift the stone, but Freudstein grabs her. Freudstein kills Lucy by ramming her head into the concrete floor. As Freudstein advances up the ladder, Bob strains to escape. Suddenly, Bob is yanked upwards and finds Mae. With Mae is her mother, Mary Freudstein , who urges them to leave. Freudstein leads Mae and Bob down the wintry grove into a netherworld of ghosts and sadness.'] ['Troma Entertainment co-founder and B-movie director and producer Lloyd Kaufman plays the Crap Keeper. He presents the viewers with two horror stories that contain gore, nudity, fat men, talking penises, lesbian scenes, vampires, UFOs, and appearances by porn star Ron Jeremy and the band New Found Glory. The film was purportedly shot over three years with six directors and close to fifteen writers.allmovie (('] ['When Dave Jackson celebrates with his friends a garden party, he crosses two bloodthirsty Hare Krishna followers on his doorstep. The two torches not long and provide for hefty blood flow, recently Dave called the emergency alert, which fortunately, run and walk in a SM-Studio the cult berserkers with the appropriate tool in the neck... Spotlight - The Alex Chandon Interview!'] ["Stan  and Vera , a childless couple, live with Vera's wealthy mother, Maud Kennaway , who has already suffered a stroke. Maud dislikes and is openly contemptuous of her infertile son-in-law. Stan dumps Kennaway's nitroglycerine pills down the toilet and replace them with worthless sugar substitutes. Maud Kennaway's friend , Ethel Dean , comes to visit, but Mrs. Patterson 's boarding house is not ready. Unable to find her own pills, Ethel Dean uses some of Maud's now worthless ones, and dies on Stan's couch following a cardiac incident. Stan tells the 911 operator that the deceased is Maud Kennaway, and Dr. Klein  provides the necessary paperwork for her remains to be taken away for cremation. Maud wakes up, finds the body, and accuses him of murder. Stan manages to dodge all her blows with her cane, which causes her to stumble and cut her head on the radiator. He buries his mother-in-law in the backyard and plants the new tree he purchased some time earlier on top of her remains. Stan goes to Mrs. Patterson's boarding house to collect Ethel's things. After Maud Kennaway's will is read, in which Vera's portion is to be held in trust for any natural-born children, an investigation is opened to find Ethel Dean, also a beneficiary of Maud's will."] ['Brian  begins an unwilling symbiotic relationship with a malevolent slug-like brain-eating parasite called "Aylmer" . Aylmer secretes a highly addictive, hallucinogenic blue fluid into Brian\'s brain. In return for a steady supply of the fluid, Brian must seek out victims for Aylmer, so that he can devour their brains. The film was largely a metaphor for drug addiction.'] ['Nancy Weston , a reporter for The Globe, approaches Abraham Gentry , an obnoxious private investigator, and offers him $25,000 on behalf of The Globe to investigate the brutal murder of stripper Suzie Cream Puff . She sweetens the deal with a $25,000 bonus for solving the case. Of course this comes contingent that The Globe gets the exclusive story. Gentry takes the case and begins the investigation of the murder with Weston in tow. When at the club, Gentry encounters a waitress, Marlene , whose obnoxiousness rivals his. He gets through her to speak to another stripper and gets his first suspect, Joseph Carter. Soon, another stripper, Candy Cane, gets murdered and Gentry expands his suspect list to Grout , an unstable veteran who takes pride in crushing the heads of corpses he found when on the battlefields of Vietnam. He relieves tension by drawing faces on squashes and tomatoes and then crushing them with his bare hands. Gentry also suspects the leader of a radical feminist group that riots in the strip club, carrying banners with catchy phrases like "Lewd is Crude", "Quit with Tit" and "Women Right On!". Pickles, another stripper, is murdered and has her buttocks mutilated with a meat tenderizer hammer before having it salt and peppered. A badge with "Women Right On!" is found at the scene. Meanwhile, Gentry buys Weston many drinks to keep her drunk and out of his way. During one of Weston\'s drunken episodes she admits she\'s attracted to Gentry. Gentry ignores this and concentrates on the case. His investigation takes him to the owner of the strip clubs in town, Mr. Marzdone Mobilie . Gentry then coerces Mobilie into holding an amateur stripper contest with a $1,000 prize, which also works as the beginning of a plan for Gentry\'s trap.'] ["Basket case is about a young man named Duane Bradley  whose Siamese twin brother lives in a basket. At birth, the monstrous twin with a swollen claw-like hand was attached to Duane's side. At an early age, they were surgically separated against their will. Duane's twin deeply resented being cut-off from his normal-looking brother. After the mutilation of Dr. Lifflander in the quiet town of Glens Falls, the brothers go to New York. The hideous twin is carried around in a large basket wherever his brother goes. Neither brother can rest until they avenge their surgical separation by killing the doctors responsible.DVD-Covers: Basket Case"] ['Ash Williams  and his girlfriend Linda  take a romantic vacation in his 1973 Oldsmobile to a seemingly abandoned cabin in the woods. While in the cabin, Ash plays a tape of an archeology professor , reciting passages from the Necronomicon Ex-Mortis , which he has discovered during an archaeological dig. The recorded incantation unleashes an evil force which kills and later possesses the body of Linda. Ash is then forced to decapitate his girlfriend for his own safety. After he buries her, a spirit is seen on the hunt for Ash. Ash becomes briefly possessed by the demon, but when day breaks the spirit is gone, and Ash is back to normal. Ash finds little chance of safety, however, as the bridge leading to the cabin is destroyed. To make things worse, Ash is forced to sever his right hand, which has become possessed. While Ash is dealing with this force, the professor\'s daughter, Annie, and her research partner, Ed Getley, return from the dig with more pages of the Necronomicon in tow, only to find the destroyed bridge. They enlist the help of Jake and Bobby Joe to guide them along an alternate trail to the cabin. The four of them find an embattled Ash, who is, seemingly, slowly being driven insane due to his encounter with the demon, such as hallucinating that the room comes to life and begins laughing hysterically at him. At first, he is mistaken for a murderer by the four people because he shoots at them through the door , but they find out the truth after listening to a recording of Annie\'s father, Professor Knowby , that talked about how his wife Henrietta was possessed and buried in the cabin\'s cellar rather than dismembered. Ed is possessed and is soon killed by Ash. Bobby Joe tries to escape, but is attacked by the demon trees and dragged to her death. Annie translates two of the pages before Jake turns on them and throws the pages into cellar, holding them at gunpoint to force them to go look for Bobby Joe. Ash is possessed once again and turns on his remaining companions, incapacitating Jake. Annie retreats to the cabin and accidentally stabs Jake and drags him to the cellar door, where he is killed by Henrietta in a bloodbath. Ash tries to kill Annie, but returns to normal when he sees Linda\'s necklace, reminding him of her. Ash, with Annie\'s help, modifies the chainsaw and attaches it to where his right hand had been. Ash eventually finds the missing pages of the Necronomicon and kills Henrietta, turned into a long-necked monster. Annie chants an incantation that sends the evil force back to where it came from. The incantation opens up a whirling temporal portal which not only draws in the evil force, but nearby trees, the Oldsmobile, and Ash himself. Ash\'s possessed hand stabs Annie with the Kandarian dagger. Ash and his Oldsmobile land in what appears to be the Crusader-held Middle East in the year 1300 AD. He is then confronted by a group of knights who initially mistake him for a deadite, but they are quickly distracted when a real one actually shows up. Ash blasts the harpy-like deadite with his shotgun and is hailed as a hero who has come to save the realm, at which point he breaks down and screams "No!"'] ["The movie begins in Leadville, Colorado. Trevor ([[Michael Welch  and his girlfriend, Nina , are in an abandoned building having a romantic encounter. They then head back to their respective parents' homes. They see a long line of cars at a military roadblock sealing off the city. An angry man yells at the officers because his child is sick and needs medical care. There has been an outbreak and medical help is needed throughout town. They are introduced to Captain Rhodes  and Corporal Sarah Cross . Soon after, privates Bud Crain  and Salazar  show up. Cross takes Bud to go with her while she visits her sick mother. When she arrives, Sarah talks to her brother  and checks in on her mother. She then goes to see Trevor's friend, Kyle, after she learns his symptoms are similar to her mother's. When Bud and Sarah arrive at Kyle's house, they find the mauled bodies of his parents stashed behind a curtain, with Kyle nowhere to be found. They radio Captain Rhodes and take Nina, Trevor, and their mom to the local hospital. There, Sarah talks to Dr. Logan  at the urging of Rhodes, while out in the waiting room all the infected become catatonic. Bud runs to alert Sarah, when all the infected suddenly reanimate. They turn into zombies, transforming while catatonic. They have super-human strength that allows them to run, jump long distances and even crawl on the ceiling. Nina and Trevor escape, seeking refuge in the local radio station, while Sarah, Salazar and Bud become trapped in an upstairs storage room in the hospital. After dispatching the infected Rhodes, who bites Bud's hand, the three escape from the hospital and make a stop at the gun store before rescuing Trevor and Nina from the radio station. The group heads back to the abandoned warehouse. Bud has turned, but is somehow able to think and does not attack his friends. Sarah believes Bud does not attack because he was a vegetarian, but Salazar speculates that Bud is attracted to Sarah. The group finds an underground bunker, where they reunite with Dr. Logan. They learn about a government project directed by Dr. Engel , which accidentally created the virus that turned the townspeople into zombies. The group explores the bunker, but Dr. Engel attacks and kills Logan. Later, Salazar is grabbed by zombies, giving Sarah a chance to escape and reunite with Trevor and Nina. In the room where they are hiding they find several large gas cylinders. Sarah decides to lure the zombies into the storeroom and burn them with the cylinders. They begin modifying the cylinders into a giant flamethrower. Sarah eventually finds a mob of zombies and shouts to get their attention. The zombified Dr. Engel drops down from the ceiling behind Sarah and grabs her, but before she is bitten, zombified Bud shoots at Engel. This leads to Engel and the other zombies to attack Bud, dismembering him. Sarah then leads the zombies to the room where Trevor and Nina are hiding, and they torch the zombies. The three escape the bunker, and drive off into the night. The movie ends with a surviving zombie jumping in front of the camera in screamer fashion."] ['The first scene sets up the danger of the "Sumatran Rat-Monkey", a hybrid creature that, "according to legend", resulted from the rape of tree monkeys on Skull Island by plague rats: Stewart, an explorer returning from the depths of the island with his guide and team, is carrying a rat-monkey in a cage and is stopped by fierce warrior natives that demand the return of the monkey. Stewart escapes with the cage to the rest of his team and a waiting Jeep, leaving his guide behind and the natives in hot pursuit. As the jeep takes off, Stewart\'s guide catches up and jumps on board. In the ensuing melee, Stewart gets bitten by the Rat-Monkey. Seeing the mark of the monkey\'s bite on his right hand, Stewart\'s men immediately hold down the infected explorer and amputate the appendage. A bite mark is then seen on his left arm, which swiftly results in the removal of that limb. Finally, they see a set of bloody scratches on Stewart\'s forehead and kill him. The title screen follows the man\'s dying scream, and as the opening credits roll the captured rat-monkey is shipped to Wellington Zoo in New Zealand. Wellington, 1957, Lionel Cosgrove lives with his domineering mother, Vera. To his mother\'s dismay, Lionel falls in love with a local shopkeeper\'s daughter, Paquita, and while snooping on the two during a visit to the zoo, Vera is bitten by the Sumatran Rat-Monkey; she subsequently crushes its head. The animal\'s bite slowly turns her into a ravenous zombie. Lionel is horrified, but, ever the dedicated son, is determined to care for her. Despite his efforts to keep her placated with periodic doses of veterinary anesthetic, Vera starts murdering other townspeople, turning them into zombies. He tries to keep them locked away in the basement, while simultaneously trying to maintain his relationship with the completely oblivious Paquita. Vera escapes, however, and is hit by a tram. As the townspeople assume she is dead, Lionel tranquilizes the still-kicking zombie for her funeral. After she is buried, he returns to the graveyard to administer more anesthetic, but is accosted by a gang of hoodlums. Vera bursts from her grave, resulting in more deaths and zombies. As their numbers grow, Lionel manages to keep the zombies under relative control with repeated injections, and tries to keep them concealed in his home. However, Lionel\'s uncle Les, arrives to try to wrangle with Lionel over his mother\'s estate. Uncle Les discovers the "corpses" and blackmails his nephew into giving up his inheritance in return for his silence. Lionel reluctantly administers poison to the zombies  and buries them, just as Uncle Les and a crowd of his friends arrive for a housewarming party. However, the "poison" turns out to be an animal stimulant, and since the zombies come from the bite of the animal , it only gives them even more energy. The zombies burst from the ground to attack and infect the party guests in a gory finale. Lionel, Paquita, Rita, and Les are now fighting hundreds of zombies, animated intestines and spinal cords, severed heads, and disembodied legs. Despite Rita and Les being killed in the process they successfully destroy all the zombies until Lionel\'s mother, who  has become a gargantuan monster, pursues Lionel and Paquita to the rooftop, where Lionel finally confronts his mother about the truth regarding his father\'s demise. She picks him up and stuffs him back into her womb, and in an over-the-top Freudian "rebirth", he cuts his way out of her grotesquely changed body and she falls into the fiery house below. Lionel and Paquita escape the burning building, and walk away arm-in-arm covered in gore, as the local fire department arrives on the scene to put out the flames.'] ["An apparently abandoned yacht drifts into New York Harbor. When the Harbor Patrol investigates, a huge decomposing man kills one of the officers by biting his neck. The remaining officer shoots the hulking man, a zombie, who topples into the sea. The body of the deceased officer is deposited in the morgue. Ann Bolt  is questioned by the police, since the boat belonged to her father . She only knows that her father left for a tropical island to do research. Reporter Peter West ([[Ian McCulloch  is assigned by his news editor  to report on the mysterious boat. Anne and Peter meet on the boat and discover a note from Anne's father saying he is on the island of Matool  suffering from a strange disease. Anne and Peter decide to investigate together. They arrive in the tropics and enlist the aid of a seafaring couple, Bryan Curt  and Susan Barrett , to help find the island. Matool is a cursed place where the dead rise to attack the living. Dr. David Menard ([[Richard Johnson , a resident on the island and physician at the local mission, is investigating its secrets. His contemptuous, highly strung wife Paola  wants to leave the island in fear of the increasing zombie attacks, but Menard insists on staying to continue his research. Anne, Peter, Brian, and Susan reach Matool. As they investigate, the zombies attack en masse, killing most of the mission's occupants, including Dr. Menard. Susan is later killed and returns as a zombie, infecting Brian. Peter and Anne escape by boat, taking the reanimated Brian with them as evidence. On reaching the open ocean, however, they receive a radio report that a plague of zombies has attacked New York City."] ['Three years after a zombie apocalypse, survivors have set up outposts across the United States, one of which, in Pittsburgh, contains a feudal-like government. Bordered on two sides by rivers and on the third by an electric fence, the city has become a sanctuary, with the rich and powerful living in luxury on the Fiddler\'s Green while the rest of the population subsists in squalor. The city\'s ruler Paul Kaufman  has sponsored Dead Reckoning, a heavily armored vehicle that can travel through the zombie-infested areas with ease. Armed with remote-controlled heavy machine guns and video cameras, Dead Reckoning functions as a moving fireworks launch base, on the premise that zombies are fascinated by fireworks and will stare at them, ignoring their environs. Riley Denbo , designer and commander of Dead Reckoning, has recently retired. Unlike Kaufman, Riley is respected for his work in protecting the city from danger, as well as for bringing critical food and medical supplies which the citizens can no longer acquire safely themselves. Using the moving anti-dead tank, Dead Reckoning, Riley and crew ventured into the neighboring cities that are overrun with zombies in order to procure supplies from abandoned stores and warehouses. One of the interesting things they noticed on these missions is that many of the zombies appear to exhibit some kind of thought process or planning. One such zombie, "Big Daddy" ([[Eugene Clark , who was a gas station owner in life, is shown to be especially capable of comprehending and learning. Back in the protected city, Riley discovers Chihuahua  entertaining his bar\'s patrons by bear-baiting a woman, Slack , to some zombies. Riley and Charlie  save Slack but kill Chihuahua and all three are shortly arrested. Slack reveals she was being executed on Kaufman\'s orders, because she works for Mulligan , a former co-worker of Riley\'s trying to instigate rebellion among the poor. Meanwhile, the assassin Cholo DeMora , second in command of Dead Reckoning, is denied an apartment in Fiddler\'s Green. Upon being rebuffed, Cholo threatens to destroy Fiddler\'s Green with the Dead Reckoning, seized by himself and his assistants Pretty Boy , Mouse , Anchor , and Foxy . Zombies attack as they are leaving, but Cholo orders his crew not to intervene. Kaufman sends Riley to stop Cholo, alongside Manolete , Motown , and Pillsbury . Manolete is bitten and subsequently executed by Slack. Once they come across Dead Reckoning, Riley devises a plan to approach the vehicle alone. Against Riley\'s orders, Charlie, Slack, and Pillsbury follow him, but they disable Motown and leave her behind on the grounds of her loyalty to Kaufman. Cholo realises that Riley is working for Kaufman and holds both Riley and Charlie at gunpoint. Before Slack and Pillsbury can react, Motown, who has come round, opens fire and nearly kills both Riley and Cholo, before being bitten by a walker and executed by Slack. With this distraction, Riley de-activates Dead Reckoning\'s weapons systems and convinces Cholo to allow him escape Northward, while Cholo goes west. Cholo is later bitten by a zombie and returns to kill Kaufman. Zombie leader Big Daddy perceives that the river is no obstacle to invasion, he leads the zombies against the human city, and himself follows Kaufman to an underground garage. When Big Daddy leaves the garage, the now dead-and-reanimated Cholo attacks Kaufman; but both are killed by Big Daddy when the latter causes an explosion. Riley and his crew discover that although most inhabitants have become zombies themselves, some had followed Mulligan to escape. Pretty Boy has the opportunity to kill Big Daddy and the zombies; but Riley orders her against it. Riley and his friends then use Dead Reckoning to leave the city.'] 