['This is an advertising film for Solidox toothpaste. Naunton Wayne, seated in front of a dressing room mirror, removes his theatrical disguise . Other examples of deceptive appearances:- a hotel drunk ; a commissionaire; a dramatic sequence featuring a fraudulent clerk which turns out to be taking place on a film set; a father pretending to cane his son; a bullying sergeant major  who is henpecked at home ; Dorothy Carless steps out of a taxi, enters a dressing room, removes her stockings and emerges as a Cockney comedienne . A young woman displaying perfect white teeth; sometimes such an appearance can be deceptive, but not with this young woman, who cleans her teeth front and back with Solidox toothpaste. SOLIDOX FREES TEETH FROM TARTAR. The End .http://ftvdb.bfi.org.uk/sift/title/138062?view=synopsis'] ['The educational film aims to training service personnel the value of the mess and the cooking of food in the Army.'] ['Johnson traces the fall of the Roman Empire as a pattern he saw in American geopolitics. The term blowback is used by the CIA to mean the unintended consequences of American policies and actions in the world. His book Blowback, which was first published in January 2001, predicted the events of 9/11 as being the result of American policy and actions in the Middle East. He cites the combination of militarism, far-flung military bases around the world, unsustainable economic domestic policy, and a complacent voting population as being toxic to American democracy.Link to review of Blowback'] ['Your Safety First opens with a newspaper from the distant future of October 5, 2000 with headlines reading "Space Travel to Mars" and "tax cuts". The protagonist of the short begins by debating whether to buy a new car or not as his family watches 3-D television. A show then comes on explaining the history of the automobile. The show within the show moves through the beginning of the 20th century starting with hand cranking cars and topless buggies. The clip moves through the decades explaining new inventions like windshield wipers and suspension systems. At the close of the short the character shown in the flashback history of the automobile jumps into a flying car and drives off.'] 