['Quentin "Fifty Dollah" Waise  is involved in a crime ring that earns him good money but worries his grandmother , who dotes on him and encourages him to follow a more righteous path. Fifty Dollah\'s brother Miles "Foolish" Waise , whose grandmother gave him the nickname, is an aspiring comedian, but his inability to get his career going convinces his older sibling he\'s wasting his talents. The movie pays homage to several of Griffin\'s idols, such as Redd Foxx, who appear as feet under a bathroom stall while he gets ready for shows. These idols, it appears, seem to inspire Foolish to do well on his shows, which are widely attended and placed on last so as to keep people in the bars drinking. Meanwhile, Foolish also shows himself to have home trouble with his girlfriend, her son, and his seeming inability to keep his gigs going or getting any better after his grandmother dies. Fifty Dollah tries to get his own life in order and give Foolish the push he needs, he also has to deal with a sudden conflict with criminal leader Eldorado Ron  and a painful romantic triangle when he and Foolish fall for the same woman .'] ['Super High Me documents Benson avoiding cannabis for a cleansing period and then smoking and otherwise consuming cannabis every day for 30 days in a row.<ref namehttp://entertainment.timesonline.co.uk/tol/arts_and_entertainment/film/article4020963.ece|titleMay 29, 2008|accessdateThe Times|publisherSteve|last"wikitable" border="1" |- ! ! Sober ! High |- | Psychic ESP Test | 1/25 | 7/25 |- | The S.A.T. | 980/1600 | 1030/1600 |- | Mini-mental Status Review  | 27/29 | 24/29 |- | Lung Capacity | 92% | 89% |- | Sperm Count  | 21 Millions/mL | 32 Millions/mL |- | Weight Change | -2 lbs. | +8 lbs. |}'] ['Maija DiGiorgio is a naive New York comic whose therapist recommends a video diary as a means of examining her self. Maija\'s borderline psychotic ex-boxer boyfriend, Kenny Simmons and director of photography, Jody Del Giorno sees a means to instant stardom. Maija, searching to find answers to the meaning of life and art, the answers for art and artific, allows Kenny to impose his "vision" onto her film. Before long, the three  are criss-crossing the country, interviewing celebrities under a parade of false pretenses. In one famous incident, Kenny makes the cover of The New York Post after a confrontation with Jerry Seinfeld.'] ["The film features live stand-up performances filmed at Phoenix's Dodge Theater in July 2002 as well as behind-the-scenes sequences highlighting the individual comedians."] ["Stand up comedian Terry  is a local funny man who is in a lot of trouble. He can't pay his $67 phone bill. He drives a car that has only one gear, reverse. He is struggling trying to make it at a local comedy club called Dukie's. Finally, he is having an affair with the owner's wife in an attempt to get more attention at the club. It turns out that the owner, Dukie, is trying to hook up with the star attraction of his club, Aretha, whose boyfriend threatens to hurt anybody who laughs at her. What follows is a night of comedy, romance, comedy, action, comedy, and Terry achieving his initial goal: getting $67 dollars to pay his phone bill."] ['Steven Gold  is a struggling medical student who moonlights as a stand-up comedian. It quickly becomes evident that he is lousy at the former and excels at the latter. And yet, when he is given a chance at the big time, he cracks under the pressure. Lilah  is a dedicated housewife that also yearns to be a comic. She has the raw talent but does not have the command of craft that Steven possesses. At first, he doesn\'t give Lilah the time of day but slowly they bond and he teaches her the fundamentals of stand-up comedy. "All you need is the right gags," Steven tells her, and he\'s right. Once Lilah has some decent material, she discovers her natural gift of making people laugh. An uneasy friendship develops between the two and the personal conflicts they must resolve: Steven\'s desire to make it big vs. his inability to do so and Lilah\'s love of comedy vs. her love for her family. Steven also develops a romantic attraction to Lilah, which she rejects. Steven expresses his anger and frustration by performing a sarcastic rendition of Gene Kelly\'s famous dance routine from Singin\' in the Rain. The film culminates with a competition at the comedy club where Steven, Lilah and other aspiring comedians have been performing. Television executives are in the audience, and the winner of the competition is promised a chance at stardom. As they compete on stage, the characters also grapple with conflicts between their desires for success on stage versus their loyalties to one another and the expectations of their families. After the final tallies from the judges, Lilah is declared winner and Steven is second place, only gaining interest of two of the five judges. But Lilah declines, and leaves before the announcement of the winner is declared. She leaves with her husband telling him she won, but it\'s good enough with her family giving support. They leave the Gas Station and the two share ideas for her next set. Inside, Steven is declared the winner of the show.'] ['The documentary follows the month-long live comedy variety tour of Vince Vaughn and four stand-up comedians in the spirit of Wild West Shows. Vaughn picked four comedians from The Comedy Store in Los Angeles  for the tour. The tour began September 12, 2005 in Hollywood at the Music Box Theater and spanned 30 shows over 30 consecutive nights in 30 cities across the United States. Vince Vaughn acts as emcee and performs improv sketches with surprise guests. The comedians traveled over 6,000 miles on their tour and included stops in the Western, Southern, and Midwestern states. The film highlights their performances on-stage and contains interviews with the various comedians.'] ['The story revolves around bad stand-up comedy performances by Jim Gaffigan, Michael Rispoli and Victor Varnado. The unlikely band of comics travel to a comedy and poultry festival in the country to exercise their art. Later, a follow-up gives a summary of how everyone has progressed since appearing at the festival, with differing levels of success. On the commercially released DVD , the outtakes section runs in tandem with the credits for around 5 minutes.'] ['The film portrays the smart yet gritty comedy of Boston, a veritable melting pot of people of very different backgrounds: the multi-ethnic working class and the hip, learned college crowd. In an interview for the film, Solimita commented that "Those two things right next to each other created an odd vibe - really smart people who also understand a dollar earned. The comedy just sort of percolated." Along with its joyful \'insider\' look at comedy , the film also explores the darker side of the scene. Cocaine, the glamor drug of choice of the 1980s, was a problem in the circles of performers and club owners. Equally bad was the cut-throat competition between the clubs themselves. One of the film\'s most gripping sequences is the story of Steven Wright\'s appearance on The Tonight Show on 6 August 1982 http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0942833/. Apparently, Carson was so impressed with Wright that he invited him to sit down on the couch, an occurrence almost unheard of for first time guests.http://www.townonline.com/somerville/entertainment/view.bg?articleid&page=1 The event is presented as a boiling point; when the brash, rowdy, innovative Boston scene of the early 80s finally broke into the national spotlight.'] ['Bill Engvall was the first performer, covering a variety of anecdotes including incidents with his son\'s trampoline, nearly being thrown off an airplane, his stressful time at a massage parlor, his addiction to Sky Mall Magazine, and an incident involving two of the family dogs and a coyote. Ron White, with trademark drink and cigar in hand, followed Engvall. His routine included dieting tips that he\'d received, his solution to the problems with the DHS\'s "state of awareness scale," his ill fortune with Texas Hold\'em, being stranded in Fairbanks, Alaska, and the pet concierge at the Don Cesar resort in Florida. Jeff Foxworthy took the stage after White, and spent most of his time onstage discussing his latest addition to his redneck-related material, "redneck fashion tips," along with his amusement at an odd advertisement for LASIK surgery. Larry the Cable Guy was the last performer, and covered a variety of topics including some of his past girlfriends, his new wife and their pregnancy, embarrassing incidents at Wal-Mart and his local grocery store, and an incident at a Home Depot in which a customer was glued to a toilet seat by pranksters. After Larry\'s routine, the other three comedians joined him onstage, where they shared some of their favorite jokes. After this, they showed the audience potentially embarrassing pictures from their photo albums which the show\'s producers had asked their wives to send without them knowing it. The DVD also includes these bonus features: *Yankee Doody Dandy - a short film directed by C.B. Harding. The Blue Collar boys play a trick on President Bush  at the White House. *Molding the Minds of Young Americans - The four hold a question-and-answer session with students at George Washington University. *Blue Collar Fans - A segment of interviews by the fans. *Behind the Scenes of One For the Road - The making of the film and "Yankee Doody Dandy," as well as production of the DVD. *A slideshow of the pictures shown within the last segment of the movie. *"Previews" of the Blue Collar Comedy Tour Rides Again and the Reno 911! Season 3 DVD.'] [" The film follows Chappelle during the summer of 2004, up until September 18, 2004, when he threw a block party on the corner of Quincy Street and Downing Street in the Clinton Hill neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City. The film features nearby sites including the Broken Angel House in Clinton Hill, Brooklyn as well as areas in Fort Greene, Brooklyn and Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn. The film was produced before Chappelle's highly-publicized decision to walk away from a $50 million deal to continue his hit Chappelle's Show, and gained prominence after the announcement. He invited several hip hop and neo-soul musical artists to perform at the party, including Kanye West, Mos Def, Jill Scott, Erykah Badu, and The Roots along with The Central State University Marching Band. Lauryn Hill was also scheduled to perform at the party, but since Columbia Records refused to release her songs for use in the production, she decided instead to reunite The Fugees for the occasion. In addition, Chappelle performed comedy monologues and sketches in between the musical acts."] ["Shecky Moskowitz  is a struggling young comedian who lands a menial job on a cruise ship as the Miss Universe contest is being held onboard. The Big Man On Deck for this voyage is Dickie Diamond , the ship's comedian and all-around ladies' man. As an assorted array of thugs, Panamanian mercenaries and terrorists try to storm the ship, Shecky hopes for one big chance to prove himself and enter the exciting world of cruise ship comedy. Shecky gets his chance to be the ship's comedian when it is thought that Dickie had fallen overboard into the sea and died.  Shecky is nervous about performing, but King Neptune  convinces him to go for the opportunity by telling Shecky about the power of laughter. Shecky's first performance is very unsuccessful as he is booed off the stage. Shecky is especially heckled by the construction worker Dave . However, after a lecture by Milton Berle, Shecky succeeds in making the audience laugh. At this point, the terrorists come onboard and want to kill Miss Australia. Shecky, remembering the advice about the power of laughter, saves Miss Australia by promising to put the assassins in a movie."] 