['In 1893 London, popular writer Herbert George "H.G." Wells  displays a time machine to his skeptical dinner guests. After explaining how it works , police constables arrive at the house searching for Jack the Ripper. One finds a bag, with blood-stained gloves, belonging to one of Herbert\'s friends, a surgeon named John Leslie Stevenson ([[David Warner , whom they are unable to locate in the house, concluding that Stevenson might be the infamous killer. Wells races to his laboratory, but the time machine is gone. Stevenson has escaped to the future, but because he does not have the "non-return" key, it automatically returns to 1893. Herbert uses it to pursue Stevenson to November 5, 1979, where the machine has ended up on display at a museum in San Francisco. He is deeply shocked by the future, having expected it to be an enlightened socialist utopia, only to find chaos in the form of airplanes, automobiles and a worldwide history of war, crime and bloodshed. Searching numerous banks for Stevenson –- he believes an Englishman might need to exchange old currency -– Herbert meets liberated Chartered Bank of London employee Amy Robbins . She directs Herbert to the Hyatt Regency hotel, as she previously had Stevenson. Confronted by his onetime friend Herbert, Stevenson confesses that he finds modern society to be pleasingly violent. Apologetically, he states: "Ninety years ago, I was a freak. Now... I\'m an amateur." Herbert demands he return to 1893 to face justice, but Stevenson, who without the "return key" would be unable to prevent the machine from automatically returning , attempts to wrest it from him. Their struggle is interrupted and Stevenson flees, getting hit by a car during the frantic chase on foot. Herbert follows him to the San Francisco General Hospital emergency room and mistakenly gets the impression that Stevenson had died from his injuries. Herbert meets up with Amy Robbins again and she is the aggressor in a romance . Stevenson returns to the bank to exchange more money. Rightly concluding that it was Amy who had led Herbert to him, he finds out where she lives. Herbert, hoping to convince her of the truth, takes a highly skeptical Amy three days into the future. Once there, she is aghast to see a newspaper headline revealing her own murder as the Ripper\'s fifth victim . Herbert persuades her that they must go back -– it is their duty to attempt to prevent the fourth victim\'s murder, then prevent Amy\'s. However, they are delayed upon their return to the present and can do no more than phone the police. Stevenson kills again, and Herbert is arrested because of his knowledge of the killing. Amy is left alone, totally defenseless, and at the mercy of the "San Francisco Ripper." Herbert unsuccessfully tries to convince the police of Amy\'s peril . Amy attempts to hide from Stevenson. When the police finally do investigate her apartment, they find the dismembered body of a woman. Wells is released, mourning Amy\'s brutal death. Suddenly, he is confronted by Stevenson, who has actually killed Amy\'s coworker Carol, who had accepted an invitation for dinner and to meet Wells. Stevenson then kidnapped Amy in order to extort the time machine key from Wells. Stevenson flees with the key -– and Amy as insurance -– to attempt a permanent escape in the time machine. While Herbert bargains for Amy\'s life, she is able to escape. As Stevenson starts up the time machine, Herbert removes the "vaporizing equalizer" from the machine and Stevenson nods in understanding. The removal of this component, Herbert had confirmed earlier, causes the machine to remain in place while its passenger is sent traveling endlessly through time, with no way to stop; in effect destroying him. Herbert proclaims that the time has come to return to his own time, by himself, in order to destroy a machine that is too dangerous for primitive mankind. Amy pleads with him to take her along . As they depart to the past, she says that she is changing her name to Susan B. Anthony. The end credits reveal that the two later married.'] ['The film begins during the French Revolution with the aged Marquis d\'Apcher  as the narrator, writing his memoirs in a castle, while the voices of a mob can be heard from outside. The film flashes back to 1764http://www.imdb.com/reviews/303/30329.html when a mysterious beast terrorized the province of Gévaudan and nearby lands. Grégoire de Fronsac , a knight and the royal taxidermist of King Louis XV of France, and his Iroquois companion Mani , arrive in Gévaudan to capture the beast. Upon arrival, they rescue Jean Chastel, an aged healer , and his daughter  from an attack by soldiers. The young and enlightened Thomas, Marquis d\'Apcher , befriends them and assists their investigation. Fronsac is initially skeptical about the beast\'s existence, since survivors describe it as much larger than any wolf he has ever seen. However, by studying the bite size on a victim of the beast, he deduces that it must weigh roughly 500&nbsp;lb . Captain Duhamel , an army officer leading the hunt for the beast, has killed dozens of ordinary wolves, but has not come close to the actual killer. While staying in Gévaudan, Fronsac romances Marianne de Morangias , the daughter of a local count, whose brother, Jean-François , was also an avid hunter and a world traveler, before losing one arm to a lion in Africa. Fronsac is also intrigued by Sylvia , an Italian courtesan at the local brothel. While investigating another victim, Fronsac finds a fang made of steel, and his doubts of the Beast\'s existence thicken. Another witness swears that the Beast is controlled by a human master. Fronsac studies the patterns of the attacks and victims, trying to find a common thread and reveal a murderer. As the investigation proves to be unfruitful, the king\'s weapons master, Lord de Beauterne , arrives to put an end to the Beast. But instead of doing so, Beauterne kills an ordinary wolf and tells Fronsac to alter the corpse so it resembles the monster accordingly. Fronsac hesitantly does so, and the bogus wolf is sent back to Paris, where it is put on display, much to the pleasure of the king and the French aristocracy.  In Paris, the king\'s advisor shows Fronsac a copy of a book titled L\'Édifiante ["The Edifying"] with treasonous theories, stating the Beast has come to punish the King of France for his indulgence of the philosophers, and that the modern embrace of science over religion is heresy. Fronsac realizes that the Beast is an instrument of a secret society, The Brotherhood of the Wolf, working to undermine public confidence in the king and ultimately take over the country. Fronsac is told that "officially" the Beast is dead, warned to keep his mouth shut, and bribed with an appointment to travel to Senegal. Back in Gévaudan, the attacks by the real Beast continue. Ignoring his orders, Fronsac returns to Gévaudan, determined to put an end to the Beast\'s killings, and also to take Marianne away. Upon his return, the Beast attacks and he sees it with his own eyes. It kills a man, but mysteriously refrains from attacking Marianne. Fronsac, Mani, and the Marquis set out into the forest and set up an array of traps to capture the Beast, but it proves to be too powerful and intelligent to be captured by anything they can set up. After a violent encounter, Mani sets off solo in pursuit, where he finds a catacomb used as the Beast\'s holding pen, inhabited by the Brotherhood and a band of Gypsies working with them. These include, ironically, Chastel, the Beast\'s tender, and his daughter, whom Mani saved. Outnumbered and distracted by the daughter, Mani is shot in the back, overwhelmed and killed, but not before slaughtering a good number of his attackers. Fronsac is broken when he discovers his best friend has been murdered. Performing an autopsy, he finds a silver bullet, Jean-François\'s signature weapon. In a fit of rage he goes to the catacombs and seeks revenge, finding a pile of copies of L\'Édifiante. He kills many of the Gypsies and discovers the Beast\'s lair before leaving so that he can burn Mani\'s body at dawn. After collecting Mani\'s ashes, he is then overpowered by the local authorities and imprisoned. Sylvia visits him in jail and reveals to him that she is a spy for the Vatican. The local priest, Henri Sardis , is the leader of the Brotherhood, believing that he is restoring worship of God to France. Pope Clement XIII has decided that Sardis is insane, and sent her to eliminate him. She then poisons Fronsac, telling him he knows too much. Fronsac is presumed dead, and buried, when in fact Sylvia\'s poison has only put him into a temporary coma. Henri Sardis wants to kill Marianne, and he persuades Jean-François to do so . Jean-François comes to Marianne\'s room and reveals to her that he is the Beast\'s master; it recognized his scent when it came near her, which is why it did not attack. He also reveals that his right arm is in fact intact, albeit badly scarred, and he has kept it hidden for no apparent reason other than to fool the audience . Jean-François then rapes and nearly kills Marianne. Sylvia\'s agents exhume Fronsac and he appears at one of the Brotherhood\'s secret sermons. In the climactic battle, he kills several Gypsies and duels Jean-François to the death. The other members of the Brotherhood attempt to flee, but they are corralled and arrested by Captain Duhamel and his men. Sylvia personally kills the Chastel\'s daughter. Sardis escapes into the mountains, but is mauled to death by a pack of wolves , in an example of poetic justice. Fronsac attempts to heal Marianne with a potion carried by Mani. He and the marquis Thomas go to the Beast\'s lair, where being tended to by the veterinarian, it lies grievously wounded after the fight in the forest. It turns out the Beast was an offspring of a "strange beast" that Jean-François brought back from Africa . It was tortured into becoming vicious, trained to attack humans, and dressed in metal armor plating and spikes along with a large mask and metal implants in its jaw to make it more formidable and frightening. Fronsac takes pity on the dying creature and kills the Beast in an act of mercy. The film then returns to the opening time period of the French Revolution. The now-elderly Marquis d\'Apcher finishes writing his account of the killings, just before he is led to his execution by a revolutionary mob. In the final scene, the Marquis has a flashback, in which he narrates that he does not know what happened to Fronsac and Marianne but he hopes that somewhere, they are happy together. Fronsac is shown traveling to Senegal with Marianne to start a new life together, scattering Mani\'s ashes at sea. It is left unstated whether the two are alive and happy or whether this is indeed the Marquis\' dream.'] ["Professor Sir Oliver Lindenbrook , a geologist at the University of Edinburgh, is given a piece of volcanic rock by his admiring student, Alec McEwan . Deciding that the rock is unusually heavy, Lindenbrook, mostly thanks to the carelessness of his lab assistant, Mr. Paisley , discovers a plumb bob inside bearing a cryptic inscription. Lindenbrook and Alec discover that it was left by a scientist named Arne Saknussem, who had, almost 300 years earlier, found a passage to the center of the Earth. After translating the message, Lindenbrook immediately sets off with Alec to follow in the Icelandic pioneer's footsteps. Professor Göteborg of Stockholm , upon receiving correspondence from Lindenbrook regarding the nature of the message, opts to try to reach the Earth's center first. Lindenbrook and McEwan chase him to Iceland. There, Göteborg and his assistant kidnap and imprison them in a cellar. They are freed by an athletic Icelander, Hans Bjelke , and his pet duck Gertrude. They find Göteborg dead in his room at an inn. Lindenbrook finds some potassium cyanide crystals in Göteborg's goatee and concludes that he has been killed. Göteborg's widow, Carla , who initially believed Lindenbrook was trying to capitalize on the work of her deceased husband, learns the truth from her husband's diary. She provides the equipment and supplies Göteborg had gathered, including much sought after Ruhmkorff lamps, but only on condition that she go along. Lindenbrook grudgingly agrees, and the four explorers and the pet duck are soon journeying into the Earth. They are aided by marks left by Arne Saknussem showing the path he took 300 years before. However, they are not alone. Count Saknussem  thinks that, as Arne Saknussem's descendent, only he has the right to be there. He trails the group secretly with his servant. When Alec became separated from the others, he almost trips over Saknussem's dead servant. When Alec refuses to be his replacement, Saknussem shoots Alec in the arm. Lindenbrook locates Saknussem from the reverberations of the sound of the shot, and sentences him to death. However, no one is willing to execute him, so they reluctantly take him along. The explorers eventually come upon a subterranean ocean. They construct a raft from the stems of giant mushrooms to cross it. Their raft begins circling in a mid-ocean whirlpool. The professor deduces that this must be the center of the Earth because the magnetic forces from north and south meeting there are strong enough to snatch away even gold in the form of wedding rings and tooth fillings. Completely exhausted, they reach the opposite shore. While the others are asleep, a hungry Saknussem catches and eats Gertrude the duck. When Hans finds out, he rushes at the count, but is pulled off by Lindenbrook and McEwan. Reeling back, Saknussem loosens a column of stones and is buried beneath them. Right behind the collapse, the group comes upon the sunken city of Atlantis. They also find the remains of Arne Saknussem. The hand of his skeleton points toward a passage to the surface. They decide that they will have to break a giant rock blocking their way using gunpowder left by Saknussem. This awakens a giant lizard that attacks them, but it is killed by released lava. They climb into a large sacrificial altar bowl which they have placed in the passage, and are driven upward at great speed by the lava, reaching the surface through a volcanic shaft. Lindenbrook, Carla and Hans are thrown into the sea, while Alec lands naked in a tree in the orchard of a nunnery. When they return to Edinburgh, they are hailed as national heroes. Lindenbrook, however, declines the accolades showered upon him, stating that he has no proof of his experiences, but he encourages others to follow in their footsteps. Alec marries Lindenbrook's niece Jenny , and Lindenbrook and Carla, having fallen in love, kiss."] ["The mountainous kingdom of Paro and the coastal city-state of Itha had been at peace for over a century. They would have remained that way but for the ambitions of Paro's power-hungry king. Paro invaded Itha, despite the love between Jill, Paro's prince, and Ahanas, Itha's princess. Caught between duty and emotion, the star-crossed lovers were forced to fight a war to its bitter conclusion. Isu was a simple farmer from the neutral village of Saki, but he saved Itha from being destroyed by being a spy from Paro, and found himself hungering for wealth and glory that the Ithan monarchy could provide. Agents from Paro made him an offer to fulfill his wishes, and he left his wife Marin behind in what would turn into a battlefield between the two kingdoms."] ['The English village of Wall lies near a stone wall that is the border with the magical kingdom of Stormhold. A guard is constantly posted at a break in the wall to prevent anyone from crossing. At the beginning of the story, Dunstan Thorne crosses over the wall and into the Wall Market. There, he meets an enslaved princess named Una, who offers him a glass snowdrop in exchange for a kiss. Nine months later, the Wall Guard delivers a baby to Dunstan, saying his name is Tristan. Eighteen years later, in the royal palace of Stormhold, the king is on his deathbed. He throws a ruby into the sky, decreeing that the first of his fratricidal sons to recover it will be the new king. The gem collides with a star, and they fall together and land elsewhere in Stormhold. The king\'s two remaining sons, Primus and Septimus independently search for the gem. In Wall, Tristan Thorne sees the star fall behind the wall, and vows to retrieve it for the object of his infatuation, Victoria, in return for her hand in marriage. His father reveals to him that his mother is from the other side of the wall, and gives him a Babylon candle that she had left for him, which instantly transports the user to any desired location. Tristan lights it and is transported to the fallen star, a beautiful woman named Yvaine. He promptly chains her in order to take her home to Victoria. Three ancient witches in Stormhold also learn of the fallen star and resolve to find her, intending to eat her heart in order to recover their youth and replenish their magical power. The leader of the witches, Lamia, consumes the remains of the heart they had cut from a star that had fallen centuries before and was captured by the witches. Regaining temporary youth, Lamia hunts down Yvaine and sets a trap for her, magically conjuring an inn in the countryside. Yvaine is weary and unaccustomed to daytime travel, so Tristan chains her to a tree and promises to return with food. In his absence, a unicorn frees Yvaine, then unwittingly takes her to Lamia\'s inn. Tristan discovers Yvaine gone and lies down to rest. The stars whisper to Tristan, warning of Yvaine\'s danger and begging him to save her as the last star who fell was murdered by the three witches and her heart eaten; instructing him to get on a passing stagecoach, which happens to be Primus\'. Tristan and Primus arrive at the inn, interrupting Lamia\'s attempt to kill Yvaine. Lamia kills Primus, but Tristan and Yvaine escape using the stub of the Babylon candle. Because they are each thinking of their respective homes, the candle takes Tristan and Yvaine into the storm clouds, between the earth and the stars, where they are captured by pirates in a flying ship. They befriend the kind-hearted Captain Shakespeare, who teaches Tristan how to fence and fight, and gives him and Yvaine clean clothing. Septimus arrives at the site of the inn and discovers that he is the last surviving son of the king, only needing to find the stone to claim the throne. He learns that it is in the possession of the fallen star and that the heart of a star grants immortality. After leaving Captain Shakespeare\'s ship, Tristan and Yvaine make their way to a village near the wall, where they spend the night at an inn. Come morning, Tristan leaves Yvaine sleeping and goes to Wall, bringing with him a lock of her hair, to tell Victoria that he won\'t marry her, having fallen in love with Yvaine. When the lock turns to dust, he realizes that Yvaine will die if she crosses the wall, and he rushes back to save her. Yvaine wakes up to find Tristan gone, and she starts walking toward the wall, believing that he abandoned her to go back to Victoria. Tristan\'s mother Una notices Yvaine walking to her doom, so she takes the caravan of her enslaver, a witch named Ditchwater Sal, to the wall to stop her. Lamia arrives and, after killing Sal, captures both Una and Yvaine, taking them to the witches\' castle. Septimus and Tristan both pursue Lamia and meet at the castle, agreeing to work together for the time being. Barging into the witches\' castle, Septimus recognizes the princess as his long-lost sister. Una and Tristan meet for the first time, and she informs him that she is his mother. Septimus and Tristan fight the witches, killing two of them, but Lamia kills Septimus using a voodoo doll, then uses it to make his corpse fight Tristan. Tristan disposes of the corpse. Lamia then disarms Tristan in a swordfight and is about to finish him off, when she breaks down over the loss of her two sisters. Lamia seemingly frees Yvaine but instead reveals her feigned defeat to be a ruse meant to bolster Yvaine\'s broken heart. As the witch-queen bears down on them, Yvaine realises that Tristan\'s return has left her heartbroken no more. She tells him to close his eyes and hold her tight. As they embrace, her love for Tristan allows her to shine once again, vaporising Lamia in a blinding flash of pure starlight. Tristan retrieves the jewel that Yvaine was wearing. Una explains that, as her son, Tristan is the last male heir of Stormhold. Tristan becomes the new king with Yvaine as his queen. Later, after eighty years of ruling Stormhold, they both use a Babylon candle to ascend to the sky, where Tristan also becomes a star. Since Yvaine "gave her heart" to Tristan, the two will live forever in the sky.'] ['A Chinese man robs the Bank of England. To evade the police, he becomes the valet for Phileas Fogg, an inventor. Phileas is trying to break the 50-mph speed barrier, and after succeeding with the help of Passepartout, they head to the Royal Academy of Science. There, Fogg is insulted by the other "brilliant minds", in particular William Thomson, 1st Baron Kelvin, who believes that everything worth discovering has already been discovered. Phileas is pressured into a bet to see whether he can travel around the world in 80 days. If he wins he will become Minister of Science in Lord Kelvin\'s place, if not he will destroy his lab and never invent anything again. Phileas and Passepartout start their journey around the world, taking a carriage and leaving London after a confrontation with Inspector Fix, a corrupt officer hired by the Royal Academy of Science to stop them. Passepartout and Phileas journey to Paris. Pretending to take Phileas to a convention with Thomas Edison, Passepartout leads him to an art school where Phileas meets Monique La Roche, a would-be impressionist. There, Passepartout is attacked by warriors sent by General Fang, who is after the Jade Buddha that he stole. Fang had previously given it to Kelvin in exchange for military assistance in China. When Monique learns of Phileas\'s ambition, she convinces them to take her with them. They depart in a hot-air balloon, chased by Fang\'s warriors. Whilst on the Orient Express, Monique learns that Passepartout is trying to return the Jade Buddha back to his village, and is travelling with Phileas to get there quickly. Monique keeps his secret in exchange for him convincing Phileas to let her travel with him. They travel to Turkey, where they are greeted by Prince Hapi. The Prince orders Monique to stay as his seventh wife while the men are ordered to leave. The men blackmail Prince Hapi into releasing Monique using a prized but apparently flimsy "The Thinker" statue of the Prince. The statue is destroyed but the three travellers escape. Lord Kelvin learns that Phileas has been involuntarily abetting a thief\'s escape. He orders the British colonial authorities in India to arrest both. Passepartout sees notice of the price on his head and warns his companions. Disguised as women they evade the police but are attacked by Fang\'s warriors. Using Inspector Fix and a sextant as weapons, they defeat their assailants and flee to China. Passepartout leads his friends to his village where they are happily greeted. They spend several days there and are attacked by the Black Scorpions. Phileas, Monique and Passepartout, whose name is revealed to be Lau Xing, are held captive. Lau Xing challenges the leader of the group to a fight. At first he fights alone and is defeated; moments later he is joined by the martial arts masters of the "Ten Tigers of Canton", of which he is one. The Tigers drive the Black Scorpions from the village and free the Westerners. The Buddha is returned to the village temple. Phileas, unhappy that his companions used him, leaves China alone. He travels to San Francisco and is tricked out of his money. He is found by Lau Xing and Monique. In the desert they find the Wright brothers and the three inventors discuss the flying machine. Phileas finds the brothers\' plans brilliant but suggests a few changes. Lau Xing, Monique, and Phileas\' next stop is New York City, where a crowd greets them, making it impossible for them to reach their ship. A policeman takes them through a building he claims is a shortcut, but it is an ambush. Fang\'s minions made arrangements with Lord Kelvin to take Lau Xing\'s village and tap the jade reserves underneath it, but if Phileas wins the bet Lord Kelvin will not have the means to help them. A battle against Fang and her minions commences in the workshop where the Statue of Liberty was constructed, ending in Fang being knocked out by Monique. The three friends are victorious. Though Phileas could have gotten the boat, he misses it to help Lau Xing. Phileas feels he has lost, but the other two say they may still make it if they catch the next ship. They board an old ship and Phileas convinces the captain to let him build a plane out of the ship\'s old wood in exchange for a new ship. Using the changed Wright brothers\' plans, Phileas builds a plane while the ship\'s crew builds a catapult to launch it into the sky. They reach London, where the machine falls apart and they crash in front of the Royal Academy. Lord Kelvin sends police to stop them from making it to the top step of the Royal Academy of Science, and the clock strikes noon, ending the wager. Lord Kelvin proclaims himself the victor. Monique, Fix and other ministers attest to Kelvin\'s unfair methods and his bullying nature, but Kelvin scoffs at them. In the process he insults Queen Victoria, who is nearby listening. She learned that he had sold her arsenal to Fang in exchange for jade mines in China thanks to one of his aides. Kelvin is arrested, but vows revenge on all of England, especially Phileas. Phileas realizes he is one day early thanks to crossing the international date line. He ascends the stairs of the Academy and kisses Monique, victorious in his bet.'] ['In the year 1868, rumors of a sea monster attacking ships in the Pacific Ocean have created apprehension and fear among sailors, disrupting the shipping lanes. Prof. Pierre M. Aronnax and his assistant, Conseil, are on their way to Saigon but get stuck in San Francisco by the halting of ships. The U.S. government invites Aronnax onto an expedition to either prove or disprove the monster\'s existence. One of their fellow crew is the cocky master harpooneer Ned Land. After months of fruitless searching, the monster is spotted one night. The ship fires at it with cannons, and it immediately charges. Ned and Aronnax are thrown overboard, and Conseil goes in after Aronnax. The warship, burning and helpless, drifts silently and no one on board answers when the overboard passengers cry for help. The three drift in the ocean, eventually finding a strange-looking metal vessel, and realize the "monster" is a man-made "submerging boat", that seems to have been deserted. Inside, Aronnax wanders down into the Salon, where he finds a massive viewing window and sees an underwater funeral taking place, presumably for a man on the submerging boat who was killed by the expeditionary ship\'s guns. When the submarine crew returns to their ship, they capture the three castaways. The captain introduces himself as Nemo, master of the Nautilus. He returns Ned and Conseil to the deck, while Aronnax, whom he recognizes for his work and research, is allowed to stay. He tempts Aronnax to remain with him, but Aronnax prefers to share his companions\' fate. Nemo prepares to submerge Nautilus with the three stowaways on the deck, but at the last moment changes his mind and allows them to stay. After dinner that night, Nemo takes them all on an underwater expedition to gather supplies, but Ned tries to salvage a treasure chest from a sunken wreck, almost getting attacked by a shark. Later on, Nemo takes Aronnax to the penal colony island of Rura Penthe. Nemo reveals he was once a prisoner there himself, as were many of the crew of the Nautilus. The prisoners there are loading a munitions ship. It embarks at sunset, whereupon the Nautilus rams it, destroying its munitions cargo and killing the entire crew. When confronted by Aronnax, an anguished Nemo says that his actions have just saved thousands from death in war; he also discloses that this "hated nation" had tortured his wife and son to death in an attempt to force him to reveal the secrets of his work. Meanwhile, Ned discovers the coordinates of Nemo\'s secret island base, Vulcania, and releases messages in bottles, hoping somebody will find them and free him from captivity. Off the coast of New Guinea, the Nautilus gets stranded on a reef. Ned is surprised when Nemo freely allows him to go ashore with Conseil, ostensibly to collect specimens. Ned goes off alone inland to explore avenues of escape. While kneeling at a pool to drink he sees a number of human skulls on stakes. Unbeknownst to him he has been spotted by a cannibal in a nearby tree. Realizing his danger, Ned runs for his life and rejoins Conseil as they are chased back to the Nautilus. Despite remaining aground, Nemo is unconcerned and the cannibals are repelled from the ship by electrical charges circulated on its hull. Captain Nemo is furious at Ned for not following his orders, and confines him to the submarine\'s brig as punishment. A warship approaches, firing and striking the submarine just as it breaks free of the reef. It descends into the depths, where it attracts the attentions of a giant squid. The electric charge fails to repel the monster, so Nemo and his men are forced to surface in order to fight and dislodge the beast. During the battle, Nemo is caught in one of the squid\'s tentacles; Ned, having escaped from captivity in the struggle and in spite of his hatred for the captain , jumps to Nemo\'s rescue and saves his captor\'s life. As a result, Nemo has a change of heart; he claims now to want to make peace with the outer world, by sharing his secrets of the sea. However, this is to be short-lived. As the Nautilus nears Vulcania, Nemo finds the island surrounded by warships, whose marines are converging on his hideout. As Nemo goes ashore, Ned attempts to identify himself as the author of the bottled messages to no avail. Aronnax realizes this and becomes furious, recognizing that Nemo will destroy all evidence of his discoveries. Sure enough, Nemo plants a bomb in his hideout, but is mortally wounded from a slug to the back while returning to the Nautilus. After haphazardly navigating the submarine away from Vulcania, Nemo announces he will be "taking the Nautilus down for the last time." Loyal to Nemo to the very end, his entire crew declare that they will accompany their captain in death. Aronnax, Conseil, and Ned are taken forcibly to their cabins. Ned fights back, escapes to the now deserted bridge, and manages to surface the Nautilus, hitting a reef in the process and causing the ship to begin flooding rapidly. In his final moments, Nemo staggers to a viewing window, collapses, and looks at his beloved ocean one last time as he dies. Aronnax tries to go back and retrieve his journal, which contains a detailed account of the voyage, but the urgency of their escape obliges Ned to knock him unconscious and carry him out. The companions witness Vulcania destroyed in an explosion. Aronnax\'s diary of the voyage is also lost forever, and when Ned apologizes for having hit him, the Professor replies "Perhaps you did mankind a service, Ned". The shock from the explosion causes the Nautilus to sink even more quickly, and as it disappears beneath the waves forever, Nemo\'s last words to Aronnax echo: "There is hope for the future. And when the world is ready for a new and better life, all this will someday come to pass, in God\'s good time."'] ['Things to Come sets out a future history from 1940 to 2036. It is set in the fictional British city of \'Everytown\'. Successful businessman John Cabal  cannot enjoy Christmas Day, 1940, with the ominous news of possible war. His guest Harding  shares his worries, but over-optimistic friend Passworthy ([[Edward Chapman  believes it will not come to pass, or even if it does, it will do good by accelerating technological progress. A bombing raid on the city that night results in general mobilization and global war. Some time later, Cabal, now piloting a biplane, shoots down a one-man enemy bomber. He lands and pulls the badly injured enemy  from the wreckage. As they dwell on the madness of war, they have to put on their gas masks, as poison gas drifts in their direction. When a little girl runs towards them, the wounded man insists she take his mask, saying he is done for anyway. Cabal takes the girl to his aeroplane, pausing to leave the doomed man a revolver. The man dwells on the irony that he may have gassed the child\'s family and yet he has saved her. He then shoots himself. The war continues for decades, long enough for the survivors to have forgotten why they are fighting in the first place. Humanity enters a new Dark Age. The world is in ruins and there is little technology left apart from the firearms used to wage war. In 1966, a plague called the "wandering sickness" is spread by the unnamed enemy using its last few remaining aircraft. Dr. Harding and his daughter Mary struggle to find a cure, but with little equipment, it is hopeless. By 1970, a local warlord called the "Chief" or the "Boss"  has risen to power in the south of England and eradicated the sickness by shooting the infected. He dreams of conquering the "hill people" to obtain coal and shale to render into oil so his biplanes can fly again. On May Day 1970, a futuristic aeroplane lands outside the town. The sole pilot, John Cabal, emerges and proclaims that the last surviving band of "engineers and mechanics" have formed a civilization called "Wings Over the World". They are based in Basra, Iraq, and have renounced war and outlawed independent nations. The Boss takes the pilot prisoner and forces him to work for Gordon, a mechanic working on repairing the few remaining aeroplanes. Together, they manage to fix a plane. When Gordon takes it up for a test flight, he flees to alert Cabal\'s friends. Wings Over the World attacks Everytown with gigantic aeroplanes and drops sleeping gas bombs on the town. The Boss orders his biplanes to attack but they are shot down. The people of Everytown awaken shortly thereafter, to find it occupied by the Airmen and the Boss dead. A montage follows, showing decades of technological progress, beginning with Cabal explaining plans for global consolidation by Wings Over the World. By 2036, mankind lives in modern underground cities, including the new Everytown. However, all is not well. The sculptor Theotocopulos  incites the populace to demand a "rest" from the rush of progress, symbolized by the first manned flight around the Moon. The modern-day Luddites are opposed by Oswald Cabal , the head of the governing council and great grandson of John Cabal. Cabal\'s daughter Catherine  and her boyfriend Horrie Passworthy insist on flying the spaceship. When a mob rushes to destroy the space gun used to propel the spacecraft, Cabal launches the ship ahead of schedule. Cabal then delivers a speech about Progress and humanity\'s quest for knowledge, asking, "And if we’re no more than animals, we must snatch each little scrap of happiness, and live, and suffer, and pass, mattering no more than all the other animals do or have done. It is this, or that. All the universe or nothing. Which shall it be, Passworthy? Which shall it be?"'] ['The early part of the film follows the experience of a late 19th century journalist, known as "the writer", who races through London to be reunited with his wife in Leatherhead as an army of Martians attacks the planet, driving in massive Tripods and taking control of the Earth. The film also shows the adventures of his brother, who accompanies two women to the coast of England in an attempt to escape the aliens.'] ["In 19th century Paris, the famed detective Vidocq  disappears while pursuing a murderer called the Alchemist. Etienne Boisset , a young biographer of Vidocq's, follows in his footsteps and progressively uncovers Vidocq's investigations. He learns how Vidocq was first called in to investigate a series of assassinations by lightning, which led him to pursue the Alchemist. Etienne discovers that the Alchemist is a wizard of sorts who wears a mirrored mask and kills virgins to maintain eternal youth. Even the sex of the Alchemist is a mystery, because it sometimes utters mocking feminine sighs during combat with Vidocq. Etienne probes deeper into Vidocq's investigations and eventually comes to learn that the Alchemist uses virgin blood to make magical mirrors that consume human souls."] ['In an alternate, more technologically advanced 1939, the zeppelin Hindenburg III arrives in New York City, mooring at the Empire State Building. A frightened scientist named Dr. Jorge Vargas  makes arrangements for a package containing two vials to be delivered to a Dr. Walter Jennings , then vanishes. Polly Perkins , a newspaper reporter for The Chronicle, looks into the disappearances of Vargas and five other renowned scientists. She receives a cryptic message telling her to go to Radio City Music Hall. Ignoring the warning of editor Paley  not to go, she meets Dr. Jennings during a showing of The Wizard of Oz. He tells her that Dr. Totenkopf is coming for him. Suddenly, air raid sirens go off as giant indestructible robots attack the city. In desperation, the police call for "Sky Captain" Joe Sullivan , who commands a private air force based in New York, the Flying Legion. Polly photographs the action from the street as Sullivan knocks out one robot and the rest leave. News reports show similar attacks around the globe. The robot\'s wreckage is taken back to the Legion\'s air base so that its expert, Dex Dearborn , can examine it. Polly follows, hoping to get information for her story. She and Joe are ex-lovers, who broke up three years earlier in China where Joe was serving with the Flying Tigers. Since it appears Polly has useful information, Joe agrees to let her in on the investigation. Her lead takes them to the ransacked laboratory of Dr. Jennings, with the scientist himself near death. The killer, a mysterious woman , escapes. Jennings gives Polly two vials, which he says are crucial to Dr. Totenkopf\'s plans. Polly withholds this information from Joe. They return to the Legion\'s base, which comes under attack from squadrons of ornithopter drones. Dex manages to track the origin of the robot control signal, but he\'s captured. However, he leaves behind a part of a map marking the location of Totenkopf\'s base. Joe and Polly find it and head to Nepal. Venturing into the Himalayas, they discover an abandoned mining outpost. Two guides turn out to be working for Totenkopf, forcing Polly to turn over the vials and then locking her and Joe in a room full of explosives, which they light. Joe and Polly are knocked unconscious by the explosion. They wake up together in the mythical Shangri-La. The monks there tell of Totenkopf\'s enslavement of their people, forcing them to work in the uranium mines. Most were killed by the radiation, but the final survivor  provides a clue to where Totenkopf is hiding. This leads them to another of Joe\'s ex-flames, Commander Franky Cook , who commands a Royal Navy flying aircraft carrier with submarine aircraft. Franky leads the attack while Joe and Polly enter through an underwater inlet. After surfacing, Polly notices that the identification number on Joe\'s aircraft reads "Polly" when viewed upside-down. Joe and Polly find themselves on an island with dinosaur-like creatures. They head to a mountain and find a secret underground facility, where robots are loading animals, as well as the mysterious vials, onto a large "Noah\'s Ark" rocket. Joe and Polly are detected and nearly killed. Dex, piloting a barge, arrives in the nick of time with three of the missing scientists. Dex explains that Totenkopf has given up on humanity and seeks to start the world over again: the "World of Tomorrow". The vials are genetic material for a male and female human: a new Adam and Eve. In Totenkopf\'s lair, one scientist is incinerated by the defense system. A holograph of Totenkopf  appears and speaks. Dex disables the defenses and the group discovers Totenkopf\'s mummified corpse. He had died 20 years before, but his machines have carried on his work. In his hand is a scrap of paper reading "forgive me". The only way to sabotage the rocket is from the inside. Polly tries to tag along, but Joe kisses her and knocks her out. He prepares to sacrifice himself while the others escape. Polly recovers and follows Joe, arriving in time to save him from the mysterious woman, who turns out to be a robot. The two board the rocket. Before it reaches 100&nbsp;km, when its second stage fires and incinerates the earth, Polly pushes an emergency button that ejects all the animals in escape pods. Joe tries to disable the rocket only to be interrupted by the same robot. He jolts her with her electric weapon and then uses it on the controls, disabling the rocket. They use the last pod to save themselves as the rocket safely explodes. Joe and Polly watch the animal pods splash down around their escape pod. Polly then uses the last shot on her camera to take a picture of Joe. He tells her that the lens cap was still on the camera. Polly\'s look of joy turns to shock as she realizes she has no proof any of their adventure happened.'] ['The young boy Amon has the mysterious power of the ancient "wind people." His father, a brilliant military scientist of the Golden Snake Empire, does not want to use his son\'s powers for weapons of mass destruction. He burns his papers and lab and tries to escape from the country with his family, but is killed in the attempt. Amon is taken prisoner by the Golden Snake Empire\'s despotic ruler, Branik, who intends for Amon\'s powers to produce a new super-weapon. Amon escapes to Heart Island when an eagle explains to him how to see the wind and fly. On Heart Island, Amon learns a bit about the history of the wind people from a bear. He then flies off and settles in a small fishing village. There, he befriends a young girl his own age, Maria. When Branik and the Golden Snake Empire launch an attack on the village, Maria\'s family are killed and Maria flees with Amon. Eventually Amon and Maria are recaptured, Maria thrown in prison and Amon forced to work on weapons. Amon joins a small revolution against Branik.'] ['Wilhelm Grimm and Jakob Grimm arrive in French-occupied Germany during the early 19th century. They go to Karlstadt to rid the town of a witch\'s ghost. After killing the "ghost", it is revealed that the Brothers Grimm have actually set up a fake witch to trick the town. Afterwards, as they are celebrating, Italian torturer Cavaldi takes them to the French General Delatombe. Delatombe forces them to solve a mystery: the girls of the small village of Marbaden are disappearing and the villagers are convinced that supernatural beings are responsible. The Grimms are charged with finding who is responsible and they soon discover that it is the work of a real supernatural force: a beautiful, yet dangerous 500-year-old Thuringian queen stealing young girls to restore her own beauty. Will and Jake have a complicated relationship, since Jake is the smaller, younger, more sensitive one that Will feels he needs to protect. Will is often very hard on Jake  and orders him around. Will is somewhat of a womanizer and wants to make money, while Jake is more interested in fairy tales and adventures. Jake feels that Will doesn\'t care about or believe in him, but Will is just frustrated about the way Jake acts so spontaneously, therefore making it hard for Will to protect him. Long ago, King Childeric I came to the forest to build a city while the queen experimented with black magic to gain eternal life. A plague swept through the land and she hid in her tower, while her husband and everyone below her perished. Her spell granted her immortal life, but not the youth and beauty to go along with it. Her youthful appearance now only exists in her mirror, the source of her life, as an illusion and nothing more. She needs to drink the blood of twelve young girls to regain her beauty; ten have already been reported missing. The queen is working an enchantment to regain her beauty with the aid of her werewolf huntsman and his magic axe, crow familiars, and various creatures in the forest. The Grimms, with the help of Cavaldi and Angelika, a knowing huntress from the village, intend to destroy The Mirror Queen. After another girl goes missing, Cavaldi takes the Grimms and Angelika back to Delatombe. Because they have failed, Cavaldi is ordered to kill both the Grimms, but after convincing Delatombe that the magic in the forest is actually caused by German rebels, he sends them back. While Cavaldi stays behind with Angelika in the village, the brothers attempt to get into the tower. Jake succeeds and discovers the queen and the power of her mirror. Meanwhile, another girl named Sasha is captured despite Angelika and Cavaldi\'s efforts to save her. Jake rides into the forest alone after a spat with Will, who follows him. After mistaking a dummy that is smashed into the tower for Jake, Will realizes that Jake needs him to believe in him, and assists Jake in climbing up the tower. On the roof of the tower, Jake notices twelve crypts in which the twelve victims must lie. When Sasha\'s body comes up from a well, the werewolf takes her to a tomb. After rescuing Sasha and taking the werewolf\'s magic axe, the Grimms return to the village. Delatombe captures the brothers and believes them to be frauds. French soldiers begin burning down the forest and Cavaldi represses his sympathy to the brothers, but they are eventually saved by Angelika. The werewolf is revealed to be Angelika\'s father, who is under the Queen\'s spell. It turns out that he is only able to keep on living due to an enchanted spike that is lodged into his chest and without such, the spell is broken. Angelika is drowned by her father, becoming the 12th victim. The Brothers reach the tower while the Queen breathes an ice wind which puts out the forest fire. Delatombe notices that the Grimms have escaped and goes after them with Cavaldi. When Cavaldi refuses to kill the Grimms, Delatombe shoots him, but is later impaled by Will. Will and Jake enter the tower, where Will falls under the Queen\'s spell by taking the enchanted spike from Angelika\'s father and lodging it inside of Will instead. Jake shatters the enchanting mirror in the tower, preventing the queen from completing the spell that will restore her youth. With the last of his strength, Angelika\'s father destroys the rest of the mirror by jumping out of the window with it, and Will, in an attempt to save the queen, tries to take back the mirror and falls with him, and both men are killed. Outside, Cavaldi survives, having donned the Grimm\'s faux-magic armor. He finds Will\'s body and recites an Italian curse, and the tower falls apart. Jake escapes, and Cavaldi informs Jake that he can break the spell and awaken Angelika with a kiss, which in turn resurrects the other girls and Will. With the menace gone and their daughters returned to them, the villagers of Marbaden celebrate and give their heart-felt thanks to the brothers. Cavaldi stays in the village and joins the villagers for the feast. Angelika kisses both the Grimms and tells them that they are always welcome at the village. The Grimms decide to pursue a new profession, presumably recording fairy tales although they are now wanted criminals of the state. One of the queen\'s crows is seen flying off with the last shard of her mirror, still holding the queen\'s watchful eye, and presumably, her living soul.'] ['In 1863, where an alternate nineteenth century Europe has made tremendous strides in steampunk-themed technologies, scientist Lloyd Steam and his son Edward have succeeded, after a lengthy expedition, in discovering a pure mineral water. They believe the water can be harnessed as an ultimate power source for steam engines . An experiment in Russian Alaska goes terribly wrong, with Edward being engulfed in freezing gases, but results in the creation of a strange spherical apparatus. Three years later, back in England, Edward\'s son, Ray Steam, is an avid young inventor who works at a textile mill in Manchester as a maintenance boy, often working on a personal steam-powered monowheel at home. While he usually lives alone with his mother, his friend Emma and her brother Thomas have recently been sent over to stay until their mother returns from a business trip. Ray\'s life is suddenly disrupted by the arrival of a package from his grandfather Lloyd; the metallic ball seen earlier, along with its schematics and a letter instructing him to guard it. Then, Alfred and Jason, two members from a company called "The O\'Hara Foundation" arrive and attempt to steal the ball, but Lloyd appears just in time to distract them, allowing Ray to escape with the package. With Emma\'s help, he manages to activate his monowheel as more agents, operating a large steam automotive, give chase, succeeding in thwarting it on a railway line by putting it in the way of an incoming train. By coincidence, Robert Stephenson, who was the intended recipient of the Steam Ball, was on his way to Manchester to meet with the elder Dr. Steam, and happens to be on the train. However, as the train approaches the station, a zeppelin carrying Alfred descends over their compartment and kidnaps Ray, taking the ball with them. Arriving in London, sometime prior to the 1866 Great Exhibition, during a small dining session Ray meets Scarlett O\'Hara, the spoiled granddaughter of the Foundation\'s head chairman; Archibald Simon, an administrator of the company; and finally his father Edward, who has been partially mechanized for his severe injuries from the Alaskan experiment. He promptly takes Ray  on a tour of the "Steam Castle"; an elaborate facility run by an army of engineers, and entirely powered by the compressed gas in three "Steam Balls", one of which was the one sent to Ray. He is enamored both by the castle, and his father\'s vision of using it to enlighten mankind. Ray is then quickly recruited to help complete the castle, and begins developing a love/hate friendship with Scarlett, who has become attracted to him. Ray later encounters Lloyd again, who has escaped from his cell in the castle and is attempting to sabotage it from within, knowing that Eddie\'s intentions for it were evil. The Foundation\'s true intentions for the exhibition is to sell weapons to Britain\'s enemies. Upon discovering an arsenal of war machines in its underbelly, Ray struggles with the moral dichotomy of being a scientist; of how to contribute to the world without giving into vanity, conveying his conflict towards his father, and the one brewing between Eddie and Lloyd. The two eventually reach the core section of the castle, and manage to pry away one of the steam balls before security surrounds them. Lloyd is shot by Alfred and recaptured, while Ray makes another elaborate escape with the ball. The next morning, the exhibition is underway, and Ray has reunited with Robert Stephenson, giving him the ball and the knowledge he acquired in captivity. An assault on the castle is then met with a demonstration by the Foundation of its new steam-powered weapons, which turn the exhibition into a war zone. Ray becomes aware of his folly when Stephenson uses the ball to enhance his own company\'s battle tanks , leading him to realize that he had no better intentions than the Foundation\'s. Eddie, eager to show the world the castle, enters the observation/control room and orders the engineers to "launch" it, causing the structure to rise and shed its decorative outer shell, revealing a monstrous floating fortress, the steam generated by the structure\'s gigantic propulsion jets flooding the city and freezing everything in its path. Ray steals the ball again to create a makeshift rocket vehicle, and attempts to gain entry as the British Royal Navy attempts in vain to shoot it down. Scarlett has since become worried about Ray, and has found herself trapped in the castle whilst searching for him. She is in the control room with Eddie as Ray arrives, and Lloyd  confronts Eddie about his actions before shooting him with a stolen gun, and having his body disappear in a cloud of steam. With the castle steered off course from the battle, the structure has become unstable and threatens to explode over the city. Lloyd and Ray rush to redirect the castle over the Thames, defeating Alfred who is controlling a pair of gigantic construction claws in the process. At the last minute Eddie, whose metal body repelled the gunshot, appears alive and decides to lend a hand. Ray reinstalls the stolen steam ball, and makes his way to the control room to make a final escape with Scarlett on an emergency jet pack, while Eddie and Lloyd halt the machine over the Thames and leave as well. The castle eventually detonates in a spectacular explosion, sparing the city of most of the destruction. The ending montage reveals Ray returning home, and later becoming a global superhero  using the jet pack gear from the castle; his grandfather Lloyd introducing Ray to electricity and finally passing away; the Great War is fought with paratroopers and zeppelins; his father Eddie founding a corporate conglomerate; and Scarlett maturing and becoming a famous pilot.'] ['In 1887, Transylvanian Doctor Frankenstein  brings to life his Monster  with the aid of his assistant Igor ([[Kevin J. O\'Connor , and Count Dracula . Dracula kills Victor Frankenstein after revealing that he helped him only so he could use Frankenstein\'s monster to bring his undead children to life. Frankenstein\'s monster then escapes to a windmill, which is burned down by a pursuing mob. The mob flees as Dracula and his three brides, Verona , Aleera  and Marishka , mourn the loss of Victor and their chance to bring their children to life. One year later, the Knights of the Holy Order, stationed at the Vatican, dispatch Gabriel Van Helsing, who has amnesia, to kill Dracula. He is also tasked with preventing the last of the Valerious family from falling into purgatory; the family swore to kill Dracula nine generations ago and is unable to enter Heaven until they succeed. He is given a torn piece of paper with an insignia on it. He is joined by Carl , a friar who provides support and weapons. Arriving in Transylvania, the two meet Anna Valerious , who tells them her brother Velkan ([[Will Kemp  was recently killed by a werewolf. Van Helsing then saves her from Dracula\'s brides as they attack the village, ending with Van Helsing killing Marishka as the others escape. Anna then takes the pair back to her castle. Anna is determined to kill Dracula herself, but Van Helsing is unwilling for her to take the risk, knowing that she is the last of the Valerious family. When she resists, he gasses her to sleep and puts her in her bed. Later in the night, Anna awakens from her deep, dreamless sleep and encounters Velkan, now a werewolf himself. After Velkan flees, Van Helsing and Anna track him to Frankenstein\'s castle, only to find Dracula attempting to give life to his children using Velkan as a substitute for the Monster, but it fails after the undead children expire and explode. Anna frees Velkan but he becomes a werewolf again. Dracula confronts Van Helsing, who recognizes him from his past and realizes that Dracula is impervious to all conventional methods of killing vampires. While escaping, Van Helsing and Anna fall into a cave. There, they find Frankenstein\'s Monster alive. Though the Monster pleads to be killed so that Dracula cannot use him, Van Helsing decides to take him to Rome so he can be protected. They flee in a carriage, but while crossing the Carpathian Mountains, the brides and Velkan, who have been pursuing the group, attack. The carriage plummets down a precipice and Verona tries to save the Monster, but on opening the door reveals that it is a decoy carriage containing only stakes bundled against explosives, which kill her when the carriage hits the bottom. The genuine carriage is attacked and Van Helsing kills Velkan, but not before Van Helsing is bitten by him; when the next full moon occurs, Van Helsing will become a werewolf. Anna is then captured by Aleera and taken to Budapest. In Budapest, Van Helsing agrees to a trade and hides the Monster in a cemetery before he and Carl head off to save Anna, who is at a masked ball for vampires. At the ball, Dracula offers to release the souls of Anna\'s family in exchange for her becoming his next bride. Van Helsing and Carl manage to rescue her, but the Monster is captured and taken away on a boat. Escaping from Dracula\'s Summer Palace, Van Helsing, Anna, and Carl return to Frankenstein\'s castle, where they find all the equipment has been removed. At Anna\'s castle, Carl explains that Dracula was the son of Anna\'s ancestor. Dracula was murdered by "The Left Hand of God", but not before making a Faustian Bargain, which gave him new life as a vampire. Carl explains that although Anna\'s ancestor made the vow to kill Dracula, he could not kill his own son. Instead, he banished Dracula to an icy fortress from which he should not have been able to return, but the Devil gave him wings and the power of flight, which allowed him to escape. Van Helsing then finds a portal to Dracula\'s castle disguised as a wall map, completed using the paper that Van Helsing brought from Rome. They enter the portal, emerging on a cliff near Castle Dracula. As the trio sees the Monster being lifted to the laboratory, he tells them that Dracula has a werewolf cure. Carl realizes that only a werewolf can kill Dracula and that he uses werewolves to do his bidding, but needs a cure in case they have the willpower to turn against him. Making his way to the laboratory, Van Helsing frees the Monster—but not before Dracula\'s spawn are given life. He then confronts Dracula. Dracula reveals that Van Helsing is really The Archangel Gabriel, the Left Hand of God—as well as the one who originally murdered him. He offers to restore Van Helsing\'s memories, but Van Helsing refuses, deciding that "some things are better left forgotten". Van Helsing tells Dracula that his children will die if he is killed. Dracula challenges him to "go ahead," whereupon Van Helsing becomes a werewolf and enters a final battle with Dracula . Anna and Carl retrieve the cure but are attacked by Aleera and Igor. Igor falls to his death off a bridge, and Aleera gets impaled by Anna with a silver stake. They make their way to the laboratory just as Van Helsing bites into Dracula\'s throat, killing him and his offspring. Anna injects Van Helsing with the cure, only to be killed by him at the same time, much to his grief. Van Helsing and Carl hold a quiet ceremony for Anna and cremate her as the Monster departs on a raft into the ocean, having been allowed a chance at life. As Anna\'s body burns, Van Helsing sees her and her family in Heaven at peace, thanks to Dracula\'s death.'] ["In October 1899, six months after returning from the Land of Oz, Dorothy Gale has become a melancholic child who cannot sleep, as she is obsessed with her memories of Oz. This concerns Aunt Em and Uncle Henry, who don't believe her, and are worried she cannot help them on the farm, which is at risk of foreclosure after the tornado. The two decide to take her to see Doctor Worley, known for his revolutionary electric healing treatments. Before going, Dorothy, while looking hopefully for any eggs laid by her favorite chicken Billina , finds a key with the OZ glyph, which she believes her friends from Oz sent to her the previous night by shooting star. Aunt Em leaves Dorothy at Dr. Worley's laboratory under the strict care of Nurse Wilson. As she is taken to have treatment during the onset of a huge thunderstorm, the lab has a blackout, and Dorothy is saved by a mysterious blonde girl who reveals that some patients have been driven insane by Worley's treatment and are hidden in the basement. The two escape the building with Nurse Wilson in pursuit, and then fall into a river. The blonde girl vanishes underwater, but Dorothy survives by clambering on board a chicken coop. Upon awakening, Dorothy finds herself back in Oz with Billina, who can now talk, for company. The two discover the ruined Yellow Brick Road, which leads them to the Emerald City, now in ruins, missing its emeralds, and all of its citizens including the Tin Woodman and Cowardly Lion turned to stone. Pursued by Wheelers , Dorothy and Billina hide in a secret room using the key, and meet a clockwork mechanical man named Tik-Tok. Taking charge, Tik-Tok explains that King Scarecrow is missing and has been captured by the Nome King. When the three go to visit a head-exchanging witch named Mombi  for more information, they end up imprisoned. While imprisoned, Dorothy, Billina, and Tik-Tok meet Jack Pumpkinhead, a man made of tree limbs with a pumpkin for a head. Jack refers to Dorothy as his mother since she resembles his own creator and reveals he was brought to life via Mombi's Powder of Life. They formulate a plan to escape to the Nome King's mountain. Dorothy steals the Powder of Life and uses it to vivify The Gump, the head of a moose-like animal whose body is made from a sofa, palm fronds, and rope gathered from their surroundings. They escape and fly across the Deadly Desert with Mombi and the Wheelers pursuing underground. The Gump's body falls apart while airborne and the group lands on the Nome King's mountain. The Nome King brings Dorothy into his domain and argues that the Scarecrow stole the emeralds from his kingdom to build the Emerald City. Dorothy and Scarecrow reunite briefly, but the Nome King turns him into an ornament and hides him among his large collection. The Nome King offers Dorothy's group a chance to locate the Scarecrow, but three guesses wrong and they will be turned to ornaments as well. All meet this fate and with each one changed, the Nome King becomes increasingly human . When it is Tik-Tok's turn, he pretends that his gears have run down, and Dorothy is allowed in to wind him. Before she enters the ornament room, The Nome King reveals to her that he conquered the Emerald City courtesy of her discarded Ruby Slippers. He offers to use them to send her back home on the condition that she will lose all her memories of OZ, but she refuses and goes to find her friends. Tik-Tok lets Dorothy in on his plan—if he guesses incorrectly, she can see what ornament he will be transformed into, giving her a clue as to which one the Scarecrow is hidden as. But as he makes his last guess, there is a bright flash and Dorothy cannot find him. On her last guess, Dorothy manages to locate the Scarecrow, who was changed into a green ornament. With the Scarecrow back to normal, he and Dorothy begin restoring the others who are all green ornaments. Upon learning this, the enraged Nome King traps Mombi in a cage for her failure and then confronts Dorothy and company in a gigantic, monstrous form. Intent on killing each one of them, he has his minions block off any possible escape route. He then tries to eat them, but Billina  lays an egg in fright and it falls into the Nome King's mouth. The Nome King drops Jack and he, his minions, and his kingdom begin crumbling to pieces as eggs are poisonous to Nomes. As the palace crumbles and they seem to have no means of escaping, Dorothy finds the Ruby Slippers and wishes for the Emerald City to return to normal and for her and her friends to escape, which they do. At the Emerald City, during a victory celebration, Dorothy spots the girl who had helped her escape the hospital in Kansas named Princess Ozma, Jack's long-lost creator and the rightful ruler of Oz who had been enchanted into a mirror by Mombi. Taking her place on the throne, Dorothy hands over the Ruby Slippers. After Mombi is imprisoned, Ozma then invites Dorothy to visit Oz any time she likes before sending her home, promising that she will check in with Dorothy from time-to-time to make sure that she is all right. Ozma also promises that if Dorothy ever wishes to return to Oz, she will make it so. Dorothy says goodbye to her friends and disappears in a flash of bright, white light. Back in Kansas, Dorothy is located on a riverbank by her family. Aunt Em reveals that Worley's hospital was struck by lightning and burned down. Dr. Worley was killed in the fire after he had gone back in to rescue his machines. Nurse Wilson is carried away in a prison cart eerily similar to the one Mombi was trapped in. Upon returning to the farmhouse, Dorothy sees Billina and Ozma peering at her through her bedroom mirror. When Dorothy entreats Aunt Em to come to her room to see Ozma, Ozma silently instructs her to keep her and Oz a secret. Dorothy and Toto then run outside and play."] ['Lemony Snicket  hides in a clocktower while writing his documentation about the three wealthy Baudelaire children: Violet , Klaus , and Sunny . One morning when they leave the mansion to play at the fun beach, Mr. Poe, the family banker , informs the children that their parents have just perished in a fire that also destroyed their mansion. Mr. Poe then sends the children to live with Count Olaf , an actor who is their closest relative. After arriving at a nice house, Justice Strauss, Olaf\'s neighbor, informs them that Olaf is across the road, in a squalid, hideous house. The kids learn that Olaf has only accepted their guardianship under the belief that he will get their big fortune but when he learns the opposite he stops all friendliness to the children after promising to take care of them well; he treats the children awfully, giving them a long list of chores to do everyday and provides them one bed and no possessions except rocks and he sends them to bed when it is far from nighttime; one night when he orders the kids to make dinner they make pasta but Olaf is outraged when he finds that they have not made roast beef, slaps Klaus and when they threaten to call the authorities he puts them in solitary confinement in their room. On the day Olaf is granted full custody of the children he pretends to be apologetic but however, he brings them out for a drive, and makes a stop at the Last Chance General Store to pick up some sodas. The orphans realize that Count Olaf has parked the car on a grade crossing and intends to have them killed by a passing train. Through an improvised device by Violet, they are able to pull the switch protecting a track merge a few feet short of the crossing in the nick of time, diverting the train to the other track. Mr. Poe sees Sunny sitting in the front seat and takes the Baudelaires from Olaf, arguing that no responsible parent would let a child Sunny\'s age unattended on a car\'s front seat, although he doesn\'t believe Klaus when he tells him that Olaf tried to kill them. Olaf, pretending to have an emotional goodbye with the Baudelaires, promises that he will find them again and get their fortune one way or another. Mr. Poe sends the Baudelaires to live with their uncle, Dr. Montgomery Montgomery , a cheerfully eccentric herpetologist. The Baudelaires live happily with Uncle Monty, who plans a trip with them to Peru, and they spend their time preparing for the journey in Montgomery\'s Reptile Room. Uncle Monty also tells them that he has recently discovered a new snake and called it the Incredibly Deadly Viper and intends to present the snake to the scientific community. The viper almost escapes and tries to bite Sunny, but Monty tells the children that the snake\'s name is a misnomer, intended as a prank to his fellow herpetologists for making fun of his name, and it is perfectly harmless. Their stay with him is cut short when Olaf appears in disguise as an Italian man named Stephano, who Uncle Monty hired to replace his assistant, Gustav . The Baudelaires recognize their ex-guardian, and tried to warn their uncle many times, but they are either impeded by Olaf, or misinterpreted by Montgomery, until the earlier murders Monty and frames the Incredibly Deadly Viper for the killing. Mr. Poe arrives at the scene, but, as usual, doesn\'t believe the children when they try to explain Stefano\'s identity. As the disguised Olaf prepares to spirit the children away, Sunny reveals the snake\'s true gentle nature, and Olaf\'s plot is exposed. Olaf abandons his disguise and escapes. The orphans are then sent to live by Lake Lachrymose, where their Aunt Josephine  resides in a house perched precariously on the edge of a cliff overlooking the waters of the vast Lake Lachrymose . The lake is infested with leeches that will devour a human if they enter the water after eating without waiting an hour. Josephine presents an odd obsession with grammar, and has numerous irrational fears such as: the refrigerator falling down and crushing someone, the doorknobs shattering into pieces, and the stove catching on fire. It is revealed that she greatly fears the lake itself , yet her fear of realtors prevents her from moving; she now can only look at the lake through an enormous window located at her library. However, Olaf arrives once again, disguised as a sailor named Captain Sham, and tries to seduce Aunt Josephine . The Baudelaire children attempt to persuade their aunt that Sham is Count Olaf, but she doesn\'t believe them, mainly because Captain Sham doesn\'t have a tattoo of an eye on his ankle, which is Olaf\'s distinguishing feature. One afternoon, the children come home to find the library\'s Wide Window shattered and a suicide note from Aunt Josephine, saying that she is putting them under the care of Captain Sham. Klaus quickly realizes that it is a code because Josephine was particular about her and the children\'s grammar, but many mistakes were made. The orphans discover that the code spells "Curdled Cave", referring to a cavern located at the other end of the lake. A hurricane starts to tear the house apart and the children discover a room of photographs and documents which apparently contain clues to the cause of the fire that killed their parents, but the orphans are forced to escape, and the room with all the documents, falls to the Lachrymose Lake with the rest of the house. Traveling via boat, they find Aunt Josephine hiding, and she tells the Baudelaires that Olaf forced her to write the note, but added the mistakes to reveal her location to the children. After convincing her to come back with them, despite her fear of Olaf, Josephine reveals that the children\'s parents were the leaders of a secret organization that investigated fires, and all of their previous caretakers had been members of this mysterious organization. Before aunt Josephine can explain further, they encounter the Lachrymose leeches. Count Olaf arrives and rescues the children, but leaves Josephine to be eaten alive by the leeches. Mr. Poe arrives, and gives custody back to Count Olaf, seeing how he rescued the children. During the conversation, Poe reveals to Olaf that the Count wouldn\'t inherit the children\'s fortune even if they died, with the exception of blood relatives, or married couples. After thinking for a moment, he invites Mr. Poe to his latest play. The play is titled The Marvelous Marriage and stars himself and Violet as the leads. In the play, his character is supposed to marry Violet\'s character. Mr. Poe, his wife, and various people arrive for the opening night. Klaus quickly realizes that the wedding in the play is real, and it will allow him to gain access to her inheritance. This move is accomplished by Olaf\'s casting of Justice Strauss, as the supposed judge in the play; with her in this role, the marriage is technically legal. To ensure Violet\'s cooperation, Olaf holds Sunny hostage in a birdcage high above his tower. Klaus manages to escape the play, and goes to save Sunny using a grappling hook and climbs the tower. He arrives and, as he tries to free Sunny, one of the Count\'s associates, a man with hooks for hands, tries to kill him, but falls out the window. Sunny points out a gigantic eye to Klaus, and as he approaches it, he notices it matches an illustration found at their Aunt Josephine\'s secret room. Meanwhile, Violet tries to sign the wedding certificate using her left hand, which would have nullified the marriage, however, Olaf notices and prevents it. Immediately after Violet signs the document, he declares that the play has ended, and reveals his scheme to Mr. Poe, and the rest of the audience, saying that there is nothing they can do to stop him, now that he is legally married to Violet, and taunts them for not believing the Baudelaires when they tried to tell them of his evil plans. Klaus discovers that the eye is actually a complex light-focusing apparatus that Olaf apparently used to set fire to the Baudelaire mansion, and uses it to burn Olaf and Violet\'s marriage certificate from the tower. Olaf is arrested, and the narration of Lemony Snicket explains that the count is then sentenced to endure every unfortunate event he put the children in before being sent to jail. However, Lemony Snicket admits, this is not true, as the Count vanished after a jury of his associates declared him innocent. Mr. Poe drives the children to a new home, but makes a stop to let the orphans say goodbye to their old home. At the ruins of the Baudelaire Mansion, the three orphans receive a letter their parents sent to them during a journey to Europe, but had gotten lost in the mail. The envelope also contained a spyglass, similar to the ones Klaus noticed Aunt Josephine, and Uncle Monty possessed. The film ends with Mr. Poe\'s car driving away to the distance through a road flanked by trees, and the narrator  hiding his report on the Baudelaires on the clock tower.'] ['The film centers around Union soldiers escaping in a gas balloon from a Confederate prison camp during the American Civil War. They end up crashing in the ocean, only to find themselves washed up on an unknown island, where gigantic animals abound. They make shelter in the cave home of a marooned sailor who had hanged himself years earlier. It would later be revealed that the animals were the result of experiments by the presumed-dead Captain Nemo to end war by solving the problem of world hunger. He has been an unknown benefactor to the castaways as they struggled to survive on the island. The island\'s volcano threatens to erupt. After a skirmish with pirates the stranded group manages to escape from the island on the pirates\' ship as the volcano destroys the island. The highlights of the film were Ray Harryhausen\'s animation sequences. The different animated "monsters" that the castaways encountered included a monstrous crab, a giant flightless bird , giant bees and a giant cephalopod resembling a prehistoric ammonite.'] ['{{Plot}} The film is set in a world where a person\'s soul resides outside their body in an animal-like form called a Dæmon. A dictatorial organization called the Magisterium exercises power in the secular world. Lyra Belacqua, an orphan of Jordan College along with her dæmon Pantalaimon , spins tales of the Gobblers, whom she and her friends believe are snatching children. Forced to hide in a closet, Lyra learns that her uncle Lord Asriel is about to present a proposal to the master and scholars of Jordan College. She listens when the Master and Scholars come in to view a slide of Asriel\'s. Asriel presents evidence that particles called "Dust" exist. Over the objections of the Magisterium, the college funds Asriel\'s expedition to the far north to investigate the Dust. He believes it originates in a parallel universe and enters a person\'s body via their dæmon. The Magisterium has secretly been experimenting on children to discover a way to inoculate them against its influences. At dinner Lyra meets Mrs. Coulter, who insists on taking Lyra north as her assistant. Before Lyra leaves, the master of the college entrusts her with the only remaining alethiometer . This device, he tells her, reveals the truth. The Magisterium has destroyed all the others; he warns her to tell no one she has it. Lyra accepts the gift, promising to keep it hidden. At Mrs. Coulter\'s house, Lyra mentions \'space dust\'. Mrs. Coulter warns her never to mention it again. Lyra refuses to remove her shoulder bag because it holds the alethiometer. Mrs. Coulter\'s dæmon attacks Pan, causing Lyra to give in. After hiding the alethiometer under her pillow, Lyra and Pan search Mrs. Coulter\'s secret room, where they discover that Mrs. Coulter is head of the General Oblation Board, the "Gobblers", who have been kidnapping local children. She also discovers that her best friend Roger and her Gyptian friend Billy have been taken by the Gobblers. Hearing Mrs. Coulter call out for her, Lyra and Pan meet her in a hallway. Running to her bedroom, they see Mrs. Coulter\'s dæmon holding the alethiometer. Changing into a hawk, Pan swoops down, grabs the alethiometer, and flies out of an open window. Lyra escapes behind him, slamming the window on Mrs. Coulter\'s dæmon. The "Gobblers" pursue her, but she is saved by some Gyptians. Aboard a Gyptian boat heading north to rescue their children, Lyra shows the alethiometer to a Gyptian wise man, Farder Coram, who advises her in its use. On deck that night Serafina Pekkala, the witch queen, tells Lyra that the missing children are in a place called Bolvangar&nbsp;— a place shunned by all living things. Mrs. Coulter sends two mechanical spy flies after Lyra and Pan; one is batted away but the other is caught and sealed in a tin can by Farder Coram, who explains that the spy fly has a sting with a sleeping poison. At a Norwegian port, Lyra is befriended by a cowboy aeronaut named Lee Scoresby, who advises her to hire an armoured bear. Exiled in shame, the giant polar bear Iorek Byrnison has been tricked out of his armour by the local townspeople, for whom he now performs menial jobs for buckets of whisky. Using the alethiometer Lyra tells Iorek where to find his armour. Armoured again, the fearsome Iorek and his friend Lee Scoresby join the trek northward. That night while riding on Iorek\'s back, Lyra finds a cowering Billy separated from his dæmon. Lyra reunites Billy with his mother just as the group is attacked by Samoyeds who capture Lyra. Taken to the armoured bear king Ragnar, Lyra tricks him into fighting Iorek one on one. After killing Ragnar, King Iorek carries Lyra near Bolvangar, to a thin ice bridge. Reaching the station, Lyra is taken to eat with the missing children. While hiding again Lyra discovers that the Magisterium scientists, under the guidance of Mrs. Coulter, are performing experiments to sever the bond between a child and their dæmon in a process known as intercision. Caught spying, Lyra and Pan are thrown in the intercision chamber, causing them to scream in agony and eventually faint. Mrs. Coulter rescues Lyra and takes her and Pan to her quarters. When Lyra wakes up she is comforted by Mrs. Coulter, who tells Lyra that she is her mother. Lyra then guesses that Lord Asriel is her father. When Mrs. Coulter asks for the alethiometer, Lyra gives her the can containing the spy fly. The spy fly stings Mrs. Coulter, knocking her and her daemon out. Lyra runs to the room with the intercision machine and toggles the switches and dials wide open. The growing chain reaction builds as Lyra yanks a control box loose and hurls it into the intercision machine, causing it to explode. This sets off a series of explosions that tear the facility apart. As alarms whoop, Mrs. Coulter is found and carried outside. Outside, the children are attacked by Tartar mercenaries and their wolf dæmons. The battle is joined by Iorek, the Gyptians, and a band of flying witches led by Serafina Pekkala. The Tartars are defeated and the children are rescued. Rather than returning south, Lyra, Roger and Iorek fly north with Lee Scoresby in search of Lord Asriel. Unaware that he is in mortal danger, Lord Asriel has set up a laboratory to investigate the glowing Dust from another world, but Lyra is certain that, once she delivers the alethiometer to her father, the two of them will be able to make things right.'] ['The story is set in the year 2707.http://scifiwire.com/2009/01/watch-the-r-rated-trailer-for-mutant-chronicles-if-you-dare.php The world is loosely based on that of the Mutant Chronicles role-playing game, where many technologies are steam powered and mankind has exhausted Earth’s natural resources. The protagonists must battle against mutated humans that were accidentally unleashed.{{cite web}}{{cite web}} The plot revolves around a "machine" which came from space 10,000 years ago. The "machine" mutates people into nothing more than killing drones that drag new victims to the machine for conversion. Sealed away eons ago, the machine is accidentally uncovered during a large battle somewhere in Europe. Within six weeks the world is almost completely conquered by the mutant gangs. Most of the population has been evacuated to Mars. A group of soldiers are assembled to take another ancient device, presumed to be a bomb, to the heart of the machine in an attempt to destroy it. The group battles the mutants hoping to save the last of humanity.'] ["Teenagers Sherlock Holmes ([[Nicholas Rowe  and John Watson ([[Alan Cox  meet and become good friends as students at London's prestigious Brompton Academy. Watson is introduced to Holmes’ mentor, Rupert T. Waxflatter ([[Nigel Stock , a retired schoolmaster and inventor. Waxflatter's niece Elizabeth  is also Holmes’ close friend and love interest and Holmes competes for her affections with fellow student Dudley , though she shows a marked preference for Holmes. Meanwhile, a hooded figure uses a blowpipe to shoot Bentley Bobster and Reverend Duncan Nesbitt with hallucinogenic thorns, the effects of which lead to their deaths; Bobster leaps out a window; Nesbitt is trampled by a horse carriage. Holmes suspects foul play but is rebuffed by Scotland Yard policeman Lestrade  when he suggests a connection between the deaths. Holmes is unjustly expelled from the Academy due to Dudley’s machinations. Before he leaves, Holmes has one last match with his fencing instructor Professor Rathe ([[Anthony Higgins  but loses after becoming distracted by a light reflected from Rathe’s ring. The mysterious hooded figure strikes again, shooting Waxflatter with a hallucinogenic thorn, causing him to stab himself as he fends off imagined gargoyles. As he dies, Waxflatter's last words to Holmes are “Eh-tar.” Holmes secretly meets with Watson and Elizabeth and begins his investigation of the murders. Piecing together the clues – a jingling-bell sound made by the killer, a piece of cloth, and the blowpipe dropped at Waxflatter's murder scene – the trio uncover the existence of Rame Tep, an ancient Egyptian cult of Osiris worshippers. The cult’s main weapons were blowpipes, used to shoot thorns dipped into a solution which cause the victim to experience realistic, nightmare-like hallucinations. Their investigation then leads to a warehouse of Froggit and Froggit, a Wapping-area manufacturer, where they discover a modern-day revival of the Rame Tep cult conducting their service inside a wooden-pyramid-reconstruction hidden in the warehouse. When Holmes interrupts the ceremonial sacrifice of a young girl, the three are attacked and shot with thorns by the worshippers. It is only through Holmes’ endurance and the intervention of a graveyard caretaker that they're able to survive the hallucinations and their pursuers. The following evening, at Waxflatter’s loft, Holmes and Watson discover a picture of the three victims and a fourth man, Chester Cragwitch . Unfortunately, Rathe and school nurse Mrs. Dribb  catch and separate them, preparing to expel Watson and Elizabeth in the morning. The three escape their sleeping quarters and Elizabeth returns to the loft to salvage her uncle’s work. Holmes and Watson locate Mr. Cragwitch who explains that in his youth, he and the other men discovered an underground pyramid of Rame Tep while planning to build a hotel in Egypt. Their find led to an angry uprising by the local populace which was violently put down by the British Army; one boy, Eh-Tar, who along with his sister lost their parents in the uprising, swore revenge. Craigwitch is then poisoned by the hooded figure's thorn and suddenly attacks Holmes but is subdued by Mr. Lestrade, who came after reconsidering the evidence presented by Holmes. As they return to campus, Holmes realizes that Rathe is Eh-Tar, but he and Watson arrive too late to stop Rathe and Mrs. Dribb, who is revealed as Eh-Tar's sister and the hooded figure, from abducting Elizabeth. Using Waxflatter’s self-propelled, heavier-than-air flying machine, they travel to the warehouse just in time to prevent Rathe from sacrificing Elizabeth, setting the cult's pyramid temple afire. As Rathe escapes with Elizabeth, Mrs Dribb is killed in a fight with Holmes. Watson successfully thwarts Rathe’s escape by sabotaging his carriage. Rathe then tries to shoot Holmes, but Elizabeth intervenes and takes the shot instead. Enraged, Holmes duels Rathe and manages to get the better of him when Rathe falls through the frozen River Thames. Holmes returns to Elizabeth’s side and caresses her as she dies. Afterwards, as he exchanges goodbyes with Watson, Holmes explains how he figured out the identity of Rathe and Dribb, with Watson pointing out that Rathe is Eh-Tar spelled backwards – a clue that Holmes had failed to notice. As Holmes leaves by horse carriage, Watson expresses per voice-over  that he would long for yet more adventures at Holmes' side. Some time later, Rathe is revealed to be alive; he checks himself into an inn as “Moriarty”, making him Holmes' arch-nemesis."] ['A magician shows a girl a magic trick, causing a bird to vanish and then reappear in his hand. Magician Alfred Borden  is sentenced for the murder of rival Robert Angier . Both were assistants for "Milton the Magician"  with ingénieur John Cutter . Angier\'s wife Julia  drowned performing a water cell act and Angier blames Borden, who professes not to remember if he had tied her with an inappropriate knot. The two become bitter competitors, disrupting each other\'s acts. Borden becomes "The Professor" with the enigmatic Bernard Fallon as his ingénieur while Angier becomes "The Great Danton" with the lovely Olivia Wenscombe  and Cutter assisting. The magic trick from the beginning of the movie is explained: the original bird is crushed and replaced with a double. Angier is incensed when Borden meets and marries Sarah  and they have a daughter, Jess . Angier sabotages Borden\'s bullet catch, costing Borden two fingers. Borden then ruins Angier\'s victimless bird cage act, maiming an audience member, killing the dove, and damaging Angier\'s reputation. Borden soon surprises with "The Transported Man", where he enters one cabinet and exits another. Angier and Cutter argue over its possibility, with Cutter insisting it is a double and Angier refusing to accept the possibility. Unable to understand Borden\'s trick, Angier hires a look-alike  actor Root  to allow him to steal Borden\'s general idea. "The New Transported Man" is a success, but Angier resents hiding under the stage as Root gets the applause. He sends Olivia to discover Borden’s secret but she resents the obsession and falls in love with Borden instead; she leaves Borden\'s encrypted diary of tricks to Angier as a parting gift. Borden already understood Angier\'s trick, but Olivia allows him to influence Root to ask for more pay; Borden then completely ruins the act by removing a pad below the stage\'s trap door, crippling Angier, and displaying a tied-up Root before the audience, turning the routine into an advertisement for his own show. Angier and Cutter capture and bury Fallon alive to be released for the key to Borden\'s trick and the keyword to the diary\'s cipher. Borden professes that both are "Tesla" and Angier pursues Nikola Tesla  to Colorado Springs alone after Cutter abandons him to his obsession. Angier pays Tesla to make a copy of a teleportation machine that he believed Borden used, providing the inventor with much-needed financing after Edison\'s smear campaign proves successful in drying up other sources. Angier finishes deciphering Borden\'s diary to discover it was a fraud supplied by Olivia, but an angry confrontation with Tesla reveals that his machine actually works, but creates duplicates. Thomas Edison\'s henchmen arrive to torch the lab and Tesla leaves, although not before completing Angier\'s machine and warning him to destroy it. Meanwhile, Borden\'s preoccupation with magic and affair with Olivia alienate Sarah, who hangs herself. Borden\'s cold response then leaves Olivia disaffected. Angier returns to London, electrifying audiences with "The Real Transported Man", vanishing within the machine and reappearing in the back of the hall. In reality, the machine creates a duplicate; it is left unclear whether the original Angier is teleported or remains in the machine, but the one left in the machine falls through a trap door and plunges into a water cell, drowning. The tanks are disposed of by blind stage hands every night. Borden witnesses Angier drown while snooping backstage and tries to save him but is caught and convicted of murder, the opening of the film. In prison, Borden is visited by the agent of a Lord Caldlow, who offers to care for Jess in exchange for Borden\'s secrets. Borden is given Angier\'s diary and finds his conviction has been orchestrated, then discovers that Lord Caldlow is the yet-living Angier when the lord arrives to collect the secrets. Borden attempts to give them but Caldlow rips them to pieces without reading them, before leaving with Jess. Borden is hanged, after commanding Fallon to live for them both. Cutter learns that Caldlow has bought all of Angier\'s tricks, including the machine, and visits Caldlow\'s estate to plead for its destruction. He recognises Angier, who admits he has always been Lord Caldlow but pretended to be the American Robert Angier to spare his family the embarrassment of his theatrical career. Cutter realises Borden\'s death was planned but, unable to have Caldlow come forward, accompanies him to store Tesla\'s machine beneath his theatre among the tanks previously used for the duplicates. On his way out, Cutter recognises and nods to Fallon as Fallon enters and shoots Caldlow. Fallon\'s disguise removed, he tells the dying Caldlow that he and Borden were identical twins who shared their lives on stage and off. He removed the ends of his own fingers to duplicate Borden\'s injury and the two shared lovers to maintain the illusion of being a single man. Fallon reveals they each loved one woman — Borden loved their late wife Sarah and survived, while Fallon loved their mistress Olivia and died. Caldlow reveals his machine\'s own trick, repeatedly recreating Julia\'s suffering in order to bask in the admiration of the crowd. Borden leaves him to die as a fire consumes the building. The first scene of the film replays, with the magician  vanishing  the bird for the delight of the little girl . This time, the scene continues and Fallon/Borden appears to reclaim his daughter."The Prestige". DailyScript.com. Retrieved August 27, 2012.'] [' Sophie, a hatter, is a responsible eighteen-year-old girl who encounters a mysterious wizard named Howl while on her way to visit her younger sister. The Witch of the Waste, who pursues Howl, comes to the hat shop and curses Sophie by transforming her into an old woman. Seeking a cure for the curse, Sophie travels into the Wastes and finds a living scarecrow, who takes her to Howl\'s castle. Here, Sophie meets the fire demon Calcifer, the source of the castle\'s energy and power. Calcifer offers to break the curse in exchange for Sophie\'s help in breaking the spell he\'s under, which keeps Calcifer bound to the house. When Howl appears, Sophie announces that she is the castle\'s new cleaning lady, hired by Calcifer because he was sick of how dirty the castle was. Currently, Sophie\'s country is caught up in the beginning of a war with its neighbor following the mysterious disappearance of the other realm\'s Crown Prince. Howl receives summons from the King, who orders his various assumed identities to fight in the war. However, Howl comes up with an idea to send Sophie, under the guise of being his mother, to the king to profess the cowardice of one of Howl\'s two aliases. At the palace, Sophie runs into an asthmatic dog, Heen, who she thinks is Howl undercover. She also meets the Witch of the Waste, who Suliman, the king\'s magic advisor, punishes by draining all of her power, causing her to regress into a harmless old woman. Suliman tells Sophie that Howl will meet the same fate if he does not contribute to the war. As Sophie vehemently protests these measures, the Witch\'s spell temporarily weakens due to the love in her words. Suliman realizes Sophie\'s true relation to Howl and her strong romantic feelings towards him. Howl then arrives to rescue Sophie, Suliman tries to entrap Howl, but with Sophie\'s help, they manage to escape. Sophie learns that Howl transforms into a bird-like creature to interfere in the war, but each transformation makes it more difficult for him to return to human form. Sophie fears that Howl is preparing to leave them, as his remaining time as a human is limited, he returns to interfering in the war. Sophie\'s mother shows up and is actually under Suliman\'s control and leaves behind a bag containing a "peeping bug" under her orders. The former Witch of the Waste discovers it and promptly destroys the bug by tossing it into Calcifer. Unfortunately, Calcifer gets sick after eating the bug, rendering him unable to protect the castle from being discovered. A few hours later, the city is carpet-bombed by enemy aircraft while Suliman\'s henchmen invade the flower shop Howl made for Sophie. After protecting the flower shop from the bombing, Howl draws the guards away just after healing Calcifer. He tells Sophie he is not going to run away anymore because he has something he wants to protect before leaving to interfere with the war. Deducing that Howl must be saved, Sophie moves everyone out of the castle and removes Calcifer from the fireplace, destroying the castle. She offers Calcifer a piece of her hair to strengthen him enough to power and energize a portion of the castle. They head toward Howl when the former Witch of the Waste discovers Howl\'s heart within Calcifer. Sophie pours water on Calcifer to make her let go of the heart, making Calcifer lose all of his strength and power. The segment of the castle is split, and she and Heen fall down a chasm. Making her way toward Howl\'s heart, Sophie enters through the door into the black region and discovers a recollection of how Howl and Calcifer meet: Howl eats Calcifer, who then gains his heart. Sophie finds Howl, having now lost his human consciousness in bird form. They head back to the group, and Sophie asks the Witch for Howl\'s heart. She gives it to her and places the heart back inside Howl, returning him to life, and freeing Calcifer. She kisses the scarecrow on the cheek as thanks, who reveals that he is actually the missing prince. Heen shows the scene of their happy end to Suliman, and the war is finally over. Howl, Sophie, and the others are seen high above the bomber planes returning home from the end of the war.'] ['In 1899, men dressed as German soldiers attack the Bank of England and steal Leonardo da Vinci’s layouts of Venice’s foundations. Shortly after, led by their leader the “Fantom”, the men dressed as British officers kidnap German scientists and destroy a factory, causing tension between England and Germany which could lead to war, with both attacks marked by highly advanced weaponry  such as tanks and machine guns. Sanderson Reed of the British Empire ventures to Kenya, visiting a gentlemen’s club to recruit world-renowned hunter and adventurer Allan Quartermain. Quartermain has no interest in helping, having retired and mourns the loss of his son after his last adventure. Assassins arrive to kill Quartermain but he defeats them, only for a bomb to destroy the club, forcing Quartermain to agree to work with Reed. In London, Quartermain meets “M”, Reed’s employer, who explains the Fantom plans to destroy Venice to prevent a meeting between the leaders of the world, his ultimate goal being to start a world war and arms race to profit from sale of his weapons. To combat the Fantom, a team of unique individuals known as the League of Extraordinary Gentlemen is being formed – consisting of Quartermain himself, Captain Nemo, chemist Mina Harker, and invisible thief Rodney Skinner. M sends the group to recruit their fifth member, immortal Dorian Gray, who remains youthful while a currently missing portrait of himself ages. Dorian once was infatuated with Mina, but refuses to join the team. The Fantom and his assassins attack, but thanks to the presence of U.S. Secret Service Agent Tom Sawyer, who snuck in, the assassins are defeated although the Fantom escapes. Mina is revealed to be a vampire when a surviving assassin tries to take her hostage. Dorian and Sawyer join the team and set off to recruit their final member, Mr. Hyde, in Captain Nemo’s ship, the Nautilus. After capturing Hyde in Paris, Quartermain negotiates with him into joining the team by offering amnesty for his past crimes. Hyde agrees, turning into his harmless self, Dr. Jekyll. On the way to Venice, Quartermain bonds with Sawyer and teaches him to be a better marksman. It eventually becomes clear there is a traitor onboard when a camera’s flash powder is found in the ship’s wheelhouse and one of Dr. Jekyll’s transformation formulas goes missing. Skinner is quickly accused of being the saboteur, but he disappears. Arriving in Venice, the league are shocked when bombs planted beneath the city begin to destroy building in a domino effect but Nemo concludes they can stop the chain reaction by destroying a building out of sequence using one of the Nautilus’ missiles. Quartermain, Sawyer, Mina and Dorian take Nemo’s automobile to outrun the chain reaction with Dorian and Mina leaping out to fight the Fantom’s men. Quartermain spots the Fantom and confronts him, revealing him to be none other than M. Sawyer manages to signal for the missile to be launched and Venice is saved. Dorian returns to the ship and kills Nemo’s first mate Ishmael, revealing he is the traitor. The league learns of M and Dorian’s treachery, who escape in an exploration pod. A phonograph record made by M is found, M explaining his true goal was to gather physical elements of the team  to make superhuman formulas to sell to the highest paying countries, with Dorian revealing bombs are hidden on the ship. The bombs detonate, damaging the ship, but Hyde drains the flooding water from the Nautilus’ engine rooms. Skinner, who stowed away on Dorian’s pod, messages the group to follow his lead. The Nautilus travels to the Arctic where the league reunites with Skinner. Skinner reveals M runs a factory where the kidnapped scientists are forced to make the superhuman formulas and weaponized versions of the Nautilus are being constructed. The league break into the factory and split up to stop M – Nemo and Hyde free the scientists and their families, Skinner sets bombs to destroy the factory, Mina goes to kill Dorian, and Quartermain and Sawyer go after M, who is revealed to be Professor James Moriarty, who was believed to have died in his battle with Sherlock Holmes. Mina confronts Dorian and kills him by exposing his portrait to him. Quartermain fights Moriarty who points out Sawyer has been taken captive by an invisible Reed. Quartermain shoots Reed, but is then stabbed by Moriarty who escapes out of a window with the collection of formulas. Sawyer manages to use Quartermain’s teachings to shoot Moriarty dead from afar, the formulas sinking into the icy waters below. Quartermain dies but tells Sawyer to enjoy the new century. Quartermain is buried in Kenya beside his son, but the other league members recall how he said that a witch doctor would never let him die as long as he was in Africa. After Sawyer, Mina, Nemo, Skinner and Dr. Jekyll depart, the witch doctor appears and uses a ritual to summon a bolt of lightning which strikes Quartermain’s grave, implying the hunter is to be resurrected as promised.'] [' In the film\'s backstory, human civilizations built flying cities, later destroyed by an unspecified catastrophe, forcing the survivors to live on the ground while the sole exception Laputa remains in the sky, concealed by a thunderstorm. In the story\'s opening, an airship carrying a girl named Sheeta and her abductor Muska is attacked by the air-pirate Dola and her sons, in search of Sheeta\'s crystal amulet; and in the resulting struggle, Sheeta falls from the airship, only to be slowed by the amulet in mid-fall. On the ground, she is received by a youth named Pazu, whose father had earlier been in search of Laputa. In the next day they are pursued by Dola\'s pirates, and later by Muska\'s soldiers; eventually to fall into a nearly-exhausted mine. There, they encounter the local eccentric \'Uncle Pomme\', who informs them that Sheeta\'s amulet is one of the \'volucite\' crystals  formerly used to keep Laputa aloft. {{cite web}}  Upon leaving the mines, Sheeta says that her real name is Lusheeta Toel Ul Laputa; whereupon they are captured by Muska. Later, Muska shows Sheeta a dormant Laputan robot and reveals his knowledge of her secret name, which he interprets as that of a Laputan royal line, and threatens Pazu, whom she therefore orders home. Disappointed in her, Pazu returns to his own house, where he is seized by Dola\'s sons. Sheeta, retained by Muska, recites an apotropaic verse and unexpectedly activates the robot, who begins to destroy Muska\'s fortress to find her, while Pazu and Dola\'s pirates embark in winged \'flaptors\' to rescue her themselves. Meanwhile the robot seizes Sheeta; but when struck by Muska\'s artillery, retaliates against the fortress, until Sheeta orders it to desist, losing her amulet in the meantime. The robot is then overcome by the airship Goliath; and Pazu rescues Sheeta, while Muska retrieves the amulet. The pirates, accompanied by Pazu and Sheeta, return to their airship Tiger Moth, where Dola assigns Sheeta to the galley and Pazu to assist her engineer, and in which they pursue the direction identified by Sheeta\'s amulet as that of Laputa, while Muska follows the same in the Goliath. Both airships arrive at Laputa on the following day, where the two children, separated from Dola\'s pirates, discover a city devoid of human life, but possessed of a parklike woodland maintained by a robot resembling that of the fortress, while Muska\'s soldiers plunder the city\'s treasures, holding Dola\'s pirates captive. Upon gaining entrance to the city\'s central sphere, Muska captures Sheeta; whereupon Pazu frees Dola\'s pirates and pursues Muska. In the center of Laputa, containing the immense \'volucite\' crystal keeping the city aloft, Muska identifies himself as one of the "Romuska Palo Ul Laputa", another royal line, and uses Laputan technology to destroy the soldiers accompanying him; whereupon Sheeta seizes her crystal amulet and flees, prompting him to pursuit. Encountering Pazu through a gap in an internal wall, Sheeta gives him her amulet, and is herself later cornered by Muska in Laputa\'s abandoned throne room. There, Muska is defeated when the protagonists cite Sheeta\'s \'Spell of Destruction\', blinding Muska and shattering much of the city. Having escaped the collapse, Pazu and Sheeta re-unite with Dola\'s pirates, and later part from them, whereupon the ending credits show the remains of Laputa, maintained by the roots of an immense tree, in orbit above the earth.'] ["From an ocean rig, a demented scientist, Krank , kidnaps children to steal their dreams. Among them is the little brother, Denree , of carnival strongman and former Russian sailor One , who sets out to rescue him with the help of a young, orphaned, thieves' guild member named Miette . They delve into the world of a bio-mechanical kidnapping cult and discover the connection between the scientist and the missing Denree. Krank is both aided and hindered by Martha, a diminutive woman; Irving , a talkative brain in a tank; and six identical clones of the genius  who created them all and has been missing for many years. They support the cult with technology as they gather children for Krank's experiments to give him dreams as without the ability he is aging rapidly. Conjoined twins known as the Octopus control the guild of thieves in their robberies but have become distrustful of Miette and hire One to help the children steal a safe. The Octopus believes Miette has been holding out and has deserted to help One. They employ performer Marcello  to ensure Miette pays and One returns to them, and much to his distaste he allows Miette to drown while rescuing One from the cult using a mind control system. Beneath the waters Miette's last sight is that of a deep sea diver who takes her to his lair and catalogues her body. He is revealed to be a delusional paranoid and identical to the clones except older with a beard. An accident revives Miette and she finds One and Marcello both drinking and full of sorrow in a bar. The angered Octopus has a henchman ([[Rufus  dispose of the bumbling Marcello and uses the stolen mind control to turn One against Miette; the smallest of actions has the largest of results in a spectacular chain of events leading to the Octopus' demise instead. When a dream escapes the rig, it plants information in Miette's mind and restores some of the diver's memories, including how he was attacked by Krank and the woman he created as a wife and dropped into the sea. They all converge on the rig with the Genius armed to destroy it and the duo to rescue Denree. Miette is forced to enter a dream world to release Denree from the dream extracting machine as the Genius straps himself and dynamite to the legs of the rig. In the dream world Miette is joined by Krank where she uses her imagination to control the dream and foil him once and for all. One and Miette rescue all the children as the explosions start and the Genius finds papers, finally regaining his memory of who he is as the clones and Irving row away."] ["In 1799, New York City, Ichabod Crane is a 24-year-old officer. He is dispatched by his superiors to the Westchester County hamlet of Sleepy Hollow, New York, to investigate a series of brutal slayings in which the victims have been found decapitated: Peter Van Garrett, his son Dirk, and the widow Emily Winship. A pioneer of new, unproven investigative techniques such as finger-printing and autopsies, Crane arrives in Sleepy Hollow armed with his bag of scientific tools only to be informed by the town's elders that the murderer is not of flesh and blood, rather a headless supernatural warrior from beyond the grave who rides at night on a massive black steed. Crane begins his investigation, remaining highly skeptical about the supernatural elements in the case until he encounters the Headless Horseman himself, who kills Magistrate Samuel Phillipse on sight. Boarding a room at the home of the town's richest family, the Van Tassels, Crane develops an attraction to their daughter Katrina, while he is plagued by nightmares of his mother's horrific torture when he was a child. Delving further into the mystery with the aid of the orphaned Young Masbath, whose father Jonathan was a victim of the Horseman, Crane discovers within the Western Woods the Horseman's grave, as well as his entry point into the natural world from the supernatural — the gnarled Tree of the Dead. Crane finds the Horseman's skull is missing, and eventually uncovers a murky plot revolving around revenge and land rights with the Horseman controlled by Katrina's stepmother Lady Van Tassel, who sends the killer after Katrina now to solidify her hold on what she considers her property, a piece of land unjustly claimed by Katrina's father. Following a fight in the local windmill and a stagecoach chase through the woods, Crane eventually thwarts Lady Van Tassel by returning the skull to the Horseman, who regains his head and heads back to Hell along with his enslaver. With his job in Sleepy Hollow over, Crane, with Katrina and Young Masbath, returns to New York in time for the new century."] ['The film begins in an unnamed war-torn European city in the late 18th century , where, amidst explosions and gunfire from a large Turkish army outside the city gates, a fanciful touring stage production of Baron Münchhausen\'s life and adventures is taking place. Backstage, city official "The Right Ordinary Horatio Jackson" reinforces the city\'s commitment to reason  by ordering the execution of a soldier ([[Sting  who had just accomplished a near-superhuman feat of bravery, claiming that his bravery is demoralizing to other soldiers. Not far into the play, an elderly man claiming to be the real Baron interrupts the show, protesting its many inaccuracies. Over the complaints of the audience, the theatre company and Jackson, the "real" Baron gains the house\'s attention and narrates through flashback an account of one of his adventures, of a life-or-death wager with the Grand Turk, where the younger Baron\'s life is saved only by his amazing luck plus the assistance of his remarkable associates: Berthold, the world\'s fastest runner; Adolphus, a rifleman with superhuman eyesight; Gustavus, who possesses extraordinary hearing, and sufficient lung power to knock down an army by exhaling; and the fantastically strong Albrecht. When gunfire disrupts the elderly Baron\'s story, the importance of saving the city eclipses the show. The Baron wanders backstage intending to die, until the exuberantly enthusiastic questioning of Sally Salt, the young daughter of the theater company\'s leader, persuades him to remain living. Insisting that he alone can save the city, the Baron escapes the city\'s walls in a hot air balloon constructed of women\'s underwear, accompanied by Sally as a stowaway. The balloon expedition proceeds to the Moon, where the Baron, rejuvenated by the escape, finds his old associate Berthold, but angers the King of the Moon, who resents the Baron for his romantic past with the Queen of the Moon. A bungled escape from the Moon brings the trio back to  the Earth, where the Roman God Vulcan hosts his guests with courtesy and Albrecht is found. The Baron and Vulcan\'s wife, the Goddess Venus, attempt a romantic interlude by waltzing in air, but this cuts short the hospitality and Vulcan expels the foursome from his kingdom into the South Seas. Swallowed by an enormous sea creature, the travelers locate Gustavus, Adolphus, and the Baron\'s trusty horse Bucephalus. The Baron  struggles with the conflicting goals of heroism and a peaceful death, before deciding to escape by blowing "a modicum of snuff" out into the sea creature\'s cavernous interior, which causes the sea creature to "sneeze" the heroes out through its whale-like blowhole. Back ashore, the Turkish army is located but the Baron\'s associates are now too elderly and tired to fight the Turk as in the old days. The Baron lectures them firmly but to no avail, and he storms off intending to surrender to the Turk and to Jackson; his cohorts rally to save both the Baron and the city. During the city\'s celebratory parade, the Baron is shot dead by Jackson. An emotional public funeral takes place, but the denouement reveals that this is merely the final scene of yet another story the Baron is telling to the same theater-goers who were attending the theater in the beginning of the film. The Baron calls the foregoing "only one of the many occasions on which I met my death" and closes his tale by saying "everyone who had a talent for it lived happily ever after." An ambiguous finale reveals that the city has indeed been saved, even though the events of the battle apparently occurred in a story rather than the film\'s reality. The Baron rides off on Bucephalus. As the Baron and Bucephalus are bathed in the light of the sun parting through the clouds, they apparently disappear, and the credits roll over a triumphant blast of music.'] ['{{plot}} The film opens as a pregnant woman  gives birth to a vampire. A young Brother, Silus, aged 10-13 is told this child, Edgar and he are from the same mother. Throughout this introduction the mother is in visible emotional distress, reaching out across the room to Silus, trying to touch him. Captioned "100 Years Later." Jamestown slum has had a series of attacks on women, who are all found with their throats bitten. Lilly Squires  is in charge of the human police investigating these cases. She states that she comes from a workhouse in this same slum, and we establish that she is one of the few cops who care what happens to these people at the bottom of the socioeconomic heap.  Lilly finds a small boy who witnesses one attack, and tells her that a Brother was responsible. As the police don\'t want to panic the city, the string of murders is explained away as being the result of an outbreak of the rampant influenza virus. Silus  is detailed by the church cardinals to work with the human police, because the Brothers know that these attacks have been carried out by a Brother; Silus\'s brother Edgar . Edgar has sent Silus a recording of his last murder, challenging him to find and stop him before he kills again. Edgar provides the location of his next murder. With Silus\' help, Lilly puts together a task force to stake out the area Edgar has targeted. However Edgar distracts the cops and attacks Lilly, biting her in the neck. An officer interrupts the attack and Edgar flees. To save Lilly\'s life, Silus tells her to drink his own blood, which she does. Silus then pursues Edgar, managing to shoot him with a tranquilizing dart. Silus later visits Lilly in hospital. We establish that she has no family as they died from influenza. Lilly is having visions from drinking Silus\' blood. The newspapers have published a fake story of the death of the killer; a deranged human who believed he was a Brother. Edgar is being held in a "brace", a spiked body restraint in a cell in the church basement. Because Silus is soon to be made a member of the "inner circle" he is told the full details of what happened to Edgar. The cardinals are worried that not a single Brother has been born for 70 years, and that a female vampire has never been born. Although they have publicly banned genetic research, the church has been carrying it out in secret. Edgar has been developing a virus to inject into pregnant women, to force the baby to be born a vampire. Alas the virus has mutated, and it has turned the women into violent, insane, psychopaths. Ten of Edgar\'s research subjects are already dead, and the last one is dying. Edgar has also become infected, and is now insane, although the effect is slower due to his strong immune system. Silus visits Edgar, who vows to escape and finish off Lilly. Edgar accuses Silus of being in love with Lilly, despite Brothers being forbidden to love. The night Silus is at a ceremony in the church for his investiture as a cardinal Edgar escapes, killing the guards and receptionist, and disappears into Jamestown. He enlists the help of a local named Freddy to help him catch Lilly. Edgar has installed a tap and tube system into his forearm, so he can turn on a flow of his own infected blood at any time. He catches a policewoman and fills her mouth with his blood. Freddy insists on getting his own share as well, not knowing it is infected. Silus is guarding Lilly at her apartment with Lilly\'s colleague Jones. When she is sleeping Silus shows some affection for her by imagining kissing her. Later, Silus leaves to investigate a noise downstairs and Lilly and Jones patrol around. When Lilly approaches a window, Edgar bursts through from outside and grabs her. Silus and Edgar grapple, however Silus is knocked unconscious long enough for Edgar and Lilly to disappear. The virus has spread throughout Jamestown. The government has instituted a quarantine, and soldiers shoot anybody who attempts to leave. Humans are rioting outside the churches, and throwing their rosaries back at the Brothers. Silus discovers Edgar\'s location is Jamestown\'s water source. Edgar is dripping his blood into the water supply, infecting all of Jamestown. However, each suburb has its own separate water supply. Silus is determined to go in and rescue Lilly, however another cardinal tells him that Jamestown will be burned to the ground to make sure that the virus dies, and Edgar with it. He warns Silus that his own career will be doomed if he ignores the "greater good" and breaches quarantine. Silus breaks through into Jamestown and heads to the aquifer, dodging the infected. Lilly is handcuffed to a water pipe in a locked basement. Edgar comes in and she tries to persuade him to stop but instead he challenges her about her dead child, saying that her race is good at abandoning children. Edgar finds Silus and they fight. Just as Silus is winning, Edgar throws him backwards onto the prongs of a steam injector. As Silus lies groaning, and possibly dying, on the ground, Edgar approaches with a portable steam injector. When Edgar depresses the trigger steam comes out. Edgar threatens to burn Silus\'s face off so that he will be more of a monster just like him. Lilly comes up behind Edgar and kills him by stabbing another steam injector into the back of his skull. Silus escorts Lilly from the water facility. He kisses Lilly and says she must do something. He gestures to a building then tells Lilly she must look after what she will find in there and keep it away from the Brotherhood. Lilly enters the building, and finds the other Brother, a dead woman, and a baby. The Brother tells Lilly the infant is the first female vampire ever born. The virus has created her and she is truly the first Perfect Creature. Silus is branded a heretic, and must stay in hiding. Meanwhile Lilly is caring for the baby and Silus is watching over her. The movie ends with Silus saying that he is being hunted but he will always fight back, leaving scope for a second movie.'] ["The film starts off with a ship caught in a storm. As the vessel sinks, and several of its passengers begin to drown, divers swim up to them to bring them to the Nautilus. From there they are taken to a magnificent underwater domed city, Templemir, controlled by Nemo. In addition to its Utopian lifestyle the survivors discover much of the city is made of gold. Two of the survivors, the brothers Barnaby and Swallow Bath, begin to plot to steal some of the gold. Another survivor, Fraser, is an ambassador of the US government en-route to Britain on urgent business, and desperately desires to continue his mission. Another of the party, Lomax, feels claustrophobic in the city and desperately wants to go back to the surface. However, for the safety of the city and its people, Nemo tells the survivors that they cannot leave. The only ones that accept this easily are a boy and his mother, Philip and Hellena Beckett. During their first days Fraser and the Becketts are shown the underwater farms of the city. The Bath brothers discover that a special machine produces Oxygen and fresh water for the city. As a by-product gold is also produced; as such, gold is basically worthless, and is only used as a non-corroding plating material. This makes the thieves determined to escape with as much gold as possible. During the night, Lomax is apprehended attempting to escape by stealing diving gear. Nemo lets him off easily. However he later retaliates by sabotaging the key life support systems to over pressurize the dome which will cause the city to be destroyed. However this results only in the room being flooded; Nemo responds to the danger by sealing off the room to save the city, leaving Lomax to drown. Though the city is safe, destruction still ensues. In the process the Bath brothers are able to sneak into the Forbidden Area, a place kept off limits to all. Whilst there, they discover a second, much larger Nautilus II, a ship that looks faster and more powerful than the first. It becomes plain that if they follow through with their attempt to leave Templemir, they will have to steal this submarine. It is equally plain that they will not be trusted by either Nemo or by Joab, his second in command. Instead, they approach Fraser, and include him in their plans. Fraser needs little urging, and after some persuasion, convinces Nemo to teach him how to command the Nautilus. During a training cruise, he is at the helm when Nautilus encounters an old enemy, Mobula, a vast Manta Ray-like creature accidentally created during the building of the city . Mobula attacks the Nautilus, and falls prey to the submarine's front ram. Fraser approaches Nemo with a request that he should be allowed to leave Templemir. His reason is an honest one; his mission was to cut off the supply of weapons supplied by European arms manufacturers to either side in the recently declared American Civil War, and so prevent a much greater conflict. Fearful for his people, his city, and the possibility of his inventions falling into hostile hands, Nemo can only refuse. He counters by offering Fraser a place in Templemir's future, an enclosed undersea Metropolis of several such cities. In doing so he alienates a jealous Joab, who is easily persuaded to help Fraser and the Baths steal Nautilus II, on condition they leave cleanly, and return the submarine intact. And so, during the All Seas Day celebration on the anniversary of Templemir's completion, the attempt begins, and the race for freedom is on."] 