['{{Plot}} Nerdy college student Alister McDowell  moves in with mean asshole kid Larnell , typical "surfer-stoner" Bachman  and former baseball player Brett . During Alister\'s stay, Larnell sees an ad for a large bong, in which the previous owner claims it was "possessed". After receiving the bong and taking a couple of hits , Brett introduces Alister to his girlfriend Luann  and her friend Janet , who Alister develops a crush for. Later that night, Bachman wakes up in a strip club where he meets Ooga Booga from Doll Graveyard and Ivan Burroughs  from Decadent Evil. He\'s introduced by one of the strippers  who has skull heads on the cups of her bra. When he comes near the bra, the skull heads start biting him in the neck and he bleeds to death. The next morning, the other roommates find Bachman dead on the couch. Alister tells to them that it\'s probably from the weed that came with the bong. Larnell also notices that the bong has changed. The trio then hide his body underneath a pile of trash in the basement, after nearly getting caught by Larnell\'s paralyzed-but-wealthy grandfather, Cyril , who came by to tell Larnell that he just got remarried. Later on, the bong  starts speaking to Larnell  and tempts him to take a hit out of her. After doing so, he ends being in the same strip club as before. Here he sees Bachman , the Gingerdead Man, and his grandfather. Eventually a stripper gives Larnell a lap dance, and he\'s killed in a similar way that Bachman was killed. Back in the real world, Luann and Janet come over to play Trivial Pursuit. After playing the game, the group  take a hit from the bong. After Brett and Luann pass out, they wake up in the same strip club and they\'re greeted by Jack Attack of Demonic Toys, and Luann is taken away by the bouncer. Brett is then treated by another stripper , who happens to be Brett\'s ex-girlfriend Carla Brewster. She eventually uses her lip-cupped bra to bite off Brett\'s genitals, killing him. Meanwhile, when Allister starts figuring out what\'s going on, Janet falls prey to the bong and passes out. A man named Jimbo Leary  randomly enters the room and proclaims that the bong is his. He also explains that the bong  has a voodoo curse on it and that once you take enough hits from it, it brings you to the "Bong World"  and kills you. In order to save Janet, Allister takes a hit from the bong and is instantly sent to the bong world. Meanwhile, Jimbo tries destroying the bong with a hammer, chainsaw, and  a bomb. Eebee unleashes marijuana smoke from her bong, causing Jimbo to inhale and pass out. Meanwhile in the Bong World, Eebee forces the strippers to seduce Allister, but he breaks them off. Once he finds a stoned Janet, they take "vitamins"  to make them sober again. Jimbo, who has just got sucked into the bong world, tells them to go ahead and escape while he takes care of Eebee. Jimbo comes up to Eebee and shows Eebee the time bomb now strapped to his chest. Jimbo activates the bomb and blows up Eebee and apparently Jimbo himself. Back in the real world, Alister and Janet wake up, with Larnell, Brett, Luann, and Bachman coming back to life. Jimbo, however, has been killed, along with the bong, which is now shattered into pieces. The last scene shows that Jimbo is now the king of the Bong World. His first rule of business is to have the strippers to have fun with the last of his Hot Wheels. During the end credits, Eebee\'s voice can be heard, saying that she comes back as the...KING BONG!'] ['Following the events of Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle, Harold Lee and Kumar Patel set off on a flight to Amsterdam so that Harold can pursue a budding romance with his neighbor, Maria. Before they board their plane, they run into a friend from college, Colton, and Kumar\'s ex-girlfriend, Vanessa, who are getting married in Texas; Kumar questions whether he still loves her. During the flight a woman suspects Kumar of being a terrorist after mistaking his bong for a bomb. Sky marshals detain the duo and the plane diverts to Washington D.C. where Ron Fox, an obsessive and racist Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security, sends them to Guantanamo Bay detention camp in Cuba, thinking they are agents of a joint Al-Qaeda and North Korean conspiracy, against the advice of NSA Vice-Chairman Beecher. With the inadvertent assistance of two other prisoners, Harold and Kumar escape and board a Cuban refugee boat to Miami, Florida. They meet up with their college friend, Raza, who loans them a car so they can travel to Texas to get help from Colton, whose family has political connections. During the car ride, Kumar remembers first meeting Vanessa at the library and experiencing smoking a joint. Fox interrogates Harold and Kumar\'s parents utilizing an incompetent interpreter, despite their English fluency. Harold and Kumar end up lost in Birmingham, Alabama. They mistake a group of African Americans for gang members, and after crashing their car, they flee on foot from the approaching group, who were actually planning to repair the car. They meet a friendly hunter and stay with him and his wife at their well-kept trailer home, even sharing some weed. When someone knocks at the door, Harold and Kumar hide in the basement and discover the couple\'s inbred cycloptic son. At night, while Kumar dreams of a threesome with Vanessa and a large bag of weed, Harold is shocked to find the son in his bed, and they promptly leave. In the woods, Harold and Kumar encounter a Ku Klux Klan rally. They hide until some members approach with a beer keg. After knocking out the two members and putting on their robes, they mingle until the other two return, declaring them to be "Mexicans". The Klansmen chase Harold and Kumar until their leader accidentally sets himself on fire. The two run into Neil Patrick Harris, who offers them a ride. Fox continues demonstrating his racial ignorance as he interrogates Harold and Kumar\'s friends, Rosenberg and Goldstein. Harris, under the influence of psychedelic mushrooms, smuggles them past Fox\'s security checkpoint. They stop at a brothel, but while Harris leaves with a big breasted prostitute, Harold and Kumar separate and talk about their friendship issues with their girls. Harris causes a situation by branding his woman. As they flee, Harris is shot in the back. While grieving, Harold and Kumar look through Harris\' possessions, finding Chris Fehn\'s mask, a jar of human hair, and a dozen mace cans. Harold and Kumar arrive in Texas, where Colton promises to help them out of their situation, but when he sees Kumar reconnecting with Vanessa, he turns them over to Fox. Harold blames Kumar for the problems they have encountered. On the flight back to Guantanamo Bay, Kumar apologizes and they forgive each other. Harold uses Harris\' mace to incapacitate two guards, but Fox catches them. As he prepares to shoot them, an infuriated Beecher knocks down Fox and calls him out on his incompetence, saying that it is people like him who make Americans look stupid. He tries to tie Fox up but slips and knocks the plane door open, sucking out everyone inside. Kumar hangs on to Harold, who has deployed a parachute, and they crash through the roof of President George W. Bush\'s Texas house. Bush brings them to his recreation room, and they bond by smoking weed. Bush promises to pardon Harold and Kumar and to help them with whatever they need. Escorted by the Secret Service, Harold and Kumar interrupt Colton and Vanessa\'s wedding. Colton confronts Kumar, but Harold punches him, and Kumar reconnects with Vanessa by reciting the poem he was writing when they first met. The three head to Amsterdam where Harold reunites with Maria, and they tour Amsterdam. A post-credits scene reveals that Neil Patrick Harris is still alive.'] ['The film opens with an infomercial, given by Dick Dupre  played by John C. McGinley, which Larry  and Rico  are watching. Larry and Rico are two stoners who live in a one-room apartment, and after watching the entire infomercial, they decide to start a "tiny classified ads" business. This is a running gag throughout the film. Each time they explain their new "business," someone asks, "Ads for what?", and they respond confidently, "That\'s not the point! It\'s complex" or "The ads themselves... they generate income", simply quoting the infomercial. After the two are locked out of their apartment by their landlord Lance  for being late on rent, the two are stuck for a way to get cable television so they can watch The Shawshank Redemption during a 24-hour marathon on TNT. Larry, in despair because his car won\'t start and they will miss "the Shank," remembers a rehab brochure he picked up, and decides that he had reached "his bottom", and needs to go to rehab. Rico decides to go with him after he sees in the brochure that the clinic has basic cable. In rehab, the two stoners quickly find themselves out of place among the hard drug addicts there, not to mention the counselors. Beside this, they also find out that the brochure was false, and they only have eight channels and no TNT. After spending their first night messing with junkies and each having a one-night stand with the women in rehab, the two are kicked out. They decide to go to see Big Daddy , a wealthy acquaintance of theirs. Big Daddy thinks that Larry and Rico are two guys his girlfriend Elise  has set up for his sale of an expensive collection of antique Indian Head pennies. The buyer is an aspiring rapper named Cool Crush Ice Killa , who wants to meet Larry and Rico at a bus station with the money. They forget the coins in Larry\'s car, and in a panic they run from the bus station with the money, with Ice Killa chasing them. They go back to Big Daddy\'s, where Ice Killa, who has a great fear of dogs, is chased up a tree by Big Daddy\'s trained guard dog. Larry, Rico, and Big Daddy then find out that Elise and Ice Killa were trying to steal the coins. Big Daddy then asks Larry and Rico to work for him in his investment in beachfront property in Nicaragua. At the airport, they run into Dupre, whose infomercials turned out to be a scam, and is now also investing in Nicaragua. The movie ends with another infomercial, this time featuring Dupre, Larry and Rico. Back at the apartment, two new stoners  are being told off by Lance for being late on rent, when Larry and Rico appear on the TV telling of their new fortunes. The new tenants hail them as brilliant, yelling "Nicaragua!" victoriously. In complete disbelief, Lance decides to hit their joint.'] ['Cheech Marin and Tommy Chong play versions of themselves being invited to Amsterdam for a film festival devoted to Burt Reynolds and Dolly Parton. When Reynolds and Parton do not show up to the festival, the promoter goes to Cheech and Chong for help and the duo volunteers to give a live performance . For much of the film, they do versions of many of their recorded characters  and several new skits. The second half of the movie features their live performance, climaxing with a version of their infamous "Ralph And Herbie" routine.'] ['The story involves preppy pre-freshman  Tom Lawrence ([[Chris Young  who visits Port Chester University, a college where fraternities have been outlawed and political correctness is rampant on campus. During his visit, Tom manages to make enemies with nearly every group of students on the campus. Getting caught in an infamous "meat tossing incident"  angers the "cause-heads" , and while taking a short cut through the computer lab, he trips over the power cords and accidentally crashes all the computers, angering all the people working on their thesis papers. During his visit, Tom also gets in the middle of the war between "The Pit" and "Balls and Shaft", two rival groups on campus. The latter group  is a parody of the Skull and Bones secret society and conservative fraternities in general. Among its members is Rand McPherson , who, with the other Balls and Shaft members, want the outlawed Greek system to return. Meanwhile, members of "The Pit" (a party-frat which split from Balls and Shaft years ago, currently led by James "Droz" Andrews  and living in the dilapidated former Balls and Shaft frat house just want everyone to get along. The movie is in part about the battle between Droz and Rand. Besides Balls and Shaft, the other great nemeses of The Pit are a radical feminist group on campus known as the Womynists, and the college president, Ms. Garcia-Thompson , who is obsessed with enforcing "sensitivity awareness" and multiculturalism to the point where she proposes that Bisexual Asian Studies should have its own building . The Womynists\' entire world view revolves around a paranoia about rape culture and all things phallic, and they are known to hold protests at parties chanting "hey hey, ho ho, this penis party\'s got to go!" Ms. Garcia-Thompson conspires with Balls and Shaft to get The Pit, their mutual nemesis, kicked off campus, giving Rand control of the house. The Pit responds by throwing a party to raise funds to pay off their debts and keep their house. The Womynists take offense to The Pit\'s flyers advertising the party, and hold a protest outside. The party at first appears to be a failure. However, a series of unlikely events results in George Clinton and Parliament-Funkadelic performing at the party. Students begin streaming in and the party successfully raises the funds to keep the house. After Garcia-Thompson decides to throw The Pit off campus anyway, using the history of complaints against The Pit as her reason, the members of The Pit plot their ultimate revenge at an alumni gathering the next day. They succeed in provoking the other students into an impromptu protest , causing the Board of Trustees to fire Garcia-Thompson due to her inability to control the student body. The film ends showing Tom heading home, having decided to commit to going to PCU. As he sits on the bus, he sees Rand, who after unwittingly insulting the entire student body over the sound system of the event, is now in Tom\'s position at the beginning of the film being chased by the students across campus.'] ["Nothing much happens in the lives of 20-something pals Dexter and Royce except for getting high and hanging out with Royce’s girlfriend, Matilda . This all changes one evening in Northern Ontario town Weedsville when Mattie overdoses on a stash of Dexter and Royce’s drugs — drugs fronted by local drug kingpin and tough-guy Omar to sell in order to cover their previous drug debt. Thinking her dead and knowing that calling the cops would only land them in jail the pair decide to bury her in the boiler room of the closed drive-in theater where Royce used to work. The two set off to deal with Mattie’s dead body. While the boys begin to dig a grave downstairs, a Satanic cult led by another former employee and  Abel enters the supposedly abandoned drive-in and begins a ritual involving pentagrams and human bloodletting in the upstairs concession stand. Their plan is to resurrect Jason Taylor  out of his coma. However, when Dexter walks in mid-sacrifice, everything goes awry. Dexter and Royce are captured, gagged and duct-taped and Mattie’s corpse is discovered. But when some of the sacrificed follower’s blood unexpectedly 'awakens' Matilda an all out chase ensues. Royce and Dexter get to her first, and the trio escapes. After safely stowing Mattie in Dexter’s apartment, the boys run into Omar and his beefy sidekick Garry, who deliver a few swings of a curling stone and an ultimatum — debt  paid by last call or he will severely injure the pair. Knowing that millionaire Jason Taylor has a safe full of money at his place, Dexter and Royce take off to break in and steal it, a plan previously mentioned by Mattie, who knows the combination to Taylor's safe. With a few unexpected bumps along the way, such as running into, accidentally knocking out and then getting high the nephew of Taylor, who was housesitting, Dexter and Royce successfully manage to steal the safe. En route back to Dexter’s apartment to grab Mattie, they run into Abel. A classic car chase causes our boys to seek refuge in a mall where they encounter a midget security guard named Martin. After winning his trust  he lets them leave without further trouble. Meanwhile at the New Age Resource Centre, Mattie  has been tied to an upside-down cross along with an unconscious Jason Taylor. Abel's plan is to offer Lucifer Mattie’s life in exchange for Jason’s. Dexter and Royce arrive to try and stop the ritual and rescue Mattie. Omar shows up looking to collect his debt and he brought Gary — and his gun — with him. In hot pursuit of Abel and his cult, Martin and his  diminutive friends arrive only to crash into Dex's car, propelling the safe from the trunk into the New Age Centre, crushing Abel. With Abel plan’s ruined and his life saved, Taylor gives Dexter and Royce the okay to hand off the safe with all of his money to clear their debt to Omar. They happily flee the scene with Mattie in tow.MagPictures.com Retrieved 2009-11-04"] ['Super High Me documents Benson avoiding cannabis for a cleansing period and then smoking and otherwise consuming cannabis every day for 30 days in a row.<ref namehttp://entertainment.timesonline.co.uk/tol/arts_and_entertainment/film/article4020963.ece|titleMay 29, 2008|accessdateThe Times|publisherSteve|last"wikitable" border="1" |- ! ! Sober ! High |- | Psychic ESP Test | 1/25 | 7/25 |- | The S.A.T. | 980/1600 | 1030/1600 |- | Mini-mental Status Review  | 27/29 | 24/29 |- | Lung Capacity | 92% | 89% |- | Sperm Count  | 21 Millions/mL | 32 Millions/mL |- | Weight Change | -2 lbs. | +8 lbs. |}'] ['Thurgood Jenkins  and his friends Brian  and Scarface  are forced into selling marijuana stolen from the lab where Thurgood works as a "master of the custodial arts"  in order to bail their friend Kenny  out of jail, after he accidentally kills Buttercup, a diabetic police horse, by feeding it junk food. Their business, named Mr. Nice Guy in honor of their good-natured incarcerated friend, becomes immensely popular, even attracting famous clientele. Thurgood\'s personal life is ruined once his adamantly anti-drug girlfriend, ironically named Mary Jane Potman , discovers that he works for Mr. Nice Guy. Soon, all of their lives are in danger once Samson Simpson, a local drug lord, learns that Mr. Nice Guy is costing him business, including his former client rapper Sir Smoke-a-Lot. He threatens to kill them if they do not pay him 20 grand every week. Brian buys a pouch that is supposed to contain the ashes of Jerry Garcia with some of the money they are making, and Scarface buys a rottweiler named Killer. Thurgood tells police about a future meeting he has with Samson Simpson after they arrest him for stealing marijuana from the laboratory. The police agree to drop the charges if Thurgood wears a wire, that way they can get the proof they need to arrest the drug lord. Before the guys go into Samson\'s home they smoke a joint in the police van. The cops get high from the second hand smoke. The cops tell them to say abracadabra when they have purchased the drugs. During the interview, Samson discovers that Thurgood is wearing a wire and is about to kill them. They scream abracadabra into the wire to try to get the cops to save them. But the cops are high from second-hand smoke and busy mocking a letter Thurgood wrote to Mary Jane. A fight breaks out with Samson and his army of women. Brian throws the pouch he bought earlier on the ground. The ghost of Jerry Garcia emerges and hits Samson with a guitar, knocking him out. The police then rush in and recover all of the drugs, and arrest Samson after he wakes up. Thurgood, Brian, and Scarface\'s deal with the police works to get Kenny a pardon from jail. Thurgood gives up smoking and is able to win back Mary Jane whose dad is a marijuana dealer.'] ["Dale Denton  is a 25-year-old process server who witnesses the dangerous drug lord, Ted Jones , and a corrupt cop, Officer Carol Brazier  committing murder. Dale panics and leaves his roach at the scene containing a rare strain of marijuana called Pineapple Express. Ted subsequently identifies Dale's roach as the strain that he had sold to only one dealer. Ted sends his two henchmen, Budlofsky and Matheson (Kevin Corrigan and [[Craig Robinson  to the dealer, Red ([[Danny McBride , who discloses that he has only sold the pot to Dale's dealer, Saul Silver . Dale flees to Saul's apartment in a panic and explains what happened. After a brief conversation, Dale realizes Ted could trace the roach back to Saul. Dale and Saul flee into the nearby woods, while Ted's henchmen persuade Red to arrange a meeting between Saul and Red, but fails because Dale and Saul spend the night in the woods. Both dispose of their cell phones out of fear that they could be triangulated by Brazier. After sleeping within 18 hours, Dale and Saul arrive at Red's house and hope that talking with Red in person will help them determine whether Ted has linked them, and therefore whether he is in pursuit. Instead, Dale decides that Red will reveal their whereabouts to Ted, and Dale, Saul, and Red fight each other. Convinced that Ted's henchmen are pursuing them, Dale and Saul decide that they must leave the city. Dale visits his girlfriend, Angie  at her house to warn her and her parents , but Angie's father doesn't believe Dale. Ted's henchmen pursue Dale and Saul to Angie's house, and Angie and her parents goes into hiding. To leave town, Dale and Saul sell some of Saul's Pineapple Express to raise bus fare. However, a police officer arrests Dale for smoking a joint and arrests him for selling the weed to middle school kids. Dale convinces the arresting officer that Officer Brazier is corrupt. Saul eventually rescue Dale by hijacking the squad car, while Officer Brazier hears a police radio call of Dale's arrest. Officer Brazier pursues Dale and Saul in a high speed chase, but Dale and Saul successfully evade her. Dale and Saul argue with each other about the mess they have found themselves in, resulting in Dale telling Saul that they are not friends and never were. Dale and Saul go their separate ways, angry and upset. Saul visits his grandmother in an assisted living home and finds Ted's henchmen, who kidnap him and holds him hostage in Ted's lair. Dale enlists Red to help him to rescue Saul from Ted and Officer Brazier, but Red unexpectedly backs out at the last minute and Dale is captured. While Dale and Saul are held hostage, they reconcile with each other and make plans to escape. Meanwhile, a rival Asian drug gang attacks the barn to avenge a member's death at the hands of Ted and Officer Brazier, the same murder that Dale had witnessed. Dale and Saul finally free themselves, but are caught by Matheson. Matheson grazes Dale in the ear with a gunshot, but is disarmed and shot by Saul. Dale and Saul carry on and join the fight, but are separated after Ted intervenes Dale. Dale and Ted endure a brawl that results in Ted's death when one of the Asians  sets off a bomb that completely destroys the barn. Meanwhile, Matheson kills Budlofsky for refusing to kill Saul when he had the chance. Before Matheson can kill Saul, Red breaks through the wall with his car, running over Matheson and eventually kills him. While Saul thanks Red, Officer Brazier reaches for a gun and shoots Red, which seemingly kills him. The bomb goes off, first exploding under Red's car and it falls on top of Officer Brazier and finally kills her. Dale carries Saul out of the burning barn. Just as Saul awakens, Red crawls from the wreckage of the barn. The film ends with Dale, Saul, and Red at a diner eating breakfast and celebrating their friendship as Saul's grandmother picks them up and takes them to the hospital for treatment."] ['Ben Stone  is laid-back and sardonic. He lives off funds received in compensation for an injury and sporadically works on a Mr. Skin-like website with his roommates, in between smoking marijuana or going off with them at theme parks such as Knott\'s Berry Farm. Alison Scott  is a career-minded woman who has just been given an on-air role with E!, and is living in the pool house with her sister Debbie\'s  family. While celebrating her promotion, Alison meets Ben at a local nightclub. After a night of drinking, they end up having sex. Due to a misunderstanding, they do not use protection: Alison uses the phrase "Just do it already" to encourage Ben to put the condom on, but he misinterprets this to mean to dispense without even using one. The following morning, they quickly learn over breakfast that they have little in common and go their separate ways, which leaves Ben visibly upset. Eight weeks later, Alison experiences morning sickness during an interview with James Franco, and discovers she is pregnant. She contacts Ben for the first time since their one-night stand to tell him. Although insensitive at first, Ben says he will be there to support Alison. While he is still unsure about being a parent, his father  is excited. Alison\'s mother  tries to persuade her daughter to have an abortion, but Alison decides to keep the child. Later, Alison and Ben decide to give their relationship a chance. The couple\'s efforts include Ben making an awkward marriage proposal with an empty ring box, promising to get her one someday. Alison thinks it is too early to think about marriage, because she is more concerned with hiding the pregnancy from her boss, who asked her to be "firm" and "tight" for the cameras. After a somewhat promising beginning, tensions surface in the relationship. Alison is increasingly worried about Ben\'s lack of responsibility and commitment, and has doubts about the longevity of their relationship. These thoughts are due to her sister\'s unhappy marriage. Debbie\'s husband, Pete , works as a talent scout for rock bands, but he leaves at odd hours in the night, which makes her suspect he is having an affair. Upon investigating, she learns that he is actually part of a fantasy baseball draft, which he explains he participates in to be free from Debbie\'s controlling manner. This results in their separation, and when Ben expresses amusement at Pete\'s deception, it leads to a heated argument with Alison as they drive to her doctor. Angered, she ejects him from her car and abandons him in the middle of nowhere, leading to their own breakup. Ben and Pete decide to go on a road trip to Las Vegas. Under the heavy influence of psychedelic mushrooms, they realize their loss and decide to take responsibility for their relationships. Simultaneously, Debbie drags a timid Alison out partying with her, but they are refused admission to a nightclub by its apologetic bouncer ([[Craig Robinson  on account of Debbie\'s age and Alison\'s pregnancy, leading to Debbie\'s tearful laments about her life and her desire to have Pete back. They reconcile at their daughter\'s birthday party, but when Ben tries to work things out with Alison, she is still reluctant to get back together with him. Alison\'s boss finds out about her pregnancy, and sees an opportunity to boost ratings with female viewers by having Alison interview pregnant celebrities. After a talk with his father, Ben decides to take responsibility and goes to great effort to change his ways, including moving out of his friends\' house, getting an office job as a web designer and an apartment with a baby\'s room. He also starts reading the pregnancy books that he had purchased early on. When Alison goes into labor and is not able to contact her doctor, she calls Ben, as Debbie and Pete are out of town on a trip. Ben discovers that the gynecologist they had been seeing  is out of town, despite having assured them that he never took vacations. Ben calls him and leaves an assertive voicemail, threatening murder. During labor, Alison apologizes for doubting Ben\'s commitment and admits that she never thought the man who got her pregnant would be the right one for her. When Debbie and Pete arrive at the hospital, Ben adamantly refuses to allow her to be at Alison\'s side, insisting that that is his place. Debbie is both furious and impressed that Ben took charge of the situation and begins to change her formerly negative opinion about him. The couple welcomes the birth of a baby girl  and settle down happily together in a new apartment in Los Angeles.'] ["Cheech & Chong's The Corsican Brothers opens with a rock band  performing with their band in the streets throughout parts of France. Disliking their brand of music, the locals pay off the band to vacate and shortly after the two lead band members meet a gypsy storyteller. She tells them the story of the Corsican brothers who attempt to overthrow a cruel member of a monarchy. After the story they continue to play in the streets and give an epic final performance before the credits start to roll."] ['The film is a nostalgic homage to the exploitation films of Wes Craven and Tobe Hooper that follows a group of free-loving hippies who escape to a modern-day Woodstock for a weekend of debauchery, only to be stalked by a radical-minded psychopath dressed and talking like Ronald Reagan.'] ['In South Central Los Angeles, California, Craig Jones ([[Ice Cube  awakens on Friday morning unemployed. Although claiming innocence, the day before he was fired from his UPS job while attempting to collect his wages, as he was allegedly caught on camera stealing boxes. Meanwhile he must put up with his father, Willie Jones, who says Craig must either find a job or risk being thrown out of the house if he can\'t cover his end of the rent. Adding to his woes, Craig has been eyeing pretty neighbor Debbie, but his insanely jealous  girlfriend Joi is proving to be a formidable obstacle. Throughout the day, friends and local neighborhood characters pass through, such as the harmless but always-scheming crackhead/petty thief Ezail; the unkempt, perpetual crackhead/moocher Felisha, who is also Debbie\'s sister; lascivious Pastor Clever, who has a brief fling with sultry parishioner Mrs. Parker before being unexpectedly interrupted by her infuriated, diminutive dwarf husband; package delivery driver Red, whose stolen bicycle and chain necklace, and black eye are courtesy of the hulking neighborhood bully Deebo; and China, friend of Craig\'s sister Dana. The film\'s subplot focuses on Smokey, who has been smoking a brokered consignment of "indo", which he was supposed to be selling for drug dealer Big Worm. In an attempt to explain his obvious lack of revenue, Smokey inadvertently incriminates Craig, subjecting both to Big Worm\'s wrath. Big Worm has had enough of Smokey "playing with his emotions" and warns him to collect the $200 dollars worth of drugs no later than 10:00 that evening, or he and Craig will be killed. Smokey is able to recover some of the money by selling pot to Hector, whom he hates for making him the brunt of prank involving smoking a joint laced with angel dust that left Smokey running down the street at night in his underwear while in a drug-induced frenzy. Unfortunately further attempts to borrow money from Joi, Debbie  and Craig\'s sister, Dana, prove unsuccessful. Willie eventually learns of Craig\'s plight, as well as the fact that Craig is carrying a gun around for protection, and furiously scolds him for keeping bad company and allowing himself to be corrupted by street life. Later on, the two plan how they are going to get Big Worm\'s money. By then, Rita, a girl Debbie had hooked Smokey up with earlier on the phone, arrives. Smokey approaches her car with confidence until he finds out that she lied about her image: instead of resembling Janet Jackson , she is obese and practically bald . Smokey heads to Debbie\'s house to complain about the date and notices Red\'s bike, which has been stolen by Deebo, on the lawn. He sneaks into a bedroom and finds Deebo asleep with Felisha beside him. He tries to steal the rest of the money that he and Deebo lifted from robbing Craig\'s neighbor Stanley earlier, but quickly leaves without the money as Deebo wakes up due to Ezail making noise as he tried to sneak inside the bedroom. Smokey goes back to Craig\'s house to tell him about the available money. Craig agrees to return to Debbie and Felisha\'s house to steal it from Deebo, but before they could leave Craig\'s house, they see Deebo riding by on Red\'s bike. Looking down the block, the two notice a black car driving slowly and they hide behind a tree, suspecting a possible drive-by shooting will occur. They settle back into Craig\'s room for about an hour, trying to get in touch with Big Worm. They decide to go back outside to prove they are not scared. Once outside, they notice a black van parked outside in the middle of the street with the headlights off. The two flee as the men in the van start shooting at them with submachine guns, ultimately landing in the back of a pick up truck where they remain safe. Everyone in the neighborhood emerges from their homes upon hearing the gunshots. Debbie confronts Deebo for physically assaulting Felisha. Deebo tells her that Felisha was trying to steal money from his pants, falsely accusing her for Smokey\'s earlier attempted theft, and warns her to go home. She continues to lambaste Deebo until he slaps her in the face. At this moment, Craig and Smokey arrive on the scene and Craig immediately steps in to defend Debbie. He stands up to Deebo and threatens him with the gun that he acquired earlier. but is ultimately convinced by Willie to hand the gun over to him. Craig and Deebo then engage in a bare-knuckle brawl. After a brutal fight, Craig emerges as the victor. Debbie tends to Craig, while Smokey steals the money he was after from the unconscious Deebo, Red retrieves his chain and bicycle , and Ezail steals Deebo\'s shoes. In the end, Craig has seemingly overcome all of the day\'s tribulations, save for finding employment. He and Debbie seem to hook up in the end, leading Craig to break up with Joi over the phone. Later, Smokey has a talk with Big Worm over the phone stating how he did not appreciate the sending of his crew to shoot at him and Craig. Big Worm explains that he has had to warn Smokey too many times about his money and that it was all about the principle of handling business. Smokey says he has the $200 that he owes to Big Worm and that Big Worm should deal weed himself next time, as he is going to rehab. After hanging up, Smokey looks up, lights up a joint and ends the film by shouting at the audience, "I was just bullshittin\'! And you know this, man!"'] ['The plot is centered around two underachieving pot smokers: Silas  and Jamal ([[Redman . When Silas\'s friend Ivory  dies, Silas uses his ashes as fertilizer for a new batch of marijuana. While both are sitting in the parking lot before taking their "THC"  exams for college, neither is able to smoke his individual marijuana stash without the help of the other. They soon discover that smoking Silas\'s new batch summons the ghost of the recently deceased Ivory, visible to just the two of them. Ivory tells them the test answers as they take the test and they both score perfect scores. Several dubious colleges offer the pair scholarships, but none of them are appealing. Eventually, Chancellor Huntley  suggests the two apply to Harvard University. Once there, they meet Bart , captain of the rowing team, his girlfriend Lauren , I Need Money , and their roommates Jeffrey  & Tuan . Once they are settled in, they visit Dean Carl Cain  who tells them that per the terms of their scholarship, they must maintain a minimum grade point average of 2.0 in order to remain at Harvard, or else face expulsion. Jamal joins the rowing team hoping to outrank Bart, and Silas enrolls in the Botany class to develop his "herbal" skills . They both enroll in black history together, although there are two other classes in which they have enrolled alone. Throughout the first half of the school year, they pass every test with the help of Ivory. Silas continues to woo and study with Lauren, while Jamal dates the U.S. vice president\'s daughter Jamie . Also during the first half of the semester, they pull pranks and steal, which angers Bart, Jeffrey , and Dean Cain. However, things go downhill after Silas and Jamal\'s raucous Halloween party. At the party, Gerald , the volunteer officer whose bicycle was stolen and crushed by I Need Money, steals and smokes the Ivory plant, leaving the pair without access to Ivory. Silas begins working on a truth serum for his Botany class, using plant extracts. Silas concludes that, if his experiment works, he will earn an A in Botany, and a guarantee of a next semester. However, his experiment fails numerous times. Before midterm examinations, Jamal suggests they go to a graveyard, dig up a "smart dead guy", and smoke his remains; Silas suggests simply that they study hard for a few hours a day while high. They try Silas\'s plan, but it does not pan out, as they end up failing almost all of their midterm exams. Desperate to stay in Harvard, they try Jamal\'s plan, but it proves fruitless, as well. Meanwhile, Gerald, who has morphed into a complete stoner, sees Ivory during one of his binges, and, at Ivory\'s behest, returns the remnants of the Ivory plant to Jamal and Silas. However, because very little remains due to Gerald\'s abuse of the plant, Jamal and Silas continue to fail their classes . With the last final exam approaching, Jamal and Silas resign themselves to give up. However, Jeffrey reminds Silas of his guarantee of another semester if he can successfully fix his truth serum experiment. Silas ultimately does, having found a solution in which the last of Ivory\'s leaves could be used to counteract nausea. Nonetheless, because of their low grades, Jamal and Silas do not receive an invitation to the Harvard Alumni party. Dean Cain, clearly thrilled with this result, tells Bart he does not have to worry about the pair showing up or staying in Harvard. However, that changes when Jamie invites them both as her dates, as her father is an alumnus. At the party, Silas makes things a bit more interesting by testing out his truth serum experiment, which proves successful. At Lauren\'s presentation at the alumni party of Benjamin Franklin\'s artifacts, she shocks everyone with her discovery: the artifacts turn out to be a bong. Dean Cain is outraged by this finding, but the Chancellor decides that he has had it with the Dean and fires him. Jamal and Silas are proud that the serum worked, a celebration that was almost short-lived, as Dean Cain returns and unsuccessfully attempts to kill them both. He is eventually apprehended by Secret Service. At the end, Jamal and Silas are able to stay, Jamal and Jamie get approval of Jamie\'s father to date, and Lauren leaves Bart for Silas because Bart could never satisfy her sexually.'] ['In a high school classroom, The Lecturer tells the assembly of anxious parents about the evils of marijuana . With the help of his assistant, Blumsack, he then launches into the tragic tale of one boy\'s struggles with the demon weed. Jimmy Harper is a fine upstanding youth, blessed with the love of the fair Mary Lane. The two are sure they will live happily ever after and  compare their relationship to that of William Shakespeare\'s greatest love story . However, across town, the sadistic weed-pusher, Jack Stone, and his cronies, neurotic whore Sally DeBanis, and former college student Ralph Wiley, are living in the depths of depravity. Jack\'s moll, Mae Coleman, explains how she came to live in such a state and how she would leave Jack if he didn\'t give her the marijuana she so craves . Meanwhile, Jack goes out to recruit new addicts at Miss Poppy\'s soda counter . There, he meets Jimmy, whom he lures back to the house and offers a stick of reefer. After one puff, Jimmy becomes an addict . He forgets about Mary Lane, who sits alone in church, waiting for him . One night, Jimmy and Ralph break into the church in order to steal from the collection plate for drug money. Jesus comes down from the cross and, in a musical revue hosted by Joan of Arc, exhorts Jimmy to kick the habit . But Jimmy\'s too deep into his habit to be saved; he has a new God now. He goes back to the Reefer Den, and to Sally, where he finds out that Sally, desperate for drug money, sold her baby to the black market. One dark night, Jimmy and Sally are driving wildly back to the house, stoned, when their car hits and kills an old man. Sally runs away. Jimmy, scared straight, drives in a panic to Mary\'s house, where he tells her he still loves her . However he realizes that by staying with her he is putting her in danger and tells her that he has to leave town without her. Mary then insists on going with him, saying "If Romeo has to run away, then so does Juliet." Jimmy tells her to go inside and pack, then sneaks away, hoping for a new start somewhere else, where Mary won\'t be harmed. But Jack knows that if the police catch Jimmy, his \'reefer empire\' will be shattered. He waits for Jimmy at Mary\'s house and offers him an innocent-looking chocolate brownie, which turns out to be a marijuana brownie. Jimmy eats the brownie and immediately forgets all about Mary . Jimmy goes back to the Reefer Den. But this time, Mary pursues him, planning to rescue him. Instead, Ralph ensnares her with his fraternity jacket and a puff of reefer . He soon finds out that he has unleashed more than he can deal with, as Mary transforms from your simple high school sweetheart into a sadistic, whip-cracking dominatrix who begins to rape Ralph. Jimmy comes downstairs to find Mary taking advantage of Ralph. He angrily attacks Ralph and the two begin fighting. Jack comes in and attempts to break up the fight, while Mae reprimands them for corrupting someone as innocent as Mary. During the scuffle, Jack\'s gun goes off and Mary is shot through the heart . Jimmy holds her, but it is too late; she dies in his arms. The police appear, summoned by the gunshot, and Jack fingers Jimmy as the killer. He is carted off by the officers . The radio reveals that Jimmy has been sent to death row. Upon hearing this news, Ralph goes insane, thinking that Jimmy, Mary , and the rest of the youths whose lives have been ruined by marijuana, are stalking him from beyond the grave . Spooked, Jack and Mae go out for food while Sally stays behind to look after the raving Ralph. When they return, they find that Ralph, in the throes of reefer-induced hunger pangs, has murdered Sally and cannibalized her body. Jack shoots him several times, but Ralph continues to get up, his strength increased while he is in the throes of "Reefer Madness" he collapses in the backyard, but disappears when Jack goes to check the body. Jack looks up to see Ralph leap down from the trees only to be impaled on the scarecrow. But now Mae is having visions of Jimmy, Mary, Sally, and Ralph, all accusing. To regain her sanity the only way she knows, she hacks Jack to death with a garden hoe and kicks the habit once and for all ("The Stuff . When Mae reads in the daily paper that the president will be coming to town to visit a sick child, she becomes determined to talk to him and gain a Presidential pardon for Jimmy. They burst into the electrocution chamber at the last second and free the doomed Jimmy, who joins them in their crusade to tell the world about the evils of marijuana. They travel back to the reefer den, where Jimmy torches the crop. Mary appears, haloed and freed from hell by his heroic destruction of property. She promises to wait for him in heaven . The Lecturer\'s presentation ends; the entire audience joins the suddenly real film cast to explain how they will join the fight against things they don\'t understand, ("Reefer Madness , thus connecting the 1930s crusade against marijuana, with the Hollywood Hays Code and prejudice directed at racial and ethnic minorities, immigrants, labor unions, gays and lesbians. As the film ends, the galvanized townsfolk hold a huge anti-reefer bonfire, in a scene similar to the book burnings that took place in Germany in the 1930s, as well continuing the film\'s theme of associating marijuana prohibition with other campaigns against minorities and dissent, with the Lecturer promising, as he drives away, "When danger\'s near exploit their fear."'] ["Josh  gets in to college on a scholarship, and Cooper  is assigned as his roommate. Cooper does little work and instead spends all the time partying and consistently fails his course, but his father continues to fund him through college. The normally studious Josh is led astray by Cooper's lifestyle and spends the first half of his first semester partying instead of studying, and consequently flunks his mid-term paper. To his horror he then finds out that a condition of his scholarship is a passing grade average each semester, and that with his poor mid-term score he needs an A+++ in his end of term paper or he will lose his scholarship. Meanwhile Cooper's father finally realizes Cooper is not trying to pass his course at all and threatens to pull his funding if he does not get a passing grade this semester, leaving him in a similar position. They find out about an obscure academic rule that states that if a student's roommate commits suicide then the roommates get perfect grades for that semester, regardless of any previous academic standing. They set out to find roommates who are likely to commit suicide; their first potential roommate, Cliff O'Malley , is more likely to get himself  killed than commit suicide. After Josh and Cooper get him to move in, they eventually kick him out. Next they try Buckley Schrank , a computer geek who thinks Bill Gates wants his brain. After they move Buckley in, they try to help push him over the edge. First, Cooper poses as a suicide hotline volunteer, and when Buckley calls, he tells him that he is Bill Gates and wants his brain. Then, Josh and Cooper stock their dorm room with equipment that may assist in a suicide . Seeing this, Buckley thinks that they're trying to kill him, and believing that the conspiracy to kill him and steal his brain is real, he runs away. Finally, Josh and Cooper move in Matt Noonan , a moody rock musician who talks about the futility of life. Later, Cooper catches him singing show tunes and learns he was voted Mr. Happy in high school, leading them to believe that he is only pretending to be depressed to impress girls and make a name for himself in music. After all the time wasted on trying to find a suicidal person instead of studying, Josh and Cooper become agitated. Facing the loss of his scholarship Josh stands on the edge of a bridge, about to commit suicide himself. Cooper tells Josh he is not a failure and talks him down. When Josh comes down from the bridge he reveals to Cooper that he was faking his suicide attempt so the school would not fail him, and Cooper would look like a hero to his father. The film ends with Josh narrating that he was given an additional semester to improve his grades, in which he saved his scholarship, and that Cooper became a more serious student, but did work summers cleaning toilets for his father's business to learn how to eventually take over."] ['Mae Coleman  and Jack Perry  — a couple supposedly "living in sin," yet sleeping in separate beds as all married couples depicted in films of the era — sell marijuana. Mae prefers to sell marijuana to customers her own age, whereas Jack sells the plant to young teenagers. Ralph Wiley ([[Dave O\'Brien , a psychotic ex-college student turned fellow dealer , and Blanche  help Jack sell cannabis to young students. Young students Bill Harper  and Jimmy Lane  are invited to Mae and Jack\'s apartment by Blanche and Ralph. Jimmy takes Bill to the party. There, Jack runs out of reefer. Jimmy, who has a car, drives him to pick up some more. Arriving at Jack\'s boss\' "headquarters," he gets out and Jimmy asks him for a cigarette. Jack gives him a joint. Later, when Jack comes back down and gets into the car, Jimmy drives off dangerously, along the way running over a pedestrian with his car. A few days later, Jack tells Jimmy that the pedestrian died of his injuries. Jack agrees to keep Jimmy\'s name out of the case, providing he agrees to "forget he was ever in Mae\'s apartment". Jimmy does indeed escape the consequences of his crime — a rare occurrence in the film. Bill begins an affair with Blanche. Mary , Jimmy\'s sister and Bill\'s girlfriend, goes to Mae\'s apartment looking for Jimmy, and accepts a joint from Ralph, thinking it to be a normal cigarette. When she refuses Ralph\'s advances, he tries to rape her. Bill comes out of the bedroom after having sex with Blanche, and hallucinates that Mary strips for Ralph. He attacks Ralph, and as the two are fighting, Jack tries to break it up by hitting Bill with the butt of his gun. The gun goes off and Mary is killed. In one of the camera shots taking place before it is revealed that Mary has been "shot in the back," the gun is aimed at the floor, one of the film\'s most revealing mistakes. Jack puts the gun in the hand of an unconscious Bill, and wakes him up. Bill sees the gun in his hand, and is led to believe that he has killed Mary. The group of dealers lies low for a while in Blanche\'s apartment while Bill\'s trial takes place. Ralph, losing his sanity, wants to tell the police who is actually responsible for the death of Mary. The film attributes Ralph\'s insanity to marijuana use.  Seeking advice from his boss, Jack is told to shoot Ralph so he keeps his mouth shut. Meanwhile, at the apartment, Blanche offers to play some piano music for Ralph to keep his mind off things. They are both very high, and Ralph tells her to play faster. She increases her playing speed to a downright cartoon-like speed in one of the film\'s most famous and over-the-top sequences. Jack shows up and Ralph immediately senses that Jack wants to kill him, so he kills Jack by beating him to death. The police arrest Ralph, Mae, and Blanche. Mae talks, and the criminal gang is rounded up. Blanche explains that Bill was innocent, and he is released. Blanche is then held as a material witness for the case against Ralph, but rather than testify against him, Blanche jumps out a window and falls to her death. Ralph is put in an asylum for the criminally insane "for the rest of his natural life." Mae\'s ultimate fate is unspecified. The film\'s story is told in bracketing sequences at a lecture given at a PTA meeting by high school principal, Dr. Alfred Carroll. At the end of the film, he tells the parents he has been talking to that events similar to those he has described are likely to happen again, and then points to random parents in the audience and warns that "the next tragedy may be that of your daughter\'s... or your son\'s... or yours, or yours..." before pointing straight at the camera and saying emphatically "...or YOURS!" as the words "TELL YOUR CHILDREN" appear on the screen.'] ['{{Plot}} The story takes place in Torrance, California sometime in the late 1970s. A pugilistic ex-convict known as "Crump\'s Brother" is picked up by a local teen while hitchhiking on the freeway and informs him about two women  he intends to party with in Torrance Beach. The teen then informs his friends about the situation, but no one wishes to anger Crump\'s Brother by tagging along; one of them, Tack  leaves with his own agenda. The title credits introduce main characters Joe  and Hubbs , as they drive around town in their 1970s Volkswagen Type III Squareback, The "Blue Torpedo" looking for drugs and women. Hubbs is the loud, dominant member of the duo while Joe is his loyal, but far more passive friend. They come across Tack, who informs them of the girls, and they reluctantly agree to take him if he provides gas money. Their friend Crump, the gas station attendant, also tells them of the girls, and realize Tack intends to take Crump\'s Brother\'s "chicks" for himself. Hubbs decides to double-cross Tack, party with the girls, and expose Tack\'s deception if Crump\'s Brother finds out; they give Crump misleading information to keep Crump and his brother preoccupied, strand Tack at the gas station, and head for Torrance Beach. They arrive at the house and find an extremely attractive girl named Lanie  who sends them off to a liquor store for alcohol. When they return, they find the homeowner\'s daughter Jill, a homely misanthrope and Lanie\'s friend; Jill is very reluctant to have them over, but is unable to dissuade Lanie from getting drunk and taking them out to find parties. Tack, in the meantime, conscripts his nerdy friend Norm "Snot-rag" Hankey to take him to the beach. They arrive at the house and after a brief scuffle, Tack entices cooperation with news of a party in Palos Verdes, much to Joe and Hubbs\' chagrin. At the house party, Muldoon , the party host, lets the girls in but shuts everyone else out. Lanie leaves following an altercation with Muldoon and drafts Joe to take her swimming in a neighbor\'s pool when she hears he has marijuana. The police shut down the party, and Hubbs and Jill locate Joe and Lanie next door, where they continue to party until the owner chases them out. Lanie is smitten with Hubbs\' aggressive nature, much to Joe\'s chagrin, and the two walk upstairs for sex. Downstairs, Jill and Joe try to navigate a tenuous chemistry, but Jill storms out to the beach. Having lost their beer to the police, Tack and the others raid a liquor warehouse for beer, and head for the house. Joe and Jill partially reconcile but return to find Tack and the Guzzlers converging on the home. A fight breaks out between Joe and Tack and Jill runs inside, eventually letting Joe back in and locking the door. After getting stoned, Hubbs tells Joe he\'s arranged for Lanie to give him fellatio as a "birthday present." Joe finds that Lanie asleep, covers her up, and walks out; he finds Hubbs with Jill making out on the couch; Joe is upset but learns that Jill was the instigator. They are interrupted when Crump\'s Brother arrives outside and begins to break down the door. They flee to the kitchen but shortly afterwards, they hear the commotion dying out; Jill\'s father, Warren  has returned from a college reunion and beaten the entire crowd of kids—including Crump\'s Brother—to unconsciousness with great ease. He holds Joe and Hubbs hostage awaiting the arrival of the police, but eventually, a condescending lecture provokes a fight and Joe and Hubbs dramatically escape just ahead of the police. Jill, enamored with Joe, gives him her full name and geographical location  so he can look her up later. The police arrest the entire crew of drunken teenagers, and Joe and Hubbs escape in the "Blue Torpedo." Hubbs jocularly chides Joe for his apparent cowardice in moving on Lanie and Jill, and dismisses Jill as a viable partner. Joe, no longer tolerant of Hubb\'s attitude, wrestles a surprised Hubbs into submission while driving and forces him to capitulate that Jill is "cool." Joe then places the Blue Öyster Cult 8-track tape into the deck and plays "Don\'t Fear the Reaper." The song plays as the Blue Torpedo drives off through the night. Following the credits, Joe and Hubbs are offered Blue Öyster Cult concert t-shirts outside a convenience store by two men, but Joe refuses because the shirts are bootlegs, and not official. The scalpers are played by actual Blue Öyster Cult band members Eric Bloom and Donald "Buck Dharma" Roeser.'] ['Ali G  is the leader of Da West Staines Massiv, a fictional gang composed of a group of wannabe gangsters from Staines ; their chief rivals are Da East Staines Massiv. Ali and Da West Staines Massiv are heartbroken to learn that their beloved local leisure centre  will be demolished by the local council. Ali and his friends decide to protest this injustice. After he goes on a hunger strike and is spotted chained to some railings by the nefarious Chancellor of the Exchequer/Deputy Prime Minister David Carlton , he is drawn into a world of seedy political intrigue, as the Deputy Prime Minister tries to use Ali as a tool to destroy the Prime Minister\'s credibility. Ali is put forward as a candidate to be the next MP for Staines in a crucial by-election and manages to alienate most who cross his path, including feminists and the elderly. During a debate with his rival candidate, Ali tries to insult his rival by claiming that he "sucked off a horse". Unknown to Ali and the public, it turns out that the rival did indeed do such a thing, and trying to explain it away, he claims when he was out hunting with a friend he slipped, and his mouth landed on a horse\'s penis, which due to the mating season was erect. Ali then wins. Although originally seeming out of his depth as a Member of Parliament, Ali\'s bizarre behaviour and solutions seem to actually work. He visits a Customs checkpoint in Dover, as a delegate compiling a report . Through ideas such as making more "relatable" education and selectively ensuring the immigration of attractive  women into the UK, Ali becomes incredibly popular, meeting the Prime Minister\'s intentions and bringing his percentage lead in the polls up twenty two percent. With this the Prime Minister offers to save Ali\'s leisure centre. First though, Ali accompanies the Prime Minister to a United Nations peace conference to avert war between the French-speaking African nations of Chad and Burkina Faso. The United States and Russia back opposite countries and both threaten nuclear attacks. It gets to the point where World War III is almost declared when Ali sneaks into the catering area and puts an entire bag of marijuana, which he had stolen from Customs earlier, into the delegates\' tea and orders that they be served it right away. He throws the empty bag into a nearby rubbish bin. A side-effect is that the two opposing African presidents become allies . The Prime Minister says that Ali has saved the world. However, Carlton\'s secretary Kate Hedges figures out what Ali has done and retrieves the empty marijuana bag , which she mails to the press. Upon his return to the UK, Ali is forced to leave parliament. Before the Leisure Centre can be saved, a video emerges of Ali and his girlfriend having sex in the Prime Minister\'s bedroom at Chequers. As Ali was wearing items of the Prime Minister\'s clothing at the time, the media believe the video details the Prime Minister with a prostitute, forcing his resignation. This results in Deputy Prime Minister David Carlton being made Prime Minister. Carlton, who despises Ali, orders the destruction of the aforementioned leisure centre. He has also bought all available real estate in Staines in the knowledge that the town is to be destroyed to make way for a new terminal for Heathrow Airport, which will make him super wealthy. After turning down an offer to have sex with Kate Hedges, in exchange for "keeping his mouth shut" about the videotape, Ali and the West Staines Massiv must race against time to find the master copy of the CCTV tape proving the former Prime Minister\'s innocence, extending the olive branch to all the gangs all over Staines and neighbouring Berkshire  to help them break into the vaults and retrieve the said tape. They do this successfully and manage to reinstate the original Prime Minister, save the Leisure Centre, and all live happily ever after when Ali is posted as the British ambassador to Jamaica. Staines is saved from destruction, with the reinstated Prime Minister declaring that Slough is to be destroyed instead. This film features one of Baron Cohen\'s other character, Borat Sagdiyev, in a meeting with Ali G, where a double was used for different shots.'] ['Peter Hadley  is an overachieving medical student at UCLA. Peter earns failing grades from his professor, who is also his father  and unable to graduate he becomes bitter and disillusioned. He then meets up with the free spirited Bogart . The two of them go back to her apartment after a night of drinking and have casual sex. Afterwards she gets up to go for a drive and asks Peter if he\'d like to come, to which he agrees. The two of them drive northwards through the night and Peter eventually falls asleep. When he wakes up, he finds that Bogart has driven him all the way to Humboldt County. It is here that he meets her family. Jack  and Rosie  took her in when her family abandoned her, and they became her surrogate parents. He also meets Max ([[Chris Messina , Jack and Rosie\'s son and Charity , Max\'s daughter. After an uncomfortable night in which Peter finds out that they are all involved in farming pot, he finally manages to go to sleep. He is woken up in the morning by Max, who plays a prank on him which involved pretending to be shot and having a fake blood-covered Charity pretend to be dying. When he gets dressed, he finds out that Bogart has left. Stranded and unwilling to call his father for help, Peter\'s only choice is to take the bus, which won\'t come for another day. Max enlists him to help him with his marijuana crop, to which Peter reluctantly complies. After a day of working on some irrigation problems, they relax back at Jack and Rosie\'s. Bob and Steve , friends of Max arrive bloodied and dirty. Some local hicks found their garden, roughed them both up and stole their plants. The next day, Peter helps Max again with his plants. He becomes so focused on it that he misses the bus again. It is after this that he begins to bond with Max and the rest of his family. He quickly falls in love with the place and stops trying to leave, developing feelings similar to Stockholm Syndrome. He begins to understand empathy and love . When Jack asks him what he plans to do after this, Peter is stunned to realize that he\'d never thought that there would be an "after this". His sudden fear that he\'d never leave is furthered by a conversation that he has with Bob and Steve in a bar. Steve explains that almost everyone who is in Humboldt County now came there from somewhere else and never left, including Jack and Rosie. He also reveals that he was in Peter\'s shoes a few years earlier; he was a student at Stanford and followed a girl here and never left. When Peter doubts that their scenarios were the same, Steve also mentions that the girl he followed was Bogart. When they get up to leave, Bob refuses because he sees the guys that stole their plants sitting at a table behind them. While he and Steve argue about whether or not he\'s actually going to say something, Peter drunkenly walks over and confronts them. He then throws his drink in one of their faces and they all run out of the bar with the hicks in pursuit. They get away and are walking through the woods, laughing about what Peter had just done when Steve says that he wants to show them something. He takes them up to an unfamiliar area of the woods where there is a massive plantation, at least fifty plants. Steve and Bob start to steal a couple because they figured that no one would notice. At this time, Peter notices a sleeping bag on the ground just seconds before someone fires a shotgun at them. As they run away, Peter stops and looks back and sees that the person chasing them is Max. It\'s revealed that this is his secret garden. Max is angry and feels betrayed that he caught Peter stealing his plants and he yells at him to leave. When Peter gets back to Jack\'s, Jack confronts him and asks him how many plants Max has. At first, he is hesitant to answer, so Jack takes him out on a nature walk and explains to him the dangers of having more than a few plants. He believes that by growing only twenty plants, he makes enough to get by and keeps from attracting the fed\'s attention. He warns Peter against letting greed run his life, because doing so destroys the entire reason they came out to the lost coast in the first place. After this, he goes to Max\'s house and asks him why he didn\'t tell him about the other plants. It\'s at this time that a federal police cruiser comes by and arrests Peter and Max. Peter is interrogated, but he reveals nothing and they are let go. Afterwards Peter starts to question why he is still there. The next day, Jack has a BBQ. He confronts Max about his secret crop. Without answering his question, Max instead mocks Jack, saying that the feds are probably there for all of the research that Jack has been doing all of these years. Jack angrily storms off and Rosie reveals to Peter that Jack isn\'t Max\'s father. Jack, Rosie and her then-husband, Charlie were all friends when they worked as professors at UCLA and they decided to move to Humboldt County together. However, eventually Charlie, who had been a long time alcoholic and drinking buddy of Jack\'s, died in a car accident while suffering from an episode of extreme alcohol withdrawal. Peter decides that he can\'t be a part of Max\'s operation any more and he tries to leave. Max gets angry and tells him that this isn\'t a game and he can\'t back out, but Peter starts walking away anyway. Max then starts to cry and tells Peter that if he doesn\'t pull this off, Charity will end up just like him. While this affects Peter greatly, he still continues to walk off. Charity then finds Peter crying by a tree and asks him what\'s wrong. He asks her what she wants to be when she grows up and she says an astronaut. When she asks him what he wants to be, he says that he no longer knows, and she says that that\'s all right, which comforts Peter. The next day, Peter\'s father shows up at the house, using Star-69 and MapQuest he managed to find where Peter was. After a brief visit with Jack and Rosie, where he is greatly put off to find that this is where his son has been all this time, he tells Peter that they\'re leaving, and Peter reluctantly goes with him despite his new-found bond with Jack and Rosie. As they\'re driving, his father tells Peter that he decided to pass him, but this news doesn\'t affect Peter much. He then sees Bob and Steve speeding down the road in the opposite direction, followed by Max and then by a federal helicopter. Peter realizes that they must have found Max\'s secret crop and are on their way to raid it. He gets out of the car and tells his father to head for the beach  and he runs off to stop Max from trying to save his crop. Peter\'s father gets to the beach, where he finds Jack along with all of the other local pot farmers. He informs him that Peter took off. Jack hadn\'t seen Max anywhere and he connected the dots and headed off towards Max\'s crop. When Peter gets there, he finds Max trying to save as many of his plants before the DEA gets there and Peter begins to help. Then the feds show up and Peter and Max narrowly manage to hide themselves. Then Jack shows up and leads them both back to the beach, where Charity happily reunites with Max. Peter says that he\'s sorry to Max for his loss and Max tells him not to take it so seriously. That night, Max is at the bar drowning his sorrows when his drunken behavior gets him kicked out. He is then seen driving down the highway and laughing to himself. The scene then cuts to the next day when a sheriff shows up at Jack and Rosie\'s and informs them that Max is dead. They then call Peter, who is staying at a hotel with his father, and tell him. He attends the funeral and afterwards finds Jack in his study, weeping to himself. Jack is ridden with guilt, he says that it was his idea to come up there and he blames himself for the death of Charlie and now Max. He breaks down saying that he has nothing left, but Peter then tells him that has so much left and that he had not yet reached the event horizon . The ending is left up to the viewer for interpretation. It shows Peter and his father having breakfast at a diner before leaving back for Los Angeles. A bus then pulls up outside as one of the passengers needs to use the bathroom. Peter then gets up – his father apparently assuming he is going to the bathroom – and heads outside and gets on the bus, which then leaves when the other passenger gets back.'] [' Investment banker Harold Lee  is persuaded by his colleagues Billy and JD to do their work as they leave for the weekend. Elsewhere, Kumar Patel  attends a medical school interview at the behest of his father but intentionally botches it to avoid gaining a place. Arriving home, Harold meets his neighbor Maria  but is unable to admit his feelings for her. After smoking marijuana with Kumar and seeing an advertisement for White Castle, the pair decide to get hamburgers to satisfy their hunger. Traveling to the location of the nearest White Castle, the pair find it has been replaced by "Burger Shack" but are informed that there is another White Castle in Cherry Hill. When Kumar begins to become sober, he suggests stopping at Princeton University to buy marijuana. Kumar buys marijuana from a student named Bradley  while Harold deals with the attention of Korean students admirable of his job. After smoking more marijuana together, Harold and Kumar are discovered by a campus security guard and forced to flee, losing their bag of marijuana. While the guards chase the pair, they discover Bradley\'s own marijuana and have him arrested. Harold and Kumar resume their drive, and Kumar pulls over to urinate. He leaves the car door open, allowing a raccoon to sneak in. It bites Harold, who convinces Kumar to take him to a hospital where Kumar\'s father and brother work. Kumar steals ID badges from his father and brother to obtain medical marijuana, but is mistaken for his brother and forced to perform surgery on a gunshot victim. After Kumar treats the man\'s wounds almost effortlessly, the patient tells them how to reach White Castle and the duo continues their quest. On the road, Kumar spots Maria. He decides to get her attention so Harold can talk to her, but Harold panics and presses the accelerator, causing the car to crash into a ditch. They are rescued by Randy, a heavily-disfigured tow-truck driver nicknamed "Freakshow" . He takes them to his house to repair their car and says that they can make themselves at home and have sex with his wife. Harold and Kumar are propositioned by Freakshow\'s wife  but after Freakshow suggests a foursome, Harold and Kumar flee. Noticing a hitchhiker along the road, Kumar decides to stop and pick him up. The hitchhiker is Neil Patrick Harris, who is high on ecstasy. When Harold and Kumar head into a convenience store to get directions, Harris drives away in Harold\'s car. Attempting to hit Kumar in anger, Harold accidentally punches a racist police officer and is arrested. In jail, Harold sees Bradley being released and his stash confiscated. Kumar fakes a 911 call to draw the police away before breaking into the station to free Harold. As the police return, Harold and Kumar again flee, taking Bradley\'s stash. The pair encounter an escaped cheetah and, after smoking marijuana with it, ride it. Harold and Kumar find a hot dog restaurant and see their neighbors Goldstein  and Rosenberg  eating hot dogs and looking happy. Harold decides he wants the feeling of satisfaction from achieving their goal. After encountering a group of sport punks who routinely harass the pair, Harold and Kumar steal their truck. A police officer spots the speeding truck and gives pursuit. They briefly elude the officer but become trapped at the edge of a cliff. Spotting the White Castle below, Harold and Kumar use a hang glider from the truck to reach their destination. The pair place their orders but find they have no money. Harris appears, apologizes for his actions and provides them with cash for their meal and for repairs to Harold\'s car. Kumar realizes he wants to be a doctor, but is afraid of conforming to the stereotype of Indians becoming doctors. As Kumar is talking Harold notices his co-workers pull up with two women and becomes angry because they said they had to work with clients that night but in reality were out partying. He confronts them for leaving their work to him, and threatens to get them fired and humiliated if it happens again. After returning to their apartment building they encounter Maria in the hallway, waiting for the elevator. Harold professes his love for her and they kiss. She informs Harold that she is leaving to visit Amsterdam but that they will talk when she returns ten days later. Kumar convinces Harold to go with him to Amsterdam to pursue Maria, reminding him that marijuana is legal in the Netherlands.'] ["A group of young drug dealers lose $30,000 to an addict and plot revenge by scheming to kidnap the addict's teenage brother. Maverick Entertainment The plot drew comparisons to the 2006 film Alpha Dog, which based on the true story of the 2000 kidnapping and murder of Nicholas Markowitz by Jesse James Hollywood. Kush takes place in a similar location , but focuses on the drug dealer who makes a terrible mistake; the kidnapped teen is more a background character. In Kush, the sympathetic characters are Dusty, the young but polished leader of the crew who avoids trouble; and Christian, the drug dealer's son who is trying to grow up too fast."] ["A random drug test coincides with a high school valedictorian's first hit of pot — with his college scholarship at stake, he enlists the school's biggest stoner to help nullify the results of the screening... by getting the entire student body high.Sundance Review: High School Film School Rejects. 29 January 2010"] ['Richard , an American college student in Thailand for the summer, goes to Southeast Asia with the intention of experiencing something radically different from his familiar life. He meets Daffy , a Scottish traveler who is crazy and rants on about a beach paradise on a secret island and the parasites of civilization. Daffy later commits suicide but leaves Richard a map to the island, convincing him that it exists. Richard meets Françoise  and her boyfriend, Étienne , and persuades them to accompany him to the island, partly out of an infatuation for Françoise. They travel from Bangkok to the shores of Koh Samui in the Gulf of Thailand, where Richard befriends a pair of American surfers. They talk excitedly about the myth of the beach and how it has an almost unlimited supply of marijuana. Richard does not admit his knowledge, but copies his map and slides it under their door the next morning. To finally reach the island, Richard, Françoise and Étienne must swim across to it. When they first arrive on the island, they come across an enormous marijuana plantation guarded by local farmers armed with AK-47 assault rifles. They manage to evade detection. After jumping off a high cliff and landing in a lake below, they are seen by Keaty , who takes them to the beach community. They are cautiously interrogated by the island\'s leader Sal  regarding their knowledge of the island, but are accepted. The trio are introduced to everybody and over the next few days go on to become integrated into the community. One night while Richard and Françoise are walking down the beach, she tells him that she is falling in love with him. They swim out into the ocean to look at a swarm of bioluminescent plankton, where Françoise kisses Richard and has sex with him on the beach. Despite their attempts to keep the romance a secret, the whole island finds out about it, including Étienne. Although devastated, Étienne says he will not stand in their way if Francoise is happier with Richard. At first the island and its community seem to live up to their idyllic reputation. Richard swims out into the ocean to catch fish with a harpoon and is attacked by a young mako shark, but he stabs it to death with a knife, which gains him much admiration. Events take a turn for the worse when Richard is chosen to accompany Sal to the mainland to acquire supplies, where Richard is inadvertently reunited with the American surfers who are preparing to go to the beach with two girls. Sal overhears their conversation about the copy of the map and confronts Richard, who admits his guilt. In exchange for Sal\'s silence and Richard\'s return to the island, Sal blackmails Richard into having sex with her that night. When they return to the island, everything returns to normal until the Swedish fishermen Sten  and Christo  are attacked by a shark while fishing in the ocean. Sten dies almost immediately and Christo is severely injured. The only options for Christo are to go to the mainland to get medical help or stay on the island and take his chances. Christo chooses to stay, not wanting to go near the water after his encounter with the shark, but Sal refuses to allow a doctor to come to the island. Christo\'s condition worsens, consistently lowering the morale of the whole community, so they take him out into the middle of the jungle and leave him to die. However, Étienne, disgusted by the group\'s decision, vows to stay with Christo. Later, Sal observes the American surfers on the neighbouring island and assigns Richard the task of watching them so he can obtain the map and destroy it. While he is waiting for the surfers to arrive, Françoise shows up, furious and heartbroken, saying that Sal has told everybody about her affair with Richard at Koh Phangan. Richard cannot cope with his task and retreats into the forest where he becomes temporarily insane, believing that he is communing with the long-dead Daffy, and by this point declaiming  "the longer I\'m away from the others, the less I miss them". He evades the other islanders and sets lethal traps in an attempt to keep them at bay, at times hallucinating that he is a character in a video game. Meanwhile, the surfers reach the island but are discovered and killed by the marijuana farmers before they can get to the beach. Richard witnesses their executions and retreats to the community to convince Étienne and Françoise to leave the island, believing that all their lives are now in danger. Étienne refuses, not wanting to leave the emaciated Christo, whose leg has become gangrenous. When the other two briefly leave the tent, Richard tearfully smothers Christo to death in a mercy killing to put him out of his misery. When he leaves the tent however, he is struck across the face by a farmer and knocked unconscious. {{Quote box | quoted  width: 22em; margin: 0.5em 0 0.5em 1em; padding: 0.2em; | quote  center | source Differences from the novel As well as minor differences, the major ones are that Richard is British and Sal is American in the novel. Richard\'s obsession with War and video games is explained a bit more in the novel. He never sleeps with Françoise despite having feelings for her, which he thinks are reciprocated, saying that he considers Étienne a good guy and would not want to do that to him. He also never sleeps with Sal, nor is it Sal who accompanies him to the mainland for supplies, but rather a character called Jed who does not appear in the film, who in the book is the person who leads Richard, Etienne and Françoise to the community, not Keaty. The ending is different, with Richard and a handful of others attempting to escape from the now crumbling community. In the epilogue, after their successful escape, they move into their respective lives. Richard loses touch with Étienne and Françoise yet finds it hard to be totally freed of the effects of his experiences in that "parallel universe".'] ['After getting a restraining order from Randal Graves  for selling drugs  and constant harassment, Jay and Silent Bob  find out from Brodie ([[Jason Lee  that Bluntman and Chronic, the comic book based on their likenesses, has been adapted into a film in production by Miramax Films. In response, the two visit Holden McNeil , who was one of the writers of Bluntman and Chronic, and demand that he give them the royalties of the film. However, Holden tells Jay and Silent Bob that he sold his part of the creative and publishing rights of the comic over to his former friend Banky Edwards (also played by [[Jason Lee . Upon learning of the movie, as well as the negative reaction the movie has received so far on the Internet, the two set out on a quest to Hollywood, to prevent the movie from being made and tainting their image, or at the very least receive the money from the royalties owed to them. On the way, they befriend an animal liberation group, consisting of four women: Justice , Sissy , Missy , and Chrissy ; and one man, Brent , who they had picked up for the cause. It is revealed that the organization is a front; Brent is a patsy, intended as a diversion by freeing an animal from a testing laboratory while the girls rob a diamond depository nearby. Jay tricks Brent and throws him out of the van in order to get closer to Justice, the most compassionate of the women and the one with whom he finds himself smitten. Justice, who quickly becomes close to Jay and Silent Bob , reluctantly accepts the two as the new patsies. While the girls are robbing the diamond depository they accidentally set off the alarm, prompting them to break the glass and steal the diamonds. While this is going on Jay and Silent Bob free the animals and take an orangutan named Suzanne with them. They escape outside to see the police arriving and the van exploding, which they believe has killed the girls, including Justice, to the dismay of Jay. Jay then takes the orangutan with him as a memorial to Justice. Quickly afterwards, Federal Wildlife Marshal Willenholly  shows up at the scene. Blinded to the diamond heist, he claims to have jurisdiction because of the large number of animals that escaped. He learns that all the animals have been recovered except for the orangutan. The officers then find and watch footage of a video Sissy recorded of Jay making remarks of "the clit" and that he\'s "the Clit commander." Jay, however, was unaware that CLIT is an acronym for Coalition for the Liberation of Itinerant Tree-Dwellers, the name of the organization that Justice is a part of. Willenholly blindly finds this as an act of terrorism and calls for police support to hunt down what he considered "the two most dangerous men on the planet." When the officers later have the trio cornered inside a diner and threaten to open fire, Jay and Silent Bob dress the orangutan as a child and walk out, claiming that they want to get their "son" out of the danger zone. Marshal Willenholly, thinking about the political repercussions of an alternate-lifestyle family, decides to let them leave, but he quickly realizes his mistake and resumes the chase. When they jump into a sewer system, only Willenholly himself follows them while the other police officers, led by the Sheriff , leave him, and he is soon tricked into jumping off of a dam. Having escaped the law, Jay and Silent Bob once again return to their quest to reach Hollywood only to have Suzanne taken by a Hollywood animal acting agency car. Now on a quest to get their ape back and to clear their names, the two once again embark to Hollywood. On their arrival in Hollywood, the two find themselves in the background of a E! News newscast  that Justice is watching. While Justice takes the diamonds and goes to Hollywood to set things right, Marshal Willenholly learns of their mission to reach Hollywood and leaves to find them. After a long chase with studio security and reclaiming Suzanne from a fictional Scream 4 in production, Jay and Silent Bob end up in Jason Biggs and James Van Der Beek\'s dressing room, where they quickly realize that these are the actors that will play the roles of Bluntman and Chronic, next to Jay and Silent Bob. Suzanne beats both of them up effortlessly and Jay and Silent Bob assume the roles of their characters, Bluntman and Chronic. Being forced into their costumes and thrown on stage with a racist director , they must engage in a duel with Mark Hamill playing a comic-book super-villain called Cock-Knocker, eventually taking a break from the scene when Willenholly interrupts to capture Jay and Silent Bob. Justice arrives on the scene, much to the surprise of Jay and Silent Bob. Justice tells them that the CLIT organization was not real and that the two were used as a distraction for the robbing of the jewels. Justice also admits that she, along with Missy, Sissy and Chrissy, were in fact jewel thieves. As Justice\'s former jewel thief team arrives, a climactic final battle ensues, after which Jay and Silent Bob get their royalties to the film, and Justice turns herself and her former team in to Willenholly in exchange for a shorter sentence and letting Jay and Silent Bob go. The film ends with Jay and Silent Bob spending their royalty money on airplane tickets to find everybody who expressed negative opinions about the movie and characters, ranging from kids to clergy, and traveling to their towns to beat them up. The scene then cuts to everyone leaving a movie theater, having just watched the Bluntman and Chronic movie and expressing negative reception: Hooper X calls the movie a "one 90-minute-long gay joke." Jay and Silent Bob, with most of the cast, then go across the street to enjoy a performance from Morris Day and The Time. After the credits, God  closes the View Askewniverse book that still has pages left in it.'] ['The protagonists are two freewheeling hippies: Wyatt , nicknamed "Captain America", and Billy . Fonda and Hopper said that these characters\' names refer to Wyatt Earp and Billy the Kid.<ref nameMarch 2011}} was a spiritual failure. The next morning, the two are continuing their trip to Florida  when two rednecks in a pickup truck spot them and decide to "scare the hell out of them" with their shotgun. As they pull alongside Billy, one of the men lazily aims the shotgun at him and threatens and insults him by saying, "Want me to blow your brains out?" and "Why don\'t you get a haircut?" When Billy flips his middle finger up at them, the hillbilly fires the shotgun at Billy, who immediately hits the pavement, seriously wounded in the side. As the truck then takes off past Wyatt down the road, Wyatt turns around and races back to put his jacket over his fatally injured friend, who is already covered in blood, before riding off for help. But by this time, the same pickup truck has turned around and closes on Wyatt. Not wanting any witnesses to report them to the police, the hillbilly fires at Wyatt as he speeds by the pickup, hitting the bike\'s gas tank and causing it to instantly erupt into a fiery explosion. Wyatt lands by the side of the road, dead. As the murderous rednecks drive away, the film ends with a shot of the flaming bike in the middle of the deserted road, as the camera ascends to the sky.'] ['Jeff "The Dude" Lebowski returns home only to be roughed up by two thugs claiming to be collecting money that Lebowski\'s wife owes a man named Jackie Treehorn. After beating him and urinating on his rug, they realize they are looking for a different person with the same name, and they leave. The Dude discusses the situation with his bowling friends, the timid Donny  and the aggressive Walter . At the instigation of Walter, The Dude decides to seek compensation for the rug from the other Jeffrey Lebowski. The next day, the titular "Big" Lebowski, a wheelchair-bound millionaire, refuses The Dude\'s request. The Dude meets Bunny Lebowski , the Big Lebowski\'s nymphomaniac trophy wife, while leaving the premises with a rug taken from the mansion. Days later, the Big Lebowski contacts The Dude, revealing that Bunny has been kidnapped. He asks The Dude to act as a courier for the million-dollar ransom because The Dude will be able to confirm whether or not the kidnappers were the same thugs. Later, a different set of thugs enter The Dude\'s apartment, knock him unconscious, and steal his new rug. When Bunny\'s kidnappers call to arrange the ransom exchange, Walter tries to convince The Dude to keep the money and give the kidnappers a "ringer" suitcase filled with his dirty underwear. The kidnappers escape with the ringer, and The Dude and Walter are left with the million-dollar ransom. Later that night, The Dude\'s car is stolen, along with the briefcase filled with money. The Dude receives a message from the Big Lebowski\'s daughter, Maude, who admits to hiring the criminals who knocked him unconscious. The Dude visits her at her art studio, and she reveals that Bunny is a porn starlet working for Jackie Treehorn. She agrees with The Dude\'s suspicion that Bunny kidnapped herself and asks The Dude to recover the ransom, as it was illegally withdrawn by her father from a charity. The Big Lebowski angrily confronts The Dude over his failure to hand over the money, and hands The Dude an envelope sent to him by the kidnappers which contains a severed toe, presumably Bunny\'s. The Dude later receives a message that his car has been found. Mid-message, three German nihilists invade the Dude\'s apartment, identifying themselves as the kidnappers. They interrogate and threaten him for the ransom money. The Dude returns to Maude\'s studio, where she identifies the German nihilists as Bunny\'s friends. The Dude picks up his car from the police, but the briefcase with the ransom money is still missing. He and Walter track down the supposed thief, a teenager named Larry Sellers. Their confrontation with Larry is unsuccessful, and the Dude and Walter leave without getting any money or information. Jackie Treehorn\'s thugs return to The Dude\'s apartment to bring him to Treehorn\'s beach house in Malibu. Treehorn inquires about the whereabouts of Bunny, and the money, offering him a cut of any funds recovered. Treehorn then drugs The Dude\'s drink and The Dude passes out. After a surreal dream blending the themes of bowling, the Persian Gulf War, Maude’s “vaginal” art, and the nihilists, The Dude wakes up in a police car and is then placed in front of the police chief of Malibu. The police chief verbally and physically assaults The Dude and warns him not to return to Malibu. After a cab ride home, The Dude exits and a red sportscar zooms past. Bunny is driving, with all ten toes intact. The Dude is greeted by Maude Lebowski, who seduces him. During post-coital conversation with Maude, The Dude learns that she hopes to conceive a child with him but wants him to have no hand in the child\'s upbringing. He also finds out that, despite appearances, her father has no money of his own. Maude\'s late mother was the rich one, and she left her money exclusively to the family charity. In a flash, The Dude unravels the whole scheme: when the Big Lebowski heard that Bunny was kidnapped, he used it as a pretense for an embezzlement scheme, in which he withdrew the ransom money from the family charity to keep for himself. He gave an empty briefcase to The Dude , and was content to let the kidnappers kill Bunny. Meanwhile, it is now clear that the kidnapping was itself a ruse. While Bunny took an unannounced trip, the nihilists  alleged a kidnapping in order to get money from her husband. The Dude and Walter arrive at the Big Lebowski residence, finding Bunny back at home from her trip. They confront the Big Lebowski with their version of the events. The affair apparently over, The Dude and his bowling teammates are suddenly confronted by the nihilists, who have set The Dude\'s car on fire. They once again demand the million dollars. After hearing what The Dude and Walter know, the nihilists demand all the money in their pockets. Walter responds by throwing a bowling ball one nihilist\'s ribs, biting another\'s ear off, and knocking the final nihilist unconscious with their portable radio. However, in the aftermath, the Dude\'s timid bowling companion Donny has a heart attack and dies. Walter and The Dude go to a cliff overlooking a beach to scatter Donny\'s ashes. After an informal eulogy which Walter turns into a tribute to the Vietnam War and accidentally covers The Dude with Donny\'s ashes, Walter suggests, "Fuck it, Dude. Let\'s go bowling." The movie ends back at the bowling alley where "The Stranger" , a narrator seen sitting at the bar, speaks to the camera and hints to the audience that Maude may be pregnant with a "little Lebowski".'] ["{{Expand section}} When their kingpin is murdered, bungling small-fry marijuana harvesters in Northern California try to keep the business running, negotiating the biggest sale ever and keeping his death a secret. But when silent partners, the Mafia, the police, and other meddlers crash the party, they begin to realize they're in over their heads."] ['Peter Gaulke is the host of an unsuccessful nature program called Strange Wilderness. When the show is threatened with cancellation, he goes in search of the elusive bigfoot in order to restore ratings.'] ['In the town of Kickapoo, Missouri, a young Jack Black  is punished by his strictly religious father  for playing rock music. While shut in his room, JB asks for guidance from his poster of Ronnie James Dio, who springs to life and tells him to go to Hollywood on a quest to form the world\'s most awesome rock band. After years of traveling to every other city named Hollywood in the United States, a fullgrown Jables meets acoustic guitarist Kyle Gass  who is performing on the street in L.A., and begins to look up to him because of his skills and attitude. While KG at first spurns JB, tossing his pick at him, he later pretends to save JB from a Clockwork Orange-esque gang that beat him up that night and takes him back to his apartment, where he pretends to be famous with a self-named band "The Kyle Gass Project." Kage exploits Jables by making him cleaning the apartment and buy KG marijuana with the promise of an audition for the fictitious Kyle Gass Project. JB eventually learns that KG is actually unemployed, bald, and living off rent checks from his mother . However, the two become equal when Kage reveals he used the last of his rent money to buy JB a brand-new guitar embossed with his initials. Vowing to help his new friend, JB and KG create their own band: Tenacious D, named for birthmarks found on their buttocks . Soon JB and KG learn the deepest secret of rock: all the rock legends used the same guitar pick. While at a guitar shop, they learn from the manager  that it is called "The Pick of Destiny" and was created by a dark wizard who had once summoned Satan from the depths of Hell to battle him. A blacksmith heard the commotion and knocked out one of the demon\'s teeth. The wizard took advantage of Satan\'s "incompleteness" and banished him back to his fiery realm. As a gift to the blacksmith for saving his life, the wizard formed a guitar pick from a piece of Satan\'s tooth, so that the blacksmith could win the affection of the woman he loved. The pick gives its holder "supranatural" abilities with stringed instruments . Infatuated by the prospect of becoming the next great rock star, JB immediately sets Tenacious D on a quest to steal the Pick of Destiny from a rock history museum. Along the way, the band briefly splits up when, invited by some co-eds to perform at a party, KG decides that sex comes first in "sex, drugs and rock \'n\' roll", while JB wants to stick to the mission at hand. The duo is reunited after KG\'s solo performance at the party results in failure and JB has a mushroom-induced hallucinogen experience in which he encounters Sasquatch and cavorts with him through the forest  e.g. going for a dip in the strawberry river: going down the rapids of a river. The two manage to steal the Pick of Destiny due to the incompetent security guards at the rock museum. Armed with this \'supranatural\' pick, they plan to use the winnings from a local bar\'s talent contest to pay their rent, but before they can go on stage, greed overcomes them, and they fight over the pick, accidentally snapping it in half. After a pep-talk from the open mic night host, they decide they are good enough to go onto the contest without the pick, not knowing that the host is actually Satan in human form, who repairs and reattaches his missing tooth. Coming back outside , they are confronted by Satan , who is now "complete". To save their lives, Tenacious D challenges Satan to a "rock-off", which he is forced to accept according to the "Demon Code", terms being that he returns to Hell and pays their rent if Tenacious D wins and takes KG as his sex slave if they lose. While JB and KG perform admirably, ultimately they lose and Satan attempts to shoot KG with a bolt of lightning. JB jumps in the way, and the bolt bounces off of the mother of pearl inlays in his guitar, blowing off a piece of Satan\'s horn. JB is able to exploit Satan\'s "incompleteness" in order to banish him back to Hell, with the devil screaming his vow of vengeance on Tenacious D. Though the two forgot how to play what may be "The Greatest Song in the World", the two turn Satan\'s horn into the "Bong of Destiny". From there they smoke it, whilst Jack begins to sing the film\'s title song as the closing credits roll. In a post-credits scene, Tenacious D attempts to write yet another masterpiece, but they only manage to record KG\'s flatulence.'] ["The film takes place in a small suburban town in North Carolina in 1999. It's the last day of school and kids just want to have fun. That, at least, is the plan."] ['Josh  and Tiffany  were long time friends who became high school sweethearts, but they both had to face a long distance relationship when Josh enrolls at University of Ithaca and Tiffany enrolls at the University of Austin. Despite the distance apart, they make a promise to be true to each other and call each other every day. When Tiffany doesn\'t call Josh, nor answer Josh\'s calls, Josh is worryied that Tiffany is seeing another man . To show that he is still in love with her, he makes a daily recorded video blog to her. During Josh\'s last blog, his friends Rubin Carver  and Barry Manilow  barge into the video. Barry then keeps checking on Rubin\'s snake, Mitch, urging Rubin to over-feed Mitch. Josh tells Rubin to mail in his blog tape to Tiffany before leaving for class. In class, Josh is flunking Ancient Philosophy and needs a B+ on his mid-term to pass the semester. Josh thinks that he will flunk anyway. Still worrying about Tiffany, Josh\'s friend E.L.  encourages Josh to move on to another woman, such as Josh\'s friend Beth  at his party. Jacob,  the teacher\'s assistant, has a huge crush on Beth and she even knows that Josh likes her. Unbeknownst to Josh, he is being set up by Jacob to fail Ancient Philosophy. During E.L.\'s party, Josh attends and E.L. holds an auction for women, including Beth in the bid. Jacob also attends the party, too. Beth convinces Josh to outbid Jacob. But E.L. helps Josh win the bid at $26 when Jacob had $30. E.L. claimed that since Jacob was a teacher\'s assistant, his bid didn\'t count. After Josh and Beth dance, they decide to have sex. When they arrive at Josh\'s room, Beth decides to record their sex with the same camcorder that Josh uses for his video blogs to Tiffany and they start having sex. The next day, Barry sings a song called "Tiny Salmon" as Josh arrives in the room in a very jolly mood. He confesses that he had sex with Beth. His friends object and want proof. Josh attempts to play the tape but then realizes that Rubin accidentally sent the sex tape to Tiffany. Josh thens receives a voice mail from Tiffany saying that she didn\'t call him because her grandfather died and will be cleaning his house until Monday. Josh decides to go on a road trip because he doesn\'t have enough money for a plane ticket. So Josh and E.L. get Kyle  to come along for his car. Kyle is a compulsive worrier who lives in constant fear of his overly strict father, Earl Edwards. So Josh, E.L., Rubin, and Kyle try to head to Austin, Texas for 1,800 miles in less than three days and leave Barry to take care of Mitch. While Barry is taking care of Mitch, Beth asks him where Josh is. Barry tells her that Josh went to his Tiffany in Boston, in confusion with Austin. Beth then goes to the girls\' showers where everyone is naked for some advice. They suggest that she should go to Boston to tell Tiffany about the situation, which Beth does. However, the Tiffany she confronts in Boston is the wrong one. But while on the road, the group talk about loop holes and then come across a ten foot gap that they think will waste 5 hours back tracking. But they soon think that they could jump the gap. Kyle objects but they jump it anyway. They make it but the wheels fall off and the car explodes. They continue on foot and stop at a motel. Rubin tries to score marijuana off the Motel Clerk  and is informed that Kyle\'s credit card is maxed out. Meanwhile, Kyle\'s father, Earl  tries to pay for a meal with the maxed out card, but is denied service. He then begins an all-out search for Kyle when he is informed by the police that Kyle\'s car has blown up and Kyle has turned up missing. On their way to Austin, the group goes through a series of hilarious misadventures, such as Rubin successfully bluffing his way into an all-Black fraternity house at the University of Tennessee and a riotous visit with Barry\'s grandparents. Since Josh\'s books were destroyed in the explosion, he calls his professor and gets an extension on his midterm.....or so he thinks. The group finally gets to Austin and, once they get to Tiffany\'s dorm, Josh intercepts the tape he sent to Tiffany, who has just arrived back at school. Meanwhile, Earl shows up. He is enraged over what happened with the car and the credit card and threatens to take Kyle back home with him. Kyle finally gets the courage to stand up to him and states that he is going back to school with his friends. Josh and Tiffany watch the tape, which turns out to be nothing but Barry mooning for the camera. Beth has found out where the real Tiffany is and she calls to warn Josh that he has been duped by Jacob. Josh now has 48 hours to get back to school or else he will fail his midterm, fail the course, and, possibly, be kicked out of college. After they talk, Josh and Tiffany agree to break up and remain friends. Josh and his buddies head back to school and Josh arrives just in time to take his midterm – with a little help from Beth. Josh passes the course and he is now free to hook up with Beth and they make more videos together.'] ['An aging hippie goes on a road trip in search of his long lost family. He meets up with his son . Together they go off to see America. A majority of Tommy’s real life family have roles; daughter Rae Dawn and wife Shelby both have lines.'] ['Tommy Chong plays Anthony \'Man\' Stoner,Chong\'s character name is used only once. It is during the scene in which his father  berates him, and his mother  calls him "Anthony". a jobless, marijuana-smoking drummer who is told to either get a job by sundown or be sent off to military school by his parents. Anthony leaves the house in a Volkswagen Beetle convertible , a car which is subsequently left smoking on the side of the road. Anthony is picked up while hitchhiking by the equally enthusiastic smoker Pedro de Pacas . The license plate reads MUF DVR . They share a large joint, which Chong\'s character says is made with "mostly Maui wowie" and "Labrador" . Police find their car parked on a traffic median with them in it, discover that they are clearly high and arrest them. At trial, the pair are released on a technicality after the judge\'s water pitcher is discovered to be containing vodka. In an attempt to procure marijuana, they visit Pedro\'s cousin Strawberry , a Vietnam War veteran. They narrowly escape a police raid on Strawberry\'s house while Strawberry has a flashback and thinks the police are the Viet Cong, but are soon deported to Tijuana, by the INS , along with Pedro\'s relatives, who actually called the INS on themselves, so they could get a free ride to a wedding in Tijuana. In order to get back to the United States they arrange to pick up a vehicle from Pedro\'s uncle\'s upholstery shop, but arrive at the wrong address, a disguised marijuana warehouse. They end up unknowingly involved in a plot to smuggle a van constructed completely out of "fiberweed"  from Mexico to Los Angeles, with an inept police narcotics unit, led by the overly zealous Sgt. Stedenko  hot on their heels. Along the way, Pedro and Anthony pick up two women, who convince them to perform at a Battle of the Bands contest. Pedro and Man tell the women they need marijuana; the women convince them to see Gloria—a police dispatcher who sells drugs being held as evidence. Gloria informs the women she can\'t sell them any drugs as the police destroyed the evidence they were holding, but there should be some in stock soon as the police were searching all over town for a huge stash—which the police do not realize is currently sitting in the police station parking lot. They narrowly avoid arrest, at one point, after being pulled over by a police motorcyclist, but the officer gets high from the burning "fiberweed" emanating from the van\'s tailpipe, and lets them go after asking for a hot dog one of them was eating. The film concludes with the duo\'s band, Ay Les Voy , winning the contest, and a recording contract, with a performance of their song, Earache My Eye. They win after everyone, including the cops, get stoned due to a large amount of marijuana smoke from the burning van being funneled into the venue.'] ['Jesse Montgomery III  and Chester Greenburg  are two slackers who wake up at Jesse\'s house, hung over and with no memory of the day before. Their refrigerator is filled with chocolate pudding, and the answering machine contains an angry message from their twin girlfriends, Wanda  and Wilma , as to their whereabouts. They go outside only to find Jesse\'s car missing, and with it their girlfriends\' anniversary presents. This prompts Jesse to ask: "Dude, where\'s my car?" Because the twins have promised them a "special treat", which Jesse and Chester hope is sex, the men are desperate to find the car. The duo retrace their steps to discover just where they left the car. Along the way, they encounter an angry transgender stripper , a belligerent Chinese drive-thru speaker operator , discover two cool tattoos on each other\'s backs, run into a group of UFO cultists led by Zoltan , a Chinese tailor , the Zen-minded Nelson  and his cannabis-loving dog, the jock Tommy  and his musclehead friends, Tommy\'s girlfriend Christie Boner , a couple of police detectives, and an ostrich farmer named Pierre . The protagonists then meet two races of aliens, one group being five gorgeous women wearing skintight black jumpsuits , the other being a pair of Nordic men wearing workout clothes . Both groups are searching for the "Continuum Transfunctioner", a powerful device . The "Continuum Transfunctioner" is capable of destroying the universe. An Animal Planet show then provides a helpful clue, though Jesse and Chester do not know it at the time— about how animals use tools, animals \'often use sticks as crude tools\'. In an arcade, they discover that the Continuum Transfunctioner was a Rubik\'s Cube that Chester has been working hard to solve during most of the movie. When he does, it becomes activated. Once the five lights on it stop flashing, the universe will be destroyed. Jesse and Chester must figure out which of two alien groups should get the device. One group protects the universe, while the other wants to destroy it. Both claim to be the protectors and claim that they were with Jesse and Chester the previous night. The two choose the Nordic men, because when asked what the two stoners did the night before, they correctly answered that the boys got a hole-in-one at the 18th hole at a miniature golf park, winning a lifetime supply of pudding. At the last second, the Nords deactivate the Transfunctioner, saving the universe. Angry, the five alien women merge to become, what Chest calls, a "Super Hot Giant Alien" . The protectors intervene, attempting to banish her to Hoboken, New Jersey, but are knocked out. The giantess then eats Tommy before she crawls out of the amusement center and chases Jesse and Chester. The cultists tell them to activate the Photon Accelerator Annihilation Beam on the Transfunctioner. However, the button that activates it is too far in to reach. At the last second, Chester remembers the nature show with the tool-using chimps and uses a straw to push the recessed button, thus destroying the alien . The two protectors erase everyone\'s minds concerning the events and time is reversed to the beginning of the film. The events come full circle as Jesse and Chester wake up with no memory of what happened to them much like the beginning of the film. However, they recover the car , which turned out to be hidden behind a mail truck the whole time, and salvage their relationships and discover the special treat from the girls turns out to be matching knitted caps and scarves. The protectors leave a gift for their girlfriends : Breast Enhancement Necklaces. The film ends with Jesse, Chester and their girlfriends driving off in the car agruing on what the tattoes on the latter\'s backs say.'] ['{{Plot}} Timothy "Dildo/Dunph" Dunphy , is a high school senior living in Pawtucket, Rhode Island, in 1974. He hangs out with a group of friends, mainly to smoke marijuana at the water tower overlooking town. His friend, Drugs Delaney , suggests going out to a local bar called "The Edge,", which a sexually promiscuous classmate known as Bunny Cote is known to frequent. Accepting the idea, Dunph and his friends head back to his house to pick up his bong. Dunph tries to get his wheelchair-using younger brother, Jackie , to smuggle it out of the house, but they are slowed down by Dunph\'s father Pat , who insists that they all come inside and greet his poker-playing friends. While they are exchanging pleasantries, Jackie shows up with the bong wrapped in Dunph\'s jacket. The bong falls on the floor, and Pat picks it up asking what it is. Jackie tries to fool him by saying it is a horn..."a music horn". Pat\'s friend, Joey , asks Dunph to demonstrate his playing abilities. Dunph tries, but blows air, and Pat, having heard enough, lets them leave. Pat\'s friends all know what the device is, but choose not to inform on Dunph and his friends. After "The Edge", Dunph and his friends get into a car  and drive off, with a big cloud of marijuana smoke fogging up the passenger compartment. Unable to see where he is going, Dunph rear-ends the back of a marked police car, with its occupant inside. Kaveech, one of Pat\'s poker-playing friends, has influence with a local judge, and manages to negotiate a plea to keep Dunph out of reform school. He is shipped off to Cornwall Academy, a Connecticut boys\' boarding school with a segregated all-girls school nearby under the same name. As a condition of parole, Dunph must finish his senior year and graduate from Cornwall, or spend a year in jail. Though Dunph makes a sincere effort to stay out of trouble, it quickly catches up with him. The first incident is when Jack Wheeler , a preppy blonde student who comes from an obviously privileged life, introduces Dunph to Billy Fu, a middle eastern exchange student with "the best reefer on campus". The trio fashions a bong out of a 55-gallon drum hidden in a large bush, and smokes about half a bag of marijuana. Dunph later learns that Billy Fu routinely misses classes and gets away with it, because his father promises to donate a large amount of money to the school, on condition that Billy graduates. It does not take long for Dunphy to incur the wrath of Mr Funderburk , his rigid dorm master, and Dean Bill Mort, who receives a letter simply addressed to the school, but meant for Dunph\'s eyes. The letter is from Drugs Delaney, revealing Dunph\'s hatred of the school and of Funderburk, who routinely assigns "work hours" to students who misbehave. Eventually, Dunph accumulates more work hours than he has class days. Dunph also manages to make friends with Jane Weston , whom Wheeler calls "hands down, the coolest girl in school". The pair eventually develop their relationship from friendship to romance, but the relationship is brought to a screeching halt one day. This is the second part of an earlier incident when Dunph\'s room, shared by a boy named Irving , is raided by Funderburk. Wheeler\'s room is also raided. The incident bringing Dunph\'s and Jane\'s relationship to a stop occurs when Dunph, Jane, Billy Fu, Jizz and Wheeler are in Dunph\'s room smoking marijuana with a bottle of alcohol present. Wheeler excuses himself to make a phone call. Moments later, Funderburk bursts into the room, catching everyone in the act of getting high and drunk. Funderburk orders Jane out of the room just as Wheeler shows up, innocently saying he was checking to see if anyone was studying. Funderburk orders him out as well. In the midst of a morality lecture on how he intends to turn everyone in as an incentive for them not to repeat such an incident in the future, Dunph stops Funderburk in mid-sentence, telling him to "shut the fuck up". Funderburk calls Dunph outside. Dunph reveals his knowledge of the deal with Billy Fu\'s father, and if Funderburk reports everyone but Billy, Dunph will in turn, report Billy. Funderburk counters by producing the marijuana he confiscated in the earlier raid. Dunph offers Funderburk a deal, he will let himself be expelled if everyone else gets work hours. Funderburk accepts. When the boys are called to the Dean\'s office, they are surprised to learn that the only punishment was probation and work hours. Dunph eventually puts everything together and learns why: Funderburk gave him an even worse deal than they had worked out by having had Jane expelled from the school. Funderburk\'s actions also reversed her acceptance to Brown University the following year. Not long after, Dunph learns that Wheeler is accepted into Yale University by a letter of recommendation from Funderburk. Knowing that Wheeler was caught with marijuana during the first raid, Dunph concludes that Wheeler made his own deal with Funderburk to inform on everyone and have Jane expelled. Wheeler denies it, and Dunph threatens to throw Wheeler off the roof, where they are smoking marijuana one evening and Dunph reveals his knowledge of the situation. "Your life\'s gonna suck anyway," Dunph says to a visibly defeated and weak Wheeler. Dunph later makes his way into the Dean\'s office at Brown University, where he tells the Dean that he was the one responsible for Jane\'s expulsion from Cornwall, and that she was innocent of any wrongdoing. He convinces the Dean of Jane\'s innocence, which the Dean uses to influence the review board to overturn their decision to revoke Jane\'s admission. The movie ends with Dunph graduating and even publicly defying Funderburk by refusing to shake his hand as customary at graduation, with his father and Jackie coming to school to pick him up. Dunph is given an acceptance letter from Rhode Island Junior College by his father. Dunph also reveals his intention to transfer to a "senior college...where people sleep over and shit."'] ['In New York City in 1994, Luke Shapiro  is trading marijuana in exchange for therapy from his psychiatrist, Dr. Jeffery Squires . Luke graduates from high school but while dealing at a party, he finds out that everyone is going to be away for the summer except him and his classmate, Stephanie , Dr. Squires\' stepdaughter. When Luke returns home, he finds his parents arguing over money and their probable eviction. Luke starts dealing more pot to make money for his family. After a session with Dr. Squires, he bumps into Steph and invites her to come with him dealing around the city. Steph has a great time and gives Luke her number so she will not be lonely in the city for the summer. Luke phones Steph but ends up talking to Dr. Squires and they go out to a bar. Another client of Luke\'s shows up and while getting drunk and high, they get kicked out for underage drinking. Luke and Dr. Squires are walking from the bar and start tagging a wall but are apprehended by the police. Steph bails them out of jail and, against Dr. Squire\'s wishes, takes Luke out for the day. Luke and Steph end up kissing. When Luke gets home, he finds he has strong feelings for her. Luke grabs a letter from his father and reads that his family is getting evicted. He tells his father to be a man and do something about it. Steph invites him to her family\'s house at Fire Island; Dr. Squires and his wife are going to try to fix their relationship on a second honeymoon. At the island, Steph finds out Luke is a virgin and offers to give him sex lessons. After taking a shower and having sex together, Luke tells Steph that he loves her. She reacts with astonishment and it\'s obvious  that she\'s not looking for that kind of relationship with him. Luke asks Dr. Squires for help selling pot because he needs to make enough money for college. Luke introduces Dr. Squires to his client, Eleanor ([[Jane Adams , and they hit it off. Luke\'s family gets evicted and is forced to stay in a hotel. Luke visits Steph for companionship, but she greets him at the door with another classmate, and his heart is broken. Luke goes to Fire Island to seek counseling with Dr. Squires. Dr. Squires is on a bender because of his now inevitable divorce and invites Luke to join him. While high, Dr. Squires starts to walk into the ocean to kill himself. Luke goes in after him to save him. They both end up back on the beach, alive, more sober, and cracking jokes. Luke later talks with Dr. Squires inside the Squires\' home. Luke tells him that he will be moving to New Jersey to live with his grandparents. Squires wishes him luck and tells him goodbye. As Luke is leaving, Steph follows him to the elevator to talk to him. However, Luke says "Do me a favor Steph, don\'t say anything; I wanna remember this; I\'ve never done it before." Stephanie replies "Never done what?" and Luke continues, "had my heart broken" and as he is on the verge of tears he goes into the elevator and Stephanie looks sad for a moment. As Luke walks out of the complex, he puts in the mixtape Squires made for him and All the Young Dudes by Mott the Hoople begins playing. Luke is amused by it. In New Jersey, Luke tells his family he plans to become a psychiatrist. He says that he will be good at it because "everyone around me is so fucking crazy." Back in the city, Eleanor beeps Dr. Squires and asks him what he\'s doing tonight. He says "No plans." It then goes to Luke who is smoking a cigarette while waiting at a train stop. He flicks the cigarette at the camera and the movie cuts to black.'] ["Dave Goodwin , Sam Schecter , and Jeff Davis  are best friends who spent almost four years at Holden University scamming their way through college, and for the most part, get away with it. Just as they are about to graduate, their schemes are foiled by Ethan Dulles , the campus geek, after witnessing Dave cheating on an exam. Ethan threatens to expose the trio unless they try to hook him up with his dream girl, the beautiful Angela Patton . But things go wrong when Angela and Dave fall for each other. Ethan sabotages Dave and Angela's relationship by telling Angela that Dave paid to take her out. Dave convinces the guys to help him get revenage against Ethan. They sabotage his job interview and place a copy of the final exam in his backpack to make it look like he's cheating. In end the guys  get expelled, but Dave and Angela get back together and Sam ends up in relationship with Angela's roommate, Reanna Cass ."] ['At night, an animal testing laboratory in grimy downtown Oslo is broken into by a group of vegan animal rights activists calling themselves the "urban guerillas". They first release some rabbits, which refuse to leave. They then set the rats free, then cats, which to the horror of the activists, eat the rats. They then release a dog which in turn, again to their horror, kills the cats. They bury the dead animals, vowing to at some point take revenge on "animal oppressing" society. One of them, Sonia, a highly-strung anxiety-stricken woman, keeps the dog and names the dog "Karma". Meanwhile, three inept stoners and bungling habitual criminals named Odd, Gaz and Flea  sit around in a decrepit apartment, watching the news story about the lab break in. Their shady American friend Roy Arnie arrives and offers them a once-in-a-lifetime job opportunity with Circus Stromowski, a travelling Russian circus led by Ringmaster Igor Stromowski. The lads agree as they are in debt with Roy Arnie, and it is apparently a good money-raiser, and to escape a local gangster named Ivan. However, upon arriving at the circus, they find Stromowski to be utterly deranged, the acts dangerous and performers suicidal. The entire circus is full of useless, miserable has-beens and tired animals that will only perform under the influence of narcotics. What\'s more, the four lads are actually to be animal handlers with the dangerous animals in the circus stable. The star attraction is "Jimmy", a captive large male elephant who is paranoid of police and with an ear ring and half a tusk sawn off. Roy Arnie gives Jimmy speed to incite the animal to go crazy and perform in the ring for the spectators. At night, he gives Jimmy heroin to sedate him. Soon the elephant is hooked on the drugs, a junkie. The events of the original movie take place entirely in Norway; in the English language version of the movie, the story begins in Britain, and ends up in Norway with the travelling circus. Roy Arnie admits to the others that he has stolen over a million pounds worth of heroin which he stole from a tanker belonging to the Russian Mafia, and that he decided on the circus to escape them. The four lads hatch a plan to smuggle the heroin out of Norway by putting all the heroin inside the elephant. Roy makes an incision in Jimmy\'s buttocks, places the bags of drugs inside, and then sews it back up. He has a plan to set up his own circus with the money potentially made from the heroin, the "Roy Arnie Circus", and believes Jimmy to be the key to his dream. However on the night the lads plan to steal the elephant, Jimmy escapes when he is accidentally given speed instead of heroin, and he bolts out of a door left open by the animal rights activists. Jimmy\'s drug-induced escape causes widespead chaos. Flea comically steals a van with no windshield in the ensuing chase of Jimmy, which leads them up into the frozen moorland. Three bizarrely-dressed bikers who have been tailing the lads the whole time turn out to be three members of the highly feared "Laplander Mafia" who have been hired by the Russians and are looking for the heroin, and revenge on Roy Arnie. After overhearing their conversations they learn of where the drugs are, and decide to first go after the elephant. Meanwhile, the animal rights activists are hot on Jimmy\'s trail with the intention of rescuing Jimmy. Jimmy is hunted by a group of trigger happy, redneck-type big game hunters who want to shoot something bigger than a moose for a change. So begins a mad cap cross country road trip to find Jimmy, with different groups with different motives. The four stoners crash a log cabin which is occupied by an elderly American couple, but the three Lappish Mafia bikers find them there, kill the couple and torture the four stoners for information on the whereabouts of Jimmy the elephant. Jimmy nearly dies on the moors as he begins to go through cold turkey, although a seemingly intelligent and benevolent moose with golden antlers befriends the elephant and attempts to nurse him back to health by nudging him towards water and bringing him grass to eat. The moose pushes Jimmy into a rocky overhang, protecting the elephant from the elements. The moose forces Jimmy to stand on occasion by pushing him up and holding him up with his antlers, bringing back the strength in Jimmy\'s legs. Over the course of a few painful days, with the moose\'s help, Jimmy makes a full recovery from the drugs, and again becomes one with nature away from the ugly trappings of man. When the groups converge on Jimmy\'s location, chaos ensues which results in most of the people involved getting killed in various ways. As the elephant and the moose escape into the sunset, Jimmy steps on Sonia the activist\'s dog, Karma, splatting it. Sonia momentarily loses her temper and picks up one of the hunters\' rifles and shoots Jimmy in the behind, unwittingly bursting the bags of heroin inside and causing Jimmy to die within minutes . This causes Sonia to recoil in horror in what she has done, and then she and her friend scream and run off. The moose causes a landslide which buries Jimmy\'s body, and after the moose sits poignantly by the mound of rocks which now entomb Jimmy, it gallops off into the sunset alone. The only other survivors of the massacre, the four stoners, do not witness these events and believing Jimmy still alive they continue to look for Jimmy on the moors. Eventually, they all beat up Roy Arnie for leading them to the situation in the first place, because of his mad circus dreams, and "for Jimmy", "our mate". At the end of the film, full of remorse over what he has done in the past, Roy Arnie goes out alone into a terrible blizzard on the moors to look for Jimmy, who he does not know is dead.'] ['The film follows the lives of several students at the fictional Ridgemont High School over the course of one academic year. Brad Hamilton  is a senior who appears to have it made. He is looking forward to his last year of school and almost has his car  paid off. He is popular, in large part because of his part-time job at a burger joint where his girlfriend, Lisa , also works. Brad is pondering how to end his relationship with Lisa so he can play the field during his senior year. However, Brad is fired from his job at the burger joint for blowing his cool and threatening an obnoxious customer; and when he tries to tell Lisa how much he needs her at a school rally before a big football game, Lisa tells Brad that she is dumping him to see other guys. Brad quits his next job because of the humiliation of having to wear a pirate costume when delivering food. He gets a third job at a convenience store, where he successfully thwarts an attempted robbery and is promoted to store manager. Brad\'s sister, Stacy Hamilton , is a 15-year-old freshman. She is worried that she\'s not attractive or experienced enough to meet, let alone have relationships with, any guys. While working at the mall she meets a 26-year-old stereo salesman who asks her out . She sneaks out to meet him and they have sex at a secluded make-out spot, referred to as "The Point". She reveals the loss of her virginity to her friend, popular senior Linda  who assures her that it will hurt less as she does it more. Mike Damone , who earns money scalping tickets, and as a bookmaker, fancies himself a suave ladies\' man. He lets his younger best friend Mark "Rat" Ratner  in on his secrets for picking up girls. When he sees that Rat has a big crush on Stacy, Mike coaxes Rat into asking Stacy out on a date . Stacy invites Rat into her bedroom after the date, but Rat quickly shies away and leaves when Stacy tries to initiate sex with him. Later, Damone walks Stacy home after school and asks to come into her house. Stacy then invites Damone for a swim in the backyard pool; but when this leads to sex in the pool house with Stacy, Damone has a premature ejaculation and flees in embarrassment. When Stacy later informs Damone that she is pregnant as a result, he first agrees to pay half the fee for an abortion and to drive her to the abortion clinic, but reneges when he is unable to come up with the money. Desperate, Stacy convinces Brad to drive her to a bowling alley, but after he drops her off, he observes her through his rearview mirror going to an abortion clinic across the street. Brad waits for Stacy to come out and she makes him promise not to tell their parents. When Stacy tells Linda about Damone blowing her off, Linda flies into a rage and spray paints obscenities on Damone\'s car and school locker. Word quickly gets around school about Damone\'s impromptu sexual relationship with Stacy, which leads to a confrontation between Damone and Rat in the boys\' locker room. At the end of the film, the viewer is informed that Stacy and Rat are having a passionate love affair, but have still not "gone all the way". Jeff Spicoli  is a surfer and habitual marijuana user who is in Stacy\'s American history class. The strict teacher, Mr. Hand , has no patience with Spicoli\'s carefree attitude and especially not with Spicoli\'s wasting of class time. Finally, on the evening of the graduation dance, Mr. Hand shows up at Spicoli\'s house and informs him that since he has wasted eight hours of class time over the past year, Mr. Hand intends to make up for that time now. They proceed to have a one-on-one tutoring session that lasts until Mr. Hand is satisfied that Spicoli has understood the lesson. Outside of class, Spicoli wrecks a car  belonging to Ridgemont\'s star football player Charles Jefferson . To avoid being beaten up, Spicoli puts the car in Ridgemont\'s front lawn and paints the car with slurs supposedly written by Ridgemont\'s rival high school, Lincoln High school, an actual high school in San Diego, California. When Ridgemont plays Lincoln in an upcoming game, Jefferson is so full of rage that Ridgemont wins. An epilogue reveals that Spicoli saves Brooke Shields from drowning and then blows the reward money hiring Van Halen to play at his birthday party. Linda got accepted to UC Riverside and moved in with her abnormal psychology professor. Mr. Hand is left to believe everyone is on dope; and Mr. Vargas switched back to coffee.'] ["Prim and proper housewife Grace Trevethyn finds herself unexpectedly widowed, in dire financial straits when she inherits massive debts that her late husband had been accruing for years, and faced with losing her house. She decides to use her talent for horticulture, and hatches a plan to grow potent marijuana which can be sold at an astronomical price, thus solving her financial crisis. Grace and her gardener's efforts to hide their illegal enterprise from the quaint and curious townsfolk and market their product compose the remainder of the film."] ['Peter Jordan is 31 years old, $35,000 in debt, and he’s been working at Super Duper Computers for seven long years. Together with his equally down-on-their-luck co-workers Stan and Willie, Peter dreams of escaping the daily drudgery of “don’t forget to sell the extended warranty”, and "if you have time to lean, you have time to clean". Peter\'s existence in Big Box Retail Commission hell is further fueled by rival Salesman Rommel who steals Peter\'s customers and computer sales behind his back. Just when things seem to be at their worst, Peter’s long lost high school buddy Frehley blows into town and turns Peter, Stan and Willie’s humdrum lives into a non-stop beer-soaked party, full of loud music, strip clubs, and beautiful girls! And with Frehley yelling “You only live once!”, Peter whips out the credit cards to buy his dream car, a classic Volkswagen Beetle. But when Frehley suddenly splits town, straight-laced Peter and his buddies are shocked to find themselves left with a massive hockey bag stuffed full of primo weed.'] ['Alex is a single, 35-year-old video game tester who lives with his friend Josh. When Josh spends their rent money on Filipino hookers, his landlord kicks them both out, and Alex has to find a new place to live. Alex tries to stay with his marijuana dealer, Dante, but cannot do so because Dante is adopting a wild lion to live in the house. Alex spends one night with his co-worker Jeff, but Jeff still lives with his parents. After an embarrassing "encounter" with Jeff\'s mom, in which he is caught masturbating in the bathroom and subsequently ejaculates on her, Alex is forced to move in with his grandmother. His grandmother has two eccentric friends, Bea and Grace, who also live there. Alex is given many chores and fix-up projects to do around the house, but has a hard time completing them because his grandma and her friends are a constant distraction. He also finds it hard to get any work done. Alex discovers that the three women have a fascination with the television program Antiques Roadshow and later is able to get some peace and quiet by giving them tickets to attend a taping of the show. At work, Alex meets the attractive Samantha, who has been sent by the company\'s corporate office to oversee the production of a new video game. Alex and Samantha hit it off, but the only person in the way of their relationship is the creator of the game they are all working on, J.P., a self-proclaimed "genius" who is obsessed with video games and has a crush on Samantha. Samantha is not interested in J.P. and declines his constant advances. Meanwhile, in an attempt to sound cool to his younger co-workers, Alex says that he is living "with three hot babes". Alex\'s friends believe the lie and actually think the reason he is so tired every day at work is because he is living with three women who constantly "wear him out" in the bedroom. The real cause of his fatigue is because he stays up late at night working on his own video game, called Demonik, which he has been developing in secret for some time. Alex\'s grandma asks about the game one night and he teaches her to play it. To his surprise, she becomes quite good at it and beats many levels. After Alex and his co-workers finish successfully testing Eternal Death Slayer 3, their boss Mr. Cheezle tells Samantha to take the boys out to eat at a vegan restaurant, but they instead make fun of the restaurant and their waiter when they arrive, and then leave to a burger shop. When Jeff has to use the bathroom and refuses to use the one in the restaurant, Alex is forced to take everyone to his house. Alex comes home to find that his grandma, Grace, and Bea drank all of his pot, which they thought was tea. When Samantha admits to smoking weed too, Alex calls up Dante and throws a wild party. During the party the group prank-calls J.P.and leaves him a voicemail that makes fun of him about wanting to be a robot. J.P. is upset by the message and shows up at Alex\'s grandma\'s house a couple nights later in tears. Feeling bad for him, Alex agrees to let him borrow his only copy of Demonik and test it out for a few days. To get back at Alex for making his life miserable, and becoming accustomed to stealing others\' ideas, J.P. steals the game and tries to pass it off as his own at work. Mr. Cheezle does not believe Alex when he insists the game is his, since it was his only copy, so his friends call his grandmother to the office. Because she has mastered the game already, she plays J.P. and wins to prove it belongs to Alex. In the end, Alex is vindicated and creates a successful game.'] ['Kai and Stefan are two friends who own a gourmet pizza delivery business as a front for selling cannabis. Stefan is finishing law school and preparing to take the Bar examination to become a lawyer under the behest of his father who is a judge. They visit their outdoor cannabis grow operation and discover that aphids are destroying their plants. They visit a head shop and meet Achim who informs them that he knows how to get rid of aphids and hands them a tub full of Aphidoletes aphidimyza. Unbeknownst to the protagonists, Achim is an undercover police officer. After much debate, the duo bring Achim to the plantation so that Achim can help with the aphid problem and use an adulterant on the plants called "Brain cell massacre" which according to Achim is used in Kazakhstan plantations. On the way to the grow area, they try to pick psychedelic mushrooms convinced that nobody will be suspicious of mushrooms on a pizza. They test them out on Achim while he is at the plantation stating that they already tried some. Achim is poisoned by the mushrooms and goes into a convulsive state when a hunter is spotted nearby. The "Brain cell massacre" is used to knock Achim out and he is locked in the protagonists\' trunk along with the harvested crop itself and the hunter who discovered the cannabis plantation. After narrowly avoiding a police search, the duo confront Stefan\'s father and confess their situation. Stefan\'s father is angry and calls the chief of police, whom he befriended when he was a public prosecutor. The duo get off the hook, and Stefan takes his bar exam only to walk out at the last minute to pursue his dream of owning a cafe on a beach.'] ['It is May 28, 1976, the last day of school at Lee High School in the suburbs of Austin, Texas. The next year\'s group of seniors are preparing for the annual hazing of incoming freshmen. Randall "Pink" Floyd, the school\'s star football player, is asked to sign a pledge promising not to take drugs during the summer or do anything that would "jeopardize the goal of a championship season". When classes end, the incoming freshman boys are hunted down by the seniors and paddled. The incoming freshman girls are also hazed; they are rounded up in the school parking lot by senior girls, covered in mustard, ketchup, flour and raw eggs, and forced to propose to senior boys. Freshman Mitch Kramer escapes the hazing with his best friend Carl Burnett when Carl\'s mom pulls a shotgun on flunking-thus-repeating senior Fred O\'Bannion, but he is later cornered at his baseball game, and violently paddled. O\'Bannion, a senior participating in the hazing tradition for a second year after failing to graduate, delights in punishing Mitch. Pink gives the injured Mitch a ride home and offers to take him cruising with friends that night. Plans for the evening are ruined when Kevin Pickford\'s parents discover he planned to host a keg party. Elsewhere, the intellectual trio of Cynthia Dunn, Tony Olson and Mike Newhouse decide to participate in the evening\'s activities. Pink and his friend David Wooderson, a young adult who still socializes with high school students, pick up Mitch and head for the Emporium, a pool hall popular frequented by teenagers. As the evening progresses, students loiter around the Emporium, listen to rock music, cruise the neighborhood and stop at the hamburger drive-in. Mitch is introduced to sophomore Julie Simms, with whom he shares a mutual attraction. While cruising again with Pink, Kevin, and Don Dawson, Mitch drinks beer and smokes marijuana for the first time. They play mailbox baseball, but a neighborhood resident brandishing a gun threatens to call the police. They barely escape after the resident fires at their car. After returning to the Emporium, Mitch runs into his middle school friends. They hatch a plan to get revenge on O\'Bannion. The plan culminates with them dumping paint on O\'Bannion and him leaving in a fit of rage. After the Emporium closes, an impromptu keg party is planned in a field under a moonlight tower. Cynthia, Tony and Mike arrive at their first keg party. Mike is threatened by tough guy Clint Bruno. Tony runs into freshman Sabrina Davis, whom he met earlier during the hazing. They begin hanging out together. Cynthia likes Wooderson and exchanges phone numbers with him. Mike, suffering from the humiliation of his confrontation with Clint, decides to make a stand, punches him, and gets tackled. The fight is broken up by Pink and Wooderson. Football player Benny O\'Donnell confronts Pink about his refusal to sign the pledge. Pink, the only player not to have signed, believes it violates his individuality and beliefs. Mitch leaves the keg party with Julie. They drive to a nearby hill overlooking town to make out. Tony gives Sabrina a ride home and they kiss good night. As night turns to dawn, Pink, Wooderson, Don, and several friends including Ron Slater and Simone Kerr decide to smoke marijuana on the 50-yard line of the football field. The police arrive, so they ditch the drugs. Recognizing Pink, the police call football Coach Conrad. Conrad lectures Pink about hanging out with "losers" and insists that he sign the pledge. Pink says that he might play football, but he is not going to sign the pledge. Pink leaves with his friends to get tickets to an Aerosmith concert. Mitch arrives home after sunrise to find his mother has waited up for him. She decides against punishment but warns him about coming home late again. Mitch goes to his bedroom, puts on headphones and listens to "Slow Ride" by Foghat as Pink, Wooderson, Ron and Simone travel down a highway to purchase their tickets.'] ["The story describes an eventful day in the life of Jane F, an unambitious young actress who enjoys smoking cannabis and lives in a Los Angeles apartment with her nerdy, somewhat disturbing roommate Steve. Jane's fateful day begins when she unknowingly consumes an entire plate full of cannabis-laced cupcakes. Realizing her mistake, she makes a list of tasks she must achieve, and how she plans to make them happen. What follows is a relentless stream of disasters caused by Jane's intoxication."] 