['Vincent is the story of a young boy, Vincent Malloy, who pretends to be like the actor Vincent Price . He is obsessed with the tales of Edgar Allan Poe, and it is his detachment from reality when reading them that leads to his delusions that he is in fact a tortured artist, deprived of the woman he loves, mirroring certain parts of Poe\'s "The Raven". The film ends with Vincent feeling terrified of being tortured by the going-ons of his make-believe world, quoting "The Raven" as he falls to the floor in frailty, believing himself to be dead.'] ['Chronopolis tells the story of a gargantuan city lurking in the sky colonized by powerful immortals who have become jaded with eternal life. Most of their time is spent monotonously constructing bizarre and unusual objects while waiting for the ultimate gift to arrive in their hands.'] ['The video&mdash;with beginning scenes filmed in 1987&mdash;begins with a young boy named Phillip  sitting in his bedroom, listening to loud music, and struggling to find an idea for a class report on a science topic. While struggling to find some ideas-and annoying his mother  with his loud music- a song plays on his boom box, titled Mesozoic Mind, and the song provides him with an inspiration for his report: DINOSAURS! Philip then goes to sleep and has a dream where he discovers that the search for the truth about these magnificent animals and their astonishing 160-million-year success on earth is probably the most fascinating speculation there is. Phillip then finishes his report and presents it to the class. The class report is then covered through the 1980 claymation short Dinosaur by Will Vinton Productions.'] ['While his frustrated wife wreaks violence and death in the kitchen, Stanley finds love in a giant cabbage he is growing in his back yard.'] ['In the near future, Detroit, Michigan is on the verge of collapse due to financial ruin and unchecked crime. The mega-corporation Omni Consumer Products  enters into a contract with the city to run the police force. OCP plans to destroy "Old Detroit" and replace it with the utopia of "Delta City". Recognizing that human law enforcers are insufficient to stop the crime spree, OCP runs several programs to find robotic replacements. One program, the ED-209 enforcement droid, headed by senior president Dick Jones , malfunctions and kills a junior executive during its demonstration. As a result, the OCP Chairman  opts for a cyborg program helmed by middle-ranking executive Bob Morton , named "RoboCop". Veteran police officer Alex Murphy  is transferred to a new precinct in Old Detroit and is partnered with Anne Lewis ([[Nancy Allen . On their first patrol, they chase down a team of criminals led by crime boss Clarence Boddicker  to an abandoned steel mill. Lewis is later rendered unconscious by one of the gang, while the rest of Boddicker\'s men corner Murphy and brutally murder him. Murphy is pronounced dead at the hospital and OCP subsequently takes his body and utilizes parts of the remains in the construction of the first RoboCop. RoboCop is able to single-handedly deal with much of the violent crime in the city, causing the rest of the police force to become worried they may be replaced. Unbeknownst to his human monitors, RoboCop still retains memories of his life as Murphy, including brief glimpses of his wife and son, and the action of spinning his gun before holstering it, a trick Murphy had done for his son. Lewis recognizes these elements from Murphy\'s mannerisms, and tries to learn more from RoboCop, but he remains silent on the issues. Because of RoboCop\'s success, Morton is promoted to become one of OCP\'s vice-presidents. Morton\'s success and arrogance leads Jones to have Boddicker, secretly in his employ, kill the young executive. Meanwhile, an armed gas station holdup by one of Boddicker\'s men  allows RoboCop to track down Boddicker to a cocaine bunker. RoboCop bursts into the facility and Boddicker reveals his alliance with Dick Jones. Boddicker is arrested and RoboCop visits Jones at his offices at OCP, intending to arrest him as well. During the confrontation, RoboCop\'s previously unknown fourth directive, preventing him from arresting or harming any senior executive of OCP, activates and incapacitates him. Jones sends an ED-209 against RoboCop. The ED-209 proves incapable of descending a stairway, making it possible for RoboCop to escape. When RoboCop enters the parking complex of the building, a police SWAT team is waiting for him with orders to destroy him. The hail of bullets severely damages RoboCop\'s armor, but Lewis saves him. Meanwhile, the police launch their long-threatened strike, sending the city into chaos. Jones arranges for Boddicker and his men to be released from prison and provides them with weaponry capable of puncturing RoboCop\'s heavy armor. Using a tracking device provided by Jones, Boddicker\'s team converges on the steel mill where RoboCop was recovering from his injuries. RoboCop and Lewis defend themselves and kill the entire gang. Lewis is wounded but survives. RoboCop returns to OCP headquarters and presents evidence of Jones\' role in Morton\'s death to the OCP chairman. Jones quickly grabs a gun and takes the chairman hostage. The chairman, after being told about the Fourth Directive by RoboCop, fires Jones, allowing RoboCop to shoot him. Jones then crashes through the window and falls to his death. The chairman commends RoboCop for his skill and asks for his name, to which RoboCop replies: "Murphy".'] [' The film opens in ‘Sepphoris, Upper Galilee, Year 90 of the Roman Occupation.’ Where Jairus and Tamar are travelling to meet their friend Cleopas, who knows a doctor that may be able to help Tamar. However the doctor is only able to give painkillers, confirming that there is nothing else that can be done. While Jairus is with the doctor, Tamar witnesses one of the carpenters building a new synagogue, who is Jesus, protect a deranged woman, Mary Magdalene, from being attacked by the townspeople. Jesus leaves his job, and goes to visit his mother, Mary. While there, Mary recalls his birth and the visit of the Wise Men and when Jesus went missing during Passover as a teenager, and was found conferring with the elders at the Temple who were amazed at his understanding of the scriptures. After leaving his mother\'s house, Jesus travels to the Jordan River to be baptised by John the Baptist. John baptises Jesus, and a voice from Heaven declares, "This is my beloved son." And the Holy Spirit descends on him as a dove. After his baptism, Jesus wanders out into the wilderness for forty days and nights to be tempted by the devil. After Jesus leaves the wilderness, he is met by his friend Lazarus, and goes back with him to his home in Bethany, where he is hosted by Lazarus’ sisters, Martha and Mary.   Jesus begins preaching parts of the Sermon on the Mount in the fields near Capernaum. Tamar and her mother Rachel are also in the field and Tamar stops to listen. He tells the Parable of the Wise and the Foolish Builders. Many priests are also listening and debating on the legitimacy of Jesus and his teachings. Tamar is taken ill and her mother takes her away even though she wants to stay and listen. Judas and other zealots, including Barabbas are plotting an uprising against the Romans in a cave. Judas thinks Jesus is the Messiah come to deliver them from the Romans, and that the people will follow him to a glorious victory. He leaves the other zealots to follow Jesus, who scorn him and thinks he’s following dreams. In a quayside, Mary Magdalene is being harassed by the tax collector, Matthew, for not paying the tax to cross the border from Judea into Herod’s Kingdom. Four fishermen, Simon, Andrew, James and John also confront Matthew, angry at having to pay taxes when they haven’t made any money. Jesus arrives at the quayside which excites Andrew but Simon is sceptical. Jesus commandeers Simon and Andrew’s boat to preach to the following crowd from the water. He tells the Parable of the Mustard Seed. After the crowds have gone Jesus bids the fisherman throw out their nets, and there is the miracle of draught of fishes. After Simon recognises Jesus is the Messiah, and Jesus says he will make him a fisher of men.  Simon the Pharisee, an elder of the Capernaum Synagogue, is visited by Ben Azra, one of the Temple priests, worrying about the possibility of Jesus causing a revolt. He says Jesus is more dangerous than John the Baptist and hints that John has already been ‘dealt with’. Nearby Tamar is resting on a balcony, and is watching lots of people swarming round a house where Jesus is. Simon the Pharisee and Ben Azra join the crowds to listen to Jesus. In the crowd some men have a paralytic man on a stretcher. Jesus tells the story of the men with wood in their eyes, forgives the sins of the paralytic man, and heals him. Tamar and her family watch the healed man dance through the streets, and that night, Jesus encounters Mary Magdalene on a rubbish tip outside the town and casts the demons out of her. The next day Jesus chooses his apostles, changes Simon’s name to Peter, and Rachel pleads with Jairus to take Tamar to Jesus as she is dying. Ben Azra, Simon the Pharisee, Cleopas, and Jairus decide to invite Jesus and his disciples to their house and question him. Mary Magdalene enters and washes Jesus’ feet with her tears and dries them with her hair. Jesus tells her her sins are forgiven, and because of this Ben Azra and Simon the Pharisee condemn Jesus as being in league with the Devil, though Cleopas and Jairus are unconvinced.  Tamar is dying and begs Jairus to go Jesus. He does, and as he brings Jesus to the house a woman with internal bleeding is cured. However before they arrive, servants come to tell Jairus that Tamar is dead. However Jesus goes and raises Tamar, who awakes, fully healed. Jairus, Rachel, Cleopas and Tamar join Jesus’ followers. Jesus learns that King Herod has killed John the Baptist and mourns for him, and The High Priest Caiaphas and Ben Azra have a meeting with Herod about Jesus.  Jesus and all his followers begin to make the journey from Capernaum to Jerusalem for the Passover festival. Meanwhile, Pilate and his Centurion prepare for an influx of pilgrims in Jerusalem, and talks about the suppression of an uprising and the capture of Judas’ friend Barabbas. Jesus teaches his followers on the road and tells the Parable of the Good Samaritan. A rider comes to Jesus and tells him his friend Lazarus is dying, and begs him to come, he does not go immediately, for which Tamar reproaches him. Ben Azra rushes to Caiaphas to tell of the Resurrection of Lazarus.  Jesus has his Triumphal entry into Jerusalem. Judas begins to become disillusioned, as the sight of Jesus on a donkey and people singing and waving palm branches does not fit with his idea of a conquering army. Jesus and his disciples go to the Temple. The temple priests begin to plot to subdue Jesus, while Jesus proclaims the Temple to be a house of prayer and turns the tables of the traders in the Temple. The elders try to trick Jesus again, but Jesus says people should ‘Give to Caesar what belongs to Caesar, but give to God what belongs to God!’. When Judas sees this and Barabbas in prison, and hears Jesus say that he [Jesus] will die, Judas despairs and resolves to betray Jesus to save himself. He goes and offers his services to Ben Azra, who is looking for a way to find Jesus away from the crowds.  Jesus and his followers eat The Last Supper in secret, and tells his disciples they will abandon him. Judas slips out to lead the authorities to Jesus. When they have finished they gather around fires outside. Cleopas and Jairus entreat Jesus to explain all that they don’t understand, to which Jesus says, “not now, but soon.” He takes Peter, James and John to pray with him in the Garden of Gethsename where he prays and is tempted by the devil to flee. Judas returns and betrays Jesus, who is arrested by the Temple Guard. The disciples flee. Jesus is tried by Caiaphas and the Sanhedrin, who send him to Pilate. Pilate finds no case against him and sends him to Herod. Herod mocks him and sends him back to Pilate. Judas is overwhelmed with guilt and tries to appeal to Ben Azra. Ben Azra gathers a crowd and instructs them to call for the crucifixion of Jesus, and the release of Barabbas. Caiaphas blackmails Pilate into condemning Jesus to death. Jairus learns what has happenend and Jesus’s followers run into Jerusalem. Jesus is led up to Golgotha and crucified as they watch and cry. As Jesus dies, the sky goes dark and he proclaims ‘It is finished’. The curtain in the temple that separates the holy of holies from the rest of the temple is torn in two.  The disciples bury him and mourn for him. Mary Magdalene returns to the tomb the next morning, and finds his body is gone. She encounters him in the garden and goes to tell the other disciples in the house where they are hiding, who believe she is mad. Peter goes to the tomb and also encounters him. He goes back to the house. Thomas is sceptical, and as he leaves he encounters Cleopas and Jairus, who tell of the Road to Emmaus appearance. Thomas is pronouncing them all crazy when Jesus appears in their midst. He then appears among all his followers on the mount, to give The Great Commission, and then ascends into heaven. A child searching for him is told by Tamar that the Kingdom of God has come, and that Jesus will be with them forever.'] ["Sinbad , sailor and Prince of Baghdad, seeks permission from Prince Kassim to marry Kassim's sister, Princess Farah . But a spell is placed on Kassim by their evil stepmother, Zenobia , which turns him into a baboon  just as he was going to be crowned caliph. Sinbad sets off with Princess Farah to find an old Greek alchemist named Melanthius , who is said to hold the knowledge to help if anyone can. Sinbad and his crew find Melanthius and his daughter Dione , who agree to help them with their quest. Melanthius tells Sinbad that they must travel to the land of Hyperborea where the ancient civilization of the Arimaspi once existed. There they will find a shrine where Kassim can be cured. Zenobia, her son Rafi , and a bronze golem named Minaton , secretly stalk them. On their quest, Sinbad and his crew encounter a trio of ghouls, a giant wasp , a giant walrus, a troglodyte , and reanimated sabre-toothed cat . In the end, Zenobia and her son are slain. Kassim is restored by the magic of Hyperborea and is crowned caliph."] ['It is the dawn of the 20th century, and an elderly Chinese man rides a jackass into Abalone, Arizona, his only visible possession a fishbowl occupied by an innocuous-looking fish. This magical visitor, Dr. Lao , visits Edward Cunningham\'s  newspaper and places a large ad for his traveling circus, which will play in Abalone for two nights only. Though quiet, Abalone is not peaceful; wealthy rancher Clinton Stark  has inside information that a railroad is coming to town, and he is scheming to buy up the place while the land is cheap. Stark is opposed in this power grab by Cunningham, who is also romantically pursuing the town\'s librarian, Angela Benedict , a beautiful young widow still grieving the death of her husband. After doing some research, Cunningham visits the circus site which has sprung up at the edge of town, and confronts Lao with the fact that Lao\'s alleged hometown vanished centuries ago. Lao deflects Cunningham\'s questions. However, as Lao puts up posters around town advertising his circus, he is assisted by Angela\'s young son Mike , who learns that the mysterious wanderer is 7,322 years old. The circus opens its doors, and the townsfolk flock in. Along with the main cast, the gawkers include a shrewish wife and Mrs Cassan, a foolish widow who clings to her self-image of a young beauty. Lao uses his many faces to offer his wisdom to the visitors; only some of whom take heed of this advice. Mrs Cassan has, to her dismay, her dark future pretold by Apollonius of Tyana, a blind prophet who is cursed to tell the absolute truth, no matter how cruel and shocking it may be. Appollonius tells her she will never be married and will live a lonely, meaningless existence, having accomplished so little she might as well have never lived at all. Stark has a disquieting meeting with the Great Serpent, Mike befriends the pathetic Merlin and Angela is aroused from her emotional repression by Pan\'s intoxicating music. After Medusa turns the disbelieving shrew to stone, Lao calls an end to the proceedings and Merlin restores the now-reformed woman. Mike visits Lao and tries to get a job, displaying his novice juggling and conjuring skills. Lao instead offers some advice and observations about the world , which Mike doesn\'t understand, and Lao claims to not understand either. Meanwhile, Stark\'s two thuggish henchmen destroy the newspaper office. Cunningham and his pressman discover the devastation, go drown their sorrows, then stagger back to learn that the damage has been magically repaired by Lao. They rush out an abbreviated edition of the paper, which Cunningham delivers in person to Stark. The next night, Lao stages his grand finale, a magic lantern show in which the mythical city of "Woldercan," populated by doubles of the townfolk, is destroyed when it succumbs to temptation personified by Stark, . The show ends in explosions and darkness but as the house lights gradually come back up, the townsfolk find themselves now in a town meeting, voting on Stark\'s proposal. They reject it, and a redeemed Stark tells them about the coming railroad, while noting that they owe a debt of gratitude to Lao. A dust-storm blows up, and as the townsfolk scatter, Angela opens up to Ed, finally admitting that she is in love with him. Stark\'s henchmen, confused by their boss\' apparent change of character, in a drunken spree decide to trash Lao\'s circus. Unfortunately, they shoot at, and break, Lao\'s fishbowl. The inhabitant is revealed  to indeed be the Loch Ness Monster, which balloons to enormous size when exposed to the open air. After it chases the two thugs into the storm , reminding Mike that the Circus of Dr. Lao is life itself, and everything in it is a wonder.'] ['The film begins at 62 West Wallaby Street on Gromit\'s birthday. After being tipped out of bed and dressed using several mechanical contraptions, Wallace  is greeted with a large pile of bills. Wallace remembers Gromit\'s birthday and presents Gromit with a somewhat unwelcome gift of a spiked dog collar, and a second present of a pair of ex-NASA robotic "Techno Trousers", acquired by Wallace to alleviate the burden of taking Gromit for walks. While Gromit is out on a "walk", Wallace realises they are in financial difficulty and decides to let the spare bedroom out. He is answered by an inscrutable-looking penguin named Feathers McGraw, who comes to stay at the house, pushing Gromit out of his comfortable bedroom, winning Wallace\'s favour and taking interest in the Techno Trousers. Upset that Feathers has intruded on his relationship with his master, Gromit leaves home. After viewing his departure, Feathers gets to work on altering the Techno Trousers for his own means, removing the controls on the trousers and adapting them into a remote control. After sleeping rough, Gromit hunts for suitable lodgings, noticing a police notice for a criminal penguin who disguises himself as a chicken by wearing a rubber glove on his head . Meanwhile, Wallace\'s normal morning routine is interrupted by the replacement of his expected trousers with the modified Techno Trousers. Trapped inside the "wrong trousers", Wallace is marched out of the house and sent around town on an extended test run, unaware that Feathers is controlling them. Gromit witnesses this spectacle and later spies on Feathers as he suspiciously measures up the exterior of the city museum. He returns home and in his old bedroom, uncovers plans to steal a giant diamond from the museum, using the trousers and Wallace as tools. However, Gromit is too late to foil the plan and hides inside Wallace\'s bed, where he sees Feathers arrive dressed in his "chicken disguise", Gromit realising from the wanted poster that the penguin is a wanted thief. Wallace, in a deep sleep after the day\'s misadventures, is unwittingly brought into the robbery by Feathers and marched out of the house to the museum. Feathers uses the suction feet on the trousers to climb the wall, enter the building through an air vent and walk along the ceiling, avoiding the laser alarm system. The helmet Wallace is dressed in contains a remote-controlled claw which hooks the diamond. The diamond has barely been hooked  when a loose ceiling tile sets the trousers off balance, causing the claw to trigger the alarm, which wakes Wallace up. After marching Wallace out and back to West Wallaby Street, Feathers reveals his identity and traps Wallace in a wardrobe. As Feathers makes for the door with the diamond, Gromit confronts Feathers with a rolling pin. Feathers pulls out a revolver and forces Gromit into the wardrobe with Wallace, locking them both inside. Being an expert with electronics, Gromit manages to break into the trousers\' circuits to make them march and eventually break the wardrobe apart. There follows a fast chase aboard a train set, as Gromit attempts to stop Feathers escaping with the diamond. Wallace\'s attempts to aid are mostly unsuccessful, though he removes Feathers\' revolver and frees himself from the trousers. After Feathers\' train is abruptly stopped by the trousers, he is captured and handed in to the police station and imprisoned in a zoo. For catching Feathers, Wallace and Gromit are given their substantial reward, which pays off their debts. Meanwhile, the trousers, unceremoniously consigned to the dustbin, walk off by themselves into the sunset.'] ["A nuclear submarine on patrol maneuvers in the Pacific Ocean captained by Commander Pete Mathews , comes into contact with something the sonar determines is massive. The boat is disabled but manages to free itself and dock at Pearl Harbor. There it is discovered animal tissue of great proportions has jammed in its dive planes. A man-and-woman team of marine biologists, Lesley Joyce  and John Carter , is called in, and they identify the tissue as part of a gigantic octopus. The military authorities scoff at this explanation, but are finally persuaded to investigate upon receiving reports of missing bathers, and ships pulled under the water by some living thing. Over the following two weeks, as John and Lesley continue their investigation, Pete shows a personal interest in Lesley, who is only eager to return to her own research. The scientists conclude the octopus is from the Mindanao Deep and has been forced out of its natural habitat due to hydrogen bomb testing in the area. The testing has rendered the octopus radioactive, and this radioactivity drives off its natural food supply.http://movies.nytimes.com/movie/25501/It-Came-From-Beneath-the-Sea/overview John and Lesley speculate that unexplained disappearances of a Japanese fishing fleet and a Siberian seal boat may have been due to the octopus. Pete and the Navy representatives express doubt over this hypothesis, however, and demand further proof. Later, as Pete assists John and Lesley with departure arrangements, a report comes in of an attack on a French shipping boat, from which several men escaped in a raft. John and Lesley are once again pressed into service for the government. The French survivors are questioned by psychiatrists, but when the first sailor's description of an attack by a creature with giant tentacles is met with skepticism, the other sailors refuse to testify. Lesley is able to convince the first sailor to repeat his story for the government officials, who now have the evidence they need to back up the scientists' premise. The government then halts all sea traffic in the North Pacific without revealing the reason to other countries. John flies out to sea to trace a missing ship, while Pete and Lesley follow up a report of three missing people on the coast of Oregon. The local sheriff, Bill Nash , takes them to the site of the attack along the beach, where they find a giant suction imprint in the sand and request that John join them. While waiting, Pete and Lesley fish all day to no avail, and are convinced that the giant creature may be in the vicinity. After John arrives and the imprint is definitively identified as octopus, Pete demands Lesley leave the project, which now threatens to become dangerous, but she steadfastly refuses. When Bill is attacked along the beach by the creature in front of the scientists, they hastily arrange for the entire Pacific coast waters to be mined before departing for San Francisco and the Navy's central headquarters. An electrified safety net is strung underwater across the entrance to San Francisco Bay to protect the Golden Gate Bridge, which is also wired. John takes a helicopter along the shore and baits the sea with dead sharks in an effort to lure the octopus back inland. Lesley demonstrates to reporters a special jet-propelled atomic torpedo, with which they hope to shoot the creature and then drive it to sea before detonating the device. Later that day, the giant octopus demolishes the net across the Bay and heads toward San Francisco. The Navy orders the Golden Gate Bridge abandoned, but when John learns that the electric circuit on the bridge remains on, races out to shut it off. The creature then catches sight of the bridge and immediately becomes enraged. The bridge is attacked by the creature, but Pete rescues John before one section collapses. The residents of the city panic and begin a mass exodus down the peninsula, as the Navy struggles to evacuate the Embarcadero and the Ferry Building, which is then battered by the octopus. When several more people are attacked, the Defense Department authorizes Pete to launch his submarine and the atomic warhead. John joins Pete while Lesley remains at the base. Flame throwers push the octopus back into the sea, but when Pete shoots the creature, it grabs the submarine. Using an aqualung, Pete swims out to the octopus and places explosive charges on it before being knocked out by the creature's flailing arms. John then swims out, shoots the octopus in the eye, forcing it to release the ship, and pulls Pete to safety. Back at the base, as the creature turns toward open sea, the torpedo is detonated, destroying the giant octopus. Later, while celebrating, Lesley agrees to continue seeing Pete after she and John finish their next research project.http://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?stid=20074"] ["The plot is, on the whole, close to Gogol's classic tale. The action is set in a Cossack stanitsa. On Christmas Eve, a minor demon arrives to a local witch called Solokha. They both ride on the witch's broom, after which the demon steals the Moon and hides in an old rag. In the ensuing darkness, some inebriated Cossacks can't find their way to a shinok  and decide to go home. One by one, they each come to visit Soloha, who hides each one  in bags so that none of them see each other.  At the same time, Solokha's son Vakula the Metalsmith , tries to woo the beauty Oksana , but she laughs at him and demands that he find her the shoes which the Tsarina wears. Vakula goes to Soloha in sadness, but upon coming there sees the bags and decides to take them to the forge. Getting tired along the way, he leaves the heaviest bags on the street, which are picked up by a caroling company. Vakula, who is left only with the bag containing the demon, goes to Patsyuk, a sorcerer, to ask him how to find a demon - only with the help of a demon can he hope to get Tsarina's shoes. The Patsyuk answers that a person should not search for a demon if he has a demon behind his back. Vakula takes it as some kind of a murky wise say, but indeed eventually finds the demon in the bag and forces him to take him to St. Petersburg. There, Prince Potemkin takes him for an ambassador of the Zaporozhian Cossacks and gives him Tsarina's shoes. The demon takes Vakula home and Vakula lets him go. Oksana agrees to marry Vakula."] ['The film mainly focuses on 28-year-old Dave Peck, who is unemployed but prefers the search for the meaning of life to the search for gainful employment. While looking in a magazine, Dave finds an advertisement for a book that will tell him the meaning of life "for the low price of $9.99." Dave, fascinated by this, begins his journey in his Sydney apartment to find the true meaning of life. As the film progresses, stories of Dave\'s family and neighbours are woven in and examine the post-modern meaning of hope.'] ['More tells the story of an inventor who lives in a drab, colorless world. Day by day, he toils away in a harsh, dull, and dehumanizing job, his only savior being the memories of the bliss of childhood. But at night, he works secretly on an invention that could help him relive those memories and spread their joy to everyone in his despair-filled life. When he finishes the invention, it changes the way people look at the world. His success changes him, however, because he loses an important part of himself.'] ["A young shepherd, Lucas, is blinded by lightning, and some kindly nuns at a nearby abbey take him in. Sister Catherine describes snow to Lucas, who has never seen it. Lucas gets chosen to play an angel in the abbey's Christmas pageant, and the Christmas snow that falls during the pageant works a small miracle."] ['Three orphans escape from the Underground City ruled by the Evil Emperor and search for the Sky Kingdom while facing many challenges along the way.'] ["When the Blockheads' E-Z Loan company threatens to take away the farms belonging to the small farmers, Gumby and his band, the Clayboys, decide to have a benefit concert to save the farms. But when the Blockheads find out that Gumby's dog, Lowbelly, cries pearls when he sees the Clayboys perform, they decide to kidnap Lowbelly and force him to cry pearls. When he doesn't respond, they kidnap Gumby and the Clayboys and create robotic clones of them. With the help of Pokey, Prickle, Goo, fans Tara and Ginger, and talent agent Lucky Claybert, Gumby takes on his robot clone and is still in time for his video taping session. At a picnic, Gumby announces that he's opening his own farm loan company. The Blockheads are forced to weed Gumby's garden as punishment, and Gumby and Pokey decide that things are looking up for them as they head back to outer space."] ['Baker Bob is battered to death with his own rolling pin by an unseen assailant while baking a cake; he is the latest of twelve bakers to be killed. Meanwhile, Wallace  and Gromit are running a "Dough to Door" delivery service from their bakery "Top Bun". On one such delivery, the duo save Piella Bakewell , a former pin-up girl mascot for the Bake-O-Lite bread company, and her dog Fluffles, when the brakes on her bike appear to fail. They drive alongside so Wallace can attempt to use pastries to stop, but they careen into a zoo and barely escape being eaten by a crocodile. Gromit tests the bicycle brakes and becomes suspicious on learning that they work, but Wallace becomes smitten with Piella. A whirlwind romance ensues, during which it is also shown that the nervous Fluffles is treated rather shabbily by Piella. Fluffles and Gromit also share a sensitive moment after she timidly returns Gromit\'s possessions, which have been discarded by Piella, after she gives Wallace\'s house  a "woman\'s touch". However, when she leaves her purse at the house, Wallace decides to return it, but it is raining outside. Not wanting to get wet, he insists that Gromit return it instead. Upon arriving at Piella\'s affluent mansion, Gromit discovers several dressmaker\'s dummies in her bedroom, each wearing a baker\'s hat and apron. In a book, Gromit discovers photographs of Piella with the murdered bakers. To his horror, Gromit discovers Piella is the "Cereal Killer" as he discovers a picture with Wallace as her apparent intended thirteenth victim, thus completing a "baker\'s dozen." Gromit accidentally knocks over all the dummies, but gets them all back up again before Piella enters the bedroom. Despite Piella\'s lavish ways, Fluffles has to sleep in an old cardboard box, covered with a tattered rag, implying years of mistreatment. Despite Wallace being oblivious, Gromit attempts to thwart Piella by installing an airport-style metal detector in their home. After tricking Wallace into thinking that Gromit bit her, Piella almost succeeds at pushing Wallace to his death whilst a chained up Gromit can only watch, but she is thwarted by being struck by a bag of flour from Wallace\'s dough-mixing contraption. After an angry outburst against bakers, she leaves but returns a short time later to apologise with a large cake. Wallace says that it will do nicely for four o\'clock tea. When Piella is leaving to attend to the absent Fluffles , she tells him he will be getting a surprise. A worried Gromit follows her home only to be caught and imprisoned with Fluffles in a storeroom. Escaping in Piella\'s old Bake-O-Lite hot air balloon, they arrive at Wallace\'s house as he is lighting the candle. After a struggle, the cake falls to the floor and a bomb inside is revealed. While attempting to dispose of the bomb, Wallace and Gromit are attacked by Piella, who detests bakers and their creations for ruining her figure and her career as the Bake-O-Lite girl after her obesity from consuming too much bread and cakes meant she could not ride her balloon anymore. While attempting to finish off Wallace, a battle ensues between Piella and Fluffles in a yellow forklift truck covered by giant oven mitts. In the chaos, the bomb ends up in the back of Wallace\'s trousers. Gromit and Fluffles neutralise the explosion using a large amount of dough while Piella uses the distraction to leap onto her balloon and escape. However, owing to her weight, the balloon crashes into the crocodile pit at the zoo where she is eaten alive . The balloon floats away with Piella\'s ghost  waving goodbye to Wallace on her way to heaven. Distraught by the death of her owner, Fluffles leaves, with both Wallace and Gromit depressed over their losses . Deciding to take their minds off things, they head out to deliver bread and find Fluffles standing in the driveway, uncertain as to what to do or where to go. She joins them in the van and the three drive off into the sunset.'] ['Tumak ([[John Richardson , a caveman from the Rock tribe, is banished to the harsh desert because of a fight with his father Akoba ([[Robert Brown . After surviving many dangers such as a giant lizard, ape men, brontosaurus and a giant spider, he collapses on a remote beach, where he is spotted by "Loana the Fair One"  and her fellow fisherwomen of the Shell tribe. They are about to help him when an Archelon  makes its way to the beach. Men of the Shell tribe arrive and apparently fend off the giant turtle with spears . Tumak is taken to their village, where Loana tends to him. Scenes follow emphasising that the Shell tribe is more advanced and more civilized than the Rock tribe. They have cave paintings, music, delicate jewellery made from shells, and rudimentary language&nbsp;– all things Tumak seems to have never before encountered. When the tribe women are fishing, an Allosaurus attacks. The tribe flees to their cave, but in the panic, a small girl is left trapped up a tree. Tumak seizes a spear from Ahot , a man of the Shell tribe, and rushes forward to defend her. Emboldened by this example, Loana runs out to snatch the child to safety, and Ahot and other men come to Tumak\'s aid, one of the men being killed before Tumak is finally able to kill the creature. In the aftermath, a funeral is held for the dead men&nbsp;– a custom which Tumak disdains. Leaving the funeral early, he re-enters the cave, and attempts to steal the spear with which he had killed the Allosaurus. Ahot, who had taken back the spear, enters and is angered by the attempted theft, and a fight ensues. The resulting commotion attracts the rest of the tribe, who unite to cast Tumak out. Loana leaves with him, and Ahot, in a gesture of friendship, gives him the spear over which they had fought. Meanwhile, Tumak\'s brother Sakana ([[Percy Herbert  tries to kill their father to take power. Akoba survives, but is a broken man. Sakana is the new leader. While this is happening, Tumak and Loana encounter a battle between a Ceratosaurus and a Triceratops. The battle is eventually won by the Triceratops which fatally gores its opponent. The outcasts wander back into the Rock tribe\'s territory and Loana meets the tribe, but again there are altercations. The most dramatic one is a fight between Tumak\'s current love interest Loana and his former lover "Nupondi the Wild One" . Loana wins the fight but refuses to strike the killing blow, despite the encouragement of the other members of the tribe. While the cave people are swimming&nbsp;– seemingly for the first time, and inspired by Loana\'s example&nbsp;– they are attacked by a female Pteranodon. In the confusion, Loana is snatched into the air by the creature, and dropped bleeding into the sea, when a thieving Rhamphorhynchus intervenes. Tumak initially believes her dead. Sakana then leads a group of fellow hunters in armed revolt against Akoba. Tumak, Ahot and other members of the Shell tribe arrive in time to join the fight against Sakana. In the midst of a savage hand-to-hand battle, a volcano suddenly erupts: the entire area is stricken by earthquakes and landslides that overwhelm both tribes. As the film ends, Tumak, Nupondi, and the surviving members of both tribes emerge from cover to find themselves in a ruined, near-lunar landscape. They all set off&nbsp;– now united&nbsp;– to find a new home.'] ["A woman  has a series of surreal, dream-like hallucinations and encounters within the confines of a lonely apartment building. Some of these bizarre occurrences include various abstract objects appearing in a room, two men engaging in fencing and martial arts, a man entering and leaving a room repeatedly, and a living wig destroying several items on a table. The film ends with the woman passionately kissing a male mannequin's face before it crumbles to pieces."] ['The traditional customs and tales of a Czech village are depicted in six separate sequences: "Shrovetide", "Spring", "Legend About St. Prokop", "The Fair", "The Feast" and "Bethlehem".'] ['The storyline is reminiscent of the original Flash Gordon films, but with a generally campy flavor to it. The character names are innuendos, based on original characters from the serial, the hero Flesh Gordon ; his love interest Dale Ardor ; the evil Emperor Wang the Perverted ; Dr. Flexi Jerkoff ; Amora, Queen of Magic ; and a gay Robin Hood-like character called Prince Precious . Emperor Wang aims a "Sex Ray" at the Earth from his home world of Porno [Mongo]. The entire planet becomes hopelessly sexually obsessed and it is up to Gordon to stop the rays. The film uses nudity whenever possible, and the scenes are shot in a style nearly identical to the original Flash Gordon serials. As an example, their rocket lands on the planet Porno. A sauropod dinosaur with a glans-like head is observed. Flesh asks Dr. "J", "What\'s that"? "Must be some kind of penisaurus", Dr. "J" replies. A towering, demonic-looking creature, the Great God Porno , brought out of hibernation by Emperor Wang makes an appearance, muttering obscenities in a very velvety voice. The monster\'s fate is a major plot point.'] ['The film begins as if it were a stage play presented by Mother Goose , about two nursery rhyme characters, Mary Contrary and Tom Piper, who are about to be married. At the same time, the miserly and villainous "Crooked Man who lives in the Crooked House" named Barnaby, is hiring two crooks to throw Tom into the sea and steal Mary\'s sheep, thus depriving her of her means of support, and forcing her to marry Barnaby instead.  After smashing Tom on the head with a hammer and tying him in a bag, the two henchmen, dimwitted Gonzorgo and silent Roderigo, pass by a gypsy camp. They decide to sell Tom to the Gypsies instead of drowning him in order to collect a double payment. Gonzorgo and Roderigo return and tell Mary, Barnaby, and the citizens of Mother Goose Land that Tom has accidentally drowned. They show Mary a phony letter in which Tom tells her that he is abandoning her for her own good and that she would be better off marrying Barnaby. Mary, believing she is destitute, reluctantly accepts the proposal from Barnaby. Barnaby unknowingly arranges for the same gypsies that have Tom to provide entertainment for the marriage. Tom, disguised in drag as the gypsy Floretta, reveals himself and Barnaby pursues the frightened Gonzorgo and Roderigo, furious at their deception. One of the children informs Mary of some sheep tracks leading into the Forest of No Return. The children, still eager to find their sheep, sneak away into the forest to search for the missing sheep. The trees of the forest come to life and capture them. Tom and Mary follow and find the children in the forest telling stories about the live trees, which, at the moment, seem like ordinary ones. They camp out for the night, and in the morning the trees once again come to life and inform the family that they are now in custody of the Toymaker in Toyland. Excited by this, the group happily continues on, escorted part of the way by the trees. Through the windows of The Toymaker\'s house they watch the Toymaker\'s rather incompetent apprentice, Grumio, present a new machine that makes toys without any manual labor. Overjoyed, the Toymaker speeds up the machine to such a high rate that it explodes, destroying every toy in the factory. The family comes in and offers to help make more toys in time for Christmas. Grumio also presents another invention, one that shrinks things down to toy size, and if it were used on anything more than once, they would disappear completely. Barnaby, who had been spying on everyone, shrinks down the Toymaker and Tom. When Barnaby\'s henchmen see him threatening to give Tom two servings of the shrinking formula, they abandon Barnaby and run. They, too, are shrunken to toy size and locked up with Tom in a birdcage. Barnaby awakens Mary and starts a marriage ceremony threatening to destroy Tom if she resists, and to destroy the Toymaker if he refuses to marry the couple. While the Toymaker delays the marriage Tom sneaks away with the help of Gonzorgo and Roderigo, and returns with an army of toy soldiers to fight Barnaby. Barnaby easily demolishes the toy soldiers, and is about to obliterate Tom with another dose from the shrink gun, but Mary destroys it with a toy cannon. The liquid splatters all over Barnaby, and shrinks him to Tom\'s new size. He is challenged to and engages in a sword duel with Tom which he loses.  After the fight is over, Grumio once again presents a new invention, this time returning people to their original size. It is promptly used on Tom, the Toymaker, Gonzorgo and Roderigo–but not on Barnaby. Tom and Mary are married and everyone lives happily ever after.'] ["  In the town of Flåklypa , the inventor Reodor Felgen  lives with his animal friends Ludvig   and Solan  . Reodor works as a bicycle repairman, though he spends most of his time inventing weird Rube Goldberg-like contraptions. One day, the trio discover that one of Reodor's former assistants, Rudolf Blodstrupmoen , has stolen his design for a race car engine and has become a world champion Formula One driver. Solan secures funding from an Arab oil sheik who happens to be vacationing in Flåklypa, and to enter the race, the trio builds a gigantic racing car: Il Tempo Gigante—a fabulous construction with two extremely big engines , a body made out of copper, a spinning radar  and its own blood bank. Reodor ends up winning despite Blodstrupmoen's attempts at sabotage."] ["A green-skinned man wanders through the desert with a laser cannon attached to his arm. A spaceship lands and two aliens emerge, one of whom shoots the man, which disintegrates his body. The aliens depart on their spaceship, leaving behind the laser cannon and a metallic pendant the man was wearing. Teenager Billy Duncan  wakes up in his bed, seemingly disturbed, and learns his mother is leaving for vacation. He goes to visit his girlfriend Kathy , but her deranged grandfather Colonel Farley  makes him leave before he can see her. As Billy drives around town, he is harassed by bullies Chuck Boran  and Froggy , and by two police deputies  who give him a speeding ticket. Billy wanders into the desert and discovers the laser cannon and pendant. He starts playing with the cannon, pretending to shoot things, then realizes he can fire the weapon while wearing the pendant. Meanwhile, on the alien spacecraft, the two aliens converse with their leader who shows them footage of Billy using the cannon, prompting the aliens to turn their ship around to head back to Earth. Later that night, Billy and Kathy attend a party where Chuck and Froggy attempt to rape Kathy. When Billy discovers them a fight occurs between Billy, Chuck and Froggy. Later that night, Billy uses the laser cannon to explode Chuck's car, and Chuck and Froggy barely escape the explosion alive. Government official Tony Craig  arrives to investigate both the explosion and the desert where Billy found the cannon. Tony informs the local sheriff  that the town must be sealed off. Feeling sick due to an unusual growth on his body, Billy visits Dr. Mellon , who surgically removes a metallic disc from Billy's chest. Mellon calls the police laboratory technician Mike London  to arrange for the disc to be investigated. A green-skinned Billy opens fire on Mellon's car that evening, killing him in an explosion. The next day, Tony investigates the wreckage and recovers unusual material, which he brings to Mike London, who concludes it is an alien material that cannot be destroyed. The next day, Kathy puts the pendant on Billy's chest while they are laying together outside. Billy immediately wakes up with green skin and deformed teeth and attacks Kathy. Billy goes on a rampage, shooting random objects with the laser cannon. Law enforcement officials shoot at Billy from an aircraft, but Billy destroys the aircraft with the cannon, and later kills Chuck and Froggy by blowing up their car. While Tony questions Colonel Farley and Kathy about Billy, the two aliens land on Earth and begin searching for Billy. After killing a man and stealing his van, Billy travels into a city where he randomly fires at his surroundings. Kathy and Tony arrive in the city and locate Billy, as the aliens spot Billy from atop a building and shoot him, which kills Billy and destroys the laser cannon. The aliens depart in their spacecraft and Kathy cries over Billy's corpse."] ['Based on Nikolai Gogol\'s The Overcoat. However, Norshteyn has said that "the cinematographer should not be interested in that which is described in detail - he should look to that which is skipped, to that which is implied but is not explicitly written. The break in the text is the most promising, the most alive place for cinema."{{ru icon}}Скульская, Елена. Юрий Норштейн. На Тикусая нищего похож, Дело, June 23, 2003. Retrieved on October 14, 2006.'] [" The film starts with the image of a mechanism beginning to work - as the gears move , the sun slowly rises up over a town and a new day begins. The town, Hamelin, is shown to be one which is full of corrupted, petty people, where everything is wasted and money and social rank are the first priority. The waste leads to a gigantic rat infestation at night. As the town leaders meet to decide on the best course of action, a stranger appears in the doorway - a hooded piper who with the sound of his playing can entice rats to run over a cliff to their deaths. The town leaders are very happy and offer him 1000 gold coins as payment if he would get rid of all of the town's rats. The piper accepts, and begins walking through the city, leading all of the rats behind him. At the same time, a jewellery seller who was among the elite group of leaders walks into a woman's home and asks her to marry him. The woman  refuses. The jeweller persists, but before he can do anything the piper passes by her house and the jewellery seller is forced to jump out of the window at the sound of the music. After all of the rats jump into a lake, the piper comes back into town, on the way once again stopping the jeweller's advances on the woman. The piper and the woman sit on the bench together as he plays a beautiful melody that is accompanied by paint-on-wood animation . Finally, the piper goes to collect his promised payment. The town leaders  give him only a black button. The piper leaves angrily. Meanwhile, the jeweller is seen drinking and telling his sad tale of rejection to his friends, who decide to do something about it. That night, they break into the woman's house as she is praying, rape and kill her . The piper comes, but this time he is too late - all that he can do is close the eyes of her horrified face. Now the piper climbs up the highest tower in the town, to the top floor where the machinery for the sun that we saw in the introduction is located. At the very top is the god Saturn, holding an hourglass. The piper and Saturn have a silent conversation, and a decision is made. All of the sand in Saturn's hourglass runs out, and the gears that make the sun rise stop working. As the first chime of morning strikes, the sun does not rise; instead, the piper walks out and plays his pipe. As the citizens hear him, they turn into rats and follow the sound, eventually jumping off the tower just like the rats did previously. The only person left is an old fisherman  who comes to watch. When he gets close to the piper, however, the piper ceases to exist - his cloak, now empty of a person inside it, flies away with the wind. The fisherman walks into the empty city and finds a baby  in one of the houses. He takes the baby away with him."] ['After being pulled through a time portal, Ash Williams lands in 1300 AD, where he is almost immediately captured by Lord Arthur\'s men, who suspect him to be an agent for Duke Henry, with whom Arthur is at war. He is enslaved along with the captured Henry, his gun and chainsaw confiscated, and is taken to a castle. Ash is thrown in a pit where he fights off a Deadite and regains his weapons from Arthur\'s Wise Man. After demanding Henry and his men be set free  and killing a deadite in full view of everyone, Ash is celebrated as a hero. He also grows attracted to Sheila, the sister of one of Arthur\'s fallen knights. According to the Wise Man, the only way Ash can return to his time is to retrieve the Necronomicon Ex-Mortis. After bidding goodbye to Sheila, Ash starts his search for the Necronomicon. As he enters a haunted forest, an unseen force pursues Ash through the woods. Fleeing, he ducks into a windmill where he crashes into a mirror. The small reflections of Ash climb out from the shattered mirror and torment him. One of the reflections dives down Ash\'s throat and uses his body to become a life-sized clone of Ash and attack him, after which Ash kills and buries the clone. When he arrives at the Necronomicon\'s location, he finds three books instead of one. Ash eventually finds the real one and attempts to say the magic phrase that will allow him to remove the book safely — "Klaatu verata nicto". However, forgetting the last word, he tries to trick the book by mumbling/coughing the missing word. He then grabs the book from the cradle, and rushes back to the castle, while the dead rise from graves all around. During Ash\'s panicked ride back, his evil copy rises from his grave and unites the Deadites into the Army of Darkness. Despite causing the predicament faced by the Medieval soldiers, Ash initially demands to be returned to his own time. However, Sheila is captured by a Flying Deadite, and later transformed into a Deadite. Ash becomes determined to lead the humans against the army of the dead. Reluctantly, the people agree to join Ash. Using scientific knowledge from textbooks in the trunk of his 1973 Oldsmobile Delta 88, and enlisting the help of Duke Henry, Ash successfully leads the medieval soldiers to victory over the Deadites and Evil Ash, saving Sheila and bringing peace between Arthur and Henry in the process. After this, he is brought back to his own time using a potion made from the Necronomicon. Later, Ash is at the S-Mart store telling a male co-worker  all about his adventure back in time, and how he could have been king. A female customer becomes possessed by a demon and starts wreaking havoc on the store, and Ash slays the creature.'] ['Fifty years after a nuclear holocaust, open war is forbidden by the surviving nations, which have merged into two opposing super-nations: the American-influenced Western Market and the Russian Confederation. To resolve conflicts, the Market and Confederation hold gladiator-style matches between giant robots, piloted by "robot jox". Market jock Achilles  is supported by robot designer "Doc" Matsumoto  and strategist Tex Conway , the only jock to win all ten of his contract fights. Achilles\' tenth fight is against his bitter rival, the Confederation\'s Alexander . During the battle, Achilles attempts to intercept a wayward projectile launched by Alexander, and his robot collapses on top of the bleachers full of spectators, ending the fight. In a post-match conference, both sides reason that their respective fighter was the victor; however, the referees decide that the match is inconclusive and schedule a rematch. Achilles, shaken by the accident and the deaths of the spectators, insists the fight was his contractual tenth match and retires, much to the disapproval of his fans. The genetically engineered "gen jox" Athena  is chosen to replace Achilles. Concerned that she may not win, Achilles agrees to fight Alexander again, which infuriates Athena. Prior to the final match, Doc confronts Conway after analyzing a "lucky" laser hit from Conway\'s final fight, and correctly deduces that the blast was in fact deliberately aimed and that the match was rigged for Conway to win. He accuses Conway of being a spy who has leaked Market robot information to the Confederation. Conway confesses and murders Doc, unaware that Doc has recorded the conversation. Conway tells Commissioner Jameson  that Doc was the spy, and that he committed suicide upon being outed. On the morning of the fight, Athena sedates and imprisons Achilles in his apartment, forcefully taking his robot to the field. Achilles decides to help her and plays the instructional video Doc had prepared for the new weapons installed in the robot. However, when the video cuts to footage of Conway\'s confession and murdering of Doc, Conway leaps to his death. On the field, Alexander overpowers Athena and Achilles rushes to get her out of the robot\'s cockpit. The referees order Alexander to stop fighting or be disqualified, but Alexander destroys the referees\' float platform and continues the attack. Achilles takes control of the Market robot and ignores Commissioner Jameson\'s instruction to stop the match due to Alexander\'s disqualification. The two jox continue their fight, with both robots eventually being crippled and destroyed. Facing each other without their machines and using wreckage as weapons, they fight in a brutal melee. Achilles convinces Alexander that a match does not necessarily have to end with the death of a jox. Alexander throws down his weapon, and they salute each other with newfound respect.'] ['The story is based on the legend of the Invisible City of Kitezh , which disappears under the waters of a lake to escape an attack by the Mongols.  The film itself follows the legend only loosely, however, and its highpoint is a battle between the Russian soldiers and the Mongol hordes, symbolizing a clash of cultures .'] ['Three plastic toys named Cowboy, Indian and Horse share a house in a rural town. Cowboy and Indian plan to surprise Horse with a homemade barbecue for his birthday. However, they accidentally order 50 million bricks, instead of the 50 they actually require. This sets off a chain of events as the trio travel to the center of the earth, trek across frozen tundra and discover a parallel underwater universe of pointy-headed  creatures.'] ['After being "created" by a dog, Doggy Poo meets various living and inanimate things. No one wants to be his friend, and Doggy Poo becomes sad because he believes he is worthless and has no purpose. Eventually, a plant grows out of the ground and tells Doggy Poo that she needs him so she can grow into a flower. Doggy Poo discovers his life purpose and he becomes absorbed by the flower. After being absorbed by the flower, Doggy Poo lives "a happy life".'] ["In Mexico at the turn of the 20th century, a beautiful cowgirl named T.J. Breckenridge  hosts a struggling rodeo. Her former fiancé Tuck Kirby , a heroic former stuntman working for Buffalo Bill's Wild West show, wants to buy her out. Along the way, he is followed by a Mexican boy named Lope , who intends to join the rodeo on a quest for fame and fortune. T.J. has an ace she hopes will boost attendance at her show - a tiny horse. Tuck meets a British paleontologist named Horace Bromley , who was working in a nearby Mexican desert. Bromley shows Tuck fossilized horse tracks, which Tuck notices to be similar to T.J.'s horse's feet. So Tuck sneaks Bromley in for a peek. Bromley declares the horse to be an Eohippus. The tiny horse came from a place known as the Forbidden Valley. A Gypsy known as Tia Zorina  claims that it has a curse, and demands that it must be returned. Later, a group of thieves  collaborate with Bromley to steal the horse and release it in the valley. Bromley collaborates in the hopes of following the horse to its home. But Carlos , once a member of the Gypsy tribe now working for T.J.'s circus , walks in on the theft and tries to stop it, but is knocked out. Tuck arrives just as the Gypsy posse leaves. He sees Carlos as he begins reviving, notices the horse is missing, and sets off after it and Bromley. When T.J. and her crew discover Carlos and that the horse is missing, Carlos claims Tuck has stolen it. T.J. then leads a group of cowboys after Tuck and Bromley to retrieve the horse. Making their way into the Forbidden Valley, Tuck, T.J., and the rest of the group meet up and soon discover why the valley is said to be cursed as a Pteranodon swoops down and snatches Lope. After Carlos kills the Pteranodon, they spot an Ornithomimus, a small dinosaur which they chase after in the hopes of capturing it. Just as the ornithomimus is about to escape, it is killed by Gwangi, a vicious Allosaurus which pursues the group, almost finding and eating Bromley. However, a Styracosaurus appears and drives Gwangi away. Later, Gwangi pursues the people to their base camp, where it is able to get the best of them, until they begin to rope it down. Then, the Styracosaurus reappears and battles Gwangi. Gwangi emerges victorious, but decides to attack the men again. Gwangi manages to catch and kill Carlos, but knocks itself out while trying to exit the valley in pursuit of the rest of the group. Securing the creature, they take it back to town where it is to be put on display in T.J.'s show. However, on opening night, one of the Gypsies sneaks in and begins to unlock Gwangi's cage in an effort to free it. Instead the unfortunate man is killed and Gwangi breaks free. Bromley is crushed by a broken piece of the cage, and Gwangi attacks and kills a circus elephant . The crowd stampedes away from the arena; in the chaos, Tia Zorina is trampled and killed. Eventually, Gwangi, Tuck, T.J. and Lope end up in a cathedral which catches on fire. After some close calls, Tuck and T.J. manage to escape and lock the door behind them, trapping Gwangi in the burning building, which crumbles around it. Roaring in agony, Gwangi dies in the fire as Tuck, Lope, T.J., and the townspeople look on. Tuck, having killed Gwangi, becomes a town hero; however, the townspeople are also saddened by the thought of a magnificent creature like Gwangi dying such a horrible death, and by the loss of life caused by Gwangi's rampage."] ['The story is based on elements taken from the collection 1001 Arabian Nights, specifically The Story of Prince Ahmed and the Fairy Paribanou featured in Andrew Lang\'s The Blue Fairy Book. With the assistance of Aladdin, the Witch of the Fiery Mountain, and a magic horse, the title character reclaims the magic lamp and conquers the African sorcerer. The culminating scene in the film is the battle between "die Hexe"  and "der afrikanische Zauberer" , in which those characters undergo fabulous transformations. All is well in the end: Aladdin marries Dinarsade ; Achmed forces Pari Banu to marry him; the African sorcerer is defeated; and the foursome return to the Caliph\'s kingdom. Later Pari Banu- a goddess- steals a featherboa from Achmed so she can turn into a bird and fly home.'] ["Psychic Alex Gardner  was the 19-year-old prime subject of a scientific research project documenting his psychic ability, but in the midst of the study he disappeared and has since been using his talents solely for personal gain, which lately consists mainly of gambling and womanizing. After running afoul of a local gangster/extortionist named Snead , Gardner evades two of Snead's thugs by allowing himself to be taken by two men, Finch  and Babcock  who identify themselves as being from an academic institution. At the institution, Alex is reunited with his former mentor Dr. Paul Novotny  who is now involved in government-funded psychic research. Novotny, aided by fellow scientist Jane DeVries , has developed a technique that allows psychics to voluntarily link with the minds of others by projecting themselves into the subconscious during REM sleep . Alex is blackmailed into joining Novotny’s project that he  intended to use for a benevolent purpose as a clinic to diagnose and treat sleep disorders, particularly in the form of nightmares, but the project has been hijacked by Bob Blair , a powerful government agent with possible CIA ties, though it is never clearly revealed in the film. Alex eventually discovers that he is actually involved in a U.S. government-funded project to use this dream-linking technique for assassination. Before the plot is revealed, Alex gains experience helping a man worried about his wife’s infidelity and taking over the case of a young boy named Buddy  who’s plagued with nightmares so terrible that a previous psychic lost his mind in an attempt to help Buddy. Buddy's nightmare bogeyman involves a large snakeman which later becomes a weakness for Alex.  A subplot involving Alex and Jane’s growing infatuation culminates with him sneaking into Jane's dream without the use of the machine that is a part of the process, a point Jane does not realize at first because she is too angry that Alex was able to have sex with her in her dream. With the help of a novelist named Charlie Prince , who has been covertly investigating the project for the basis of a new book, Alex learns of Blair’s sinister intentions.  Prince and Novotny are both murdered to silence them; things get worse when the President of the United States  is admitted as a patient and Alex’s colleague Tommy Ray Glatman , a psychopath who  shot and killed his own father, is sent into the President's nightmare by Blair in an attempt to assassinate the President. Blair considers the President a threat to national security due to the President's nightmares of a post-apocalyptic world, which represent his fears and becomes cause for his wishing to enter unfavorable negotiations for nuclear disarmament. Alex and Jane manage to get close enough to the President’s room for Alex to project himself into the President's dream and save him: after a fight in which Glatman rips out a police officer's heart, attempts to incite a mob of nuclear attack victims to attack the President, and battles Alex in the form of the snake-monster from Buddy's dream, Alex assumes the appearance of Glatman's murdered father  in order to distract him, allowing the President to ram a spear into Glatman's back, killing him. The President is grateful to Alex but reluctant to confront Blair, who apparently holds a truly powerful position in the government. To protect himself and Jane, Alex enters Blair’s dream and murders him before Blair can bring about any sort of retribution. The film ends with Jane and Alex boarding a train to Louisville, Kentucky, intent on making their previous dream encounter a reality. Encountering the ticket conductor from Jane's dream gives them a moment of pause."] [" In a post-apocalyptic 2029, artificially intelligent machines seek to exterminate what is left of the human race. Two beings from this era travel back in time to 1984 Los Angeles: One is a Terminator , a cyborg assassin programmed to kill Sarah Connor ; the other is Kyle Reese , a human resistance fighter sent to protect her. After killing two other Sarah Connors listed in the telephone directory, the Terminator tracks its target to a nightclub. Kyle saves Sarah from the Terminator's attack and the two make an escape. Kyle explains that in the near future an artificial intelligence network called Skynet will become self-aware and initiate a nuclear holocaust of mankind. Sarah's yet-unborn son John will rally the survivors and lead a resistance movement against Skynet and its army of machines. With the Resistance on the verge of victory, Skynet has sent a Terminator back in time to kill Sarah before John can be born, as a last-ditch effort to avert the formation of the Resistance. The Terminator is an emotionless and efficient killing machine with a powerful metal endoskeleton, but with an external layer of living tissue that makes it resemble a human being. Kyle and Sarah are again attacked by the Terminator, leading to a car chase and their arrest. Lieutenant Ed Traxler  and Detective Hal Vukovich  tell Sarah that Kyle is insane. Kyle is questioned by psychologist Dr. Silberman , who concludes that he is paranoid and delusional. The Terminator attacks the police station and kills many police officers, including Traxler and Vukovich, in its attempt to locate Sarah, but she and Kyle escape and seek refuge in a motel. Kyle confesses that he has long been in love with Sarah, having been given a photograph of her by her son John. Sarah reciprocates Kyle's feelings and they have sex. The Terminator tracks them to the motel and wounds Kyle. In the ensuing chase the Terminator is caught in the blast of an exploding gasoline tank truck. With its flesh coating burned away, it pursues Sarah and Kyle into a factory. Kyle jams a pipe bomb into its abdomen, causing an explosion which severely damages it, but at the cost of his own life. Still partially functional, the Terminator tries to kill Sarah. She leads it into a hydraulic press and crushes it, causing it to deactivate. Later, a pregnant Sarah is traveling through Mexico. Along the way she records audio tapes which she intends to pass on to her unborn son, John. She debates whether to tell him that Kyle is his father. A Mexican boy takes a photograph of her which she purchases—it is the photograph that John will later give to Kyle. She drives on towards approaching storm clouds."] ['The story takes place in a pawnshop where Jasper visits in the city. Every night at midnight, all the musical instruments in the pawnshop come to life and play. The music of Charlie Barnet and his Orchestra are featured playing the songs "Pompton Turnpike" and "Cherokee" and Lee  sings "Old Man Mose is Dead". Meanwhile, Jasper after playing a clarinet and jamming with a magic trumpet he is then trapped by a totem pole which plays the saxophone. while being stalked by a clay Indian who throws axes at him. When the night watchman enters the shop, all the items return to their places and Jasper finally makes his escape.'] ["Smith explains: The first part depicts the heroine's toothache consequent to the loss of a very valuable watermelon, her dentistry and transportation to heaven. Next follows an elaborate exposition of the heavenly land, in terms of Israel and Montreal. The second part depicts the return to Earth from being eaten by Max Müller on the day Edward VII dedicated the Great Sewer of London."] ['On the first day of summer, dim-witted but charming Ed , experiences a nightmare featuring talking burgers. Troubled by the nightmare, Ed shows up late to work at Good Burger. On the same morning, Dexter , a fellow high school student of Ed, steals his mother\'s car after she leaves for a business trip. Dexter accidentally crashes into his teacher, Mr. Wheat\'s ([[Sinbad  car. With no driver\'s license or insurance, Dexter is in danger of going to jail. However, Mr. Wheat agrees to allow Dexter to pay for a total of $2,500 in car damages instead of calling the police. Dexter must find a summer job to pay for the expenses. Dexter first finds employment at Mondo Burger. However, after he insults Mondo Burger\'s manager, Kurt Bozwell , he was fired and found employment at Good Burger. There, he meets and reluctantly befriends Ed and a slew of colorful employees. However, little does Dexter know...Ed inadvertently caused the car accident. After waking up late, Ed rushes to work on rollerblades. He then skates in front of Dexter, causing him to swerve and hit Mr. Wheat\'s car. Dexter finds much success at Good Burger. However, his success at Good Burger takes a turn for the worse. Across the street from Good Burger, a Mondo Burger opens. The popular Mondo Burger produces over-sized burgers, much bigger than the Good Burger burgers. However, with the invention of Ed\'s "secret sauce", Good Burger is saved. After Dexter realizes that Ed caused his car accidents, Dexter takes part of Ed\'s credit to pay off the debt. Ed\'s sauce reigns success, causing Mondo Burger\'s Manager, Kurt to attempt to steal the sauce. First, he entices Ed with a higher hourly wage at Mondo Burger. Dedicated to Good Burger, Ed denies Kurt\'s request. Kurt then sends in the notorious, Roxanne  to seduce Ed and find the ingredients of the "secret sauce". With her attempts, Ed injures her. After, Ed and Dexter disguise themselves as old women and enter Mondo Burger. They discover that Mondo Burger chemically induces their burgers  with "Triampathol", an illegal food additive. Kurt realizes the old women are Dexter and Ed, and kidnaps them. He sends them to the Demented Hills Mental Hospital to prevent the public from believing the Mondo Burger\'s secret. After sending Ed and Dexter to Demented Hills, Kurt and his employees break into Good Burger after closing hours and poison Ed\'s secret sauce with shark poison. When Ed and Dexter\'s co-worker Otis  attempts to stop them, Kurt then takes him captive and sends him to Demented Hills, as well. There, Otis tells the duo about Kurt\'s scheme to ruin the secret sauce. They devise a plan to escape. Ed begins to dance and sing, encouraging the other patients to dance. After the entire mental hospital breaks out in dance, the trio escapes the mental hospital. They steal an ice cream van to leave the hospital. Then, Ed and Dexter break into Mondo Burger and expose the chemically-induced burgers to the police. Ed tries to take a can of Triampathol, but accidentally knocks one into the meat grinder. Ed then pours the rest of the substance into the grinder. Kurt catches Ed and Dexter. Just before he attempts to rid the two, the Mondo Burger building begins blow up as a cause of the Triampathol-overdosed burgers exploding. After the building destructs, the police arrests Kurt for illegal substance use. With the destruction of Mondo Burger, Mr. Wheat\'s car is destroyed once again . Ed and Dexter then walk back to Good Burger where the Good Burger employees praise the two as Good Burger heroes. The film ends with Ed infamously saying "Welcome to Good Burger, home of the Good Burger, can I take your order?"'] ["King Acrisius of Argos  imprisons his daughter Danaë , jealous of her beauty. When the god Zeus  impregnates her, Acrisius sends his daughter and his newborn grandson Perseus to sea in a wooden coffin. In retribution, Zeus kills Acrisius and orders Poseidon , to release a gigantic sea monster called the Kraken to destroy Argos. Meanwhile, Danaë and Perseus safely float to the island of Seriphos, where Perseus grows to adulthood. Calibos ([[Neil McCarthy , son of the sea goddess Thetis , is a young man engaged to marry Princess Andromeda , the daughter of Queen Cassiopeia  and heir to the rich city of Joppa; but has destroyed Zeus's sacred flying horses . To punish him, Zeus transforms Calibos into a deformed monster and he is exiled by his people. In revenge, Thetis transports Perseus  from Seriphos to Joppa, where he learns that Andromeda is under a curse and cannot marry unless her suitor successfully answers a riddle, whose failures are burned at the stake. Perseus, wearing a helmet that renders its wearer invisible, captures Pegasus and follows Andromeda to learn a new riddle from Calibos. Perseus is nearly killed by Calibos but escapes, losing his helmet in the process. Perseus presents himself as suitor and correctly answers the riddle, presenting the severed hand of Calibos. Perseus wins Andromeda's hand in marriage. Calibos, finding that Thetis cannot act against Perseus, instead demands that she take vengeance on Joppa. At the wedding, Queen Cassiopeia compares Andromeda's beauty to that of Thetis herself, whereupon Thetis demands Andromeda be sacrificed to the Kraken on pain of Joppa's destruction.  Perseus seeks a way to defeat the Kraken, while Pegasus is captured by Calibos and his men. Zeus commands Athena  to give Perseus her owl Bubo; but she orders Hephaestus  to build a mechanical replica of Bubo instead, who leads Perseus to the Stygian Witches . By taking their magic eye Perseus forces them to reveal that the only way to defeat the Kraken is by using the head of Medusa the Gorgon, who in this version lives at the edge of the Underworld. There, Perseus kills Medusa's canine guardian Dioskilos, who slays one of Perseus's companions; whereas two others die on encounter with Medusa herself. Perseus uses the reflective underside of his shield to deceive Medusa, decapitates her, and collects her head; but the shield is dissolved by her blood. As Perseus and his party set to return, Calibos enters their camp and punctures the cloak carrying Medusa's head, causing her blood to produce giant scorpions. Most of the men are killed; but Perseus slays the last scorpion and thereafter kills Calibos.  Weakened by his struggle, Perseus sends Bubo to bring Pegasus; this Bubo does, and later diverts the Kraken until Perseus appears on Pegasus. In the subsequent battle, Bubo and Perseus use Medusa's head to turn the Kraken into stone, and free Andromeda. The gods predict that Perseus and Andromeda will live happily, rule wisely, and produce children, and Zeus forbids the other gods to pursue vengeance against them. The likenesses of Perseus, Andromeda, Pegasus, and Cassiopeia appear as constellations."] ['It is 1976, an 8-year-old Mary Daisy Dinkle  is a lonely little girl living in Mount Waverley, Melbourne, Australia. Her relatively poor family cannot afford to buy her toys or nice clothing, and she is teased by children at her school due to an unfortunate birthmark on her forehead. Her father is distant and her alcoholic, kleptomaniac mother provides no support. The closest thing she has to a friend is the man for whom Mary collects mail, Len Hislop, a Greek Australian World War II veteran who lost his legs in combat and has developed agoraphobia. One day, by pure chance, she decides to write a letter to a man living in New York City: Max Jerry Horowitz . Max turns out to be a morbidly obese 44-year-old whose various mental problems  have left him unable to form close bonds with other people. Max decides to write back to Mary, and the two become friends. Over time, Mary\'s increasingly sensitive questions about the adult world give Max progressively worse anxiety attacks, and he is ultimately institutionalized. During his time there, Max is diagnosed with depression and Asperger syndrome. Now aware of why he has difficulty relating to other people, Max finds a new lease on life and resumes his correspondence with Mary. The two remain friends for the next two decades, keeping one another updated on various events in their lives. Mary , inspired by her friendship with Max, becomes a psychologist and marries her childhood crush, an effeminate young man named Damien Popodopoulos who enjoys sewing but fears Mary\'s sexual advances. Max wins the New York lottery, using his winnings to buy a  life-time supply of chocolate and then giving the rest away to his elderly neighbor, who wastes most of it before dying and leaving the remainder to a cat shelter only to have the owner of the shelter take it all for himself. After earning her degree, Mary writes a psychological book detailing her communication with Max, in an attempt to dissect Asperger\'s syndrome. Max is infuriated, having told Mary that he has come to terms with his illness and sees it as an integral part of his personality, not something that needs to be diagnosed and cured. Max ends his communication with Mary, sending her the "M" key from his typewriter. When Mary receives the key in the mail, she is heartbroken and has the entire run of the book pulped, effectively ending her budding career. In her despair, Mary takes up her mother\'s affection for sherry. Chronically depressed and drunk all of the time, one day Mary receives a note from Damien informing her that he has left her: he has fallen in love with his own pen pal, Desmond, a sheep farmer in New Zealand. In the meantime, Max has decided to forgive Mary, and has sent her a gift as a token of his continuing friendship. Mary is so unmanned by her depression and drunkenness, though, that she is unaware of the package that has been sitting on her doorstep for several days. Ultimately, Mary discovers some Valium that had belonged to her mother, and, not knowing that she is pregnant, decides to take her own life. Just as Mary is about to kill herself, her neighbor Len knocks on her door, having conquered his agoraphobia in order to alert her of the package on her porch. Opening it, Mary finds Max\'s reconciliation gift, along with an accompanying letter detailing the reasons why he forgives her, how much their friendship means to him, and his hope that one day their lives will intersect and they will meet in person. It is enough to jar Mary from her depression, and she decides to start her life over again. One year later, Mary travels to America with her infant son to finally visit Max. Entering his apartment, Mary discovers the now elderly Max, sitting on his couch, gazing upward, having passed away peacefully earlier that morning. Seeing this, Mary returns the removed "M" key to Max\'s typewriter and sits down next to him with her son. Looking around the apartment, Mary discovers that Max has kept many of the mementos she sent and has organized the entire ceiling into a detailed scrapbook of his friendship with Mary, composed of all of her letters from over the years, which is what he was looking at when he died. Seeing how much Max valued their friendship and how happy it made him, Mary is moved to tears of joy as the film closes.'] ["The movie is about American men building a harbour on a Caribbean island when they accidentally uncover two dinosaurs that have been frozen in suspended animation for millions of years. They are a Brontosaurus and a Tyrannosaurus rex. That night, during a storm, the beasts are struck by lightning and come back to life. The islanders have no idea that the dinosaurs are alive because of the storm and are now roaming the island. Also awoken is a caveman  who befriends Julio, an island boy, and along with the Brontosaurus get into a series of wacky misadventures, which lead to the death of the Brontosaurus and the caveman. Meanwhile the islanders have found refuge from the Tyrant Lizard King by hiding in the old fortress, which is protected by a ring of burning fuel. To ensure the Tyrannosaurus does not get in, the hero Bart  drives out to face the beast in a mechanical digger. The two duel on the edge of an island cliff and, after a tense fight, the Tyrannosaurus is knocked into water, ending the island terror.{{cite book}} The film ends with a picture of the apparently dead Tyrannosaurus on the sea bed, with 'THE END' followed by '?' superimposed. Even though the movie ended with a question mark, there was no sequel."] ['In New York harbor, Carl Denham ([[Robert Armstrong , a fierce independent film director famous for shooting animal pictures in remote and exotic locations, has recruited a bunch of macho seamen, but is unable to hire an actress for his newest project. His usual agent, Charles Weston refuses to supply anyone because of the dangerous nature of the expedition, so Carl goes wandering in the streets of New York searching for a suitable girl. He chances upon starving unemployed Ann Darrow  and tries to convince her to join him on the adventure of a lifetime, offering her the lead in his project. Although Ann is apprehensive, she has nothing to lose and agrees. They set sail aboard the Venture, a tramp steamer, and travel for weeks in the direction of Indonesia, where Denham claims they will be shooting. Despite his ongoing declarations that women have no place on board ships, the ship\'s first mate, Jack Driscoll  is obviously becoming attracted to Ann. Denham informs Driscoll he has enough trouble without the complications of a seagoing love affair. Driscoll sneers at the suggestion, reminding Denham of his toughness in past adventures. Denham\'s reply outlines the theme of the movie he is making: "The Beast was a tough guy too. He could lick the world, but when he saw Beauty, she got him. He went soft. He forgot his wisdom and the little fellas licked him." After maintaining secrecy for weeks, Denham finally tells Driscoll and Captain Englehorn  that they\'re searching for an uncharted island shown on a map in Denham\'s possession. Denham then describes something monstrous connected to the island, a legendary entity known to the islanders only as "Kong". As the Venture creeps through the fog surrounding the island, the crew hears drums in the distance. Arriving at the island\'s shore, they see a native village on a peninsula, cut off from the bulk of the island by an enormous stone wall. A landing party, including the filming crew and Ann, goes ashore and encounters the natives, who are about to hand over a girl to Kong as a ritual sacrifice. The native chief spots them, getting a clear look at Ann, and proposes to swap six native women for her. Denham delicately declines as he and his party edge away from the scene, assuring the chief that they will return tomorrow to get better acquainted. However, later that night, a stealthy contingent of natives captures Ann, takes her back to the wall, where she is presented to Kong in an elaborate ceremony, leaving her tied to columns behind the wall. Soon after, Kong emerges through the trees and is revealed to be a giant gorilla, who carries off Ann deep into the jungle. The Venture crew returns to the village and open the huge gate on the wall; half of the crew then go after Kong in hopes of rescuing Ann from his clutches. While venturing through the dense jungles, the crew discover that not only does Kong live on the island, but also prehistoric dinosaurs that have somehow escaped extinction and have continued to evolve throughout the centuries such as enraged Stegosaurus, a territorial Brontosaurus, a Snake-like Plesiosaurus and a hungry Tyrannosaurus Rex who tries to eat Ann, but Kong fights and eventually defeats it. Jack, after braving through the many obstacles the island has to offer, rescues Ann and takes her back to the village, but Kong chases after them, breaks through the large door in the wall and rampages through the village, killing many natives. Denham hurls gas bombs at Kong, knocking him out, whereupon he exults in the opportunity presented: "We\'re millionaires, boys! I\'ll share it with all of you! Why, in a few months, his name will be up in lights on Broadway! Kong! The Eighth Wonder of the World!" The next scene shows those last words in lights on a theater marquee. Along with hundreds of curious New Yorkers, Denham, Driscoll and Ann are dressed in evening wear for the gala event. The curtain lifts, and Denham presents a subdued and shackled Kong to the stunned audience. All goes well until photographers, using the blinding flashbulbs of the era, begin snapping shots of Ann and Jack, who is now her fiancé. Under the impression that the flashbulbs are attacking Ann, Kong breaks free of his bonds and escapes from the theater as the screaming audience flees. He rampages through city streets, destroying an elevated train and killing several citizens. He looks into windows, his glaring eyes looming in the windows of the wrecked elevated train Kong sees Ann in an upper floor hotel room, he reaches in the window, grabs her, and carries her to the top of the Empire State Building. He gets into a battle with a squadron of military airplanes and despite taking one of them down is wounded by gunfire and falls to his death. Ann is reunited with Driscoll. Below on the street, Denham makes his way through the gathered crowd to look upon the fallen Kong. A police lieutenant says to him "Well Denham, the airplanes got him." The film ends with Carl Denham\'s famous reply, "Oh, no, it wasn\'t the airplanes...it was Beauty killed the Beast."'] [' Halloween Town is a dream world filled with citizens such as deformed monsters, ghosts, ghouls, goblins, vampires, werewolves and witches. Jack Skellington  leads them in a frightful celebration every Halloween, but he has grown tired of the same routine year after year. Wandering in the forest outside the town center, he accidentally opens a portal to "Christmas Town". Impressed by the feeling and style of Christmas, Jack presents his findings and his  understanding of the holiday to the Halloween Town residents. They fail to grasp his meaning and compare everything he says to their idea of Halloween. He reluctantly decides to play along and announces that they will take over Christmas. Jack\'s obsession with Christmas leads him to usurp the role of Santa Claus. Every resident is assigned a task, while Sally, a rag doll woman who is created by the town\'s mad scientist, begins to feel a romantic attraction towards Jack. However, she alone fears that his plans will become disastrous. Jack assigns Lock, Shock and Barrel, a trio of mischievous children, to abduct Santa and bring him back to Halloween Town. Against Jack\'s wishes and largely for their amusement, the trio deliver Santa to Oogie Boogie, a gambling-addict bogeyman who plots to play a game with Santa\'s life at stake. Christmas Eve arrives and Sally attempts to stop Jack with fog, but he embarks into the sky on a coffin-like sleigh pulled by skeletal reindeer, guided by the glowing nose of his ghost dog Zero. He begins to deliver presents to children around the world, but the gifts  only terrify the recipients. Jack is believed to be an imposter attempting to imitate Santa, and the military goes on alert to blast him out of the sky. The sleigh is shot down and he is presumed dead by Halloween Town\'s citizens, but in fact he has survived the crash, landing in a cemetery. Although he is depressed by the failure of his plan, he quickly regains his old spirit, having come up with new ideas for next Halloween. He then rushes back home to rescue Santa and put things right. Meanwhile, Sally attempts to free Santa, but is captured by Oogie. Jack slips into the lair and frees them, then angrily confronts Oogie and unravels his outer covering to spill out all the bugs that live inside him. With Oogie gone, Santa reprimands Jack before setting off to deliver the right presents to the world\'s children. He makes snow fall over Halloween Town to show that there are no hard feelings between himself and Jack; the townspeople are confused by the snow at first, but soon begin to play happily in it. Jack reveals that he is just as romantically attracted to Sally as she is to him, and they kiss under the full moon in the cemetery.'] ['The planet Krull is invaded by an entity known as "The Beast" and his army of "Slayers," who travel the galaxy in a mountain-like spaceship called the Black Fortress. Prince Colwyn and Princess Lyssa attempt to marry and form an alliance between their rival kingdoms in the hope that their combined forces can defeat the Beast\'s army. A prophecy foretells that Lyssa will bear a child destined to rule the galaxy. The Beast has his Slayers attack the wedding before it is concluded. The castle of Lyssa\'s father, King Eirig, is destroyed and the Kings are murdered. The Kingdoms\' armies are devastated and the princess is kidnapped. Colwyn, the only survivor, is found and nursed by Ynyr the Old One. Colwyn sets out to rescue Lyssa, but he must first find "the Glaive", an ancient, magical star-shaped weapon, which he retrieves from a high mountain cave. Next, he must track down the Black Fortress, which teleports to a new location every day at sunrise. He is joined by an accident-prone magician, Ergo "the Magnificent", the cyclops Rell , and Torquil, the leader of a band of ten fugitives that includes Kegan, Rhun, and Oswyn. Colwyn enlists the convicts\' aid and in return offers them their freedom as their reward. Colwyn and Ynyr get help from the blind prophet the Emerald Seer, and his young apprentice Titch, to find the Black Fortress. However, the Beast has the seer killed before he can reveal its location. With time running short, Ynyr journeys to the Widow of the Web for aid. The Widow is actually an enchantress, also named Lyssa, who loved Ynyr long ago and was exiled to the lair of the Crystal Spider, for murdering their only child. The Widow reveals where the Beast\'s fortress will be at the next sunrise. She also gives Ynyr the sand from the enchanted hourglass that kept the Crystal Spider from attacking her. Ynyr quickly flees the web as the Crystal Spider attacks the Widow\'s prison and begins to destroy it. Ynyr returns to the group to reveal the news before he loses the last of the sand, which kills him. Colwyn and his followers use captured Fire Mares  to reach the Black Fortress, but are attacked by Slayers, who kill Rhun. When they get to the Black Fortress, Rell uses his massive strength to hold open the huge doors long enough for the others to enter. He dies when the entrance closes, crushing him. Kegan is killed by a Slayer shortly afterwards and Colwyn gets lost in the labyrinthine interior. When the Slayers try to kill Titch, Ergo magically transforms into a tiger and kills the Slayers, injuring himself while saving Titch\'s life. Torquil and Oswyn are caught in a trap with slowly closing walls studded with massive spikes. Colwyn injures the Beast with the Glaive and finds Lyssa. He is unable to recover the Glaive from the Beast\'s body. Lyssa realizes that together, their ability to project flame can finish the beast. The two use the flame to slay the Beast and they make their way out of the crumbling fortress, finding Torquil and Oswyn and retrieving Ergo and Titch. The survivors watch as the Black Fortress crumbles and is sucked up into the sky. Colwyn names Torquil as Lord Marshal, which Torquil accepts. As the heroes depart across a field, the narrator confirms that they will rule the world and their child shall rule the galaxy.'] ['One day Moomintroll wakes to notice that grey dust is covering everything in the Moominvalley. He runs to ask the philosophical Muskrat if he knows what is happening, who advises him that things tend to look like this before an awful fate coming from the sky hits the Earth. With the help of his father, Moominpappa, Moomintroll and his close friends Sniff and Snufkin build a raft and head out on a challenging journey to the observatory in the Lonely Mountains hoping to find out more from the wise professors there. The friends have to overcome several adversities in order to make it there. When they arrive, they find the professors deep in calculations. They reveal that a comet will reach the Earth in four days, four hours, four minutes and 44 seconds. The group decides to get back home as fast as they can to share the news. On the journey home, they encounter more dangerous creatures and obstacles as well as some old and new friends, including Snork Maiden and her brother Snork, who join them on their adventure. The sky continues to become redder and the air hotter. When they get to the seashore, they are shocked to see that the sea has completely dried up. A walk along the dried out sea bottom brings more excitement and danger. Eventually they make it back home to the Moominhouse and discover another shocking detail: the comet is supposed to land right in their own garden that very night. Ultimately, the big question is if they can get everybody to safety in time.<ref namehttp://www.originalmoomin.com/|titleOy Filmkompaniet Alpha Ab|dateApril 15, 2010}}'] ['One peaceful day in 1959, suddenly thousands of fishes washed out the shore. All was burned with radioactivity. And then, Tom Trevethan, an old fishermen is also burned with radioactivity. His last word was "behemoth". A huge ship, the "Triton" is also sunk and burned. Professor James Bickford, a marine biologist is also don\'t knowing what could do this all. Then, in the harbor, a man named John witnessed and photographed a strange head with a long neck of a creature. Dr. Sampson Karnes, a paleontologist identifyed it as "Paleosaurus" a prehistoric gargantuan dinosaur. He founds that the dinosaur is saturated by radiation. His genius 19-years old son Steve Karnes, suggested maybe the dinosaur is awakened by the atomic bomb tests in the Atlantic Ocean. Then, he got the ability to breathe radioactive fire. Then, suddenly, the Behemoth  surfaces in London! Behemoth wreaks havoc in the city, destroying everything in his path. Innocent peoples fell as unfortunate victims killed in the rampage, and the city was destroyed. Buildings burned, trucks were thrown, streets were in panic and ruins, then many peoples screamed and run. But, Steve had an idea. He told military to set 3000 volts of electric fences, and they do that. But, the electricity just make the Behemoth stronger. The plan backfires, and the Behemoth returned to the sea. But, thinking of the radiation, Steve makes a new idea. He invents a special gun. He knows something. Just two days later, Behemoth was found. He was moving, but Steve sets his plan. A mini-sub officer lures Behemoth to resurface in London. Then, Steve sets his newly-invented special "missile gun". He inserts the bullet: a special anti-nuclear cadmium isotope. The anti-nuclear isotope was made to a missile, and Behemoth wreaks havoc in the streets, destroying everything with his radioactive fire breath that was shoot from his mouth, claws, arms, tail and big foot. But, this time, Steve\'s plan was successful. The Behemoth was near the Empire State Building, when Steve was inside. He shoots the anti-nuclear cadmium isotope to the Behemoth\'s chest, piercing the Behemoth\'s heart. The Behemoth roared in pain as the isotope began to take effect on his radiation, and slowly killing him. Behemoth fell to the ground, and disintegrates to small nucleic particles. Steve looks, as the giant monster fades, his parts flew to the sky. Maybe, the humans had make a big mistake, and a bigger threat will came somehow....'] ['A man  embarks on an unspecified mission to infiltrate an old, decaying, abandoned house that rests in a lonely Czech countryside. Making sure not to be spotted by others, the protagonist spends six days inside the house, where he quietly and voyeuristically witnesses a series of bizarre events enacted by various living, antiquated objects  that dwell within the rooms of the house. On Monday, a box full of candies reveal themselves to be rusty nails and screws before placing themselves on the keys of a typewriter; On Tuesday, a cow tongue licks a drawer full of dishes clean before climbing into a meat grinder and being made into tiny scrolls; On Wednesday, a clockwork toy chicken breaks free of its tether and reaches a plate full of corn kernels only to be buried under a pile brown clay; On Thursday, a desk releases the pigeons that were trapped in its drawer only for them to be plucked by an unseen force, after which a chair tries to use the pigeons\' feathers to fly only to crash and shatter on the floor. On Friday, a hose emerges from the buttonhole of a suit jacket and drinks all the water from a flower vase, causing the flowers in the vase to combust, and then urinates the water onto the floor; On Friday, a pair of dentures bind a cabinet full of pigs\' feet with tough wire. On the seventh day, the man  is ready to complete the last part of his mission. He inserts sticks of dynamite into the very holes he drilled to peer into the rooms. He connects the explosives via a very long fuse to his alarm clock, modifying it into a time bomb. Just as the man is about to depart, he realizes he forgot to check off "Sunday" on his calendar, so he rushes back into the house to do so. With his mission accomplished, the man runs off into the distance, away from the doomed house.'] ['Maj. Joe Nolan  is the head of a mission to the South Pacific to retrieve an atomic rocket that vanished. Their plane crashes on a remote tropical island. They find a lone native girl  who indicates something fell from the sky onto a forbidding plateau that dominates part of the island. The party reaches the top despite numerous obstacles as viewers are subjected to long stretches of rock climbing , and discovers a lush jungle inhabited by dinosaurs. One of their party dies during the climb, another is killed by the presumed-extinct animal life, but four return to the flatland with a critical component of the rocket and escape as a dormant volcano erupts and destroys the island utterly—plateau, dinosaurs and all.'] ["In the film, the Gilgamesh is a grotesque, Picasso-esque being who moves by tricycle and patrols his box shaped kingdom that hovers above a dark abyss. The yellow walls are inscribed with calligraphic text and its seemingly vast expanse is randomly broken up by square holes from which medical hooks occasionally project. A table – a mechanism and a trap – concealing a pulsating vagina within one of its drawers, stands at the centre of Gilgamesh’s domain. High above this space are strung high-tension wires, vibrating in the wind, one caught with a broken tennis racquet. First, Gilgamesh is seen setting up a bizarre trap to lure and catch the wild man Enkidu . Enkidu appears to live in a distant forest world visible through a hatch in the side of one of the walls of the floating kingdom. Gilgamesh is seen eating dandelion fluff during the opening credits before he finishes readying the trap. Once finished, Gilgamesh retreats to a room beneath the floor of the floating kingdom, awaiting Enkidu's arrival. Sometime later, Enkidu enters and becomes intrigued by a table with an anatomical, H.R. Giger/da Vinci-esque image of a woman's muscles . The mechanism activates allowing Enkidu to look inside the image revealing a swaying piece of meat on a hook within the woman’s body. A drawer on the table opens, revealing the pulsating vagina. Ecstatic, Enkidu begins to mount the table, which sets off Gilgamesh's trap, flinging him onto the high-tension wires. An excited Gilgamesh resurfaces, retrieving the ensnared Enkidu by means of a giant gold cloth. Gilgamesh binds his captive with twine, beats him with a spiked club, and brushes his wings before cutting them off with scissors. Gilgamesh cuts the twine binding Enkidu and as the gold cloth falls to the ground the viewer is given a shot of Enkidu’s forest. The same fluff that Gilgamesh was eating earlier litters the forest floor and the viewer is allowed to observe an insect husk rapidly decay. In the end, Gilgamesh is seen riding frenzied circles around Enkidu, who is now trapped beneath the table-mechanism on which the trap was set.http://www.screenonline.org.uk/film/id/720892/index.html"] ['Special Delivery "S.D." Kluger  is introduced. His mail truck breaks down, so he begins to tell the story of Santa Claus, in order to answer children\'s letters to Santa. The story begins in a gloomy small town called Sombertown, which is ruled by the grouchy, ill-tempered, child-hating Burgermeister Meisterburger . A baby arrives on his doorstep, with a name tag reading "Claus" and note requesting that Burgermeister raise the child as his own. However, Burgermeister angrily orders his right-hand man, Grimsby  to take the baby to the "Orphan Asylum." On the way there, a gust of wind blows both sled and baby far away, to the mountains of the Whispering Winds. There, the animals hide him from the Winter Warlock , a powerful wizard who dislikes anyone trespassing his land. They bring the baby to the other side of the mountain, where he is found by an elf family by the name of Kringle, led by Tanta Kringle. They adopt him, naming him “Kris.” A few years later, Kris hopes that he can one day restore the Kringle family as "The First Toymakers to the King." However, the fact that the Kringles can\'t pass the mountains without coming across the Winter Warlock has kept them from doing so. When Kris is old enough, he volunteers to deliver the toys to Sombertown. Meanwhile, the Burgermeister has outlawed all toys in the town, having been injured by tripping over a toy duck while walking out of City Hall. He declares that anyone found possessing a toy will be arrested and thrown in the dungeon. Before Kris makes it into the town, he meets a lost penguin who he names Topper. Once Kris enters the town, he meets two children washing their stocking by a water fountain before Kris could give the children the Kringle made toys he is stopped by Miss Jessica , a schoolteacher. She is at first rude to Kris, but likes him when he offers her a China doll as a "peace offering". However, the other townspeople are even frightened by Kris saying "toy" and are questioning him about the "clothes" that he was wearing. The children of the town have been put into labor, mostly washing their stockings. Kris decides to change that and begins handing out toys. Just then, the Burgermeister arrives. Seeing the children playing with the toys, he almost arrests the children, but Kris confesses it was he that gave them the toys. He tries presenting the Burgermeister with a Yo-yo in which the Burgermeister happily played while recalling when as a child that he loved the Yo-yo and loved to do tricks with one, only for Grimsby to remind him that he\'s breaking his own law. Kris barely manages to escape the Burgermeister\'s forces. As Kris and Topper pass through the forest, the Winter Warlock\'s magic trees capture Kris and Topper. Kris tries to get out of trouble by offering the warlock one of his toys. He gives him a toy train, and melts the Warlock\'s evil icy heart. Touched by this act of kindness, the Warlock, now wanting to call himself Winter, turns to human form and befriends Kris. To repay him, Winter shows Kris how to make a magic snowball, showing that Jessica is searching for him. Kris finds Jessica, who informs him that the Burgermeister destroyed all of the toys and the children now request new ones. Kris becomes burdened every night with the ever increasing demands, while the Burgermeister implements harsher measures to ensure that he does not succeed. When Burgermeister hears that Kris is going to bring more toys, he orders all doors to be locked, before their houses are searched. Kris then uses the chimneys to get inside. The children hung their stockings by the fireplace to bluff the Burgermeister so he thinks that the stockings were being dried in front of the fireplace but it was a sign to Kris that he could put their gifts inside, so that Burgermeister can\'t find them. Growing frustrated with his inability to stop Kris, the Burgermeister sets a trap for him as he makes another delivery, as well as jails the Kringles, Topper and Winter. Jessica pleas to the Burgermeister to release Kris, the Kringle clan, and Winter but her pleas falls on deaf ears. Realising now that all of Sombertown and the Burgermeister are against her, Jessica visits the dungeon. She tries pleading Winter to use his magic to break everyone out, but the old warlock despondently feels that he has no more magic left except for a few items, including magic feed corn, but it can only make reindeer fly. Jessica gives Kris\'s reindeer friends some feed corn, and with the help of the flying deer, the Kringles, Kris, Topper, and Winter escape. After having spent months of being an outlaw and discovering that their home was destroyed by the Burgermeister troops, Kris returns to the woods, where he since he\'s a full fledge Kringle grows a beard as a disguise. Tante suggests that he return to his real birth name "Claus" for safety. Kris asks Jessica to share the name Claus with him, as his wife. After the marriage, the group travels to the North Pole, where they eventually build Santa Claus\'s Castle and Workshop. Eventually, everyone realizes how silly the Burgermeister\'s laws were. Kris\' legend goes worldwide, and, having now become Santa Claus, he realizes that he cannot keep up with all the toy requests. This leads him to his decision to visit just once a year, on December 24 Christmas Eve "The Night of Profound Love". The film ends as S.D. Kluger reflects on what Santa\'s real meaning is all about even though there are a few misguided people who do not understand what the real meaning is . Just then, though, S.D. remembers that he still has to deliver the letters to Santa. Then, joined by Topper, Winter The Kringle Bros, and a parade of children from the town once known as Sombertown, S.D. begins to sing "Santa Claus Is Coming to Town". The film\'s closing scene has Kris and Jessica in silhouette, as he puts his old hat back on his head. Then, Santa steps out of his Palace, revealing himself in full splendor.'] ['Donner the reindeer\'s wife gives birth to a baby fawn named Rudolph, but the two are shocked to discover that Rudolph\'s unusually red nose is capable of glowing. Santa Claus visits their cave to meet their son for the first time and warns them that Rudolph will be unqualified to pull the sleigh if he continues to carry the trait for the rest of his life, so Donner tries to conceal Rudolph\'s nose with dirt. A year later, Rudolph\'s parents take him to participate in the Reindeer Games , where he, along with all of the other young bucks, will be trained to fly and help Santa deliver toys. While there, Rudolph meets a friendly reindeer named Fireball, whom he quickly befriends and romps about with. The pair come across a doe named Clarice, who seems to take a romantic interest in Rudolph. Fireball encourages Rudolph to speak with Clarice as she happens to like him, giving him the strength to perform a dazzling leap into the air. However, when Rudolph and Fireball engage in a celebratory jostle, the cover pops off Rudolph\'s nose, unveiling his secret that costs him his friendship with Fireball. All of the other yearlings poke fun at Rudolph\'s nose, and he is prohibited by Coach Comet from taking part in the Reindeer Games. Clarice, who is not the least bit bothered by Rudolph\'s secret, stays around to try to comfort him. Soon after, Clarice\'s father forbids her to hang around with Rudolph, which shatters the young buck\'s heart and prompts him to make the decision to run away from home. Later, Rudolph meets an elf named Hermey who aspires to become a dentist, but is ridiculed for this ambition and has also decided to run away for the same reason. He agrees to join Rudolph and they set off together. Along the way, they meet a cheerfully boisterous, loud prospector named Yukon Cornelius, who dreams of discovering silver and gold and becoming wealthy. The trio struggle to find a place to stay when they come across a place called "The Island of Misfit Toys," where unwanted playthings with some sort of physical error or flaw go to live until the island\'s ruler, King Moonracer, a brown winged lion, manages to find homes for them. Rudolph, Yukon Cornelius, and Hermey tell King Moonracer that they need shelter, so he agrees to let them stay for one night in exchange for a promise from Rudolph; as soon as he returns to the North Pole, to ask Santa Claus to deliver the toys to children. Later that night, with everybody else asleep, Rudolph decides to leave the island knowing that his nose is going to be a burden for his friends . Eventually, Rudolph grows older and decides to go home, where he is agitated to find that his matured peers still poke fun at him. When he returns to his cave, he finds that his parents, along with Clarice, have left to search for him. Rudolph leaves to search for his family and is angered to find that they have been kidnapped by the Abominable Snow Monster, who plans to eat them. Rudolph headbutts the monster, only to end up getting knocked unconscious, Fortunately, Hermey and Yukon Cornelius, who have been searching for Rudolph, eventually find him and rush to his aid. They distract the monster by knocking him unconscious, allowing Hermey to extract his teeth. Rudolph awakens, but he and his family are unable to escape with the toothless beast blocking the entrance to the cave. Yukon Cornelius chases the Abominable Snow Monster to a cliff, where he dogpiles the monster and they both fall over. He is assumed by his saddened companions to be dead. The misfits return home and are no longer mocked by their peers, who are sympathetic upon hearing their story. Much to the surprise and relief of Rudolph and Hermey, Yukon Cornelius returns with a tamed Abominable Snow Monster, whom he has taught to place a star on top of a Christmas tree. The now reformed monster decides to live with Santa Claus and the other residents of the North Pole. However, a horrific blizzard is about to prevent Santa from embarking on his annual journey. While announcing the news to the elves and reindeer, he is caught by Rudolph\'s gleaming nose and asks him to lead his sleigh. Rudolph agrees, and they set off to deliver the presents, but not without giving the misfit toys a lift before the credits roll.'] ['Danish miners dig up a section of a giant reptile\'s tail from the frozen grounds in Lapland, where they are drilling. The section is flown to the Danish Aquarium in Copenhagen, where it is preserved in a cold room for scientific study. But due to careless mishandling, the room is left open and the section begins to thaw, only for scientists to find that it is starting to regenerate. Professor Martens, who is in charge of the Aquarium, dubs the reptilian species "Reptilicus"  and compares its regeneration abilities to that of other animals like earthworms and starfish. Once fully regenerated from the tail section, Reptilicus goes on an unstoppable rampage from the Danish countryside to the panic-stricken streets of Copenhagen , before finally being killed with poison by ingenious scientists and military officers. However, the monster\'s foot is not destroyed and sinks to the bottom of the sea. The movie is left open-ended, with the possibility that the foot could regenerate.'] ['A small family relocates to the Sonoran Desert, to be closer to the grandparents of the family. Though there are news reports of a spectacular triple supernova, and the young granddaughter has seen a glowing alien construction behind the barn, the family is at ease until, one night, a UFO soars over head and appears to land in the nearby hills. Apparently, the triple supernova has opened a rift in space and time. The family finds that their electrical appliances no longer function, and the youngest daughter of the family has a telepathic encounter with an extraterrestrial. The grandmother, too, sees one of these diminutive creatures beckoning to her, but it soon vanishes. The grandfather, while trying to start the car, sees that a strange animal is approaching from the distance. The grandfather goes back inside and informs the family that something is coming; before long, a variety of horrific, alien monsters  are proceeding to slaughter each other outside the house; some are trying to break in  and kill the family. After a few moments, the same UFO from before appears in the sky, and teleports the creatures to a different place. The family take this opportunity to escape to the barn, which is more easily defensible than the house. The family become separated from one another and each hides until sunrise, where they find that they have been launched thousands of years into the future. They meet up with the daughter, who had become separated from the family during one of the time-warp events. She knows, somehow, that everything is going to be fine now. After walking across the desert, they finally see a domed city in the distance, and decide to seek refuge there. The grandfather proclaims that there must be a purpose to all of this. The family walks off into the distance, having survived the day time ended.'] ['In the faraway eternally busy city of Din, live the black-and-white Rushers, who constantly go about their business in a fast-paced way and stop only to sleep. Din lies in between two worlds that create dreams to deliver to the sleeping Rushers - one is the bright and cheerful Frivoli, where Greensleeves and his Figmen of Imagination bring sweet dreams, and the other is the Murkworks, a dark and dingy factory home to vultures who drop nightmare bombs. The evil {{Proper name}} Botch, maniacal ruler of the Murkworks wants to foil Greenie\'s efforts and subject the Rushers to non-stop waking nightmares. He uses his vultures to kidnap the Figs and Greensleeves, but not before Greensleeves writes an S.O.S. to Frivoli. Meanwhile, two misfits known as Ralph The All Purpose Animal , and Mumford, a Chaplin-esque mime, are put on trial for their incompetence at work. Determined to prove they can do something right, Ralph and Mumford take on the job of garbagemen. As they dump garbage over a large hill, they meet Flora Fauna, Greensleeves\'s niece, who has found her uncle\'s S.O.S and wants to find him. Botch spies on the three through Ibor, his robot gorilla, and uses Ralph and Mum\'s desire to be heroes to his advantage. After introducing himself as a friend of "Greenie", he cons the three that in order to save Greensleeves, they need to go into Din and steal the main spring from the Cosmic Clock. Flora stays behind to act the part of the damsel in distress for Botch\'s nightmares. Mumford and Ralph release the spring which causes time to freeze. They chase the spring throughout Din, but Botch sends his vultures to steal the spring from them and begin planting nightmare bombs. A Fairy Godmother, or FGM as she likes to be called, twinkles in to tell our heroes that they have been tricked and gives them three dimes to make a phone booth appear in case they need her help. FGM also recruits the help of the dim-witted but musclebound Rod Rescueman to aid them. Rod is more interested in rescuing Fauna, however, and abandons the boys to find her. Ralph and Mum find nightmare bombs scattered all over an office, ready to be set off by Botch once he starts time starts again. Mumford accidentally sets a bomb off and the two are trapped in a nightmare where they are chased and nearly killed by office supplies come to life. When they are finally freed from the nightmare, the Fairy Godmother transports them back to Frivoli and tells they\'re better off giving up after all the mistakes they\'ve made and fires them from the hero business. This only further strengthens Ralph and Mum\'s resolve to do right. Meanwhile, Rod "rescues" Flora from the Murkworks and attempts to get a kiss from her. She tries to escape from his floating apartment in the sky and falls. She survives, however, when she lands on a mechanical serpent that attempts to stop Ralph and Mum from reaching the Murkworks. The trio and Rod storm their way in with the help of Scuzzbopper, Botch\'s former nightmare screenwriter, who decides to aid them after Botch destroyed his recently completed novel. Rod and Flora rescue Greenie and the Figs but have to contend with Ibor. Rod tries to save Flora again but fails, and Flora destroys the robot herself. Mum and Ralph take on Botch as the vultures fly the spring back to Din. When it seems Botch has killed Mum, Ralph finally manages to control his shapeshifting and tricks Botch into pushing "The Big Red One", detonating every bomb before time is restarted. Just as Botch is about to kill Ralph for ruining his plans, one last nightmare bomb appears and rolls toward Botch. Terrified at being subjected to his own nightmare, Botch leaps out the window and is carried away by his angry vultures . Ralph finds the bomb was really Mumford, who survived Botch\'s attack and hid in an empty shell. The two now consider themselves heroes and earn kisses from Flora. The spring returns to the Cosmic Clock of its own will, and restarts the flow of time, but at a pace where the Rushers can enjoy life.'] ["Scientist Russell Marvin and his new bride Carol are driving to work when a flying saucer appears overhead then zooms away. Without proof of the encounter other than a tape recording of the ship's sound, Dr. Marvin is hesitant to notify his bosses. He is in charge of Project Skyhook, an American space program that has already launched 10 research satellites into orbit. General Hanley, Carol's father, returns from an investigation and informs Marvin that many of the satellites have crashed. Marvin admits that he has lost contact with all of them and privately suspects alien involvement. The Marvins themselves witness the eleventh falling from the sky. When a saucer lands at the lab the next day soldiers immediately begin firing upon it, killing one alien who has left the ship, but the others and the ship itself are protected by the saucer's force field. The aliens then destroy the base, killing everyone but the Marvins, who are trapped underground. The general is kidnapped and taken away in the saucer. Russell records a broadcast from the aliens and plays it on a tape recorder, which just happened to be running low on its batteries. The message is slowed down enough that ther aliens' message can be understood: they wanted to meet with Dr. Marvin. Once rescued from the sub-basement, Marvin plays the message for his superiors, but they have to wait for authorization. Impatient, Marvin contacts the aliens and steals away to meet them, but Carol and Major Huglin follow him. They and a motorcycle cop are taken aboard a spaceship resting on Malibu Beach. They discover that the aliens have extracted knowledge from Gen. Hanley's brain, and now have him under their control, although they reassure Carol that they can restore him. They also claim to be the last of their species and that they shot down the satellites because they thought they were weapons. As proof of their power, the aliens give Marvin the coordinates of where they sank a destroyer that had fired on them. the humans are released with the message that the aliens want to meet the world's leaders in 56 days in Washington, D.C. to negotiate an occupation. The flying saucers are invulnerable to conventional weapons, but from his observations Marvin develops an ultra-sonic weapon, which is later upgraded to an effective anti-magnetic weapon. He feverishly starts building a prototype, and just as he finishes, a saucer arrives. Marvin tests his weapon and the saucer is disabled enough to send it wobbling away. As they leave, the aliens jettison Gen. Hanley and another captive, who fall to their deaths. Groups of alien ships then show up in the skies over Washington, Paris, London, and Moscow, and begin destroying everything. But there are enough of Dr. Marvins' new truck-mounted weapons deployed in Washington, D.C. to slowly shoot them down. One saucer clips and topples the Washington Monument, while another crashes into the Capitol Building and a third into Union Station. The defenders also discover that the aliens are vulnerable to small arms fire once they leave the immediate force fields of their saucers."] ['{{In-universe}} Seymour S. Sassafrass, an eccentric, yet friendly peddler, and inventor, tells the tale of Peter Cottontail, a young Easter Bunny who lives in April Valley, where the Chief Easter Bunny supervises such Easter items as colored eggs and chocolate candy. Colonel Wellington B. Bunny, the retiring Chief Easter Bunny, names young Peter his successor despite Peter\'s propensity for boasting and telling fibs, which is exemplified when his left ear droops. Peter, who has dreamed of being the Chief Easter Bunny almost his entire life, gladly accepts. But not everyone in April Valley is happy with the Colonel\'s decision. January Q. Irontail, an evil, reclusive rabbit villain who lives in a craggy old tree, alone except for his assistant, a bat named Montresor, wants to be the Chief Easter Bunny... but only so he can ruin it for children everywhere, as revenge for the loss of his tail, which was run over by a small child who rollerskated over his fluffy tail , and replaced with an iron prosthesis. Because the constitution of April Valley says only the rabbit who delivers the most eggs on Easter morning can be Chief Easter Bunny, Irontail proposes that Colonel Bunny hold a contest between himself and Peter to see who wins. Peter, eager to prove his worth, accepts Irontail\'s challenge even as Colonel Bunny is preparing to turn the evil rabbit down. Although Peter promises the Colonel that he won\'t fail, he stays up late partying with his friends. Though he sets his rooster to wake him up at 5:30 AM, Irontail sabotages his friend by giving it magical "corn flavored" bubblegum. The magic gum causes the rooster\'s crows to float so far away that Peter can\'t hear them, resulting in Peter sleeping through and losing the contest. Even though the unfriendly Irontail manages to deliver only one egg, it\'s still one more egg than Peter delivers and so Irontail is named the new Chief Easter Bunny, as per the constitution. Immediately, Irontail begins to wreck Easter by passing ridiculous new laws that will doubtless make the entire holiday a complete disaster. Meanwhile, Peter, ashamed that his overconfidence and irresponsibility led to this tragedy, leaves April Valley in disgrace and shame. He happens upon Seymour S. Sassafrass, who  is also the friendly man who supplies April Valley with the dyes it uses to color its Easter eggs. He gets them from his "Garden of Surprises", which includes red, white, and blue cabbages, purple corn, striped tomatoes, and orange string beans. Proving to be a very compassionate and understanding man , Sassafrass offers to let Peter use his latest invention, the Yestemorrowmobile, a time machine. With the help of its pilot, a French caterpillar named Antoine, Peter will be able to go back to Easter and retake the contest. Unfortunately, Irontail finds out about Peter\'s plan and sends his spider to sabotage the Yestemorrowmobile\'s controls, thereby making it so that Peter and Antoine can go to any holiday but Easter! While Antoine tries to fix the machine, they find out that the rules of the contest, however, don\'t specifically say the eggs must be delivered on Easter, so Peter begins trying to give his eggs away at other holidays, without success. But Peter continues to attempt to persevere in his quest, even though no one seems to want eggs on any holiday except Easter. Along the way, he rescues Bonnie, a talking Easter bonnet, during Christmas Eve and meets Donna, a lovely girl bunny with whom he briefly celebrates Valentine\'s Day. Antoine gets left behind accidentally in a town back on Christmas Eve. But Peter\'s biggest problem is still Irontail and Montresor the bat; who are always trying to steal the eggs, or otherwise sabotage Peter\'s efforts , eventually succeeding in turning the eggs a mottled green color. After one final failed attempt to pitch the green eggs on Washington\'s Birthday, he finally manages to give them away on St. Patrick\'s Day, since they are the appropriate color for the occasion. As a result, Peter is crowned Chief Easter Bunny, and Antoine returns as a butterfly; Peter also goes and delivers a new batch of Easter eggs to the characters from the other respective holidays. And while everyone marches down the bunny trail in a big Easter Parade, Irontail gets demoted to Janitor of the April Valley Sanitation Department. In the end of the film, all of the characters  say "Happy Easter Day!"'] ['Fed up with spring cleaning, Mole ventures out of his underground home. He goes for a walk in the countryside and soon comes to a river where he meets and befriends Ratty . Rat takes Mole on a picnic and they briefly meet Badger and try to strike up a conversation with him, but he just mutters "Hmmm! Company!" and walks off home. Rat starts to warn Mole of the Wild Wood and its inhabitants, but they are interrupted by the arrival of the Chief weasel and his henchman. While the Chief distracts them, his henchmen steals a jar of potted meat and they make their getaway. Rat takes Mole to visit their friend Toad at Toad Hall and Toad asks them to come with him on a caravan trip on the Open Road. Rat really misses his home on the river but does not want to disappoint his friends. On the Open Road disaster strikes as a passing motorcar sends the caravan into a ditch. Toad suddenly decides he no longer wants to travel by horse and cart and thinks that motor cars are the only way to travel. Rat and Mole can do nothing but look on as Toad buys and then almost immediately crashes his cars one after another. By now, Rat and Mole are extremely worried and they decide to Call on Badger to see if he has any suggestions, If there\'s anyone Toad will listen to, it\'s Badger. Mole decides to go alone to the wild wood to see Badger, and asks a weasel for directions to Badger\'s house, but he tells Mole the wrong way to go and he becomes scared and lost. Rat soon notices Mole\'s absence and finds a note written by Mole telling him where he has gone. Rat takes some pistols and a cudgel and hurries along to the wild wood to find him. After Rat finds Mole, they Literally stumble across Badger\'s house  and rat knocks on the door. Badger, annoyed at his relaxing night being disturbed, opens the door and gets ready to tell off whoever it is who has interrupted his rest, but on seeing that it is Rat and Mole outside, he lets them in. They warm themselves in front of the fire and Badger offers them them each a hot drink. They discuss Toad\'s careless driving. The next morning they turn up at Toad Hall and try to tell Toad that what he is doing is wrong, and attempt to make him promise that he will never go near a motor car again, but Toad won\'t listen to Badger\'s advice and the three lock Toad in his bedroom. Toad feigns illness and asks Rat to fetch a lawyer. Toad then escapes and Rat, Badger and Mole chase Toad but can\'t find him. Toad stops a motorist "Reggie" and his wife "Rosemary," tricks them and steals their car, and shouts insults at a policeman, calling him "Fat face!". Meanwhile Mole becomes homesick and he and Rat visit Mole End and spend Christmas there. Some Caroling field mice turn up and after they have finish their song, Rat and Mole invite them inside for a drink, but they don\'t have very good news to share. Toad has been arrested. Toad is sentenced to; "12 months for the theft, three years for furious driving, and fifteen years for the cheek", with another year added for "being vain!" The Jailer\'s Daughter feels sorry for Toad and helps him escape by disguising him as a "Washerwoman". Toad acts his way as the humble "washerwoman" into a train driver at a local railway giving him a free ride home, but it isn\'t long until another train full of Police; Reggie, Rosemary, the Magistrate and the Clerk are after him. Toad is found out but the engine driver still lets him escape. Toad calls in at Rat\'s on the way home and Rat tells him the Weasels have over thrown Badger and taken over Toad Hall. Toad is upset after losing his ancestral home but Badger has a plan. The next night, the friends sneak through the secret tunnel and fight the weasels. But he manages to fall on top of the Chief Weasel and knock him unconscious. After victory, Badger, Mole, and Ratty settle down and think of the peaceful future, until Toad flies by in his new "Flying Machine". Differences between the Novel and the Feature Film. 1. When Mole goes to row Ratty\'s boat - In the book they fall into the river. In the film they remain dry. 2. The Picnic - In the book Otter joins them. In the film their picnic is disturbed by the weasels. 3. In the book the weasels really only have a small role. They take over Toad Hall and when the four friends go into battle for Toad Hall the weasels just run away. In the film they are depicted as more evil and sinister. They block road signs when Toad is driving his motor cars to make him crash. They petrify Mole in the Wild Wood to try and stop him from finding Badger\'s house and getting Badger\'s help to stop Toad\'s motoring insanity and they are also in the jury of the court room when Toad is being sentenced. And in the Battle for Toad hall they fight Toad and his friends. Though of course the friends win. 4. Three chapters of the book are omitted from the film: "The Further Adventures of Toad", "Wayfarer\'s All" and "The Piper at the Gates of Dawn." These chapters were adapted as TV episodes in the first series of The Wind in the Willows. 5. The character of Otter is not included, though he is in the Television series.'] ["A couple had three sons, and the youngest was a fool. One day, the Tsar declared that whoever made him a ship that could sail through the air would marry his daughter. The older two set out, with everything their parents could give them; then the youngest set out as well, despite their ridicule and being given less fine food. He met a little man and, when the man asked to share, he hesitated only because it was not fit. But when he opened it, the food had become fine. The man told him how to strike a tree with an axe; then, he was not to look at it but fall to his knees. When he was lifted up, he would find the tree had been turned into a boat, and could fly it to the Tsar's palace, but he should give anyone who asked a lift. He obeyed. On the way, he met and gave a lift to a man who was listening to everything in the world, a man who hopped on one leg so that he would not reach the end of the world in one bound, a man who could shoot a bird at a hundred miles, a man who needed a great basket of bread for his breakfast, a man whose thirst could not be sated by a lake, a man with a bundle of wood that would become soldiers, and a man with straw that would make everything cold. At the Tsar's place, the Tsar did not want to marry the princess to a peasant. He decided to send him to the end of the world to get healing water, before the Tsar finished his dinner. But the man who could hear heard him and told the youngest son, who lamented his fate. The fleet-footed man went after it. He fell asleep by the spring, and the huntsman shot the tree he was leaning against to wake him up, and he brought back the water in time. The Tsar then ordered him to eat twelve oxen and twelve tons of bread, but the glutton ate them all. The Tsar then ordered him to drink forty casks of wine, with forty gallons each, but the thirsty man drank them all. The Tsar said that the betrothal would be announced after the youngest son bathed, and went to have him stifled in the bath by heat. The straw cooled it, saving him. The King demanded that he present him with an army on the spot, and with the wood, the youngest son had it and threatened to attack if the Tsar did not agree. The Tsar had him dressed in fine clothing, and the princess fell in love with him on sight. They were married, and even the glutton and the thirsty man had enough to eat and drink at the feast."] ["Madame Tutli-Putli boards a night train for a mysterious and suspenseful journey. When train robbers cut open a man's stomach and steal his kidneys, she tries to escape."] ['A sixth century post-Roman kingdom called Urland To appease the dragon, King Casiodorus  offers it virgin girls selected by lottery twice a year. An expedition led by a young man called Valerian  seeks the last sorcerer, Ulrich of Craggenmoor , for help. A brutish centurion from Urland named Tyrian , who has followed the expedition, intimidates the wizard. Ulrich invites Tyrian to stab him to prove his magical powers. Tyrian does so and Ulrich dies instantly, to the horror of his young apprentice Galen Bradwarden  and his elderly servant Hodge . They cremate Ulrich\'s body and place the ashes in a leather pouch. Galen inherits the wizard\'s magical amulet, and takes it upon himself to journey to Urland. On the way, he accidentally discovers Valerian is really a young woman, who disguised herself to avoid being selected in the lottery. In an effort to discourage the expedition, Tyrian kills Hodge; before dying, he hands Galen the pouch and dies with the words "Burning water..." on his lips. Arriving in Urland, Galen inspects the dragon\'s lair and attempts to seal its entrance by causing rocks to fall from the cliff. Tyrian apprehends Galen and takes him to the court of King Casiodorus. After noticing Galen\'s constant grasping of the amulet during his clumsy attempts at magic tricks, King Casiodorus guesses that he is not a real wizard and complains that his attack may have angered the dragon instead of killing it, as his own brother and predecessor once did. The king then confiscates the amulet and imprisons Galen. His daughter Elspeth  comes to taunt Galen, but is shocked when he informs her of rumours the lottery is rigged. Casiodorus is unable to lie convincingly when she confronts him. Meanwhile, the dragon frees itself from its prison and causes an earthquake. Galen narrowly escapes, but without the amulet. The village priest, Brother Jacopus , leads his congregation to confront the dragon, denouncing it as the Devil, but the dragon incinerates him and then heads for the village, burning all in its path. When the lottery begins anew, Princess Elspeth rigs the draw so that only her name can be chosen, in reparation. The King returns the amulet to Galen so that he might save Elspeth. Galen uses the amulet to enchant a heavy spear  forged strong enough to pierce the dragon\'s armored hide. Meanwhile, Valerian gathers some molted dragon scales and uses them to make Galen a shield, and the two realize they have romantic feelings for one another. She discovers that Vermithrax has a brood of dragonets. As Galen attempts to rescue Princess Elspeth, he fights and kills Tyrian. The Princess, however, has descended into the dragon\'s cave to her death. Galen follows her and finds the young dragons feasting upon her corpse. He kills them and then finds Vermithrax nesting by an underground lake of fire. He manages to wound the monster but the spear is broken and only Valerian\'s shield saves him from incineration. After his failure to kill Vermithrax, Valerian convinces Galen to leave the village with her. As the two lovers prepare to leave, the amulet gives Galen a vision that explains his teacher\'s final wishes. Ulrich had asked that his ashes be spread over "burning water", and Galen realizes that the wizard had planned his own death and cremation after realizing he was not in the condition to make the journey by himself, and used Galen to deliver him to Urland to fight the dragon. Galen then returns to the cave, spreading the ashes and the wizard is resurrected from the flames of the burning lake. Ulrich reveals that his time is short and that Galen must destroy the amulet when the time is right. The wizard then transports himself to a mountaintop and attracts the dragon\'s attention. After a brief battle, the monster grabs the old man and flies away with him. Galen crushes the amulet with a rock, causing the wizard to explode and killing the dragon. Inspecting the wreckage, the villagers credit God with the victory, while the king arrives and drives a sword into the dragon\'s broken carcass to claim the glory for himself. As Galen and Valerian leave Urland together, he confesses that he misses both Ulrich and the amulet, and they both realize that the age of wizards and dragons may be finished. But when he says, out loud, "I just wish we had a horse", as if on cue, a white horse appears to take the incredulous lovers away.'] ["Tara takes Sanna to his seaside tribe, who worship the sun, where a plesiosaur that was roped, escapes temporarily, but is recaptured and burned to death. At the feast afterwards, we learn that a brunette woman, Ayak, is interested in Tara, but he is fascinated with Sanna who has set up a hut. He brings her food. After a fight between Sanna and Ayak in the water, Sanna's former tribe arrives, looking for her. She flees and is followed by pursuers. Hiding in a tree, a boa tries to wrap itself around her but attacks and kills one of the men, whom the three other men can't help. They think Sanna is in a nearby cave, but a Chasmosaurus attacks instead, wounding the men. Vultures, not content as scavengers, take swipes at the wounded. When Tara seeks Sanna, he finds the one man dead and, after the triceratops charges and runs off a cliff, rescues the others. A funeral pyre at sea is followed by a tribal frenzy during which Sanna's hut gets burned and Tara runs away. Sanna meanwhile has faced a vicious prehistoric long-tongued lizard and is nearly eaten by a plant. She cuts off her hair to escape the plant. Tara unfortunately thinks Sanna has been eaten by the man-eating plant. Sanna sleeps in a large dinosaur eggshell. The other egg hatches and the dinosaur imprints. The parent, thinking Sanna has hatched, brings her a deer carcass. Sanna plays with her new sibling. She dives and catches fish in her teeth. She finds her dinosaur involved in a fight with a few men, and she calls off the dinosaur. After an incident involving Tara vs. a giant Rhamphorhynchus, he and Sanna reunite and go to her cave, witnessed by a lookout. When Tara returns to the tribe, he is challenged, tied to a raft, and set to sea with the raft burning. A Mosasaur knocks over the raft; Tara escapes and staggers back to Sanna. But the tribe is still searching for Sanna, and see smoke from her fire. The two run, swim, climb, and witness some dinosaur fights, but are captured. Sanna's dino sibling rescues her, but Tara they prepare to burn again. A giant crab kills a few men as the weather grows ominous again. The moon seems to be forming, and a tidal wave looms. Sanna arrives to save Tara from the giant crab, and a raft escape begins to take shape. The tribal leader tries commanding the water to heel. Tara gets sucked into quicksand, and the leader is drowned. Sanna and Ayak and two other people survive and witness an eclipse, as now the moon exists."] ["The pig Desmond and his friends are haunted by the terrible monster Träskpatraske. Granted, they are not sure he even exists, but who else could have snatched evil Wille's electric guitar, Sebastian Hare's boxing gloves and Bittan Cow's stock of makeup?"] ['Young filmmaker and scientist Victor Frankenstein lives with his parents and dog Sparky in the quiet town of New Holland. Concerned with his son\'s isolation, Victor\'s father encourages him to take up baseball and make achievements outside of science. Victor hits a home run at his first game, but Sparky, pursuing the ball, is killed by a car. Inspired by his science teacher Mr. Rzykruski\'s demonstration of the effect of electricity on dead frogs, a depressed Victor digs up Sparky\'s corpse, brings him to his makeshift laboratory in the attic, and successfully reanimates him with lightning. Seeing a cat, the undead Sparky escapes from the attic and explores the neighborhood. He is recognized by Victor\'s hunchbacked classmate Edgar Gore, who blackmails Victor into teaching him how to raise the dead. The two reanimate a dead goldfish, which turns invisible due to an error with the experiment. Edgar brags about the undead fish to their other classmates—Nassor, Toshiaki, Bob, and a girl nicknamed "Weird Girl"—sparking their own interest in reanimation so they can show off their resurrected pets at the town science fair. Victor\'s parents discover Sparky in the attic and are frightened, causing the dog to flee. Victor and his parents search for Sparky while the classmates invade the lab, discovering Victor\'s reanimation formula. The classmates separately perform their experiments, which go awry and turn the dead animals into monsters—Weird Girl\'s living cat Mr. Whiskers holds a dead bat while it is electrocuted, turning him into a vampire cat; Edgar turns a dead rat he found in the garbage into a wererat; Nassor revives his mummified hamster Colossus; Toshiaki\'s turtle Shelley is covered in a growth formula and turns into a giant Gamera-like monster; and Bob\'s Sea-Monkeys grow into amphibious humanoid monsters. The monsters break loose into the town fair where they wreak havoc. After finding Sparky at the town cemetery, Victor sees the monsters attacking the fair and goes to help his classmates deal with them—-the Sea-Monkeys explode after eating salt-covered popcorn, and Colossus is stepped on by Shelley, while the rat and Shelley are returned to their original, deceased forms after being electrocuted. During the chaos, the town mayor\'s niece Elsa van Helsing, who is also Victor\'s crush, is grabbed by Mr. Whiskers and carried to the town windmill. The townsfolk blame Sparky for her disappearance and chase him to the windmill, which the mayor accidentally ignites with his torch. Victor and Sparky enter the burning windmill and rescue Elsa, but Victor is trapped inside. Sparky rescues Victor, only to be dragged back inside by Mr. Whiskers. Both pets are killed when the windmill collapses. To reward Sparky for his bravery, the townsfolk gather to revive Sparky with their car batteries, reanimating him once more.'] ['A robot with human like features finds himself in a fast labyrinth full of traps. As it tries to escape, it must face emotional and psychological challenges.'] ['{{Plot}} While preparing to leave the forest moon of Endor, the Towani family , the Ewok village is attacked by a group of marauders  led by Terak and his witch-like sorceress Charal. Many Ewoks are killed, along with Catrine and Mace, and Jaremitt. Cindel\'s escape is short-lived, she is captured by Charal and placed in a prisoner carriage, where she is reunited with the ewok Wicket. The two escape and meet Teek, a small fast native of Endor. Teek takes Wicket and Cindel to the home of Noa Briqualon, a human man who is angered by their uninvited presence and throws them out. Eventually he proves himself to be a kindhearted man, letting Teek steal food for them and inviting the two in when they attempt to build a fire for warmth. At the marauders\' castle, Charal is ordered by Terak to find Cindel, assuming she knows how to use "the power" in the energy cell stolen from Jaremitt. Meanwhile, Noa, Cindel, and Wicket are becoming friends. It is revealed that Noa is rebuilding his own broken Star Cruiser, only missing the energy cell. Cindel is awakened one morning by a song her mother used to sing to her. She follows the voice to find a beautiful woman singing. The woman transforms into Charal, who takes her to Terak. He orders her to activate "the power." When she cannot, she and Charal are both imprisoned with the Ewoks. Outside, Noa, Wicket, and Teek sneak into the castle, making their way to the cellblock, where they free Cindel and the other Ewoks. They escape with the energy cell. Terak, Charal, and the marauders trace them back to the ship, where Wicket leads the Ewoks in defense of the ship, and Noa installs the energy cell in his ship. The Ewoks put up a valiant effort, and are nearly beaten by the time Noa powers up the ship and uses the its laser cannons to fend off the marauders. When Cindel goes to save Wicket, she is captured by Terak, even as the other marauders retreat. Terak and Noa face off, with Noa simultaneously killing Terak and leaving Charal trapped in bird form for eterntiy. Shortly thereafter, goodbyes are said as Noa and Cindel leave the forest moon of Endor aboard Noa\'s starship.'] [' In the 1930\'s, James Henry Trotter is a young boy who lives with his parents by the sea in the United Kingdom. On James\'s birthday, they plan to go to New York City and visit the Empire State Building, the tallest building in the world. However, his parents are later killed by a ghostly rhinoceros from the sky and finds himself living with his two cruel aunts, Spiker and Sponge. He is forced to work all day and they threaten him with beatings to keep him in line and taunt him about the mysterious rhino and other hazards if he tries to leave. While rescuing a spider from being squashed by his aunts, James meets a mysterious man with a bag of magic green "crocodile tongues", which he gives to James to make his life better. The soldier warns him not to lose the "tongues" and disappears. When James is returning to the house, he trips and the "tongues" escape into the ground. One peach is soon found on a withered old tree, and grows into immense proportions. Spiker and Sponge use the giant peach as an attraction, making lots of money as James watches from the house, not allowed to leave. That night, James is sent to pick up the garbage. While doing so, he grabs a chunk of the peach to eat as one of the "crocodile tongues" jumps into it. A large hole appears inside the peach and James crawls inside, where he finds and befriends a group of life-size anthropomorphic bugs who also dream of an ideal home . As they hear the aunts search for James, Centipede manages to cut the stem holding the giant peach to the tree and the peach rolls away to the Atlantic Ocean with James and his friends inside it, seemingly squashing Spiker and Sponge\'s antique car as they try to chase it. Remembering his dream to visit New York City, James and the insects decide to go there. They use Miss Spider\'s silk to capture and tie a hundred seagulls to the peach stem, while battling against a giant robotic shark. They escape just in time. While flying, James and his friends eventually find themselves hungry and soon realize that "their whole ship is made out of food". After gorging most of the inside of the peach, Miss Spider, while using her web to tuck in James, reveals to him that she was the spider he saved from Spiker and Sponge. James then has a nightmare of him as a caterpillar attacked by Spiker, Sponge, and the rhino. When he wakes up, he and his friends find themselves in Antarctica, lost and cold. The Centipede has fallen asleep while keeping watch, resulting in them further away from their destination than ever. After hearing the Grasshoper wishing they had a compass, Centipede jumps off the peach into the icy water below and searches a sunken ship. He finds a compass but is taken prisoner by a group of skeletal pirates. James and Miss Spider rescue him and the journey continues. As the group finally reaches New York City, a storm appears. A flash of lightning reveals the rhino approaching towards them. James is terrified but faces his fears and gets his friends to safety before the rhino strikes the peach with lightning; The strings keeping the seagulls attached to the peach are cut and the peach falls to the city, dragging James with it. James coughs up the crocodile tongue as he reawakens, and emerges from the peach realizing it has landed right on top of the Empire State Building. After being rescued by the police and firefighters, Spiker and Sponge arrive, supposedly having driven their car across the seabed, and attempt to take back James and the peach. James stands up to Spiker and Sponge, and they attempt to kill James. Using the remaining seagulls, the bugs arrive in New York City. They tie up Spiker and Sponge with Miss Spider\'s silk and the police arrest them both. James introduces his friends and allows the children of New York to eat up the peach. The peach stone is made into a house in Central Park, where James lives with the bugs and has the friends he could wish for. Centipede runs for New York mayor, Grasshopper becomes a professional violinist, Earthworm becomes a mascot for a new cream, Ladybug becomes a nurse, Glowworm lights up the Statue of Liberty, Miss Spider owns a club called "Spider Club", and James celebrates his 8th birthday with his new family. In a post-credits scene, a new arcade game called "Spike the Aunts" is shown, featuring the rhino.'] ['In a temple in an unknown location in Nepal, a young boy with mystical abilities &mdash; the Golden Child &mdash; receives badges of station and demonstrates his power to the monks of the temple by reviving a dead bird, which becomes a constant companion. However, a band of villains led by a mysterious man, Sardo Numspa , breaks into the hidden temple, slaughters the monks and abducts the boy. Some time afterwards, a young woman named Kee Nang  watches a Los Angeles TV show in which social worker Chandler Jarrell talks about his latest case, a missing girl named Cheryll Mosley. She seeks him out the next day and informs him of the kidnapping of the Golden Child and that he is the \'Chosen One\' who would save the Child. Chandler does not take this seriously, even after the astral form of the Child and his bird familiar begin following him. Soon Cheryll Mosley is found, dead from blood loss, near an abandoned house smeared with Tibetan graffiti and a pot full of blood-soaked oatmeal. Kee Nang reveals to him that this house was a holding place for the Child and introduces Chandler to Doctor Hong, a mystic expert, and Kala . The three track down a motorcycle gang, the Yellow Dragons, which Cheryll had joined, and Chinese restaurant owner Tommy Tong, a henchman of Numspa, to whom Cheryll had been \'sold\' for her blood, used to make the Child vulnerable to earthly harm. Tong, however, is killed by Numspa as a potential traitor. Still not taking the case too seriously, Chandler is drawn by Numspa—whom Chandler begins to continuously call "Numsy"—into a controlled dream, where he receives a burn mark on his arm. Numpspa also presents his demands: the Ajanti Dagger  in exchange for the boy. Chandler finally agrees to help, and he and Kee Nang spend the night together. Chandler and Kee travel to Tibet, where Chandler is apparently swindled by an old amulet seller, who is revealed as the High Priest of the temple where the dagger is kept hidden and, subsequently, Kee\'s father . In order to obtain the blade, Chandler has to pass a test: an obstacle course in a bottomless cavern whilst carrying a glass of water without spilling a drop. With luck and wits, Chandler recovers the blade and even manages to bring it past customs into the United States. Numspa and his henchmen attack Chandler and Kee. The Ajanti Dagger is lost to the villains, and Kee takes a crossbow bolt meant for Chandler, and dies in his arms confessing her love for him. Doctor Hong and Kala offers him hope, for as long as the sun shines upon Kee, the Child might be able to save her. Driven now by a personal motive, Chandler — with the help of the Child\'s familiar — locates Numspa\'s hideout, and retrieves the dagger with the help of Til, one of Numspa\'s men converted to good by the Child, and frees the boy. But when Chandler attempts to confront Numspa, the latter reveals his true face as a demon from hell. Chandler and the Child escape the hideout, only to be tracked down by the demon in a warehouse. Chandler loses the dagger when the warehouse collapses, but Sardo is buried under a chunk of falling masonry. Chandler and the Child escape and head to Doctor Hong\'s shop where Kee is being kept. As the two approach Kee\'s body, a badly injured but berserk Numspa attacks Chandler but the amulet the Old Man sold Chandler blasts the dagger from Numspa\'s hand. The Child uses his magic to place the dagger back into Chandler\'s hands, and Chandler pierces Numspa through the heart with it, destroying him. The Child then uses the last ray of sunlight and his powers to bring Kee back from the dead. As the movie ends, the three take a walk discussing the Child\'s return to Tibet and  the boy\'s prospective fame as a stage magician.'] [' In the faraway Arctic Circle, an atomic bomb test is done, codenamed "Operation Bravo". But then, Professor Tom Nesbitt afraid what will happen later, and his fear comes true. The nuclear explosion awakened a 35-feet tall giant diapsid known as the "Rhedosaurus" who later escapes to the sea. Then, he attacks a ship, then surfacing ashore in Maine and destroyed a high lighthouse at night. Then, he surfaces in Manhattan, and wrecks buildings. The monster also breathes fire from his maw. The monster returns to the sea and resurfaces in River Thames, then wreaks havoc again. Missiles had no effect, and Carl Nesbitt, Professor Nesbitt\'s brother, was killed. Then, the beast escaped to the sea. Then, in New York, the monster attacked again. The monster are annoyed by military and destroyed them all, then swims away. The military detected him moving to Coney Island, so the S.W.A.T uses submarine. The Radar Man detects the monster and they attack. Dr. Thurgood Elson suggests that the monster should be killed by anti-radiation, so Corporal Jason Stone, the sharpshooter member of the army was hired by Colonel Jack Evans and Captain Phil Jackson. They set an isotope missile who will neutralize the beast\'s nuclear power. Fighter jets are sent and sped up to Coney Island, and they battled. Some were shot down by the beast\'s nuclear fire breath but Corporal Stone already get his isotope injector bullet, and he sets up. He aims the Beast\'s neck, and shoots the isotope bullet to the Beast, neutralizing the radiation in the monster\'s body! The Beast roared a terrible cry of pain and fell to the ground, as the amusement park of Coney Island burned from the result of the battle.'] ["After a mechanical failure aboard the spaceship Odyssey, Captain Lee Norsythe  is forced to crash land on a planet with atmosphere and conditions much like that of Earth, although it is many light-years away. As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in, communications officer Cindy  realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it, with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck . En route, Cindy is attacked and killed by an unidentified aquatic creature, prompting Chuck to return to shore without the radio. Realizing that they are stranded, the remaining eight people aboard the ship decide that survival is their primary goal and begin to explore the planet that they have landed on. Derna Lee  quickly loses one of the laser guns that Mike  had given her, leaving the stranded individuals with one less weapon. They eventually come across a Brontosaurus, which leads them to deduce that the planet is following a similar evolutionary track as Earth, but is millions of years younger. Later, Charlotte  determines that the plant life, especially the berries, is poisonous. After another dinosaur encounter, Lee decides that the best option is to climb the mountains and reach a higher plateau, where he believes the large creatures will be unable to reach them During the ascent, Nyla  slips and loses the entire supply of food rations, which Lee refuses to retrieve. In a cave higher up the mountain, Vice-President of Spaceways Incorporated Harvey Baylor  discovers a nest full of eggs. After stealing an egg, Harvey is attacked and killed by a Centrosaurus. Soon after, much to ship engineer Jim's  dismay, Lee decides to halt the expedition and settle at what he considers to be a defensible area. Lee expects to hold out until they are rescued, but Jim believes them to be trapped forever on the planet, and advises that they begin a new civilization. Lee triumphs and the remaining crew begin to build a defensive stockade around a cave. After a few more encounters, including a giant spider and an Allosaurus, a large Tyrannosaurus arrives and kills Derna, demolishing the stockade in the process. The crew finally agrees with Jim that the best way to survive is to kill the predator. Their first plan, devised by Lee, is to attempt to poison the dinosaur by smearing berries on a dead Polacanthus and leave it outside of the Tyrannosaurus{{'}}s lair. The plan backfires when the beast attacks from behind, killing Mike. Jim's plan is to set up large, wooden stakes and coat them in the poison, then lure the predator into them. After some initial troubles, including a fight between the T. rex and Rhedosaurus, the plan works, killing the Tyrannosaurus, which nearly takes Jim with it. Years pass and the survivors have set up an agricultural settlement. Chuck and Charlotte now have a son. Charlotte wonders if they will ever be rescued, to which Nyla comments that it does not seem important anymore."] ['The film opens with the words "Closed Mondays", written in white against a black background, filling the screen. Using a pull back shot, the camera then shows the viewer that the words are part of a sign that reads: <div align"wikitable" border"text-align:center" | Aug 15–Oct 3- One Woman Show -Celia CrazelsnukOct 3–March 19- Usual Crap -Closed Mondays |}  It is night. A small art gallery stands with its door slightly ajar and the lights on. A bulbous-nosed man with thinning grey hair, holding a brown bottle and apparently drunk, wanders in. As he shuffles through the gallery, a small abstract sculpture is transformed, imitating the man behind his back before returning to its original shape without his noticing. The drunk male sees a picture of colorful musical notes that form a circle around a jagged shape resembling a red staircase. The picture moves to upbeat music for a moment and then returns to normal. Doubting his own eyes, the man looks again. The music begins to play, and a miniature man resembling the drunk skips down the stairs, stands on one of the circling musical notes, rides it for a while, then continues down the stairs to the bottom. The entire picture then becomes two abstract colored clay blobs that pulsate to the music. Suddenly the music stops and the drunk male is back in the gallery, where he makes a critical comment  and staggers away. The man sees a sculpture of a computer-like device with large lips and gauges for eyes. He laughs at the sculpture and flips a lever that starts it. The sculpture begins speaking rapidly and says it is a &#34;replica of the model 505 type P electro brain,&#34; claims to be far superior to its creators, and carries out its &#34;infinite mutation&#34; program. The computer begins to stutter as it tries to say it has a short circuit and an error before changing into a talking globe, a talking apple, a colorful bust of Albert Einstein, a television, and finally a hand with smaller hands at the end of each of the fingers before entirely melting down into a shapeless mass of clay. The drunk male walks away after making another comment , and is then frightened by some jungle animals reaching through a glassless window pane that turns out to be a harmless painting. Distressed, the drunk male walks on, where he sees a painting of a medieval woman kneeling on a castle floor. She holds a brush in her hand and a bucket is beside her. The drunk male asks her, &#34;Hey… wassa matter?&#34; She weeps and tells him, &#34;Oh, if my master could have seen more of the beauty in life… Here I am on my knees, doomed to wear this sorrowful face, scrubbing this cold stone floor forever and forever and forever…&#34; Then the painting returns to normal. The drunk male sees the still-open door and runs to get out of the gallery, but is stopped just before he gets there. He is a piece of statuary, and returns to his inanimate state before reaching the door.'] ["Crocodile Gena's birthday. Cheburashka wishes him a happy birthday and gives him a gift. Later, Gena and Cheburashka build a playground for the local children, and get accepted to the Pioneers after collecting scrap metal."] ['Atouk  is a bullied and scrawny caveman living in "One Zillion BC &ndash; October 9th"Apparently in memory of John Lennon who was killed 5 months before the film\'s release, was Ringo Starr\'s friend and bandmate with The Beatles, and whose birthday was October 9. He lusts after the beautiful but shallow Lana , who is the mate of Tonda , their tribe\'s physically imposing bullying leader. After being banished along with his friend Lar , Atouk falls in with a band of assorted misfits, among them the comely Tala  and the elderly blind man Gog . The group has ongoing encounters with hungry dinosaurs, and rescues Lar from a "nearby ice age", where they encounter an abominable snowman. In the course of these adventures they discover sedative drugs, fire, cooking, music, and learn how to walk fully upright. Atouk uses these advancements to lead an attack on Tonda, overthrowing him and becoming the tribe\'s new leader. He discards Lana and takes Tala as his mate, and they live happily ever after.'] ['A grandfather tells his grandson a bedtime story about the ancient Narts. There is a very respected Nart named Saynag-Aldar who lives in a castle on a hill, and he has a beautiful daughter named Agunda who has eyes for no-one but herself. In a nearby village lives a shepherd named Atsamaz who was given a magic pipe by a god. Though he loves Agunda, only the pipe\'s music shows his love. One day, Saynag-Aldar decides that he has had enough, and vows to find a husband for his daughter. He proclaims a contest to see who among the Narts is the most fit, with the gods in heaven deciding the winner. The famous bogatyr Soslan is among the challengers. The first part of the contest is marksmanship: challengers must hit the bull\'s-eye with an arrow while riding on a horse. None of them manage to do it, until Atsamaz. However, Soslan comes last, ridding very slowly and mockingly, and shooting backwards, but still his arrow pierces Atsamaz\'s arrow in half. The gods proclaim Soslan the winner. The second contest involves dexterity. Atsamaz manages to dance on the edge of a large bowl without spilling any of the liquid inside. However, Soslan dances on the tops of a number of knives which he throws onto a wooden board, and the gods proclaim him the winner. The third contest involves strength. Soslan lifts up and throws a huge boulder to Atsamaz across a deep chasm. Atsamaz manages to catch it and throw it back, but is unable to throw it all the way back to Soslan. The gods proclaim Soslan the winner. As Soslan basks in his glory, he boasts that no-one in the world is stronger than him. Agunda, who realizes that she doesn\'t want to marry such a braggart, asks her father to make him prove this. Saynad-Aldar agrees, and sends Soslan away to travel the world and search for anyone who is his match. He makes Atsamaz accompany him, so that he may back up his account. Before they leave, Agunda hears the music of Atsamaz\'s pipe, and follows its sound. As he plays, animals stop to listen and flowers emerge from the snow. They meet, and he tells her that the music is for her. Agunda asks Atsamaz to give her his pipe as a symbol of his love, but he refuses, explaining that it is a present from the gods. When she tells him that this means he doesn\'t love her, Atsamaz breaks the pipe in anger and storms away. Agunda regrets her words, gathers up the pieces of the pipe, and goes back to the castle. As Atsamaz gets ready to throw himself off a cliff, Soslan catches up with him and reminds him that he must accompany him on his journey. They venture out into the proud tribes that surround the lands of the Narts, and defeat all whom they come across. Finally, they come across a burial site for fallen Narts, where gods are said to grant wishes. Atsamaz suggests that they should leave an offering, but Soslan declines, saying that they have not helped him, and that he will give them 100 deer if they will find him a worthy adversary. Unknown to Soslan, the gods hear his wish. They transport the two of them to a faraway land, where gigantic man-eating cyclops live. Soslan walks up to one of them, named Uaig, and challenges him. Uaig laughs at them, and asks Soslan to try to pull out one of the hairs on the bottom of his leg. When Soslan is unable to do this, he sends them to a cave where they may find a "more worthy adversary". As they come into the cave, they are grabbed by Uaig\'s mother. While Soslan tries to challenge her as well, Atsamaz says "let this day bring you fortune, part of my mother". Upon hearing this, she lets them down and says that they are her guests for the day. She hides them in her dress. When Uaig comes into the cave, she feeds him a broth and puts him to sleep, and then transports Soslan and Atsamaz back to their homeland. However, Uaig sees them go, and follows them. He comes to the valley of the Narts and causes destruction; nobody is able to stop him. A god comes to Agunda, rejoins the broken pieces of the pipe, and tells her to give the pipe to Atsamaz. She does this, and Atsamaz begins to play his melody. The song disorients Uaig, and allows Soslan to shoot an arrow which goes straight through his one eye, causing him to crumble. Soslan proudly declares victory, but there is silence in the valley; all around him are the dead and the dying. Finally, after the Narts rebuild, Agunda is wed to Atsamaz. Soslan concedes that there is a power which is stronger than him: love.'] ['Two teenagers exploring at night come upon an apparently abandoned military installation. They take advantage of what appears to be a swimming pool to skinny dip. The teenagers are attacked by an unseen force and disappear under the water. A light activates in the main building and a silhouetted figure investigates the screams, but is too late to help. A determined but somewhat absent-minded insurance investigator named Maggie McKeown  is dispatched to find the missing teenagers near Lost River Lake. She hires surly backwoods drunkard Paul Grogan  to serve as her guide. They come upon the abandoned compound, which functioned as a fish hatchery prior to being militarized. They discover bizarre specimens in jars and indications of an occupant. Maggie locates the drainage switch for the outside pool and decides to empty it to search the bottom, but the moment she activates it a haggard and frantic man attacks her, attempting to stop the draining until he is subdued by Grogan. The two find a skeleton in the filtration trap of the empty pool, and learn it was filled with salt water. The man awakens and steals their jeep, but crashes it due to his disorientation, and is taken to Grogan\'s home where they spend the night. They take Grogan\'s homemade raft down the river, where the man wakes up and tells them that the pool in the facility was filled with a school of piranhas, and that Maggie released them into the river. They are skeptical until they come across the corpse of Grogan\'s friend Jack , who has bled to death from an attack on a fishing dock. The man reveals himself to be Doctor Robert Hoak ([[Kevin McCarthy , the lead scientist of a defunct Vietnam War project, Operation: Razorteeth, which was tasked with engineering a ravenous and prodigious strain of piranha that could endure the cold water of the North Vietnamese rivers and inhibit Viet Cong movement. The project was shut down when the war ended, but some of the mutant specimens survived the poisoning protocols, and Hoak tended to them to salvage his work. Grogan realizes that if the local dam is opened, The School will have access to the Lost River water park  and summer camp on the other side, where his daughter is in attendance. Traveling downriver, they encounter a capsized canoe with a boy whose father has been killed by the fish. Hoak rescues the boy but suffers mortal injuries when The School attacks him; he dies before he can tell how to kill them. Blood from Hoak\'s corpse causes the piranha to tear away the raft\'s lashings, and they barely get to shore. Grogan stops the dam attendant from opening the spillway and calls the military. A military team led by Colonel Waxman ([[Bruce Gordon  and former Razorteeth scientist Dr. Mengers  feed poison into the upstream section, ignoring the protests that the fish survived the first attempt. When Grogan discovers that a tributary bypasses the dam, Waxman and Mengers quarantine them to prevent the agitated pair from alerting the media. When they escape, Waxman alerts law enforcement to capture them. The School attacks the summer camp during a swimming marathon, injuring and killing many children and a supervisor; Grogan\'s daughter, however, escapes due to her fear of water, and eventually rallies herself to aid her camp mates in escaping the killer fish. The School continues downriver. Waxman and Mengers arrive at the water park to intercept Grogan and Maggie, but the piranha attack the resort and kill a lot of vacationers, including Waxman. Grogan and Maggie commanded a speedboat and rush to the shuttered smelting plant at the narrowest point of the river. Remembering the empty facility pond, Grogan realizes the fish can survive in salt water; if the school passes the delta, they will reach the ocean and spread over the entire world. He intends to open the smelting refuse tanks, hoping that the industrial waste will kill the fish. They arrive at the plant ahead of the fish, but the elevated water level has submerged the control office, and Grogan must go underwater; he ties a rope around his waist and instructs Maggie to count to 100 before pulling him out. Grogan struggles to move the rusted valve wheel when The School arrives and attacks him. The assault hyperadrenalizes him, and he manages to open the valves just as Maggie guns the engine and pulls him to safety. Maggie takes Grogan back to the water park, where a massive MEDEVAC is tending to the victims; his injuries are severe and he is seen in a catatonic state. Mengers gives an on-site television interview, providing a sanitized version of events and downplaying the existence of piranha. Her voice is heard carrying out over a radio on the shore of a West Coast beach. As she says "there\'s nothing left to fear", the piranha\'s characteristic trilling sound drowns out the waves on a beach, indicating that the fish have made it to the ocean.'] [' Tottington Hall\'s annual Giant Vegetable Competition is approaching. The winner of the competition will win the coveted Golden Carrot Award. All are eager to protect their vegetables from damage and thievery by rabbits until the contest, and Wallace and Gromit are cashing in by running a vegetable security and humane pest control business, "Anti-Pesto". However, they are soon faced with two problems: first is Wallace\'s growing weight, while the second is inadequate space for the captured rabbits. Wallace comes up with an idea – use his Mind Manipulation-O-Matic machine to brainwash the rabbits. While performing the operation, a rabbit inexplicably gets fused to Wallace\'s head, causing the machine to malfunction, and Gromit is forced to destroy the Mind-O-Matic in order to save Wallace. The resulting failure somehow leaves them with a semi-intelligent rabbit who no longer has an appetite for vegetables, whom Wallace dubs "Hutch". That night, town is threatened by the "Were-Rabbit", a giant rabbit-like monster which eats vegetables of any size. During a chaotic town meeting, Anti-Pesto enters into a rivalry with Lord Victor Quartermaine, who seeks to court Lady Tottington and who believes that it is better to be rid of the rabbits via the use of guns. With Lady Tottington\'s persuasion, the townspeople agree the Anti-Pesto front the capture attempt. After a hectic night-time chase, Wallace and Gromit come to the theory that Hutch is the Were-Rabbit. Wallace is overjoyed, because this technically means he has already captured the beast, and cheerfully goes to inform Lady Tottington. Securing Hutch to make sure that he does not escape, Gromit instead discovers that the Were-Rabbit is in fact Wallace, suffering from the effects of the accident with the Mind Manipulation-O-Matic having caused him and Hutch to each take on aspects of the other. Alarmed, Gromit seeks out Wallace, retrieves him before the sun sets, and drives him home. Victor corners Wallace during the night, jealous of Lady Tottington\'s growing fondness for him because of his humane practice of pest control. But when the moon appears, Wallace transforms into the Were-Rabbit before a petrified Victor and his dog Philip. Gromit immediately departs after Wallace. Victor, having identified the Were-Rabbit, decides to dispose his rival to win Lady Tottington\'s heart. Reverend Clement Hedges allows him access to three "24-carrot" gold bullets – supposedly, the only things capable of killing a Were-Rabbit. The following morning, the day has finally arrived for the Vegetable Competition, but Lady Tottington reluctantly bows to public pressure to sanction Victor\'s offer to shoot the Were-Rabbit. Meanwhile, an oblivious Wallace rebuffs Gromit\'s accusations of him being the Were-Rabbit, but when Wallace witnesses Hutch expressing his own personality traits, he accepts the truth. Lady Tottington informs Wallace of Victor\'s plan, but he begins to transform and is left with no other choice but to send her away. Victor and Philip arrive on the duo\'s doorstep moments later, but Gromit is one step ahead, luring the Were-Rabbit away with a female Were-Rabbit marionette. However, his getaway plan is foiled when Victor mistakenly fires upon what he believes to be the Were-Rabbit, instead discovering it to be Gromit in disguise. Victor and Philip imprison Gromit, who subsequently escapes with help from Hutch and decides to use the marrow he had been growing for the competition as bait for Wallace who has burst in upon the vegetable contest. Victor tries to take the Golden Carrot award from a distressed Lady Tottington, as it is the only golden bullet-like object left to him after he exhausted his supply of golden bullets. Wallace ascends to the rooftops, holding a screaming Lady Tottington in his hand. Discovering his identity after recognising his palm-shaking gesture, she promises to protect him, only to be interrupted by Victor. Meanwhile, in a mid-air dogfight in toy biplanes, Philip pursues Gromit, to prevent him from stopping Victor. Gromit dispatches his foe out of the air, but Philip manages to hold on. In the end, Gromit releases Philip through the bomb doors, dispatching him into a bouncy castle. On the roof of Tottington Hall, Gromit\'s toy biplane circles Wallace, who clings onto the flagpole at the top of the building. Victor, this time wielding the Golden Carrot trophy inside a blunderbuss he finds at an antiques table at the fair, tries one last time to shoot Wallace, but Wallace is saved by Gromit, who grabs onto a rope from a flagpole and swings his plane into the path of the improvised bullet. Unfortunately, since it is a toy plane not intended for flying, when Gromit accidentally lets go of the rope, the plane begins to descend rapidly. Wallace jumps from the flagpole and catches the plane, thereby breaking Gromit\'s fall into the cheese tent below. Victor gloats, but is knocked unconscious by Lady Tottington. He falls into the tent, where Wallace lies unconscious and seemingly dying of his injuries. Using the marionette to protect Wallace from the angry mob outside, Gromit dresses Victor up as the monster, as the angry mob chases Victor away. Gromit and Tottington tend to Wallace who seemingly passes away and morphs back into his human form, but Gromit is able to revive Wallace with a slice of Stinking Bishop cheese. Gromit, for his bravery, is awarded the slightly dented Golden Carrot trophy, and Lady Tottington turns Tottington Hall\'s front garden into a wildlife sanctuary, where Hutch and the rest of the rabbits can live in peace.'] ["15-year-old Max sets off for Saint-Hilare in search of his father, the famous troubadour Johnny Bigoude, who disappeared shortly before Max's birth. He is waylaid by Sam, a rascally fairground entertainer, and introduced to the delights of the amazing Fly Swatter Festival. When Max finally gets there, Saint-Hilaire turns out to be the private kingdom of Bzzz & Co., infamous manufacturers of flyswatters, run by the degenerate Rodolfo. Musical virtuoso Max makes a big impression, especially on smart, lovely, resourceful Felicie, who convinces Rodolfo to hire him."] ['Gena the Crocodile works as a crocodile in an urban zoo. Every evening, he returns home to his lonely apartment. Gena gets very tired of playing chess against himself and decides to find himself some friends to play with. Animals and people respond to advertisements that he posts all around the city. First, a girl named Galya comes with a homeless puppy, who is then followed by Cheburashka. They decide to build a house for all of them, but a treacherous old maid, Shapoklyak, tries to prevent them in different ways.'] ['The story focuses on the Grimm brothers, Wilhelm  and Jacob , and is biographical and fantastical at the same time. Both are working to finish a history for a local Duke , though Wilhelm is more interested in collecting fairy tales and often spends their money to hear them from locals. Tales such as "The Dancing Princess" and "The Cobbler and the Elves" are integrated into the main plot. One of the tales is told as an experiment to three children in a book store to see if publishing a collection of fairytales has any merit. Another tale, "The Singing Bone", is told by an old woman  in the forest who tells stories to children, while the uninvited Wilhelm secretly listens through an open window. The culmination of this tale involves a jeweled dragon and features the most involved usage of the film\'s special effects. Eventually, Wilhelm loses the manuscript of the Duke\'s family history while writing down this third story - he is actually supposed to be collecting additional information for the family history - and the brothers cannot meet their deadline. So they are required to pay their rent, which was withheld while they worked. Meanwhile, because he was wading through a stream in an effort to retrieve the manuscript , Wilhelm becomes critically ill with pneumonia and lies at death\'s door. He dreams that at night various fairytale characters come to him, begging him to name them before he dies. The experience causes the fever to break and Wilhelm recovers completely, continuing his work as his brother publishes regular books such as a history of German grammar and a book on law. However, Jacob, shaken by his brother\'s experience, now begins to collaborate on the fairy tales with Wilhelm. The two are ultimately invited to receive honorary membership at the Berlin Royal Academy, which makes no mention of the tales in their invitation. But as the train pulls into the station and Jacob prepares to make a speech deliberately insulting the Academy for snubbing Wilhelm, hordes of children arrive, chanting, "We want a story!" Wilhelm begins: "Once upon a time, there were two brothers". The children raise their voices in a loud cheer, and the film ends.'] ['From thousand years ago, the Aztec civilization had praised the male god known as "Quetzalcoatl". Then in 1984, a scientist named Dr. Shepard is studying the culture of Aztec. But in a mysterious ritual done in the eclipse, a screech was heard from the sky and Dr. Shepard screams. The screen then shows a bloodied Dr. Shepard, dead. Detective Harold Kipps investigated, and the natives tell that the killer was Quetzalcoatlus because Dr. Shepard was chosen as the sacrifice. Detective Harold didn\'t believe them, until he found a sighting of a winged reptilian flying in Philipines. The reptile has a long stretchy neck, and carried a dead deer in its feet. The monster also sighted by a sailor who is sailing towards the Atlantic Ocean, saying it\'s an enormous reptile, screeching as it flies across the boat. It is possibly 47 meters tall and 131 feet. The sailor, named Joel named the creature "Quetzalcoatl" like the Aztec called the creature. Jimmy Quinn, a young scientist also believed the creature\'s existence. Commisioner Nick McConell, a police officer also found dead killed in the Californian forests. One night in the same location, Mrs. Pauley, a woman is in her car until she is killed when her car is flipped and destroyed by a mysterious gigantic thing. Finally Lt. Murray Radcliffe, a lieutenant in the SWAT orders his army to investigate. But they end up dead, few survived. The surviving members claimed the murderer was the same giant reptile, meaning Quetzalcoatl was no myth! The creature finally shows up, in London. The Royal Air Force tries to fight the monster, but was destroyed quickly. Right after that, Quetzalcoatl disappeared between the clouds. The news quickly made, about the sightings of the creature. "Giant flying reptile on loose?" "Real Quetzalcoatl Comes" like that. But Quetzalcoatl reappears, this time in New York. The reptile wreaks havoc and eats the innocent civilians, but Jimmy had a plan. He knows Quetzalcoatl is weak of fire. So, Jimmy tells to Captain Fletcher from the military that they had to set grenades. They shoot the grenades using launchers to Quetzalcoatl, and it was successful. The reptile began to burn to death and fell with a terrible screech to the ground from the blue skies, and then was converted into ashes, dead. But, in the deep forests of California, the screech of Quetzalcoatl was heard, signing a new reign of terror!'] [' Ellen Ripley , the only survivor of the space freighter Nostromo, is rescued and revived after drifting for fifty-seven years in stasis. At an interview before a panel of executives from her employer, the Weyland-Yutani Corporation, her testimony regarding the Alien is met with extreme skepticism as she has no physical evidence. Ripley loses her space-flight license as a result of her "questionable judgment" and learns that LV-426, the planet where her crew first encountered the Alien eggs, is now home to a terraforming colony. Ripley is later visited by Weyland-Yutani representative Carter Burke  and Lieutenant Gorman ([[William Hope  of the Colonial Marines, who inform her that contact has been lost with the colony on LV-426. The company decides to dispatch Burke and a unit of marines to investigate, and offers to restore Ripley\'s flight status and pick up her contract if she will accompany them as a consultant. Traumatized by her previous encounter with the Alien, Ripley initially refuses, but accepts after Burke promises that the team will destroy any Aliens found and not attempt to study them. Aboard the warship Sulaco she is introduced to the Colonial Marines, including Sergeant Apone , Corporal Hicks , Privates Vasquez  and Hudson , and the android Bishop , toward whom Ripley is initially hostile due to her previous experience with the android Ash aboard the Nostromo. The expedition descends to the surface of LV-426 via dropship, where they find the colony seemingly abandoned. Two living facehuggers are found in containment tanks in the medical lab. The only colonist found is a traumatized young girl nicknamed Newt . The marines determine that the colonists are clustered in the nuclear-powered atmosphere processing station, where they find a large Alien nest filled with the cocooned colonists. The Aliens attack, killing most of the unit and capturing Apone and Dietrich. Ripley is able to rescue Hicks, Vasquez, and Hudson. With Gorman knocked unconscious during the rescue, Hicks assumes command and orders the dropship to recover the survivors, intending to return to the Sulaco and destroy the colony from orbit. A stowaway Alien kills the dropship pilots in flight, causing the vessel to crash into the processing station. The surviving humans barricade themselves inside the colony complex. Ripley discovers that it was Burke who ordered the colonists to investigate the derelict spaceship where the Nostromo crew first encountered the Alien eggs, and that he hopes to return Alien specimens to the company laboratories where he can profit from their use as biological weapons. She threatens to expose him, but Bishop soon informs the group of a greater threat: the damaged processing station has become unstable and will soon detonate with the force of a thermonuclear weapon. He volunteers to use the colony\'s transmitter to pilot the Sulaco\'s remaining dropship to the surface by remote control so that the group can escape. Ripley and Newt fall asleep in the medical laboratory, awakening to find themselves locked in the room with the two facehuggers, which have been released from their tanks. Ripley is able to alert the marines, who rescue them and kill the creatures. Ripley accuses Burke of attempting to smuggle implanted Alien embryos past Earth\'s quarantine inside her and Newt, and of planning to kill the rest of the marines in hypersleep during the return trip so that no one could contradict his version of events. The electricity is suddenly cut off and numerous Aliens attack through the ceiling. Hudson, Burke, Gorman, and Vasquez are killed while Newt is captured by the Aliens. Ripley and an injured Hicks reach Bishop and the second dropship, but Ripley refuses to leave Newt behind. She rescues Newt from the hive in the processing station, where the two encounter the Alien queen and her egg chamber. Ripley destroys most of the eggs, enraging the queen, who escapes by tearing free from her ovipositor. Closely pursued by the queen, Ripley and Newt rendezvous with Bishop and Hicks on the dropship and escape moments before the colony is consumed by the nuclear blast. Back on the Sulaco, Ripley and Bishop\'s relief at their escape is interrupted when the Alien queen, stowed away on the dropship\'s landing gear, impales Bishop and tears him in half. Ripley battles the queen using an exosuit cargo-loader, before expelling it into space through an airlock. Ripley, Newt, Hicks and the still-functioning Bishop then enter hypersleep for the return to Earth.'] ['Away in a tower, somewhere in Europe during the Middle Ages, Benjamin, a young painting apprentice, lives happily with his teacher, devoting his life to art. But the arrival of a mysterious plague threatens all they have.'] ['A young boy longs for reassurance about how his mother died. To protect each other, he and his father hold their agony inside, where it festers.'] ['In Prague, Mr Pivonka, an unmarried man, buys some pornography from his local newsagent, Mr Kula, and returns home. A postwoman, Mrs Malková gives him a letter which reads "On Sunday" in cut-out letters. In secret, she then rolls pieces of bread into little balls and carries them in her satchel. Pivonka asks his neighbour, Mrs Loubalová, to slaughter a chicken for him. Using the leftover feathers and papier-mâché made from the pornography, he constructs a chicken head and fabricates wings made from umbrellas. Meanwhile, police captain Beltinsky buys rolling pins and pan lids from the same shop that sells Pivonka\'s umbrellas. Using these items, plus stolen pieces of fur and sharp things, Beltinsky constructs unusual objects in his workshop. His wife, a newsreader named Beltinska, feels neglected and buys some live carp. She is unaware that Kula is in love with her image and has constructed a machine rigged to stroke and masturbate him when she is on television. Pivonka and Loubalová construct life-size effigies of each other. On Sunday, Pivonka drives to the country with his effigy while Loubalová takes her effigy to an abandoned crypt containing a closet, a chair with candles and a basin of water. Loubalová emerges from the closet and whips her straw effigy which, being animated, reacts. Pivonka dresses in his chicken outfit and struts around his similarly animated effigy, eventually crushing it with a boulder while Loubalová drowns hers in the basin. At home, Malková shoves an unfeasible number of bread balls in her nose and ears and takes a nap. While Beltinská strokes her carp and feeds them the bread balls Malková later delivers, Beltinsky strips naked in his workshop and rubs his objects over his body. When Beltinská reads the news, Kula turns on his machine and climaxes at the same time that she does, stimulated by the carp sucking her toes under her desk. On his way home, Pivonka is fascinated by Beltinská\'s image in a television shop window and stops to buy electronic equipment magazines at Kula\'s shop. Kula is now covering rolling pins with feathers; Malková looks longingly at a carp in a fishmonger\'s windows. Pivonka discovers that Loubalová has been killed in her flat by a boulder that has seemingly dropped through her roof; Beltinsky is investigating. Entering his own flat, Pivonka sees the chair with candles and the basin of water awaiting him. His closet door slowly opens...'] ['Omni Consumer Products  has the city of Detroit in a corporate stranglehold. They have forced a police strike and are attempting to take over the city government with plans to demolish the old city and put up a planned community development in its place. A new designer drug named "Nuke" has been plaguing the streets. The primary distributor, Cain, is a cult leader with a Messiah complex. RoboCop confronts Cain and his gang at an abandoned construction site. However, they render RoboCop immobile and slice him to pieces, though he remains alive. RoboCop is saved when OCP\'s Dr. Juliette Faxx takes charge of the new RoboCop team, which includes the development of a more advanced "RoboCop 2" and wants to choose a criminal with a desire for power and immortality. She finds the perfect subject in Cain, who is badly injured after a revived RoboCop persuades the striking police force to help him attack Cain\'s hideout. Cain\'s successor Hob arranges a secret meeting with Mayor Marvin Kuzak, offering to bail out the city\'s debt to OCP, but only if he agrees to a hands-off policy regarding the distribution of Nuke. Since this would hinder OCP\'s attempts to take over the city, they send RoboCop 2 in to kill everyone. Everyone but the mayor is killed. RoboCop arrives too late, but learns of RoboCop 2. During the unveiling of Delta City  and RoboCop 2 at a press conference, Cain flies into a rage and opens fire on the crowd. RoboCop arrives, and the two cyborgs battle throughout the building, eventually falling off the roof and into an underground facility. They continue to battle on the street below until RoboCop kills Cain. The OCP President, executive Johnson, and OCP lawyer Holzgang discuss the company\'s liability for the massacre, and decide to scapegoat Faxx.'] ['Stéphane Miroux is a man whose vivid dreams and imagination often interferes with his ability to interact with reality. He is coaxed back to his childhood home after his divorced father passes away and his mother, Christine, finds him a job in a calendar printing company in France. His mother implies the position is a creative role, and he prepares colourful drawings, each showing a disaster, for his "disasterology" calendar. However, nobody appreciates his talents and it transpires that his mother had led him on - the real vacancy is for nothing more than mundane typesetting work. While leaving his apartment to go to work one day, Stéphane injures his hand helping his new neighbor move a piano into her apartment. The new neighbor, Stéphanie, invites Stéphane into her apartment  where her friend Zoé tends to his wound. Stéphane initially forms an attraction to Zoé, though he suspects it is instead Stéphanie who likes him. Stéphane realizes that Stéphanie, like him, is creative and artistic. They plan a project for use in a short animated film. Following the advice of Guy, Stéphane\'s sex-obsessed co-worker, Stéphane pretends that he isn\'t Stéphanie\'s neighbor, pretending to leave the building when he leaves her apartment. That night, when he is sleepwalking he writes a confusing note to Stéphanie that asks for Zoé\'s phone number. Stéphane realizes his mistake upon waking and retrieves the letter with a coat hanger, unaware that Stéphanie has already read it. Surrealistic and naturalistic elements begin to overlap, and the viewer is often uncertain of which portions constitute reality and which are merely dreams. One such sequence, in which Stéphane dreams his hands become absurdly giant, was inspired by a recurring nightmare director Michel Gondry had as a child.{{cite video}} As this line gradually becomes more blurred, Stéphane becomes more enamoured with Stéphanie the more he spends time with her and shares his many inventions with her, such as the "one-second time machine," a device that can go either forward or backward in time by only one second. Stéphane\'s dreams encroach on his waking life as he tries to win Stéphanie\'s heart and misses time at work. He breaks into her apartment, taking her stuffed toy horse, and implants a mechanism inside of it that will make it gallop. While putting it back into her apartment, Stéphanie arrives and catches him, demanding he leaves and becoming more upset with him. Embarrassed and heartbroken, Stéphane retreats to his own apartment where he receives a call from Stéphanie, who apologizes and thanks him for the gift she discovers: a galloping version of "Golden the Pony Boy," who she reveals was named after Stéphane. As the months go by, waking and dreaming become even more intermixed. To Stéphane\'s surprise, the calendar manufacturer accepts his "Disastrology" idea and it becomes a great success. A party is thrown in his honour, but he becomes depressed and begins drinking excessively after he witnesses Stéphanie dancing flirtatiously with another man. The next day, Stéphane and Stéphanie have a confrontation in their hallway when Stéphane announces that he doesn\'t want to be Stéphanie\'s friend any longer. Stéphanie becomes very upset, offering Zoé\'s phone number and reciting Stéphane\'s note. Stéphane, still unaware that Stéphanie has read the note, assumes that they are connected through "Parallel Synchronized Randomness", a rare phenomenon he has examined in his dreams. Stéphanie offers that they discuss their issues on a date, but on Stéphane\'s walk to the café to meet her, he has a frightful vision that she isn\'t there and she doesn\'t love him after all. He runs back to her apartment and bangs on her door, demanding that she stop torturing him; in actuality, she is indeed waiting for him at the café. Stéphane runs at her door, attempting to break it down, but winds up bashing his head and collapsing in the hall, where his mother eventually finds him bleeding. Tired of waiting, Stéphanie returns home while Stéphane, coaxed by his mother and her friend, decides to move back to Mexico. Before leaving, Stéphane\'s mother insists that he say goodbye to Stéphanie. In his attempt to do so, he becomes extremely crass, making sexual and offensive jokes to her, and accusing her of never being able to finish something she starts. However, he reveals that he is truly interested in her because she\'s different from other people. As his antagonistic behavior pushes her to her breaking point, Stéphanie asks Stéphane to leave but he instead climbs into her bed and yells at her, before spotting two items on her bedside: his one-second time machine, and the finished boat they had planned to use in their animated film. Stéphane falls asleep in Stéphanie\'s bed. As she checks on him to see why he has become so quiet, she gently strokes his hair. The film closes with Stéphane and Stéphanie riding Golden the Pony Boy across a field before sailing off into the ocean\'s horizon in her white boat.'] ['Stu Miley is a disillusioned cartoonist whose comic strip features a rascal monkey named Monkeybone. Stu is in love with a sleep institute worker named Dr. Julie McElroy, who helped him deal with his terrible nightmares by changing his drawing hand. One night, Stu crashes his car on a ventilator\'s tubes after accidentally activating an inflatable Monkeybone toy and slips into a coma. His spirit ends up in Down Town, a limbo-like carnival landscape populated by human beings, mythical creatures and figments of people\'s imaginations where nightmares are entertainment. In Downtown, Monkeybone is real. During that time, Stu befriends a catgirl named Miss Kitty. When Stu learns that his sister Kimmy is about to pull the plug on him, he asks Hypnos: God of Sleep for advice. Hypnos tells Stu that to get back to the living, he has to infiltrate the Land of Death to steal an Exit Pass from Death which are given out to coma victims by Reapers giving them permission to leave Down Town and awaken from their coma. Stu successfully steals an Exit Pass, but Monkeybone steals it from him in turn and enters the Land of the Living in Stu\'s body through the Revive-O. Hypnos plans to use Stu\'s body to get a chemical substance that Julie developed that gives people and animals nightmares: the Oneirix. Upon being sent to the institute by Hypnos upon reminding him of his mission, Monkeybone  ends up successfully stealing the Oneirix, switching it with another juice. Monkeybone obtains the Oneirix and puts it inside stuffed monkey toys of himself  so that those who touch them will be infected and given nightmares. With help from Miss Kitty, Stu escapes from his imprisonment. Monkeybone in Stu\'s body prepares a pinata for the Monkeybone farting dolls at the party. Meanwhile, Stu reveals Hypnos\' plan to Death upon capture and convinces her to send him back for only an hour, only to find himself in the body of a dead athlete organ donor. As he flees the morgue attendants, Stu finds out about Monkeybone\'s planned party and heads there with the extractors still in pursuit. At the party, Stu\'s agent, Herb, exposes himself to the Oneirix in the Monkeybone doll and ends up seeing in the mirror that his clothes are coming to life. This causes Herb to run through the party naked, telling everyone that the clothes have come to life and turned evil. After that, Monkeybone in Stu\'s body tells everyone to forget about it as he brings down the Stu pinata containing the Monkeybone dolls. Stu uses Monkeybone\'s main characteristics from the comics to cause him to panic and escape. A chase ensues, culminating with Stu and Monkeybone battling each other while clinging to a giant Monkeybone balloon. The balloon is eventually shot down by a passing incompetent policeman and both Stu and Monkeybone fall to their deaths. Back in Down Town, Stu and Monkeybone are falling toward Down Town where the residents cheer on their fight. Just then, all the rides stop and a giant robot emerges near the Revive-O causing everyone to flee the area. When Stu and Monkeybone are caught by it, the operator of the robot is revealed to be Death who seems quite cheerful despite the circumstances. Monkeybone tries to have Death let him go to the bathroom, but Death places Monkeybone back in Stu\'s head which is where he belongs. Death then tells Stu that she will send him back because she likes his comic strips and doesn\'t want them to stop just now and because she needs to make room for the guys from South Park  as she heard that they are "dying to meet her". She then uses her robot to send Stu back to the living and he wakes up in his own body. Stu then proposes to Julie and they get married. An erratic Herb breaks the fourth wall urging the audience to take off their clothes and the film cuts to an animated sequence where cartoon characters strip their human disguises revealing monkeys underneath.'] ["{{expand section}} Baron Boris von Frankenstein  decides to retire, leaving the monster business to his nerdy nephew, Felix Flankin . Frankenstein plans to announce his decision at a convention of monsters that includes his creature and the creature's more intelligent mate , Frankenstein's seductive laboratory assistant Francesca , Count Dracula, the Werewolf, the Creature from the Black Lagoon, The Invisible Man, Quasimodo, Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde, the Mummy, It , and many more. However when Felix proves to be an incompetent  human, the monsters plot to eliminate him and gain control of Frankenstein's latest discovery: the secret of total destruction!"] ["Legendary adventurer Sinbad the Sailor  and his crew are lost on the ocean but accidentally find the island of Colossa. They land for provisions. There they encounters Sokurah the magician , fleeing from a giant cyclops. They are able to escape when Sokurah orders the genie of his magic lamp to create an invisible barrier. However, Sokurah drops the lamp when the cyclops throws a boulder into the sea, overturning their boat, though the men are able to swim to the ship. The cyclops retrieves the lamp from the water after the barrier disappears. On board the ship Sokurah tells Sinbad about how many ships crashed on the island and the cyclops collected all their treasure. He offers it to him if they turn back to get the lamp but Sinbad refuses. He and Princess Parisa , from the kingdom of Chandra, are on their way to Sinbad's native Baghdad to be married. Their union would cement ties between their two nations. The Caliph of Baghdad  allows Sokurah to provide entertainment on the night before the wedding. Later, Sokurah prophecises war between the two nations when asked to look into the future. The Caliph is angered by this; and refuses to provide a ship and crew to retrieve his lamp while threatening to have him blinded if he is not out of Bagdad before sunset. That night, the magician secretly shrinks Parisa to the size of a hand. When she is discovered her father threatens Bagdad with war. Sinbad is able to find Sokurah as he leaves the City. Sokurah claims he knows of a potion that can restore Parisa, but it requires a piece of the eggshell of a roc, a giant, two-headed bird that coincidentally nests on the peaks of Colossa. The Caliph has no choice but to provide a ship. Sinbad enlists his loyal men from the previous voyage, but they are not enough and Sinbad is forced to recruit inmates from the Caliph's prison. Before they reach the island of Colossa, the cutthroats mutiny and capture Sokurah, Sinbad, and his men. However, the sounds of screaming demons from an island south of Colossa madden the crew, and the ship is in danger of being dashed upon the rocks, after which sea-serpents will devour the sailors. One of the mutineers releases Sinbad so he can save the ship and the leader of the mutineers falls from the mast. On the island of Colossa, Sinbad, Sokurah and some of the sailors enter the valley of the Cyclops where they find the treasure but are attacked by the monster. Sokurah focuses on getting the magic lamp and ignores the pleas of his comrades. Sinbad manages to blind the cyclops and leads it off a cliff to its death. Still needing Sokurah to guide him, Sinbad takes possession of the lamp. Parisa enters the lamp where she finds the unhappy boy genie Barani . He shows her an inscription inside the lamp of how he can be freed and tells her the words to summon him in return for her promise to free him. The party reaches the nest of the two-headed roc, just before a giant hatchling emerges from its shell. Some of the men break open the egg and slay it as they feel hungry, which incites an attack by the infuriated parent. Meanwhile, Sokurah kills Sinbad's faithful lieutenant Harufa when he prevents him from getting the lamp. Sinbad manages to retrieve both a fragment of an eggshell and the lamp but is captured by the Roc which drops him unconscious in its nest. The magician then abducts the tiny Princess and takes her to his underground fortress. Sinbad recovers, is told by the Genie what happened, and climbs down into the valley of the Cyclops to the entrance of Sokura's cave. He slips past the chained guardian dragon. Upon finding the magician he agrees to restore Parisa to her normal size in return for the lamp. However, Sinbad then refuses to give him the lamp until they get back to the ship, so Sokura brings to life a skeleton swordsman to challenge him. Sinbad eventually defeats it and he and the Princess flee. As they cross over a river of molten lava Sokurah causes part of the bridge to break off. The Princess summons the Genie who gives the two a rope to swing over. Parisa recalls part of the prophecy the genie told her about. She throws the lamp into the lava to free the genie from his captivity. When the two leave the cave, they encounter another cyclops. Sinbad releases the dragon who engages the cyclops in a fight to the death as Sinbad and Parisa make good their escape back to the shore. Sokurah orders the victorious dragon to follow and kill them. However, Sinbad's men have time to organize a giant crossbow ballista and fire at the dragon. Sokurah is accidentally crushed by the fatally wounded monster while Sinbad, Parisa, and the other survivors depart. They are joined by the genie, Sinbad's new cabin boy, who has placed the treasure of the Cyclops in Sinbad's cabin as a wedding gift."] ['Karel Horák  and Božena Horáková  are a childless couple and for medical reasons are doomed to remain so. While on vacation with their neighbors at a house in the country, Karel decides to buy the house at the suggestion of his neighbor. When he is fixing up the house, he digs up a tree stump that looks vaguely like a baby. He spends the rest of the evening cleaning it up and then presents it to his wife. She names the stump Otík and starts to treat it like a real baby. She then works out a plan to fake her pregnancy and becoming more and more impatient she speeds up the process and \'gives birth\' one month early. Otík comes alive and has an insatiable appetite. Alžbětka , the neighbor\'s daughter, has been suspicious all along, and when she reads the fairy tale about Otesánek, the truth becomes clear to her. Meanwhile little Otík has been just eating and growing. At one point he eats some of Božena\'s hair, and another day she returns home to find that Otík has eaten their cat. Karel and his wife are at odds with Karel pushing for killing the thing and Božena defending it as their child. The baby later consumes a postal worker  and then a social worker . The resulting deaths lead Karel to tie up and lock Otík away in the basement of their apartment building, leaving Otík to starve. Alžbětka secretly takes over as prime caretaker. She tries to keep Otík fed with normal human food, but, when her mother stops her, she is forced to drawing straws  to choose a person to feed to Otík. The first victim is an old man and pedophile, Mr. Žlábek , and the second victim is Karel himself, who had come with a chainsaw but on seeing Otík calls him "son" and drops the chainsaw. Afterwards, Božena goes into the basement and is heard screaming. In the end, Otík disobeys Alžbětka despite repeated warnings and eats the cabbage patch of the paní správcová , meaning porter\'s wife or an old woman.  In the fairy tale upon which the movie is based, the old woman kills Otesanek by splitting his stomach open with a hoe, however, the film ends with her descending the stairs, Alžbětka reciting the end of the fairy tale tearfully; the audience is not allowed to witness the deed.'] ["The story commences on the streets of Prague on a grey morning with commuters bustling about. We are introduced to the figure of an Everyman, played by Petr Čepek, a colourless figure emerging from a metro station. On his way home, the man encounters two men handing out flyers. It is a map of the city with a location marked in. He shrugs and discards it, returning to his lodging. As he opens the door, a black cockerel runs out. The man sits down to eat, cutting himself a slice of bread. He discovers an egg concealed inside the loaf. He cracks it open but it is empty. Suddenly the lights go out and the wind rises. Objects are thrown about the room. The commotion ceases; the man goes to the window and looks down to where the two men from earlier are staring up at him. One of them holds the cockerel. The man closes the blind and returns to the table, where he finds the map and, using his own map of the city, traces out the location marked. The next day, he goes to the spot indicated and enters a dilapidated building from which just a man rushes in fear. The man presses on into the interior and descends to a dressing room, where he finds a charred script, a robe embroidered with sigils, greasepaint, a wig with beard and a cap. Sitting down he dresses himself as Faust and speaks to himself  Faust's opening declaration of intent to follow black magic. As the opening curtain is signalled, 'Faust' finds himself on a stage, a performance about to begin. Ripping off his costume, he breaks through the stage backdrop into a vault where an alchemist's laboratory is revealed; with the aid of a book of spells, he brings to life a clay child which grows horrifyingly into his own image before he smashes it. Warned by a marionette angel not to experiment further but encouraged by a demon to do as he pleases, he is sent by a wooden messenger to a cafe meeting with the two street-map men, identified as 'Cornelius' and 'Valdes', who give him a briefcase of magical devices. Returning to the vault, he uses these to summon Mephisto, offering Lucifer his soul in return for 24 years of self-indulgence. At another café, 'Faust' is entertained by Comelius and Valdes, who provide a fountain of wine from a table-top. He watches as a tramp, carrying a severed human leg, is pestered by a large black dog until he throws the limb into the river. 'Faust' finds a key in his food, uses it on a shop-front shutter, and is dragged back on stage by waiting stagehands. He mimes a scene from Gounod's opera, in which Mephisto returns and the pact with Lucifer is signed in blood. After the interval, 'Faust' visits Portugal to demonstrate his supernatural powers to the King: when a requested restaging of the David and Goliath contest is poorly received, he drowns the entire Portuguese court. 'Faust' is distracted from repentance Helen of Troy, whom he seduces before realising she is a wooden demon in disguise. Lucifer arrives earlier than expected to claim the soul, and 'Faust' rushes in panic from the theatre, meeting a newcomerin at the doorway as he bursts into the street. He is felled by a red car, and Cornelius and Valdes watch in amusement as a tramp carries away a severed leg from the scene of the accident. A policeman checks the car, but it is without a driver."] ['{{plot}} One morning in the magic garden, Dougal the dog is yelling at his cuckoo clock for dropping its pendulum on his bed. He suddenly realises that something strange happened last night, and he takes the train to speak to Zebedee about it. After a talk with Ermentrude , Brian , Dylan , and Mr. Machenry , he finds Zebedee conducting an orchestra of French lollipops. Once the lollipops leave on the train, Dougal tells Zebedee about what happened last night. He got to bed early, because he was tired from all his work. After a few seconds of sleep, he woke up. He got out of bed and heard a loud shriek. It was an owl who said to him "\'Allo, cheeky!". Dougal then heard something even more sinister. A voice. After he hears the voice, he hears a second, female voice. They were coming from the old treacle factory, which had been shut down. After observing the scene from a red tree, he hears the female voice again. He returned to his bed and got back to his rest. After the flashback, Zebedee asks Dougal if he was not dreaming. After Dougal asks himself if he\'s "going dotty", Zebedee bounces away. Dougal then goes to see Florence. Florence is busy cleaning her house, then she leaves for the roundabout. Her friends show her something on the magic roundabout. A blue cat. After doing a small dance, he decides to be named Buxton. Zebedee tells Florence that Dougal has a "problem". While Florence\'s friends ride on the roundabout, Florence goes to speak to Dougal, who is picking flowers. Florence introduces Dougal to Buxton. Dougal, jealous of the attention directed toward Buxton, dislikes him and tries to convince him that he, Buxton, will not like staying in the Garden because of the rain. At the bridge, Dylan, Ermentrude and Brian meet him as well. Ermentrude says that "Blue is beautiful". This reminds Dougal about what happened last night at the treacle factory. Everyone, with the exception of Dougal, decides that Buxton should sleep at Dougal\'s. They make the bed for him, while the cuckoo puts his pendulum back on the clock. Meanwhile, Florence is picking blue flowers and Dougal is taking a walk, he accidentally steps on a platform, and is elevated. Buxton hears this and goes off to the treacle factory. Once he gets there, he introduces himself to the blue voice . Buxton enters the ruins of the old treacle factory where he is crowned King after correctly identifying the colours of seven doors . At the entrance, he is warned that he will get shot by a crossbow if he guesses incorrectly or forgets. He recognises the first door as blue. When he enters the next room, he discovers a machine sorting out blue flowers and dumping the other colour flowers. The blue voice than says her famous line "Blue is beautiful, blue is best. I\'m blue, I\'m beautiful, I\'m best!". The second door is cobalt blue. Buxton enters a room with piles of clothing. A large machine is collecting the blue clothing and putting the other coloured clothing in a trunk. The machine also accidentally puts a blue sheet onto Buxton. Buxton correctly guesses the third door to be Saxony blue. In here, he meets an array of scary masks. Once he escapes, Buxton goes through the fourth door, which is indigo. Buxton finds himself in an observatory-like room. He finds the fifth door to be baby blue, though he momentarily forgets. He then enters the room of thunder and lightning. The next door is Prussian blue. He finds the guard room, where his blue men are created. Buxton then jumps through a small gap in between his men to reach the final door, royal blue. After being crowned, he sings a song. Meanwhile, Ermentrude is painting blue pictures. Brian inadverently helps Dougal down from the hoist by chewing the rope holding it. Dougal then tells everyone that Buxton is evil, but nobody believes him. A blue cactus then shows up while Ermentrude is showing Buxton all her paintings. Buxton informs everyone that the cacti are the "fast-growing" variety, and is happy to see it. Zebedee arrives, and informs everyone that his moustache has gone missing from his bedside table. The group search for the magic moustache, whilst Buxton sneaks off to the treacle factory. Buxton tells his army to capture everyone. The army leaves, singing a song. Buxton observes through a periscope. Buxton\'s army eventually captures every character, except Dougal, and they are imprisoned. Buxton reveals himself to be in possession of Zebedee\'s magic moustache, so they are unable to escape with magic. Dougal has the idea to dye himself blue, and he heads towards the treacle factory. Here, he falls through a trapdoor, and straight into Buxton\'s royal chamber. Dougal introduces himself as Blue Peter. Buxton comments on the fact that "Blue Peter" is very similar to Dougal, but when Dougal says that he hates sugar. Buxton proceeds to lock Dougal in a torture chamber, which is a room full of sugar cubes. Dougal faces the dilemma of eating the sugar, and revealing his true identity, or resisting the sugar, thus earning Buxton\'s trust. He resists, and is released from the room and given the title of Prime Minister. Dougal takes a "tour" of the caves beneath the treacle factory, and manages to locate the place where Buxton has imprisoned everyone. They identify him as Dougal, but he tells them to call him by his alias, Blue Peter, as he may have been followed. At this point, Buxton shows up, Ermentrude and Brian call Dougal a "blue-bag", and Buxton warns them not to mock his Prime Minister. Madam Blue orders Buxton and Dougal to conquer the Moon. Whilst on the Moon, Dougal falls in a puddle and his dye washes off, revealing his true identity. The pair begin to fight, and manage to make it to the rocket, where they continue to fight. Dougal is pushed out of the rocket, but his parachute deploys, and he makes it safely back to the factory. Buxton, meanwhile, remains in the rocket, which crashes inside the factory, and causes him to feel unwell. Buxton tells Madam Blue that Blue Peter was really Dougal, Madam Blue becomes infuriated and strips Buxton of his title. Meanwhile, Dougal frees everyone from the prison cell, and they escape the treacle factory. However, Brian tries to tell Dougal that they\'ve forgotten something. Brian takes it upon himself to enter the factory on his own. The group return to the magic garden, and come across Buxton. The factory is shown collapsing to the ground. Brian\'s whereabouts is questioned, and Dougal says that Brian went back into the factory. The group begin mourning Brian, and Dougal tells Buxton that he should "blush for shame". Buxton flashes between red and blue a few times, before turning white. Brian appears, and says that the group should forgive him. After this, it snows and Mr. Rusty gives everyone a ride on the magic roundabout.'] ["Teen-aged Hans Christian Andersen daydreams instead of studying for school. He runs away from home. Whenever he falls asleep, he dreams that he is in strange adventures with tailors, a tiny girl no bigger than a thumb, a mermaid, a devil boy in Eden, and others. In reality, as well as in his dreams, Hans is searching for the Garden of Paradise, which in reality, does not find. The dream sequences are puppet animation, complete with a puppet version of himself. These dreams become the basis for his fairy tale fictions, which he writes as an adult: The Little Mermaid, Thumbelina, The Ugly Duckling, The Emperor's New Clothes, and The Garden of Paradise."] ["The Book of the Dead is set in the Nara period at around 750 CE, the era when Buddhism was being introduced from China. Iratsume, a young woman from a noble house, becomes obsessed with the new religion and spends much of her time hand-copying the sutras, trying to understand the teachings of the Buddha. On the eve of each equinox and solstice she begins to see a radiant figure looking not unlike the Buddha floating between the twin peaks of distant Mount Futakami. One evening, after completing her one-thousandth copy of a sutra, her view the figure she has been longing to see again is obscured by a rainstorm. In pursuit of it she slips away from her household to the foot of the mountain, where she arrives at a temple that women are forbidden to enter. There she learns that the figure might not be Buddha, but the soul of the executed Prince Ōtsu which wanders in torment between this world and the next. When Iratsume and Ōtsu's soul encounter, they feel compelled to unite. They forge a bond, bringing comfort and peace to each other – a bond that allows the prince's soul to find rest. The film follows the Japanese teaching that came from Buddhism: that no matter who they are, friends or foes, the souls of the dead need to be relieved. Kawamoto has said that the film is dedicated to all the innocent people who have died in recent wars.http://www.midnighteye.com/reviews/the-book-of-the-dead.shtml"] [' Coraline Jones moves with her mother and father from her comfortable life in Pontiac, Michigan to the Pink Palace, a dilapidated three-bedroom apartment building in Ashland, Oregon, which is also occupied by retired actresses Misses Spink and Forcible, and eccentric Russian acrobat Mr. Bobinsky. With her parents perpetually working on a gardening catalog and paying little attention to her, Coraline feels neglected and decides to explore their new home, befriending Wybie Lovat, the grandson of the apartments\' landlady. While exploring, Coraline finds a small door sealed off by a brick wall. That night, Coraline is awakened by a mouse and follows it to the small door where she discovers a long, dark corridor in the brick wall\'s place. Coraline goes through it and finds herself in the Other World, a fantastical parallel version of the Pink Palace inhabited by doppelgangers of her parents called the Other Mother and Other Father, who have black buttons for eyes. These beings prove to be warmer and more attentive than Coraline\'s real parents, particularly the Other Mother, who does everything she can to impress Coraline. Coraline decides to stay the night at the Other World, but when she wakes the next morning, she finds herself in her old world. Despite warnings of danger from her neighbors, Coraline continues to go to the Other World at night to escape from the doldrums of her real life and is entertained by button-eyed "Other" versions of her neighbors, including a mute Other Wybie, who guides her through the Other World. During her third visit, Coraline encounters a black cat from her own world that has the ability to talk in the Other World, and also warns Coraline of danger. She disregards the warnings until the Other Mother invites her to live in the Other World forever if she sews buttons over her eyes. When Coraline demands to return home, the Other Mother angrily reveals her true form as a monstrous witch and traps Coraline in a small room behind a mirror where she meets the ghosts of three children who had lost their eyes and souls to the Other Mother. With the help of the Other Wybie, Coraline escapes to her own world, but finds that her parents have been kidnapped by the Other Mother. Armed with a seeing stone provided by the real Spink and Forcible, Coraline returns to the Other World and challenges the Other Mother to a game to find her missing parents and the eyes of the ghost children in the Other World, agreeing to stay in the Other World if she loses. Coraline uses her seeing stone to find the ghosts\' eyes and outwits the twisted inhabitants of the Other World guarding them, and later finds her parents trapped in a snow globe. Knowing that the Other Mother will never let her leave even if she wins, Coraline tricks the Other Mother into opening the door to the real world and escapes through it, closing the door on the Other Mother\'s hand and severing it. Coraline finds her parents safe with no memory of what had happened, and the ghost children at peace. To keep the Other Mother from returning, Coraline intends to drop the key to the door between her world and the Other World down a water well near her house, but the Other Mother\'s severed hand enters Coraline\'s world and tries to drag Coraline back to the Other World. Wybie arrives and destroys the hand, and he and Coraline drop its remains and the key down the well. With her parents done with their work and able to spend time with their daughter, Coraline holds a garden party with her family and neighbors, content with her new life. In a post-credits scene, the mice are floating around and around.'] ['The film centers around Union soldiers escaping in a gas balloon from a Confederate prison camp during the American Civil War. They end up crashing in the ocean, only to find themselves washed up on an unknown island, where gigantic animals abound. They make shelter in the cave home of a marooned sailor who had hanged himself years earlier. It would later be revealed that the animals were the result of experiments by the presumed-dead Captain Nemo to end war by solving the problem of world hunger. He has been an unknown benefactor to the castaways as they struggled to survive on the island. The island\'s volcano threatens to erupt. After a skirmish with pirates the stranded group manages to escape from the island on the pirates\' ship as the volcano destroys the island. The highlights of the film were Ray Harryhausen\'s animation sequences. The different animated "monsters" that the castaways encountered included a monstrous crab, a giant flightless bird , giant bees and a giant cephalopod resembling a prehistoric ammonite.'] ['Following their first encounter with a ghost, misfit parapsychologists Peter Venkman , Raymond Stantz , and Egon Spengler  lose their jobs at Columbia University. Unable to research their discovery, the trio establish a paranormal exterminator service known as "Ghostbusters" in a retired firehouse. Lacking customers and faced with dwindling funds, they are eventually hired by the Sedgewick Hotel to investigate a haunting. At the hotel, they capture their first ghost and deposit it in a "containment unit" located in the firehouse basement. Paranormal activity begins to increase in New York City, and the Ghostbusters become celebrities containing it, while at the same time becoming increasingly burdened by the hectic schedule. The group later hire a fourth member, Winston Zeddemore , to help them cope with the demands. The Ghostbusters are hired by Dana Barrett , whose apartment is haunted by a demonic spirit called Zuul, a demigod worshipped as a servant to Gozer the Gozerian, a Sumerian shape-changer god of destruction. Venkman takes a particular interest in the case, competing for Dana\'s affection with her neighbor, Louis Tully . As they investigate, Dana is possessed by Zuul, which declares itself "The Gatekeeper", and Louis by a similar demon called Vinz Clortho, "The Keymaster." Both demons speak of the coming of the destructive Gozer, and the Ghostbusters plan to keep the two apart. Thereafter, the Ghostbusters\' office is visited by Walter Peck , a lawyer representing the EPA, who arrests the team for operating an unlicensed nuclear device in their basement and orders their ghost containment grid deactivated, unleashing hundreds of captured ghosts onto the city. Freed from the Ghostbusters\' custody, Louis/Vinz advances toward Dana/Zuul\'s apartment while the escaped ghosts create havoc throughout the city. Consulting blueprints of Dana\'s apartment, the Ghostbusters learn that it was built by mad doctor and cult leader Ivo Shandor, who designed the building as a gateway to summon Gozer and bring about the end of the world, claiming humanity was too sick to survive after the horrors of World War I. The Ghostbusters are brought to the mayor\'s office and freed in order to combat the paranormal activity, but are unable to prevent the arrival of Gozer, who initially appears as a woman . Briefly subdued by the team, Gozer disappears, but her voice echoes that the "destructor" will follow, taking a form chosen by the team. Venkman, holding that this means that whatever they imagine will appear as a destroying force, urges his comrades to avoid giving form to the destructor by clearing their minds. Unable to keep his mind blank, Stantz remembers a beloved corporate mascot from childhood, "something that could never, ever possibly destroy us," whereupon the destructor arrives in Stantz\'s chosen form of the giant Stay Puft Marshmallow Man and begins laying waste to the city. To defeat this manifestation, the team decides to merge the energy streams of their proton packs  while directing these against Gozer\'s entrance. The plan succeeds, banishing Gozer back to whence it came, sealing the gateway between the worlds, and destroying the Marshmallow Man in a single explosion. Soon thereafter, Dana and Louis are freed from the ashen remains of their possessors. As hundreds of New Yorkers wipe the melted marshmallow goo from their brows, the Ghostbusters are applauded by the city\'s population.'] ['The story picks up about a month after the dramatic finale of the previous film and follows the further adventures of filmmaker Carl Denham (again played by [[Robert Armstrong , now implicated in numerous lawsuits following the destruction wrought by Kong. Denham leaves New York with the captain of the "Venture", Captain Englehorn , who is certain it is just a matter of time before he is similarly served. Their efforts to make money shipping cargo around the Orient are less than successful. In the Dutch port of Dakang, Denham is amused to see there\'s a "show" being presented, so he and Englehorn attend. It turns out to be a series of performing monkeys, capped by a song  sung by a young woman named Hilda . That night, Hilda\'s father, who runs the show, stays up drinking with a Norwegian skipper named Nils Helstrom, who had lost his ship under questionable circumstances. The two men fight and Hilda\'s father is killed, their tent burns down and Hilda releases all the monkeys. Denham and Englehorn run into Helstrom, who was the man that sold Denham the map to Kong\'s Island, and he convinces the two that there was a treasure on the island. Denham and Englehorn agree to go back and try to retrieve it. Later, Denham meets Hilda while she is trying to recapture her monkeys and tries to cheer her up. Despite her pleas, Denham refuses to take her with him when he leaves Dakang. Shortly after they put out to sea, however, Hilda is found stowing away on board. Helstrom talks Hilda into silence and incites a mutiny on board the "Venture". But the sailors want no more captains and throw him overboard alongside Denham, Englehorn, Hilda and the cook, Charlie. The five land on Kong\'s Island where they discover the natives blame Denham for the destruction of their village and they are forced to move to a different part of the island. There, Denham and Hilda meet and befriend a albino gorilla just over twice the height of a man. Denham assumes the ape to be Kong\'s son and calls him "Little Kong". He is much friendlier than his namesake and saves Denham and Hilda from a giant cave bear. Denham bandages Little Kong\'s injured finger in return. Despite the fact that Helstrom made up his story out of desperation, Denham finds an authentic treasure. Shortly afterwards, Little Kong, Denham and the girl are attacked by a giant nothosaur which Little Kong kills, while Helstrom tries to escape in the lifeboat but is eaten by an elasmosaurus. An earthquake hits the island and it begins to sink into the ocean. Little Kong dies saving Denham by holding him above the water until he can be rescued. The film ends with Denham and Hilda throwing their lot in together, as the treasure will make all four survivors  wealthy.'] ['Situated in a facsimile of London\'s Christmas Square, the special is co-hosted by Rex , an erudite and intellectual tyrannosaurus, and Herb , a dimwitted, bespectacled styracosaurus with a voracious appetite. Some critics have cited similarities between these two characters and film critics Gene Siskel and Roger Ebert. Recurring characters in Vinton\'s films dating back to 1980, Rex and Herb introduce several stand-alone videos of Christmas carols and standards and discuss the origins of each song relating to different holiday traditions around the world. The songs featured were: * "We Three Kings" by the Three Wise Men and their doo-wop-singing camels * "Carol of the Bells" performed at Notre Dame Cathedral under the direction of Maestro Quasimodo by The Paris Bell-Harmonic, a group of anthropomorphic church bells who strike themselves in the head with hammers to achieve their respective notes * "O Christmas Tree" performed by a children\'s choir, showing various scenes taking place inside of Christmas ornaments * "Angels We Have Heard On High", an instrumental version of the carol with an interpretive ice ballet performed by a pair of walruses and six penguins. * "Joy to the World", a soulful rendition of the carol featuring images depicting African-American culture * "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" sung by the California Raisins  * "Here We Come A-Wassailing" sung by the entire cast Throughout the program, Rex futilely attempts to clarify the true pronunciation and meaning of the term \'wassail\', featured in the Christmas carol Here We Come A-Wassailing. As the show progresses, Rex is dismayingly accosted by different groups singing the song, though each version is lyrically incorrect. *Here We Come a-Waffling, sung by a kennel of dogs selling waffles from a vendors wagon. *Here We Come a-Waddling, by a gaggle of straggling geese carrying baskets of goodies. *Here We Come a-Wallowing, by a herd of slovenly pigs on a field wagon gorging themselves on an abundance of assorted fruits.  Though Rex is convinced his own definition is correct, he finds himself continually being questioned by the others, including Herb when he\'s not busy excessively partaking of the various Christmas treats offered by each group. Finally, near the program\'s end, a large truck loaded with cider-swilling townsfolk arrives on the scene, singing the correct version of the carol, validating Rex\'s theories much to his delight. After one of the townies explains the real meaning of wassailing—going around the neighborhood singing Christmas Carols, and getting treats and cordials, the entire cast performs Here We Come A-wassailing, and then We Wish You a Merry Christmas as the end credits roll. This special was released on the Henstooth Video DVD Will Vinton\'s Claymation Christmas Plus Halloween & Easter Celebrations in 2003.'] ['After being taken from his home in Africa, Joe is an instant hit in the Hollywood nightclub "The Golden Safari" , but the novelty wears off and he is tired and homesick after seventeen weeks of performing. An ill-conceived skit with Jill as an organ-grinder leaves Joe  storming off-stage, and, to make matters worse, three drunks sneak backstage and ply Joe with liquor. Intoxicated, he breaks out of his cage and into the club, his rampage turning lions loose and inflicting massive damage. A court orders him shot. Jill, Gregg, and O\'Hara cook up a plan to get Joe out of the country, but on the way to a ship, they stop to rescue children from a burning orphanage, and Joe redeems himself. The film ends with O\'Hara receiving home movies from his friends in Africa, letting the audience know that Joe is going to be all right.'] ["Teenagers Sherlock Holmes ([[Nicholas Rowe  and John Watson ([[Alan Cox  meet and become good friends as students at London's prestigious Brompton Academy. Watson is introduced to Holmes’ mentor, Rupert T. Waxflatter ([[Nigel Stock , a retired schoolmaster and inventor. Waxflatter's niece Elizabeth  is also Holmes’ close friend and love interest and Holmes competes for her affections with fellow student Dudley , though she shows a marked preference for Holmes. Meanwhile, a hooded figure uses a blowpipe to shoot Bentley Bobster and Reverend Duncan Nesbitt with hallucinogenic thorns, the effects of which lead to their deaths; Bobster leaps out a window; Nesbitt is trampled by a horse carriage. Holmes suspects foul play but is rebuffed by Scotland Yard policeman Lestrade  when he suggests a connection between the deaths. Holmes is unjustly expelled from the Academy due to Dudley’s machinations. Before he leaves, Holmes has one last match with his fencing instructor Professor Rathe ([[Anthony Higgins  but loses after becoming distracted by a light reflected from Rathe’s ring. The mysterious hooded figure strikes again, shooting Waxflatter with a hallucinogenic thorn, causing him to stab himself as he fends off imagined gargoyles. As he dies, Waxflatter's last words to Holmes are “Eh-tar.” Holmes secretly meets with Watson and Elizabeth and begins his investigation of the murders. Piecing together the clues – a jingling-bell sound made by the killer, a piece of cloth, and the blowpipe dropped at Waxflatter's murder scene – the trio uncover the existence of Rame Tep, an ancient Egyptian cult of Osiris worshippers. The cult’s main weapons were blowpipes, used to shoot thorns dipped into a solution which cause the victim to experience realistic, nightmare-like hallucinations. Their investigation then leads to a warehouse of Froggit and Froggit, a Wapping-area manufacturer, where they discover a modern-day revival of the Rame Tep cult conducting their service inside a wooden-pyramid-reconstruction hidden in the warehouse. When Holmes interrupts the ceremonial sacrifice of a young girl, the three are attacked and shot with thorns by the worshippers. It is only through Holmes’ endurance and the intervention of a graveyard caretaker that they're able to survive the hallucinations and their pursuers. The following evening, at Waxflatter’s loft, Holmes and Watson discover a picture of the three victims and a fourth man, Chester Cragwitch . Unfortunately, Rathe and school nurse Mrs. Dribb  catch and separate them, preparing to expel Watson and Elizabeth in the morning. The three escape their sleeping quarters and Elizabeth returns to the loft to salvage her uncle’s work. Holmes and Watson locate Mr. Cragwitch who explains that in his youth, he and the other men discovered an underground pyramid of Rame Tep while planning to build a hotel in Egypt. Their find led to an angry uprising by the local populace which was violently put down by the British Army; one boy, Eh-Tar, who along with his sister lost their parents in the uprising, swore revenge. Craigwitch is then poisoned by the hooded figure's thorn and suddenly attacks Holmes but is subdued by Mr. Lestrade, who came after reconsidering the evidence presented by Holmes. As they return to campus, Holmes realizes that Rathe is Eh-Tar, but he and Watson arrive too late to stop Rathe and Mrs. Dribb, who is revealed as Eh-Tar's sister and the hooded figure, from abducting Elizabeth. Using Waxflatter’s self-propelled, heavier-than-air flying machine, they travel to the warehouse just in time to prevent Rathe from sacrificing Elizabeth, setting the cult's pyramid temple afire. As Rathe escapes with Elizabeth, Mrs Dribb is killed in a fight with Holmes. Watson successfully thwarts Rathe’s escape by sabotaging his carriage. Rathe then tries to shoot Holmes, but Elizabeth intervenes and takes the shot instead. Enraged, Holmes duels Rathe and manages to get the better of him when Rathe falls through the frozen River Thames. Holmes returns to Elizabeth’s side and caresses her as she dies. Afterwards, as he exchanges goodbyes with Watson, Holmes explains how he figured out the identity of Rathe and Dribb, with Watson pointing out that Rathe is Eh-Tar spelled backwards – a clue that Holmes had failed to notice. As Holmes leaves by horse carriage, Watson expresses per voice-over  that he would long for yet more adventures at Holmes' side. Some time later, Rathe is revealed to be alive; he checks himself into an inn as “Moriarty”, making him Holmes' arch-nemesis."] ['Howard  lives on Duckworld, a planet just like Earth but inhabited by anthropomorphic ducks. One night, as he reads the latest issue of Playduck Magazine, his armchair begins to quake violently and propels him out of his apartment building and into outer space, where he eventually ends up on Earth, in Cleveland, Ohio. Upon arriving, Howard encounters a girl being attacked by thugs and decides to help her out with his unique brand of "Quack Fu". After the thugs scamper, the girl introduces herself as Beverly , and decides to take Howard to her apartment and let him spend the night. The next day, Beverly takes Howard to a supposed-scientist by the name of Phil Blumburtt , who Beverly hopes can help Howard return to his world. After Phil is revealed to be only a lab assistant, Howard resigns himself to life on Earth and rejects Beverly\'s aid. With the help of a no-nonsense secretary , he soon lands a job cleaning up at a local romantic spa. Due to unfair treatment by his boss , Howard ultimately quits his job and returns to Beverly, who plays in a band called Cherry Bomb. At the club where Cherry Bomb is performing, Howard comes across the group\'s sleazy manager , and confronts the manager when he badmouths the band. A fight ensues in which Howard is victorious, and he then forces the manager to release Cherry Bomb from their unfair contract. Howard rejoins Beverly backstage after the band\'s performance, gives the band their money and accompanies Beverly back to her apartment, where Beverly chooses Howard to be Cherry Bomb\'s new manager. The two begin to flirt and joke at the idea of sexual intercourse, but are interrupted when Blumburtt and two of his colleagues, Dr. Walter Jenning  and Larry , arrive and reveal how Howard came to Earth; Scientists had been working on a dimensional-jumping device that just happened to be aimed at Howard\'s universe and brought him to Earth accidentally. They believe they can send Howard back through a reversal of the process, so they all agree to visit the lab with the intention of sending him back. As they arrive at the lab the laser is malfunctioning again, this time causing Jenning\'s body to be taken over by an alien from "the Nexus of Sominus." Because the malfunctioning laser exploded someone has called the police, who arrive during the resulting chaos. Since Howard seems out of place  the police decide Howard must be to blame and try to arrest him. Beverly and Jenning escape while Jenning begins a slow physical transformation into the alien he says is inside of him. Howard, Beverly, and Jenning get into Jenning\'s truck and flee from the police as Jenning continues his transformation. They decide to visit a "Cajun sushi diner" where Jenning introduces himself as "the Dark Overlord of the Universe" and demonstrates his supernatural powers by causing a bottle of ketchup and a bottle of mustard to break. Howard is rude to the waitress, causing a group of truckers to insult him, leading to another fight. The entire diner then decides to cook Howard. They overwhelm him, carrying him into the kitchen and tying him to a table. The Dark Overlord then uses his powers to destroy the diner, freeing Howard. Deciding he will invade Earth, the Dark Overlord kidnaps Beverly, escaping in a semi truck. As she protests he explains he will need human hosts for his army. On his own for the moment, Howard soon finds Phil and frees him from the police. The next section of the movie is an extended chase scene in which the two steal an ultralight aircraft, which they fly along roads searching for Beverly while the police remain in hot pursuit. Back at the lab the Dark Overlord ties Beverly to a desk and puts her under the laser, saying he\'ll transfer another one of its kind into her body with the laser. Howard and Phil return to the lab and find a "neutron disintegrator" the lab had been testing for the military. When they shoot him with the weapon the Dark Overlord is forced from Jenning\'s body; neither are harmed. The Dark Overlord turns out to be a monstrous scorpion-like creature with human-like face and arms. Howard fires the neutron disintegrator again, obliterating the Dark Overlord, but there are already more of the Dark Overlords on their way to Earth. Howard is forced to decide between letting Earth\'s invasion take place while he returns home or destroy the laser, which would strand him on Earth. Howard chooses to destroy the laser. Remaining on Earth, Howard chooses to becomes Beverly\'s band\'s manager. He hires Phil as a crew member for the band during their tour. A large rock concert is shown where Howard is invited up on stage with Beverly\'s band and is shown playing guitar with them.'] ['Glen  returns home to find his house abandoned. Nobody answers his calls, but there is a half-eaten dinner in the kitchen and the eerie sound of laughter from somewhere nearby. He goes into the backyard and climbs into the treehouse, where he finds a lit lantern and a doll. The tree is abruptly struck by lightning and collapses. Glen awakens to the sound of men at work; it was only a nightmare. Through his window, he sees that the workers have cut down the tree in his backyard and a fragment of a geode has been unearthed. Glen returns with his friend Terry to dig for more. Though the workers have attempted to fill the hole left by the tree, Glen and Terry breach the surface and uncover a large geode. In the process, Glen catches a splinter and leaves a small bit of blood behind. With Glen\'s parents leaving town for three days, they leave his sister Alexandra  in charge. Al decides to throw a party. Upstairs, Terry and Glen break open the geode. They discover it has left strange writing on a notepad, and read the incantations aloud. They go downstairs just as the party-goers have begun playing a levitation game. Everyone is shocked when they successfully levitate Glen. That night, Glen sees his bedroom wall stretching, and Terry embraces a heavenly apparition of his dead mother, only to have it turn out to be the body of Angus, Glen\'s recently-deceased dog. The next day, Terry brings a heavy metal album to Glen\'s house, with lyrics supposedly based on something called "The Dark Book". He believes that the hole in Glen\'s backyard is a gateway to the domain of evil gods, and speculates that their actions from the previous day started the process. He speculates that the only missing element would be to deposit a sacrifice into the hole. Unknown to them, a friend of Al\'s has already dumped Angus into the hole, completing the summoning. After reading a section from "The Dark Book" that is supposed to close the Gate, the boys find the hole has closed and assume their efforts were successful. That night, a swarm of moths shatter Glen\'s bedroom window, and Angus\' corpse is found in Terry\'s bed. A pair of demonic arms try to pull Al under the bed, and Terry and Glen barely save her. They attempt to flee the house, but are greeted outside by Glen and Al\'s parents, who are actually disguised demons. After returning to the house Al volunteers to inspect the yard, but the others see it swarming with small demons and call her back. Terry leads everyone to the basement to retrieve "The Dark Book", but it bursts into flames. They then attempt to stop the creatures by reading the Bible. Terry reads from Psalm 59 and the hole seems to be closing, but he slips and falls into the hole, where he is attacked by the demons. Al and Glen pull Terry out as the hole begins closing. Terry reads from Genesis, but ultimately throws the Bible into the hole. An explosion knocks them unconscious. When they wake up the hole appears sealed. That night, a wall breaks open and a dead body falls through. Glen wonders if this is the construction worker he heard was buried in the walls of the house. Before either of the boys can react, the construction worker pulls Terry into the wall, which seals behind him. Upstairs, Al notices a hazy image of the construction worker in her mirror. Glen bursts into Al\'s bedroom, and the construction worker appears. Al throws a stereo at him and he disintegrates into dozens of little demons. Al holds the bedroom door shut while Glen races downstairs to find their father\'s gun. A demonic version of Terry appears and bites his hand. Al runs downstairs to help, and stabs Terry in the eye. Al and Glen hide in a closet, but the construction worker breaks through an interior wall. Al fires a shot into his head, but he is uninjured and drags her away. Glen realizes that Terry and Al represent the two human sacrifices that would fully open the gate. He also realizes that the rocket Al intended to give him for his birthday, a symbol of love, light and purity, is the only thing that can stop the rise of the Old Gods. He makes his way upstairs just before the floor collapses, revealing a chasm beneath the house. Glen retrieves the rocket and attempts to launch it, but the matches keep blowing out. The wind sucks Glen onto the foyer, where a giant, serpentine demon emerges. The demon pats Glen on the head, touches his hand, and returns to the hole. Glen discovers that the demon\'s touch has placed an eye in the palm of his hand. Glen stabs out the eye, then struggles to descend the staircase, at which point the demon re-emerges. Glen uses a battery-powered launcher to fire his rocket into the demon. The demon explodes, dispelling the dark clouds above the house. Glen returns to the house. Angus emerges from the front closet, seemingly restored to life. He is followed by Terry and Al, also unhurt. The kids worry about how to explain the wreckage of the house to their parents.'] ["The film begins when an earthquake hits Mexico, resulting in the overnight birth of a new volcano. Sent to study this phenomenon are geologists Dr. Hank Scott and his partner Dr. Arturo Ramos. En route to the village of San Lorenzo, the two men happen upon a destroyed house and an equally totaled police car. Shortly afterward, they find the dead policeman nearby, as well as an abandoned infant. They take the baby to San Lorenzo and give it to some friends of its  parents, and are welcomed by the village's priest, Father Delgado. In addition to the disappearances of locals and the destruction of their homes, there have been wholesale slaughters of livestock and strange roars in the night. The villagers believe the culprit to be a demon bull, and have been pestering Delgado for divine assistance. Undaunted, Hank and Arturo begin their geological survey as members of the Mexican army, led by Major Cosio, arrive in San Lorenzo to begin disaster relief efforts. Hank meets and falls in love with local rancher Teresa Alvarez and makes friends with a young boy named Juanito. The volcano erupts again and the true culprits behind the disappearances and deaths are revealed as giant prehistoric scorpions. After attacking a trio of telephone repairmen, the scorpions turn their attention to San Lorenzo itself, with the guns of Major Cosio's troops having no effect on them. Come morning, the scorpions have returned to their underground lair , leaving the authorities to seek the help of renowned entomologist Dr. Velasco. It is up to him, Hank, and Arturo to figure out a way to either destroy the scorpions or seal off the entrance to their cavern home, before more innocent lives are lost. Despite collapsing the cave entrance, the giant scorpions make it to the surface and destroy a train, killing countless passengers before fighting amongst themselves. In the end, one scorpion, the largest of the group and presumably the alpha scorpion, kills all of the smaller ones, making it the last scorpion alive, and it heads for Mexico City. Hank and Arturo come up with a plan to lure it to a stadium where the military is waiting with tanks and helicopters. Using a truckload of meat from a butcher shop, they manage to get the scorpion into the stadium where the military's weapons are again proved useless against its armor. However, Hank manages to finish it off by using an electric cable attached to a spear ans shooting it at its throat, which is its weakness. After destroying several tanks and choppers, the scorpion is electrocuted."] ['Ash Williams  and his girlfriend Linda  take a romantic vacation in his 1973 Oldsmobile to a seemingly abandoned cabin in the woods. While in the cabin, Ash plays a tape of an archeology professor , reciting passages from the Necronomicon Ex-Mortis , which he has discovered during an archaeological dig. The recorded incantation unleashes an evil force which kills and later possesses the body of Linda. Ash is then forced to decapitate his girlfriend for his own safety. After he buries her, a spirit is seen on the hunt for Ash. Ash becomes briefly possessed by the demon, but when day breaks the spirit is gone, and Ash is back to normal. Ash finds little chance of safety, however, as the bridge leading to the cabin is destroyed. To make things worse, Ash is forced to sever his right hand, which has become possessed. While Ash is dealing with this force, the professor\'s daughter, Annie, and her research partner, Ed Getley, return from the dig with more pages of the Necronomicon in tow, only to find the destroyed bridge. They enlist the help of Jake and Bobby Joe to guide them along an alternate trail to the cabin. The four of them find an embattled Ash, who is, seemingly, slowly being driven insane due to his encounter with the demon, such as hallucinating that the room comes to life and begins laughing hysterically at him. At first, he is mistaken for a murderer by the four people because he shoots at them through the door , but they find out the truth after listening to a recording of Annie\'s father, Professor Knowby , that talked about how his wife Henrietta was possessed and buried in the cabin\'s cellar rather than dismembered. Ed is possessed and is soon killed by Ash. Bobby Joe tries to escape, but is attacked by the demon trees and dragged to her death. Annie translates two of the pages before Jake turns on them and throws the pages into cellar, holding them at gunpoint to force them to go look for Bobby Joe. Ash is possessed once again and turns on his remaining companions, incapacitating Jake. Annie retreats to the cabin and accidentally stabs Jake and drags him to the cellar door, where he is killed by Henrietta in a bloodbath. Ash tries to kill Annie, but returns to normal when he sees Linda\'s necklace, reminding him of her. Ash, with Annie\'s help, modifies the chainsaw and attaches it to where his right hand had been. Ash eventually finds the missing pages of the Necronomicon and kills Henrietta, turned into a long-necked monster. Annie chants an incantation that sends the evil force back to where it came from. The incantation opens up a whirling temporal portal which not only draws in the evil force, but nearby trees, the Oldsmobile, and Ash himself. Ash\'s possessed hand stabs Annie with the Kandarian dagger. Ash and his Oldsmobile land in what appears to be the Crusader-held Middle East in the year 1300 AD. He is then confronted by a group of knights who initially mistake him for a deadite, but they are quickly distracted when a real one actually shows up. Ash blasts the harpy-like deadite with his shotgun and is hailed as a hero who has come to save the realm, at which point he breaks down and screams "No!"'] ["During their journey to the planet an alien presence briefly assumes control of the crew's minds. They awaken safely but notice that an unexplained long period of time has passed by. Upon landing on Uranus, they find a forested land oddly like our own  This forest is surrounded by a mysterious barrier. One of the crew pushes his arm through the barrier, only to have it frozen. New features and forms begin to appear each time they are imagined by the crew. Soon, however, the crew discover that they have been the victims of mind control by a one-eyed brain living in a cave. The brain plans to possess the astronauts' bodies and have them take it back to Earth where it will implement a plan for global domination. The crew finally outwits the supposedly mind-reading creature."] ["The story, a Communist re-telling of Gulliver's Travels, is about a young boy who dreams of himself as a version of Gulliver who has landed in Lilliput suffering under capitalist inequality and exploitation."] ['The film features two anonymous Scottish-accented Shadow Puppets  who are sitting around a table with nothing to do. They explore and reject several options including watching television , listening to the radio  and playing chess . This is briefly interrupted when the doorbell rings and one character answers it to find a pesky dog  before the other persuades him to enter into a game of shadow puppets. The first character is frustrated by his acquaintance\'s appalling representation of a cow and later his failure to recognise a rather fantastic rabbit . After an amusing outburst from the poor fellow, his annoying partner accuses him of being \'shirty\'. This leads him to explode, furiously crying "I\'m stuck indoors playing \'Guess the misshapen beast\' with someone who clearly wouldn\'t recognise a rabbit if it came to his house for tea, said \'What\'s up Doc?\' and started burrowing into his head! There are blind people with no fingers who are better at shadow puppets than you! No wonder I\'m a tad miffed!" An awkward silence follows this, until the doorbell rings and the first character goes to answer it, and finds the second character\'s \'cow\' shadow puppet, which moos. Despite being disappointed with being wrong about a cow\'s appearance, he simply responds to this with a cheery "Not today, thank you." and closes the door in front of the camera, thus ending the animation.'] ['The first scene sets up the danger of the "Sumatran Rat-Monkey", a hybrid creature that, "according to legend", resulted from the rape of tree monkeys on Skull Island by plague rats: Stewart, an explorer returning from the depths of the island with his guide and team, is carrying a rat-monkey in a cage and is stopped by fierce warrior natives that demand the return of the monkey. Stewart escapes with the cage to the rest of his team and a waiting Jeep, leaving his guide behind and the natives in hot pursuit. As the jeep takes off, Stewart\'s guide catches up and jumps on board. In the ensuing melee, Stewart gets bitten by the Rat-Monkey. Seeing the mark of the monkey\'s bite on his right hand, Stewart\'s men immediately hold down the infected explorer and amputate the appendage. A bite mark is then seen on his left arm, which swiftly results in the removal of that limb. Finally, they see a set of bloody scratches on Stewart\'s forehead and kill him. The title screen follows the man\'s dying scream, and as the opening credits roll the captured rat-monkey is shipped to Wellington Zoo in New Zealand. Wellington, 1957, Lionel Cosgrove lives with his domineering mother, Vera. To his mother\'s dismay, Lionel falls in love with a local shopkeeper\'s daughter, Paquita, and while snooping on the two during a visit to the zoo, Vera is bitten by the Sumatran Rat-Monkey; she subsequently crushes its head. The animal\'s bite slowly turns her into a ravenous zombie. Lionel is horrified, but, ever the dedicated son, is determined to care for her. Despite his efforts to keep her placated with periodic doses of veterinary anesthetic, Vera starts murdering other townspeople, turning them into zombies. He tries to keep them locked away in the basement, while simultaneously trying to maintain his relationship with the completely oblivious Paquita. Vera escapes, however, and is hit by a tram. As the townspeople assume she is dead, Lionel tranquilizes the still-kicking zombie for her funeral. After she is buried, he returns to the graveyard to administer more anesthetic, but is accosted by a gang of hoodlums. Vera bursts from her grave, resulting in more deaths and zombies. As their numbers grow, Lionel manages to keep the zombies under relative control with repeated injections, and tries to keep them concealed in his home. However, Lionel\'s uncle Les, arrives to try to wrangle with Lionel over his mother\'s estate. Uncle Les discovers the "corpses" and blackmails his nephew into giving up his inheritance in return for his silence. Lionel reluctantly administers poison to the zombies  and buries them, just as Uncle Les and a crowd of his friends arrive for a housewarming party. However, the "poison" turns out to be an animal stimulant, and since the zombies come from the bite of the animal , it only gives them even more energy. The zombies burst from the ground to attack and infect the party guests in a gory finale. Lionel, Paquita, Rita, and Les are now fighting hundreds of zombies, animated intestines and spinal cords, severed heads, and disembodied legs. Despite Rita and Les being killed in the process they successfully destroy all the zombies until Lionel\'s mother, who  has become a gargantuan monster, pursues Lionel and Paquita to the rooftop, where Lionel finally confronts his mother about the truth regarding his father\'s demise. She picks him up and stuffs him back into her womb, and in an over-the-top Freudian "rebirth", he cuts his way out of her grotesquely changed body and she falls into the fiery house below. Lionel and Paquita escape the burning building, and walk away arm-in-arm covered in gore, as the local fire department arrives on the scene to put out the flames.'] ['The evil wizard king Winterbolt has caused havoc upon the people who have entered his domain. He is then punished by Lady Boreal when she places a spell on him that puts him in a deep sleep. Years later, Winterbolt awakens. In her final act of magic, Boreal transfers the last of her power into Rudolph\'s red nose, which will stop glowing if it is ever used for evil. Winterbolt learns of this through his "genie of the ice scepter" and plans not only to dispose of Rudolph, the only power capable of stopping him, but also to reclaim his territory from Santa Claus. To achieve this, Winterbolt plans to take advantage of Frosty and his family. At the same time, Rudolph\'s ice cream man friend Milton arrives and tells Rudolph and Frosty that he plans to attract the heart of his girlfriend, the high-wire act Laine Loraine. Winterbolt offers Frosty magic amulets that will keep his family from melting and enable them to attend a Fourth of July Circus in which Rudolph is to star, but they will only be protected until the end of the event. Santa agrees to pick up Frosty and his wife Crystal before the magic wears off, but Winterbolt has his ice dragons create a blizzard to prevent Santa from arriving on time. Winterbolt also gets some "reinsnakes" and goes to the Cave of Lost Rejections and recruits an unintelligent reindeer named Scratcher  to try to get Rudolph to turn, or at least appear, evil in the eyes of his friends. With the blizzard keeping Santa from getting to them, time was not on the side of Frosty and family. When Scratcher arrives, he forms an alliance with Sam Spangles during the parade. Scratcher, taking advantage of Rudolph\'s kindness, steals money from the circus and sets up Rudolph to take the blame. Rudolph agrees to appear guilty after making a deal with Winterbolt, to extend the powers of the amulets Frosty\'s family wears for an infinite time in exchange. Frosty\'s family, friends, and the circus\' owner , Lilly Loraine, are upset when Rudolph lies to them about how he stole the money and his nose stops glowing. Only Frosty knows the truth and wants to restore Rudolph\'s glowing nose. Winterbolt takes advantage of Frosty as well by lying and agreeing to do it in exchange for Frosty\'s hat, with the intention of using the magic powers of Frosty\'s hat to create an army of evil snowmen. Rudolph manages to steal back the hat, and his nose regains its glow. After Rudolph returns to the circus with Frosty\'s hat, Winterbolt attacks, which ends with him turning into a tree when Lilly throws her guns at his scepter destroying it. Once Winterbolt is vanquished, Scratcher disappears, Sam is arrested, and all the spells he cast are negated and Frosty and his family are in danger of melting once again. However, Jack Frost, the villain from the previous Frosty\'s Winter Wonderland, arrives on Big Ben, who\'s Rudolph\'s whale friend from the previous Rudolph\'s Shiny New Year, to rescue his former enemy and family as they are whisked back to the North Pole by Santa, but Rudolph stays behind to help the circus out of debt. The special ends with a rendition of "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer", sung by Ethel Merman.'] ["While raiding a squab farm, Mr. Fox  and his wife Felicity  trigger a fox trap and become caged. Felicity reveals to Fox that she is pregnant and pleads with him to find a safer job when they escape. Two years later , the Foxes and their sullen son Ash , are living in a hole. Fox, now a newspaper columnist, moves the family into a better home in the base of a tree, ignoring the warnings of his lawyer Badger  about how dangerous the area is for foxes. The tree is located very close to facilities run by three mean farmers- Walter Boggis , Nathan Bunce , and Franklin Bean . Soon after the Foxes move in, Fox's nephew Kristofferson  comes to live with them, as his father has become very ill with double pneumonia. Ash finds this situation intolerable; his soft-spoken cousin is apparently superior to him at sports, and everyone, including his father, Mr Fox, is charmed by Kristofferson at Ash's expense. Fox and the opossum who works as a building superintendent, Kylie Sven Opposum , steal produce and poultry from the three farms. The farmers decide to kill Fox and camp out near the family's tree. When he emerges the farmers open fire, but only manage to shoot off his tail. They then attempt to dig Fox out. After demolishing the site of the tree, the farmers discover the Foxes have dug an escape tunnel. Reasoning that the Foxes will have to surface for food and water, the farmers lie in wait at the tunnel mouth. Underground, Fox encounters Badger and many other local animal residents whose homes have also been destroyed. As the animals begin fearing starvation, Fox leads a digging expedition to tunnel to the three farms, robbing them clean. While the other animals feast, Ash and Kristofferson, beginning to reconcile after Kristofferson defended Ash from a bully, return to Bean's farm, intending to reclaim Mr Fox's tail. When they are interrupted by the arrival of Bean's wife, Ash escapes but Kristofferson is captured. Discovering that Fox has stolen their produce, the farmers flood the animals' tunnel network with cider. The animals are forced into the sewers, and Fox learns that the farmers plan to use Kristofferson to lure him into an ambush. The animals are confronted by Rat , Bean's security guard. After a struggle with Fox leaves him mortally wounded, Rat divulges Kristofferson's location before he dies. Fox asks the farmers for a meeting in town near the sewer hub; he will surrender in exchange for Kristofferson's freedom. The farmers set up an ambush, but Fox and the others anticipate it and launch a counterattack. Fox, Ash and Kylie slip into Bean’s farm. A much-matured Ash frees Kristofferson and braves enemy fire to release a rabid beagle to keep the farmers at bay. The animals become accustomed to living in the sewers with others considering moving in. Ash and Kristofferson settle their differences and become good friends. Fox leads his family to a drain opening built into the floor of a supermarket owned by the three farmers. Celebrating their new food source and the news that Felicity is pregnant again, the animals dance in the aisles."] ['In the kingdom of animals, the fox Renard is used to tricking and fooling everyone. Consequently, the King , receives more and more complaints. Finally, he orders Renard to be arrested and brought before the throne.'] ['The government of the United States, along with The Pentagon, organizes the first interplanetary expedition to the planet Venus. The spacecraft XY-21 with a crew of seventeen successfully reaches the planet 20 million miles away and vast mineral resources and precious raw materials are discovered on the planet, but atmospheric conditions are extremely harsh and cannot support life from Earth, and several members of the expedition die because of the conditions. None of this is actually seen, but is all explained in dialogue later on in the film. On the return journey, thirteen months after leaving, the rocket is crippled by a meteor and crashes into the Mediterranean Sea off the southern coast of Sicily. The film begins as the two surviving crewmen are rescued by local fishermen before the vessel sinks beneath the waves and are taken to the local hotel. Camped nearby are an Italian zoologist, Dr. Leonardo, and his American granddaughter Marisa, who is, fortunately, a medical student. Marisa tends to the crew herself, with mixed results: horribly burnt chief scientist of the expedition Dr. Sharman dies, whilst Col. Robert Calder survives. Calder determines to locate a specimen they brought with them to study how the creature survives and therefore prepare another expedition to tap into the planet\'s resources. In his dying breaths, Dr. Sharman had different thoughts: he considered the creature a dangerous threat and beseeched Calder to find it and destroy it to prevent the creature causing destruction and carnage on Earth. Meanwhile, the specimen, an egg shrouded in jelly within a metal cylinder, washes ashore and is found by a local boy, who then sells it to Dr. Leonardo. Overnight the egg hatches a Venusian reptilian creature, referred to  as the Ymir. The Ymir begins to grow at a prodigious rate due to the abundance of oxygen in Earth\'s atmosphere. Dr. Leonardo prudently places the Ymir in a cage. Soon, however, the Ymir becomes large and strong enough to free itself. Apparently, the Ymir eats sulfur and passes by horses, poultry and sheep before finding some bags of agricultural chemicals in a barn, one of which is sulfur, and begins to eat. The Ymir only attacks when provoked and after being attacked by a dog and a farmer, it escapes the barn. This time the Ymir runs to the erupting volcanic crater at Mount Etna. It is found by the Italian army and American army only to be chased into a trap. However, by this point, the Ymir has grown to approximately 10 ft high. The army ensnare the Ymir in an electric net and it is and transported to a zoo in Rome. Believing the situation is over, and themselves safe at last, Calder and Marisa begin to develop a romantic relationship. After studying the Ymir for some time, something goes wrong in the zoo\'s laboratory when an accident disrupts the flow of electricity. The Ymir escapes and is attacked by an elephant. Victorious after the battle, the Ymir then goes on a rampage, smashing through buildings. Calder chases the Ymir into the Tiber River in Rome. Promptly resurfacing, the Ymir attacks the human threat and smashes through the bridge. Firearms are little use against the Ymir. The Ymir, after being shot at by an armored flamethrower, ends up on top of the Colosseum. After tearing into the brickwork and throwing pieces down at people and soldiers, it is eventually shot down by an intense barrage of rockets and falls some fifty meters, whereby it is crushed by falling masonry. The film ends with scientist Dr. Judson Uhl, played by John Zaremba, looking over the dead body of the Ymir and saying "Why is it always, always so costly for man to move from the present to the future?"'] ['In an unnamed Victorian Era European village, Victor Van Dort , the son of nouveau riche fish merchants, and Victoria Everglot , the neglected daughter of hateful aristocrats, are getting prepared for their arranged marriage, which will raise the social class of Victor\'s parents and restore the wealth of Victoria\'s penniless family. Both have concerns about marrying someone they do not know, but they fall instantly in love when they first meet. After the shy, clumsy Victor ruins the wedding rehearsal and is scolded by Pastor Galswells , he flees and practices his wedding vows in the nearby forest, placing the wedding ring on a nearby upturned tree root. The root turns out to be the finger of a dead girl clad in a tattered bridal gown, who rises from the grave claiming that she is now Victor\'s wife. Spirited away to the surprisingly festive Land of the Dead, the bewildered Victor learns the story of Emily , his new "bride," murdered years ago on the night of her secret elopement. Emily, as a wedding gift, reunites Victor with his long-dead dog, Scraps. Meanwhile, Victoria\'s parents hear that Victor has been seen in another woman\'s arms, and become suspicious. Wanting to reunite with Victoria, Victor tricks Emily into taking him back to the Land of the Living by pretending he wants her to meet his parents. She agrees to this and takes him to see Elder Gutknecht , the kindly ruler of the underworld, to send him and Emily temporarily to the Land of the Living. Once back home, Victor asks Emily to wait in the forest while he rushes off to see Victoria and confess his wish to marry her as soon as possible, to which she gladly returns his feelings. Emily soon arrives and sees the two of them together and, feeling betrayed and hurt, drags Victor back to the Land of the Dead. Victoria tells her parents that Victor has been forcibly wed to a dead woman, but they believe she has lost her mind and lock her up in her bedroom. She escapes her room by window and rushes to Galswells to find a way helping Victor, but fails. With Victor gone, Victoria\'s parents decide to marry her off to a presumably wealthy newcomer in town named Lord Barkis Bittern , who appeared at the wedding rehearsal, against her will. Emily is heartbroken by Victor\'s deception. Victor, however, apologizes for lying to her, and the two reconcile while playing the piano together. Shortly after, Victor\'s family coachman appears in the afterlife  and informs Victor of Victoria\'s impending marriage to Lord Barkis. At the same time, Emily learns from Elder Gutknecht that because marriage vows are only binding until "death do you part" and death already parts them, her supposed marriage to Victor was never valid. In order for their marriage to become valid, Victor must repeat his vows in the Land of the Living and willingly drink poison - thus joining her in death. Overhearing this, and fretting about having lost his chance with Victoria, Victor agrees to die for Emily. All of the dead go "upstairs" to the Land of the Living to perform the wedding ceremony for Victor and Emily. Upon their arrival, the town erupts into a temporary panic until every living person recognizes each other\'s loved ones from the dead and they have a joyous reunion under the bizarre circumstances. After a quarrel with Lord Barkis - and realizing he was only after her supposed money - Victoria follows the procession of dead to the church. As Victor prepares to drink the cup of poison to kill himself, Emily notices Victoria and has second thoughts, realizing that she is denying Victoria her chance at happiness the same way it was stolen from her. Lord Barkis interrupts them, and Emily recognizes him as her former fiance - who is revealed to be the one who murdered her for her dowry. Lord Barkis tries to kidnap Victoria at sword point, but Victor stops him and the two men duel. Emily intercedes to save Victor, and Lord Barkis mockingly proposes a toast to Emily claiming she\'s "always the bridesmaid, never the bride!", accidentally drinking the cup of poison. The dead  drag the "new arrival" away for punishment. Emily sets Victor free of his vow to marry her, giving the wedding ring back to Victor and her wedding bouquet to Victoria before exiting the church. As she steps into the moonlight, she transforms into hundreds of butterflies, presumably finding her eternal rest in Heaven, as Victor and Victoria look on.'] ['Tale of Tales, like Tarkovsky\'s Mirror, attempts to structure itself like a human memory. Memories are not recalled in neat chronological order; instead, they are recalled by the association of one thing with another, which means that any attempt to put memory on film cannot be told like a conventional narrative. The film is thus made up of a series of related sequences whose scenes are interspersed between each other. One of the primary themes involves war, with particular emphasis on the enormous losses the Soviet Union suffered on the Eastern Front during World War II. Several recurring characters and their interactions make up a large part of the film, such as the poet, the little girl and the bull, the little boy and the crows, the dancers and the soldiers, and especially the little grey wolf . Another symbol connecting nearly all of these different themes are green apples . Yuriy Norshteyn wrote in Iskusstvo Kino magazine that the film is "about simple concepts that give you the strength to live."CONTEXT - This Week in Arts and Ideas from The Moscow Times'] [' Although the 1934 film makes use of many of the characters in the original play, as well as several of the songs, the plot is almost completely unlike that of the original stage production. In contrast to the stage version, the film\'s story takes place entirely in Toyland, which is inhabited by Mother Goose  and other well known fairy tale characters. Stannie Dum  and Ollie Dee , live in a shoe , along with Mother Peep , Bo Peep , a mouse resembling Mickey Mouse , and many other children. The mortgage on the shoe is owned by the villainous Silas Barnaby ([[Henry Brandon , who is looking to marry Bo Peep. Stannie and Ollie set out to get the money for the mortgage from their boss, The Toymaker . But after the Toymaker finds that Stannie has mixed up an order from Santa Claus  and one of the soldiers wrecks the toy shop, Stannie and Ollie are fired without getting the money. The two then hatch a plan to sneak into Barnaby\'s house and steal the mortgage, but are again foiled by their incompetence. Barnaby has them arrested on a burglary charge, and the two are sentenced to be dunked in the ducking stool and then banished to Bogeyland. But Barnaby agrees to drop the charges if Bo Peep will marry him. She reluctantly agrees, but not before Ollie suffers the dunking. Stannie and Ollie come up with a new scheme. At the wedding, Ollie is present to give the bride away. After the nuptials, but before the ceremonial kiss, Ollie asks for the "wedding present"  from Barnaby. After inspecting it, Ollie tears it up, and then lifts the bride\'s veil — to reveal Stannie, who had worn Bo Peep\'s wedding dress to the ceremony. Bo Peep is still free, and the mortgage is gone. Ollie teases Stan about having to live with Barnaby as Stan cries saying "I don\'t LOVE him". Enraged, Barnaby plots his revenge, eventually hitting on the idea of framing Bo Peep\'s true love, Tom, Tom, the Piper\'s Son , on a trumped-up charge of "pignapping", and getting him banished to Bogeyland. Barnaby proceeds to abduct Little Elmer , one of the Three Little Pigs, and then has a henchman plant false evidence  in Tom-Tom\'s house. Tom-Tom is put on trial, convicted, and banished to Bogeyland, which he is taken to on a raft by two hooded executioners across an alligator infested river. A distraught Bo Peep follows him.  Meanwhile, Ollie and Stannie find evidence implicating Barnaby in the pignaping, including the fact that the alleged sausage links presented as evidence at Tom-Tom\'s trial are made of beef. They later find the kidnapped pig alive in Barnaby\'s cellar. A manhunt commences for Barnaby, who flees to Bogeyland through a secret passageway at the bottom of an empty well. Stannie and Ollie eventually follow Barnaby down the well. Meanwhile, Bo Peep crosses the river to Bogeyland, finds Tom-Tom and explains Barnaby\'s trickery to him. In a sequence cut from most of the television prints , Tom-Tom sings a lullaby  to Bo-Peep in an enormous cave set with giant spider webs. Barnaby catches up to Tom-Tom and Bo Peep, and attempts to abduct Bo Peep but gets into a fight with Tom-Tom, who gives Barnaby a well-deserved thrashing. Pursued by Barnaby, Bo Peep and Tom-Tom escape into the caverns of Bogeyland and run into Stannie and Ollie. The foursome escape back through the well and are welcomed by the town, who now realize Barnaby\'s treachery. An enraged Barnaby grabs a large stick and beats a stalactite to summon an army of Bogeymen. He leads an invasion of Toyland on a fleet of rafts in a scene reminiscent of the painting of Washington Crossing the Delaware. Ollie and Stan tell their story to Old King Cole   and the townspeople as two Bogeymen scale the wall and open the gate. The crowd flees in panic as the army of torch-wielding Bogeymen attacks Toyland. Ollie and Stannie run and hide in the toy shop. There they discover boxes of darts and use them to fight off the Bogeymen. Stan and Ollie then empty an entire box of darts into a cannon, but as the two search for the last remaining darts, they realize instead that they should activate the wooden soldiers. The "march" alluded to in the film\'s title begins as the soldiers march out of the toy shop . The scene changes to live action as the soldiers attack the Bogeymen with the bayonets of their rifles. Barnaby is defeated and trapped and covered by blocks that spelled "rat" and the Bogeymen are routed and driven back into Bogeyland, where alligators appear to feast on them, although this is never made clear. The kingdom of Toyland is saved. Stan and Ollie decide to give the Bogeymen a parting shot with the dart-filled cannon. As Stan aims the cannon and lights the fuse, and Ollie turns away to avoid the loud blast, the barrel of the cannon flips backwards and unleashes the barrage of darts on Ollie, covering his back with darts. The film ends with Stan pulling them out one by one as Ollie winces.'] ["A 19th-century opera singer is murdered on-stage shortly before her forthcoming wedding. Soon after being slain by the nefarious Dr. Emmanuel Droz during a live performance, Malvina van Stille is spirited away to the inventor's remote villa to be reanimated and forced to play the lead in a grim production staged to recreate her abduction. As the time for the performance draws near, piano tuner of earthquakes Felisberto sets out to activate the seven essential automata who dot the dreaded doctor's landscape and make sure all the essential elements are in place. Once again instilled with life after her brief stay in the afterworld, amnesiac Malvina is soon drawn to the mysterious Felisberto as a result of his uncanny resemblance to her one-time fiancé Adolfo."] ['In the town of Derry, Maine, six-year old Georgie Denbrough is lured to a storm drain when his paper boat drops down into it. He encounters a seemingly friendly clown who calls himself "Pennywise the Dancing Clown." Pennywise tempts Georgie closer with promises of candy and balloons, exclaiming that they all float down into the sewer. He says that Georgie can float too  before revealing his true nature, grabbing him and viciously tearing his right arm off. His older brother Bill is overwhelmed with guilt for inadvertently sending Georgie to his death and is terrorized when his picture comes to life, giving him a stutter from the trauma. He befriends several similar "misfits." One is Ben Hanscom, a loyal, determined, overweight and ingenious builder from a home broken after the death of his military father. He is terrorized by visions of his father trying to goad him into the sewer plant. Another is Eddie Kaspbrack, a hypochondriac, asthmatic boy who is frail and shy. Kaspbrack is taunted and harassed by Pennywise , while attempting to shower at school. The group later includes Beverly Marsh, a tomboy with an abusive father and a dead eye with a slingshot. She believes Bill\'s stories when her bathroom is destroyed by a geyser of blood that he helps clean up before her father gets home. Richie Toizer is a comedic red head who isn\'t afraid to stand up to the school bully, Henry Bowers, and his friends. He is a movie buff, which prompts Pennywise to attack him as the Wolfman. Mike Hanlon, an African American student facing a difficult time in the newly integrated school, often finds himself in the crosshairs of the racist Henry Bowers as well. A photography book comes to life showing him and the others Pennywise\'s history as he threatens the group. There is also Stan Uris, a Jewish boy scout and bird watcher, who is the last to see It that summer when he is trapped by a mummy in an abandoned house. As each of them face their greatest fears , they vow to avenge the deaths of Georgie and every other child killed by "It." They travel into the sewers followed by Henry, who is intent on murdering them for humiliating him. But instead, he witnesses the death of his best friend Belch in a manner that turns his hair completely white. Pennywise attempts to attack the children by separating them, but Eddie manages to wound him and Beverly drives him back by striking him with a silver slug made from one of Ben\'s silver dollars. Their job done, the seven vow to return some day if ever It returns. Meanwhile, Henry is arrested and sentenced to life in an asylum for confessing to the counts of murder of all the children.  Mike had become the only member of the Losers Club to remain in Derry after the events of the 1960s. His memory of the events are still completely intact, and when he hears of the mysterious, unexplained death of a little girl , he begins to suspect It has returned. He calls up each of his friends, who have all become successful in their own right. Bill has become a horror novel writer married to a beautiful actress named Audra; Ben has become a famous architect as he\'d always wanted; Beverly has become a fashion designer; and Richie has become a late night TV comedian. Eddie owns a successful limousine service and Stan has become a real estate broker. Having moved on into comfortable lives and having barely a glimmer of the memories of that summer, they are all traumatized by the memories awakened by Mike\'s phone calls. While they agreed to return as promised, Stan is unable to cope with the fear and kills himself. Upon the return to Derry, their reunion is lighthearted until terrifying events unfold that test their resolve. Beverly encounters a kindly old woman in her old home who tells her that her father is gone, but the woman is more than she appears. Ben sees the skeleton of his father, which is still trying to get him to return to the sewers; later, the group\'s reunion dinner comes to life and tries to attack them. Pennywise, unable to kill them because his influence over them as adults is limited, sends Henry to do the job. Bowers manages to attack Mike and wound him, which forces Bill and others to consider another direct confrontation with the clown. Meanwhile, Audra follows Bill to Derry but falls under the influence of It\'s "Dead Lights" and is made catatonic by him. As the five remaining "Losers" find their way to It\'s cave they are confronted by his true form; a massive, hideous spider-like creature that mortally wounds Eddie when he steps forward to save Ben and Bill\'s lives. Once again, Beverly is able to use her slingshot on the creature; this time the strike rings true and mortally wounds It. In their rage, Ben, Bill and Beverly slaughter and dismember it; they return to Eddie, who dies in their arms. They are able to leave, taking Eddie\'s body and the catatonic Audra with them. In the aftermath, Mike marks his own fading memories of the past as a sign that It was truly destroyed that time, and the adult Losers Club can return to their lives as the memory of the traumatic events fades entirely. Beverly and Ben solidify their childhood crushes and get together, while Audra, still catatonic from her encounter, is coaxed back to life aboard Bill\'s old bicycle "Silver" when he takes her to outrun It\'s fading influence. All as it was, they realize that they can now move on with their lives and leave Derry behind.'] ['The story involves four teenage comrades who take a rowboat along a "river of time" that flows into a mysterious cave and emerges on the other side onto a strange, primeval landscape. The boy actors were Josef Lukáš , Petr Herrmann , Zdeněk Husták , and Vladimír Bejval . As they make their way upstream, they realise that they are travelling progressively farther back in time, and facing various perils as they do so . The animals depicted in Cesta do Pravěku were never shown interacting with animals of other periods and it is assumed that different parts of the river represented distinct time periods. The plot is somewhat similar to that of the novel Plutonia  by the Russian palaeontologist Vladimir Obruchev, in which a team of Russian explorers enter the Earth\'s crust via an Arctic portal , and follow a river that leads them through a sequence of past geological eras and associated animal life. Some scenes in Cesta do Pravěku recall Arthur Conan Doyle\'s 1912 novel The Lost World, with four male protagonists exploring a prehistoric world where they find evidence of native human habitation, are attacked by a group of enraged pterodactyls, witness a twilight fight between a carnivorous dinosaur and a herbivorous one, encounter a Stegosaurus up-close, and see one of their members  pursued by a Phorusrhacos.'] ['The film opens with Rob’s mistaken arrest for bank robbery. He explains to Marius that he was wearing the balaclava because he was cold, and that carrying a gun is standard practice in Johannesburg. In fact, he was at the bank to see Christine. She is the artist responsible for the "Remembrance Wall," a memorial to the victims of violent crime in the city. After meeting at the wall, Christine agrees to go on a date with Rob. After winning a fortune on a scratch card, Rob finds his life under threat and believes that the Lottery Service is trying to murder him to prevent him from claiming his prize. He is forced to hide amongst the city’s underclass. The film ends with a western style shoot out during which the killer is revealed to be Marius and Christine is killed. Rob reflects on the harsh realities of life in modern South Africa.'] ['The film will be based around three of Hoffmann\'s tales (Klein Zaches, The Golden Pot and [[The Sandman ,<ref namehttp://www.nevskoevremya.spb.ru/cgi-bin/pl/nv.pl?artАлина |lastШЕМЯКИН "ЗАБОЛЕЛ" АНИМАЦИЕЙ |dateDecember 17, 2006 |publisherRussian}} {{Dead link}}'] ['While sailing, Sinbad comes across a golden tablet dropped by a mysterious flying creature. He wears the tablet as an amulet around his neck. That night, Sinbad has a strange dream in which he sees a man dressed in black, repeatedly calling Sinbad\'s name, and also about a mysterious girl with an eye tattooed on her right palm. During his sleep, a mysterious storm throws his ship off course, and the next day Sinbad and his men find themselves near a coastal town in the country of Marabia. Swimming to the beach, Sinbad is met by a dark-cloaked man, who demands his amulet. Sinbad narrowly escapes into the city, where the city guard forces the hostile stranger to flee. Soon, Sinbad encounters the Grand Vizier of Marabia . The Vizier, who wears a golden mask to hide his disfigured face, says that Sinbad\'s amulet is actually one piece of a puzzle; the Vizier has another. The Vizier relates to Sinbad a legend that the three pieces, when joined together, will reveal a map showing the way to the Fountain of Destiny, hidden somewhere on the lost continent of Lemuria. The legend tells that he who bears the three pieces of the puzzle to the fountain will receive "youth, a shield of darkness, and a crown of untold riches." Sinbad agrees to help the Vizier find the fountain. They join forces against Koura , the black-cloaked man who is an evil magician bent on conquering Marabia. Koura had locked the Vizier in a room and set it on fire, horribly burning his face. The creature that dropped the gold tablet was one of Koura\'s minions, a homunculus created by his black magic. Using this creature he hears the conversation, and it turns to ash when it is found. Shortly afterward, Sinbad meets the girl he saw in his dream, Margiana , a slave-girl. Her master hires Sinbad to make a man of his lazy, no-good son Haroun , and Sinbad agrees on the condition that Margiana goes with him; so the two new passengers and the Vizier board Sinbad\'s ship. Koura hires a ship and crew of his own and follows Sinbad, using his magic several times to try to stop Sinbad. However, each attempt drains away part of his life force and he ages noticeably each time. Along his journey, Sinbad fights the wooden siren figurehead from his own ship which Koura has animated, which steals the map, enabling Koura to find the Island. Koura gets to the Island and uses another homunculus to hear the Oracle of All Knowledge {an uncredited [[Robert Shaw  as it describes to Sinbad what he will face. Koura animates a six-armed Kali idol, and Sinbad and his crew also have to contend with a one-eyed centaur, the fountain\'s guardian of evil who fights  the guardian of good, a griffin, with Koura\'s help. Once they reach the fountain, Koura obtains all the pieces, assembles the puzzle, and drops it in the fountain. His health is restored and he becomes invisible . However, he is slain in a sword duel by Sinbad, who then takes the "crown of untold riches" that rises out of the fountain and gives it to the Grand Vizier. Sinbad explains to Margiana that he values freedom more, and a king is never really free. The crown\'s magic powers causes the Vizer\'s mask to dissolve to reveal his healed face, and Sinbad journeys back to Marabia with Haroun, who has proven himself during the adventure, as a new crew member and Margiana by his side.'] ['The Tweedys are a middle-aged couple who run their chicken farm somewhere in Yorkshire, England. Mrs. Tweedy serves as the genius but high-tempered wife of Mr. Tweedy, who is rather slow and timid, but handles his manual work industriously. The coop is run in the style of a World War II POW camp, with the chickens accountable for the number of eggs they lay daily. One chicken, Ginger, who is often treated as the chickens\' leader, has attempted numerous plans to flee the coop, aided by contraband smuggled in by two rats, Nick and Fetcher. However, Ginger is routinely captured by Mr. Tweedy and his dogs, and is thrown into a coal bin for solitary confinement numerous times. Ginger is finally released from the coal bin just in time for roll call the next day. Mrs. Tweedy finds on her clipboard that a chicken named Edwina had not laid any eggs. With that, Mrs. Tweedy grabs Edwina and takes her to "the chop". Mrs. Tweedy beheads Edwina with a hatchet and cooks her for dinner. Ginger becomes increasingly desperate to find a plan of escape which will work, faces problems with Nick and Fetcher, who are tired of being paid with chicken feed and want eggs instead. Meanwhile, Mrs. Tweedy realizes that the couple\'s farm is failing, and reads a catalogue on an ambiguous method of increasing profits at the couple\'s farm. Ginger, realizing something is wrong, attempts to convince herself and the other chickens to speed up their efforts to escape. However, Ginger soon comes to the conclusion that the only escape route is to go over the fence, something Ginger and the other chickens cannot do. Later that same night, as Ginger sits outside, she sees a Rhode Island Red cockerel that seemingly flies over the fence and accidentally crashes into the coop. The other chicken fawn over the new arrival, who introduces himself as Rocky, while Ginger finds the first half of a poster with a picture of Rocky on it; showing it to the other chickens and explaining how Rocky came in, Ginger claims that Rocky can fly. Upon discovering that Rocky is from a circus, Ginger agrees to hide Rocky from his owners if he teaches them how to fly. Rocky reluctantly agrees, but due to injuring his wing as a result of his landing, he cannot show them immediately. Instead, Rocky puts Ginger and the other chickens through a set of exercises that seem to have no purpose while assuring them that all the chickens are making progress. Meanwhile, a large pie-making machine arrives, which Mr. Tweedy begins assembling. At the same time, Mrs. Tweedy orders food rations doubled. Ginger proclaims that their intent is to fatten them up, and then kill them, only for Rocky to drag her off. The two of them argue, Rocky claiming that Ginger\'s honesty will demoralize the chickens, and Ginger refusing to lie to the other hens. Discovering that the chickens have gone into depression following Ginger\'s announcement, Rocky organizes a party using a radio obtained by Nick and Fetcher, and he and Ginger grow closer whilst dancing. During the party, Rocky\'s arm is shown to have healed. Once the pie machine is complete, the Tweedys kidnap Ginger for its first test. Rocky follows Ginger into the machine and eventually rescues her, damaging the machine and giving Rocky and Ginger more time to work on their escape. Fowler, an older cockerel who has been doubting of Rocky\'s acts, gives him his respect for rescuing Ginger and his old Royal Air Force  badge in tribute. Rocky decides to flee the farm the next day, leaving behind Fowler\'s medal and the second half of his poster, showing that he was actually a stunt cockerel, only "flying" by being shot out of a cannon. This revelation outrages the other chickens, and a fight soon breaks out as morale falls. When Fowler arrives to try and restore order, he begins talking of his days in the RAF, leading Ginger to realize that she and the other chickens can build a plane made from Fowler\'s pictures and personal recollections. Supplied by Nick and Fetcher, the chickens race against time to assemble their plane as the Tweedys work to repair the pie machine. The chickens finally finish their plane just as Mr. Tweedy unexpectedly completes all the repairs of the pie machine and enters the coop to grab all the chickens. However, the chickens launch an open revolt, tying up and gagging Mr. Tweedy and readying the plane. As the chickens prepare for take-off, Mr. Tweedy ends up freeing himself and knocks down the ramp used to get the plane airborne. Ginger jumps down while Fowler turns the plane around, which knocks Mr. Tweedy unconscious. As Ginger struggles to lift the ramp, Mrs. Tweedy arrives and attempts to kill Ginger with her used hatchet. However, Rocky, having had a change of heart, jumps over the fence aboard his tricycle and hits Mrs. Tweedy in her face, briefly knocking her senseless. Rocky and Ginger grab onto the string of lights caught on the plane\'s landing gear as the plane takes off, but Mrs. Tweedy soon awakens and also grabs the lights, weighing down the plane. Ginger heads down the string to cut it, but accidentally loses her scissors. Realizing what is the only way left to cut the lights, Ginger manages to trick Mrs. Tweedy into using the hatchet to sever the string, which causes Mrs. Tweedy to fall, crash into the pie machine, and plugging her into the safety valve. This causes the pie machine to build-up pressure and explode in a mushroom cloud of gravy, destroying the barn and covering the entire farm with gravy, leaving only just the barn door standing. The chickens continue to fly to freedom as Mr. Tweedy reminds Mrs. Tweedy: "I told you they was organized". Mr. Tweedy later drops the door on top of Mrs. Tweedy before she can lash out on him. In the epilogue, the chickens find their idyllic setting in a bird sanctuary, where they can live in comfort and raise their new chicks. Rocky and Ginger, having fallen in love with each other, become a couple. Meanwhile, Nick and Fetcher discuss their plans of starting their own chicken farm, so they can have all the eggs they could eat. However, Nick and Fetcher ends up arguing with each other over whether the chicken or the egg came first. Their argument ultimately continues during the closing credits and even involves Rocky breaking it up in a post-credits scene.'] ["The film is largely based on the short story, but goes off on many digressions. Two parents put their child in his crib for the night and leave the room. The child starts crying, and the Cat comes into the room to keep him company. The child grabs her tail, and the Cat angrily reminds him that they agreed a thousand years ago that he would not do that. Upon seeing that the child doesn't remember, the Cat sighs and decides to tell him the story from the beginning. The story starts when the planet was young and life on Earth is starting with dinosaurs."] ['{{Expand section}} Alice appears to be in her bedroom, when a taxidermically stuffed rabbit comes to life and breaks out of its glass case. Alice follows the rabbit through the drawer of a desk into a cavern. She subsequently falls through a bucket and seemingly down an elevator shaft. Wonderland itself is a mix of drab household-like areas with incongruous relationships of space and size. The Queen\'s execution sentences are carried out by the White Rabbit with a pair of scissors. At the film\'s end, Alice wakes in her room, discovers that the rabbit is still missing from his glass case, and finds a secret compartment where he keeps scissors. She ponders whether or not she will cut his head off. The film is ambiguous about whether this room is Alice\'s real world or "Wonderland".'] ["Four young adults–Dave, Susan, Jim and Jim's girlfriend–head into the woods to look for a lost scientist, Dr. Arthur Watermann. The friends have a picnic and glimpse a mysterious castle in the woods. They find that Dr. Watermann's cabin seems to have been destroyed. A forest ranger, who is Asmodeus in human form, watches over the teenagers. When the group stumbles into a cave, a strange old man presents them with an ancient book filled with magical lore and symbols. Asmodeus sends monsters–a giant ape-like creature, and a giant green-skinned fur-clad creature–to retrieve the book from them at all costs. The ape-like creature kills the old man. The castle seems to have disappeared, however the friends discover that it has been rendered invisible by magic. After killing Jim, Asmodeus reveals his true form, that of a winged red demon. Asmodeus kills Jim's girlfriend and then attacks Dave and Susan. Dave and Susan flee to a cemetery and destroy the demon with a cross. As it dies, the cemetery explodes,{{clarify}} killing Susan. Dave sees a shadowy giant who prophecies that Dave will be dead in one year and one day; Dave loses his sanity, and is confined to a mental hospital. One year and one day later, an evil-faced Susan arrives at the hospital to visit him. With the end credits the film ends with the end? leaving the audience to wonder if the story will ever continue and that Susan is still possessed by Asmodeus."] ["In the Duchy of Cornwall of fairy tale days, the sorcerer Pendragon  plots to gain power by abducting the Princess Elaine . To that end, he has fashioned a magic toy that is actually Cormoran the giant. When Cormoran seizes Elaine, a brave farm lad named Jack  slays the monster and rescues Elaine. In gratitude, King Mark  makes Jack her protector and entrusts him to safely guide her to a convent across the sea. Pendragon learns of the plan and sends his witches to intercept Jack's ship. Elaine is captured, while Jack and his friend, Peter  are cast overboard. An old Viking, Sigurd , rescues the two and introduces them to Diaboltin , a leprechaun imprisoned in a bottle. With the help of his new allies, Jack rescues Elaine from Pendragon's castle. As the friends flee, Pendragon sends a two-headed giant along their path but Diablotin summons a monster from the sea to defeat it. As a last resort, Pendragon transforms himself into a dragon, but Jack slays him in a tense battle. With evil routed at last, all sail away to live happily ever after."] ['This is a story about a little hedgehog , who is on his way to visit his friend the bear cub. As explained in the introductory narration, the two would meet every evening to drink tea from the cub\'s samovar, which was heated on a fire of juniper twigs. As they drank their tea, the hedgehog and the bear would converse and count the stars together. On this day, the hedgehog decides to bring the bear cub some raspberry jam. As Hedgehog heads out, a sinister looking eagle-owl is following him. Hedgehog passes through the woods and encounters a beautiful white horse standing in a fog. He is curious as to whether the horse would drown if it went to sleep in the fog. The hedgehog decides to explore the fog for himself. As he goes down an incline into the fog, it is soon so thick that the hedgehog can\'t even see his own pink paw. The fog alternately thickens and thins; when it thins the hedgehog briefly catches vague sight of objects and creatures which disappear again as the fog thickens. Hedgehog finds himself in a surreal and often frightening world inhabited by shapes which are not always identifiable and various creatures ranging from dangerous predators to benevolent animals, in a world of silence and rustles, of darkness, tall grass and enchanting stars. The owl, which has been following the hedgehog, appears near him suddenly and hoots only to disappear again, prompting the Hedgehog to call it psycho . He is frightened, but his curiosity keeps him exploring the unknown. Occasionally an unseen distant voice is heard calling out for Hedeghog. Hedgehog explores a large hollow tree, then panics as he realises he has dropped the raspberry jam he was carrying. He encounters a large dog, which is initially frightening to Hedgehog, until the dog retrieves the jam for him. Later he falls into a river and believes he is going to drown as he floats downstream on his back until he is rescued by a mysterious Somebody  in the river that "speaks" to him silently and sets him on shore. The Hedgehog finds himself at the campfire where friend Bear cub is brewing tea. Bear  says how worried he was at Hedgehog\'s absence; he had been calling out to him but heard no answer. The two sit together, contemplating how good it is to be together again—and the mysterious horse in the fog. The characters Hedgehog and Bear Cub are convivial and tame. In contrast, the eagle-owl is more wild and mischievous, lacking Hedgehog\'s introversion.'] ['Fearful of a prophecy stating that a girl child will be born to bring about her downfall, the evil Queen Bavmorda  imprisons all pregnant women within her realm, the formidable stronghold of Nockmaar. The child, Elora Danan, is born in the Nockmaar dungeons and identified as the prophesied child by a birthmark on her arm. Before the black sorceress arrives to claim the child, Elora\'s mother convinces her reluctant midwife to escape with the baby. Bavmorda sends her daughter Sorsha  and General Kael , the leader of her army, after the midwife to retrieve Elora. After a long pursuit, Nockmaar hounds finally catch up with the midwife. Knowing she can\'t escape, she puts the baby on a makeshift raft and sends it downstream, trusting fate to run its course, just before she is caught and torn apart by the hounds. The child washes up on shore near a village inhabited by a race of dwarf-like people called Nelwyns  and is found by the children of Willow Ufgood , a farmer and amateur conjurer. Willow is at first reluctant to take in the baby, but eventually comes to care for her. The next day, Willow and his children attend a celebration in their village and Willow takes part in a \'test of magic\' to become the apprentice to the village\'s wizard. During the celebration, a Nockmaar hound that was tracking the baby attacks the village. Once the cause of the attack is found, Willow is chosen by the town council to return the child to the world of the "large people," or Daikini . The first Daikini that Willow comes upon is a boastful warrior named Madmartigan , being held captive in a "crow\'s cage" by the side of the road for theft. Seeing a way to escape his cage, Madmartigan offers to take care of the baby. During their interaction, they meet the retreating army of the kingdom of Galladoorn, which was recently destroyed by Bavmorda, under the leadership of Madmartigan\'s old friend Airk Thaughbaer, an officer in the army. Willow entrusts the baby to Madmartigan, but on his way home, Willow is attacked by a clan of brownies, who stole the baby from Madmartigan. Willow is taken to the fairy queen of the forest, Cherlindrea , who tells him that the baby, Elora Danan, has chosen Willow to be her guardian. She gives Willow her magic wand and commissions him to find the sorceress Fin Raziel, with two of her brownies, Franjean and Rool, acting as his guides. Along the way, they bump into Madmartigan again, who helps them escape from Sorsha. Willow and the rest of the group finally meet Fin Raziel , only to find that the sorceress has been turned into a possum by Bavmorda. Soon afterwards Sorsha captures Willow and the others, and they start the long trek to Nockmaar castle. In a mountain camp, Willow attempts to use magic to turn Fin Raziel back into her human form, but transforms her into a Rook instead. Franjean and Rool cause further mayhem when they accidentally expose Madmartigan to a fairy love dust they are carrying, which makes him become infatuated with Sorsha, but eventually they manage to escape. The group arrives at the castle of Tir Asleen, which has been put under Bavmorda\'s spell; all its inhabitants are frozen in ice. Madmartigan, refusing to give up hope, prepares for Sorsha\'s attack while Willow once again fails to transform Raziel into human form, this time turning her into a goat. Sorsha, Kael, and their army arrive and give battle. Willow encounters a few trolls, and after a botched magic spell, transforms one into a giant two-headed monster . Luckily, the remnants of the Army of Galladoorn arrive just in time to help their friends. Amidst the melee, Sorsha finally realizes her love for Madmartigan. Kael, however, seizes Elora and takes her to Nockmaar. The heroes set up camp at Nockmaar, preparing to storm the castle in a final attempt to rescue Elora. Bavmorda turns most of the soldiers  into pigs, but Raziel teaches Willow how to protect himself from the spell. Willow finally returns Raziel to human form, and the sorceress is able to transform the soldiers back to people. Since Nockmaar\'s walls seem impenetrable, all despair until Willow proposes a trick to get them inside. In the morning, Raziel and Willow alone provoke the Nockmaar army into attacking them. As the Nockmaar army abandons the security of the castle, Airk\'s army comes out of hiding from under tents and pits, ambushing them and gaining access to the castle. While Madmartigan, Airk, and his soldiers battle Kael and the Nockmaar army in the courtyard, Willow, Raziel and Sorsha ascend the castle\'s main tower trying to locate Elora. They find Bavmorda in the process of initiating an evil ritual that will banish Elora\'s body and soul to a nether-realm. Below, Kael kills Airk, then engages Madmartigan in a lengthy battle, which ends with Madmartigan killing the General. After a lengthy magical battle between Raziel and Bavmorda, Willow, using his sleight-of-hand trick, saves Elora and causes Bavmorda to get caught in her own ritual, banishing her own body and soul. Willow leaves the baby in the care of Madmartigan and Sorsha at the castle of Tir Asleen and returns home to his beloved family with a special gift: a spellbook from Raziel, which helps him develop his own magical abilities.'] ["In the small New England town of Blithe Hollow, Massachusetts, a boy named Norman Babcock is able to speak with the dead, including his late grandmother and various ghosts in town. Unfortunately, almost no one among the living believes his ability is genuine and he is isolated emotionally from his family while being ridiculed and bullied by most of his peers for his seemingly strange abilities. However, Norman makes a friend with Neil Downe, an eccentric overweight boy who is bullied himself and finds Norman's earnest admission as a medium an intriguing part of a kindred spirit. During rehearsal of a school play commemorating the town's witch execution of 300 years ago, Norman has a harrowing vision of the town's past and being pursued as a witch by the town's citizenry. Afterward, the boys are confronted by Norman's estranged and seemingly deranged uncle Mr. Prenderghast who tells his nephew that the vision is a sign that he soon must take up his regular ritual to protect the town. Norman refuses to take him seriously, but soon has another vision during the school play, creating a public spectacle of himself which leads to his embarrassed parents unjustly grounding him. Now completely despondent and isolated, Norman is confronted by the ghost of the recently deceased Prenderghast in the restroom who tells him that the ritual must be performed with a special book before sundown that day, before departing for the afterlife. After some consideration, Norman sets off to Prenderghast's residence to retrieve the book. Believing that Neil would not truly understand his situation, he drives him away. He arrives at the graves of the town's ancestors/founders, including Judge Hopkins, who were supposedly cursed by the witch they condemned, but finds the book is merely a collection of fairy tales. Before Norman can ponder the situation, Alvin, a bully who overheard Norman's encounter in the restroom, intrudes and interferes with the reading until after sundown. With that, a ghostly storm resembling the witch appears in the air while the cursed dead arise and pursue the boys until they meet Norman's sister, Courtney, Neil and his older brother, Mitch, who have come to retrieve Norman. Together, the kids are relentlessly pursued by the zombies into town, but Norman manages to contact a classmate named Salma, who tells them to access the Town Hall's archives for the location of the witch's unmarked grave. As the kids make their way to the Town Hall, the zombies eventually lose them and find themselves confused by modern society and then are beset by the citizenry, who attack them en masse. During the riot, the kids break into the archives but cannot find any information they need. As the mob moves to attack Town Hall, Norman  temporarily drives away his companions only for them to be trapped by the mob. However, the Witch storm appears and Norman climbs the Hall's tower to desperately attempt to read the book to stop her, but the witch blasts it with lightning and causes him to fall back down into the archives. Unconscious, Norman has a dream where he learns that the witch was actually Agatha Prenderghast, an innocent little girl of his age who was also a medium, unjustly condemned by the town's superstitious and frightened elite, who were then cursed to reawaken as the undead by Agatha as she was taken for execution. After awakening, Norman encounters the zombies and realizes that all they wanted was to speak with him to ensure he would take up the ritual to minimize the harm of the terrible mistake they made with Agatha. However, Norman decides that this gesture is not enough and resolves to find Agatha's ghost to arrive at a permanent solution. Norman attempts to help the zombies slip away to have them guide him to Agatha's grave, but are cornered by the mob. However, Courtney, who has come to realize her brother's true abilities, heroism and task, confronts the crowd and convinces them to back off. As the witch storm rages ever more destructively, Judge Hopkins guides Norman's family to the grave in a forest. Unfortunately, Agatha's magic separates Norman from the others and he must reach the grave on his own to save the town. Norman finds the grave, and soon confronted by the vengeful spirit of Agatha, interacting with her in the spirit dimension. She tries to drive him away, but Norman resolutely holds his ground, telling her that he understands how she feels as an outcast. As she struggles to drive him away, Norman endures her assault and eventually convinces her that, despite her legitimate grievance, her thirst for vengeance is accomplishing nothing but inflicting more pain and persuades her to stop. Norman tries to convince her that even in the darkest times, there must have been someone who was kind to her. Focusing only on the tragedies and forgetting the good things in her life is what reduced her to a malevolent force devoid of her true identity. Eventually, the girl, nicknamed Aggie, calms down at Norman's eloquence, recalling her true personality and happy memories with her mother. She is able to find a measure of peace, knowing that she is not alone and one person in the town understands her, allowing her to let go and move on to the afterlife. At that resolution, the storm dissipates, and she and the zombies all peacefully fade away. As day breaks, the town cleans up and regards Norman as a hero even when the outside media tries to explain the disturbance as merely a powerful storm. Norman, realizing that he, too, should stop focusing on his memories of being ostracized and pushing others away, accepts Neil's companionship. At the end, Norman watches a horror film with the ghost of his Grandmother again, and his family eagerly joins him."] ['Pelias , under the protection of the god Zeus , usurps the throne of Thessaly by storming the palace of King Aristo and killing him; but learns a prophecy that he will be overthrown by a child of Aristo wearing one sandal. In an attempt to thwart the prophecy, Pelias angers the goddess Hera  by killing one of Aristo\'s daughters, Briseis , despite having her protection and while praying in her temple. Twenty years later , Jason , Aristo\'s son grown to manhood, saves Pelias from drowning during a chance encounter, but loses a sandal into the depths of the river such that Pelias recognises him. Upon learning that Jason means to obtain the legendary Golden Fleece, Pelias encourages him, hoping he will be killed in the attempt. Men from all over Greece compete for the honor of joining Jason; men who, because their ship is named the Argo after its builders Argos  and his helper, the goddess Athena, are dubbed the Argonauts. Among those chosen are Hercules  and Hylas . Acastus , the son of Pelias, is sent by his father to sabotage the voyage. Jason is taken to Mount Olympus by the god Hermes  to speak with Zeus and Hera. The goddess wishes him well, but adds, as decreed by Zeus, he can only call upon her aid five times. She directs him to search for the Fleece in the land of Colchis. On the first occasion of summoning Hera\'s help, she guides Jason to the Isle of Bronze and warns him to take nothing but provisions; but exploring the island, Hercules steals a brooch pin the size of a javelin from a treasure chamber surmounted by a statue of Talos, which comes to life and attacks the Argo. Jason again turns to Hera, who guides him to open a cylindrical plug on the back of Talos\'s heel, releasing the latter\'s vital ichor. Defeated, Talos falls to the ground, crushing Hylas; whereupon Hercules refuses to leave until he ascertains the latter\'s death. The other Argonauts refuse to abandon Hercules, so that Jason calls on Hera again. She confirms that Hylas is dead and that Hercules is not to continue with the others, and directs them to seek the blind soothsayer Phineas , whom they find tormented by two Harpies sent by Zeus to punish him for misusing his gift of prophecy; these winged females would steal Phineas\' food leaving him only noisome scraps. In return for imprisoning the Harpies, Phineas gives Jason directions and presents him with an amulet. To reach Colchis, they must sail between the Clashing Rocks which come together and crush any ship attempting to pass them. When Jason undertakes rowing through these dark rocks, his ship becomes trapped in the violent sea. In despair, Jason calls upon the end of the gods and throws Phineas\' gift into the water; whereupon the god Triton rises from sea foam and holds the rocks in place long enough for the Argo to pass. They pick up three survivors of another ship, among them Medea . At Colchis, Acastus and Jason disagree on how to approach the King of Colchis, and eventually fight. Disarmed, Acastus jumps into the sea to escape. Believing him dead, Jason and his men accept an invitation from King Aeëtes  to a feast, where they are captured and imprisoned. Thereafter Medea, enamoured of JasonHera convinces Aphrodite to persuade her son Eros with a golden toy made for Zeus by his nurse Adrasteia; Desiring the toy, a thing so wonderful that when "you throw it up with your hands", it sends a flaming streak across the sky like a falling star, Eros shoots an arrow at Medea, causing her to fall in love with Jason., helps him and his men escape. Acastus tries to steal the Fleece himself, but is fatally wounded by its guardian Hydra, whom Jason kills to take the Fleece. Æëtes, in pursuit, sows the Hydra\'s teeth, producing a skeletal warrior from each. When Medea is wounded in the resulting battle, Jason uses the fleece to heal her. He then orders his Argonauts to take Medea to the ship, while he and two of his men fight off the skeletons. When his two companions are slain, Jason escapes to the ship; whereafter he, Medea, and the surviving Argonauts begin their return to Thessaly. In Olympus Zeus tells Hera that in due time he will call upon Jason again.'] ['The film begins off with a Star Wars styled title crawl. After the credits, the film cuts to the USS Consolationprize being attacked by a spacecraft resembling a Star Destroyer. We are then introduced to the ship\'s crew, Captain Kwirk and Mr. Spuck. A menacing figure named Dark Vapor then appears telling them that they are to be captured as part of the Rebellious Alliance. Upon realizing that the rest of the crew won\'t appear due to budget cuts, they escape in a shuttlecraft, and land on Earth, in the year 2001. They climb over a ridge to find a monolith, which belongs to a cigar-smoking Star Child. He says his monolith is broken and the universe is falling apart because of it. He states it\'s up to Kwirk and Spuck to repair it. They are also told that the dark smell of the force wants to steal the monolith for its power. But both sides can summon any warrior from any universe  to help their side of the fight. Later that night, the two arrive in Plastic City, and meet their first opponent, the Schwartzenator. In response, they summon RoboFuzz to combat him. Neither side is victorious. After that, Dark Vapor summons The Carnivore. Spuck responds by summoning N.T. the Non-Terrestrial. N.T. is the victor. Dark Vapor then summons Uglien, although he is easily distracted by an ice cream cone, which Spuck seemingly pulls out of his behind. Right as Spuck and Kwirk believe that they are victorious, the monolith is stolen by Darth Vapor\'s henchman, Mini-Maul , flying his Bow-Tie Fighter. Kwirk and Spuck secretly follow him onto Dark Vapor\'s starship, where a fight ensues. Meanwhile, Kwirk\'s mechanic, Mr. Squatty realizes the monolith\'s battery died and it just needed a jump start. The monolith is then repaired, and Captain Kwirk dispatches Mini-Maul by knocking him down into a pit of what appears to be liquid feces. Meanwhile, Mr. Spuck dispatches the rest of Vapor\'s henchmen in an asteroid field with a 12-gauge shotgun. Kwirk is reunited on the Consolationprize with Spuck, and he makes the discovery that the enemies\' designation is pure gas. They dispatch Dark Vapor by launching a missile into his ship. With evil now vanquished, Captain Kwirk wonders why RoboFuzz and N.T. have not been returned to their respective universes. The Star Child then appears on their screen, and informs them that they have yet to battle the true evil, and to defeat it they must unite with their enemies. Kwirk, Spuck, Vapor, and Mini-Maul are then transported to a desert wasteland, where they meet Jar Jar Sucks. For a reason they can\'t explain, they all suddenly feel pure hatred toward him, and attack. They tie him up with his own tongue, and throw him over a cliff. The Star Child then informs them that their duties are done, and they are sent back to their respective universes, "until the sequel".'] ['We Are the Strange focuses on "two diametrically opposed outcasts" as they "fight for survival in a sinister fantasy world." These two outcasts are an abused woman named Blue who has a mysterious degenerative disease and a living doll named eMMM. The two meet in the Forest of Still Life, where Blue follows eMMM to Stopmo City on a search for his ideal ice cream parlor. Upon arriving in Stopmo City, they are caught in the middle of a fierce battle between bizarre monsters, making their progress difficult. Thankfully, a hero named Rain appears and easily destroys every monster that faces him. Blue meets Rain before he partakes in an "impossible battle against the source of all that is evil in Stopmo City." During the battle, Rain, along with Ori are crushed by Him after Rain states he wants to avenge his son. When the outlook seems grim, a fist made of aluminum foil breaks through the ground and starts the final showdown between good and evil. Six alternate soundtracks and author\'s commentary, including soundtrack by Noise Inc. are available on the DVD. The music used in We Are the Strange Trailer has been made by chiptune artist YERZMYEY/AY-RIDERS  using ZX Spectrum computer.'] ['One night, Wallace and Gromit are relaxing in the living-room pondering where to go for the upcoming bank holiday. Wallace gets up to prepare tea with cheese and crackers, only to discover they are out of cheese. Wallace suggests they should go somewhere where there is plenty of cheese. After browsing possible destinations , they ultimately choose to go to the Moon, since "everybody knows the moon\'s made of cheese." The two build a moon rocket in their basement, complete with easy chairs and a wallpapered cabin. Once the two complete packing provisions for the journey, Wallace lights the rocket\'s fuse. With only a minute to go in the countdown, he realizes that they have forgotten to pack crackers. He rushes out of the rocket and hurries up to the kitchen to get crackers, making it back to the rocket a few seconds before the engine ignites. Even with the engine running, the rocket refuses to lift off . Gromit realizes he has forgotten to release the hand brake and does so, allowing the rocket to lift off. Upon reaching the moon, which is in fact made of cheese, Wallace and Gromit set up a picnic. They try out the lunar cheese, trying to determine what kind it is, but realize it\'s like nothing they\'ve ever tasted before. They decide to try another spot, where they find a mechanised storage facility, with a strong resemblance to an oven, called "the Cooker". Wallace puts a coin into the machine, but nothing happens , so he and Gromit continue on their way. Once they’ve left, the Cooker springs to life with two robotic arms springing out from either side of it. It discovers Wallace and Gromit’s picnic site; agitated by the mess, it cleans up the mess of dirty dishes. It then discovers a magazine advertising skiing holidays lying on the picnic blanket, and develops a desire to travel to Earth and go skiing. After putting a moon cheese spike Wallace and Gromit had sampled earlier back together with glue, it then spots their rocket and is amazed by it. It gives them a parking ticket and is annoyed by an oil leak. Shortly afterwards, the Cooker notices Wallace. Aggravated by his littering, illegally-parked and leaky rocket, and uncontrollable consumption of moon cheese, the Cooker sneaks up behind Wallace to bludgeon him with a truncheon. Just as Gromit notices the machine, it runs out of money and shuts down. The previously-oblivious Wallace notices the Cooker, decides to take the truncheon as a souvenir, and inserts another coin into the Cooker in exchange for the truncheon. As Wallace and Gromit leave for the rocket, the Cooker comes back to life. Realizing the rocket can take it to Earth where it can fulfill its dream of skiing, the machine chases after Wallace and Gromit, who, noticing the Cooker and thinking that it\'s angry with them for taking a large basket of lunar cheese, prepare for an emergency takeoff. At the same time, the Cooker breaks into the rocket with a tin cutter . Blundering about in the dark interior of the rocket\'s engine room , the Cooker lights a match near the fuel tank, causing an explosion. The Cooker tries to hang on, but eventually is thrown across the lunar surface as the rocket launches, ripping off two strips of metal from the rocket. Initially crushed by its failure to get to Earth, the Cooker realizes it can use the metal strips as a pair of skis. While happily skiing on the lunar surface, the Cooker waves goodbye to Wallace and Gromit, who return home.'] ['The story revolves around the life of Harvek Milos Krumpetzki, born in Poland in 1922. At the outbreak of World War II he comes to Spotswood in Australia as a refugee, and changes his name to Harvie Krumpet. Despite a life filled with bad luck - such as having Tourette\'s Syndrome, being struck by lightning, and losing one of his testicles - Harvie remains ever optimistic, living out his own eccentric way of life, marrying a nurse he meets in hospital and raising an adoptive daughter, who is a Thalidomide baby. Throughout his disaster-ridden life, people around him come and go, but right to the end Harvie delights in the simple pleasure of life. In one of the pivotal episodes of his life, Harvie sits in the park next to a statue of Horace while he hears the instructional Carpe diem, which inspires him to make many changes in his life, such as embracing the naturist ways and embarking on daring rescue missions for animal rights. The film ends with one of Harvie\'s many "fakts", which he had been collecting throughout the film. "Fakt 1034: Life is like a cigarette, smoke it to the butt".'] 