['In 2068,A newspaper that appears in one scene in a close-up shot is dated 11 June 2068 , which places the maiden flight of Skyship One nine months after the conclusion to Thunderbirds Are Go in September 2067 , and six months after the events of the final Thunderbirds Series Two episode, "Give or Take a Million", in December 2067 . The events of Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons also occur in 2068. the New World Aircraft Corporation  provides Brains, the inventor of the Thunderbird machines of the humanitarian International Rescue organisation, with an open brief to design a revolutionary aircraft. Although Brains is ridiculed when he proposes an airship for the 21st century, NWAC accepts his blueprints and builds Skyship One, which will circumnavigate the world on its maiden flight with pre-programmed stopover destinations. Alan, Tin-Tin, Lady Penelope and Parker will represent International Rescue as special guests. Brains, meanwhile, is forced to remain on Tracy Island when Jeff decides that International Rescue requires a Thunderbird 6. Contracted to design this latest addition to the Thunderbirds fleet with no specification, Brains produces a range of concepts, all of which are rejected by Jeff. Alan and Tin-Tin travel to England in an old Tiger Moth biplane and join Penelope and Parker. As Skyship One embarks on its round-the-world voyage, the International Rescue guests are unaware that Captain Foster and the stewards have been murdered and replaced by agents in the pay of The Hood,The Hood is apparently killed in Thunderbirds Are Go, but returns in Thunderbird 6 under a new codename . However, in the DVD audio commentary for Thunderbird 6, Sylvia Anderson states that Black Phantom is not The Hood. who is operating under the alias of "Black Phantom" and is based at the disused El Hadim airfield near Casablanca in Morocco. Codenamed "White Ghost", the impostors are not required to demonstrate technical knowledge of Skyship One since it incorporates automated systems, meaning that the trip passes without incident as the airship visits such locations as New York, the Grand Canyon, then Rio de Janeiro and India. Penelope has been warming to the dashing impersonator of Captain Foster, but uncovers a listening device in her room after Skyship One passes through the Egyptian Pyramids. Foster and his associates have secretly been recording and editing Penelope\'s speech to assemble a false transmission, which requests that Jeff dispatch Thunderbirds 1 and 2, with Brains on board, to El Hadim airfield where The Hood and his henchmen will be waiting to hi-jack the machines. When Skyship One makes its final stop in the Swiss Alps, Parker locates the editing equipment, but the transmission has been finished and is soon sent to John on Thunderbird 5. Alan determines the threat against International Rescue just in time for Penelope to contact Jeff in person and warn that Thunderbirds 1 and 2 are about to be ambushed. Dispatched by Jeff in accordance with the transmission, Scott and Virgil now open fire on and annihilate The Hood\'s hideout. On Skyship One, Alan, Penelope and Parker battle Foster and his associates in a gunfight and kill two of the five White Ghost operatives, but are forced to surrender when Tin-Tin is captured as a hostage. One of the "Gravity Compensators" has also been damaged in the fighting, causing the airship to lose altitude. Crossing the English coast, it crashes into a radio mast at a missile base in Dover. With the airship balanced precariously on top of the mast and its anti-gravity field dropping, it is up to the Scott, Virgil and Brains to rescue all on board before it collapses onto the base. On Tracy Island, Gordon proposes that Alan\'s Tiger Moth, in storage at the NWAC Headquarters, is light enough to land on the airship without precipitating its fall. Brains pilots the plane onto the top deck but is confronted by Foster and his two surviving associates. Holding Penelope hostage in the cockpit, Foster intends to abandon the others, but Alan shoots and kills the impostor. The Tiger Moth lifts off again with all hanging on to either the wings or undercarriage, just before Skyship One crashes to the ground and obliterates the evacuated missile base in a chain reaction.Lady Penelope\'s Rolls-Royce, FAB1, is stored in the cargo hold during the round-the-world trip, so is lost along with Skyship One . A shootout on board the Tiger Moth disposes of the last of the White Ghost agents, but a bullet has penetrated the fuel tank and the controls will not respond to Penelope. After narrow misses with a bridge on the unfinished M104 motorway and an exhaust tower, Alan and Penelope finally manage to ditch the plane into a field with Tin-Tin, Parker and Brains all unhurt. Back on Tracy Island, Brains unveils Thunderbird 6 as none other than the repaired, repainted and revamped Tiger Moth, which all agree has proven its value as a rescue aircraft.'] ['In 2065,Dates as confirmed in The Complete Book of Thunderbirds . The final Series Two episode of Thunderbirds, "Give or Take a Million", appears to be set in December 2026  but this should be viewed as December 2067 , placing the events of this Series Two episode after the finale of Thunderbirds Are Go. the Zero-X spacecraft launches from Glenn Field as the first attempt at a manned mission to Mars. Unknown to Captain Paul Travers and his crew of two astronauts and two scientists, criminal mastermind The Hood has infiltrated the ship to photograph Zero-X\'s wing mechanism. When his foot becomes trapped in the hydraulics, The Hood causes a systems failure and Zero-X loses control. While the villain manages to extract his bloodied foot and parachute from the undercarriage, Travers and his crew eject in an escape pod and Zero-X crashes into the ocean before leaving Earth\'s atmosphere. In 2067, at the conclusion of an investigation into the loss of Zero-X, the Inquiry Board of the Space Exploration Center reaches a verdict of sabotage. In the meantime, a second Mars mission has been planned. Days before the launch of the new Zero-X, International Rescue agrees to a request to organise security in view of the possibility of another sabotage threat. Jeff Tracy dispatches Scott to Glenn Field in Thunderbird 1, while Virgil in Thunderbird 2 and Alan in Thunderbird 3 are assigned to escort Zero-X as it leaves the atmosphere. Posing as a reporter at the pre-launch press conference, Lady Penelope ensures that Travers and the other four crewmembers are delivered St. Christopher brooches. Ostensibly for luck, these are in fact homing devices . The next day, a search for Dr Grant\'s brooch checks negative. Scott unmasks the man waiting for lift-off on board Zero-X as The Hood in another of his disguises. The saboteur flees Glenn Field in a car, which Penelope and Parker pursue in FAB1. Transferring to a speedboat, and then a helicopter piloted by an accomplice, The Hood is apparently killed when Parker shoots the aircraft down with the Rolls-Royce\'s built-in machine gun.Surviving the explosion, The Hood returns in the sequel film, Thunderbird 6, under the alias of "Black Phantom" . However, in the DVD audio commentary for Thunderbird 6, Sylvia Anderson states that this is a different character. Meanwhile, the real Grant is returned to Zero-X and the spacecraft launches without further incident. Mission accomplished, Penelope invites Scott and Virgil to join her at "The Swinging Star", a fashionable nightclub. Landing back on Tracy Island after escorting Zero-X, Alan feels unappreciated when Jeff insists that he remain on standby at base while his brothers spend the night partying. In bed, Alan experiences a surreal dream in which Parker "flies" him and Penelope in FAB1 to a version of The Swinging Star located in space. Present at the interstellar nightclub are Cliff Richard Jr and The Shadows, who perform a song titled "Shooting Star" and an instrumental, "Lady Penelope". The dream sequence ends abruptly when Alan plummets from The Swinging Star back to Earth and awakes to discover he has fallen out of bed. After a six-week flight, the Zero-X Martian Exploration Vehicle lands on Mars on 22 July. While investigating the barren surface, the crew are puzzled to encounter strange rock formations arranged into coils. Space Captain Greg Martin blasts one of the structures with the MEV gun and Dr Pierce prepares to leave the vehicle to collect samples. However, the other formations stir into motion and reveal themselves to be one-eyed "Rock Snakes". Under attack from the extraterrestrials, which are able to shoot fireballs from their "mouths", the Zero-X explorers are forced to effect a premature departure from the Martian surface. Docking with the orbiting command module piloted by Space Navigator Brad Newman, the astronauts start the flight back to Earth. As Zero-X re-enters Earth\'s atmosphere on 2 September, a lifting body launched to assist the controlled descent fails to interface, damaging the escape unit circuit . With Zero-X locked in descent and set to impact Craigsville, Florida,Craigsville is located in Florida  and landscape scenes shot in Portugal for the climax of Thunderbirds Are Go are intended to represent that area. Jeff sends out Scott and Brains in Thunderbird 1 and Virgil, Alan and Gordon in Thunderbird 2. Winched into Zero-X\'s undercarriage, Alan must risk being trapped on board the spacecraft as Brains advises him on re-routing the damaged escape circuit. With Craigsville evacuated, Alan is left seconds to detach his cable, and Travers and the others eject just in time, before Zero-X crashes spectacularly into Craigsville. Collected by Penelope and Parker in FAB1, Alan is driven to the real Swinging Star and Penelope, joined by the Tracy family, Brains and Tin-Tin, all disguised to conceal their identities, propose a toast to Alan as the "hero of the day".'] ['Team America exists to stop terrorists from committing world crimes. With a home base within Mount Rushmore, the team consists of: Lisa, a psychologist; Carson, Lisa\'s love interest; Sarah, an alleged psychic; Joe, an all-American jock who is in love with Sarah; and Chris, a technological and martial arts expert who harbors a mistrust of actors. The team is led by Spottswoode, a United States government agent. I.N.T.E.L.L.I.G.E.N.C.E. is their highly-advanced supercomputer. The story opens in Paris, France, where the team interrupts a group of terrorists in action. During the ensuing firefight, the Team destroys the Eiffel Tower  and the Louvre, "saving" the day but ironically causing more damage than if they had not been present. Carson then proposes to Lisa, but the moment is cut short when a dying terrorist kills Carson. In search of a new member, Spottswoode recruits Gary Johnston, a Broadway actor, who was starring in Lease, and who has college majors in Theater and World Languages. Gary will use his acting talents to infiltrate terrorist organizations. Unbeknownst to the team, North Korean dictator Kim Jong-il is supplying international terrorists with weapons of mass destruction, planning a mysterious worldwide attack. I.N.T.E.L.L.I.G.E.N.C.E. is informed of a terrorist meeting in Cairo, Egypt. Gary manages to successfully infiltrate the terrorist group due to his fluency in their language, which is shown to be a caricature of Arabic that consists mainly of the words "Derka", "Muhammad" and "Jihad". During this time, both Lisa and Sarah become romantically attracted to him. Chris, however, hates Gary, because he is an actor. Gary is sent in undercover, and gains trust of a terrorist lieutenant despite having a poor disguise. The team attempts to capture the terrorists, and although Team America successfully foils the plan, their actions again leave most of the city in ruins. The group is criticized by the Film Actors Guild ([[Faggot , a union of liberal Hollywood actors. The group includes Gary\'s favorite actor, Alec Baldwin, and his heavy criticism is discouraging to Gary. Meanwhile, the United Nations assign Hans Blix to inspect Kim Jong-il\'s lair, but Blix is killed by Kim Jong-il\'s man-eating sharks. As Team America relaxes, Gary expresses his guilt to Lisa, remembering a time where his acting talent caused his brother to be killed by gorillas. As the two consummate their relationship, a group of terrorists blow up the Panama Canal. The Film Actors Guild blames Team America, believing that they are responsible, as the terrorists claim this is retaliation for Team America\'s attack in Egypt. Gary, realizing his acting talents have once again resulted in a tumult, abandons the team, causing conflict among the remaining members. Believing the terrorists to be operating within Derkaderkastan, the original members depart, only to be attacked and captured by terrorists and the North Koreans, respectively. Meanwhile, Michael Moore infiltrates the team\'s base and suicide bombs the area. Kim Jong-il, upset with the terrorists\' actions, expresses his frustration and despair by singing "I\'m So Ronery". Meanwhile, Gary slips further into alcoholism. In North Korea, Kim Jong-il plans to host an elaborate peace ceremony, inviting not only the Film Actors Guild, but also the world\'s political leaders. Alec Baldwin is chosen as the ceremony\'s host. During the celebration, a series of bombs will be detonated throughout the world, reducing every nation to a Third World country. Gary returns to the Team\'s headquarters in Mount Rushmore and finds only ruins, although Spottswoode and I.N.T.E.L.L.I.G.E.N.C.E. have survived. After regaining Spottswoode\'s trust by performing oral sex on him, and undergoing a one-day training course (shown as a [[Montage , Gary is sent to North Korea. Gary manages to free the team. They are confronted by the Film Actors Guild and a violent battle ensues, which involves panthers being released at the team, and leaving most of the Guild brutally slain, with Alec Baldwin remaining alive as the host of the ceremony. Soon after, Chris confesses to Gary that his mistrust of actors is due to the fact that he was raped by the cast of Cats at the age of nineteen. The team then confronts Kim Jong-il. Although initially unsuccessful, Gary convinces the world\'s leaders to unite when he recites the drifter\'s emotional speech that he heard in the bar, stunning Alec. Kim Jong-il then kills Alec with an assault rifle, but is defeated by Lisa and impaled on a Pickelhaube. Kim\'s bombs are disarmed; and he is revealed to be a cockroach from another planet. He flees, departing in a miniature spaceship, but promises to return. When Gary and Lisa begin a relationship, the team reunites, preparing to combat the remainder of the world\'s terrorists.'] 