["Aboard the cargo ship McRuby, docked in New York, six stowaways burst from one of the containers being unloaded. They flee from the ship, but are apprehended by dock workers and the New York police. The McRuby's Ukrainian crew watches the detention with some amusement, but the ship's captain and his first mate, Ion Plesin, are displeased, aware that the illegal immigrants will cost the shipping company hundreds of thousands of dollars in fines. In response, company representative Andreas Vlachos arrives to oversee future operations and warn that the crew will be liable for any more such fines. Later, the McRuby is docked in Ghana, where dock worker Kingsley Ofosu plans to some day stow away aboard a cargo ship to pursue a better life for himself and his pregnant wife in the United States. Upon winning a lottery, he decides that the time is right, as he can use the money to get on his feet upon his arrival. Ofosu, his brother and six other men slip aboard the McRuby and hide in its cargo holds. With the ship behind schedule, Plesin has only one hour to conduct a stowaway search prior to departure. The hasty endeavor fails to turn up Ofosu's group and the ship sails, bound for France, prior to sailing on to New York. Ofosu's group encounters another stowaway, who had boarded the ship in Cameroon. The men jovially discuss the vocations they intend to pursue in the United States. Later, their water container breaks, forcing them to leave the cargo area to forage for food and water. They leave evidence of the presence, which is then discovered by the crew. To prevent Vlachos from learning that the stowaway search had been incomplete, the captain has Plesin assemble a small team to conduct a secret perquisition. The stowaways are found and Plesin discusses the predicament with the captain. Given the illegal immigrant fines, they cannot bring the stowaways into port. However, they also cannot alter course to drop the men off somewhere, as Vlachos would then find out about them. The Africans are taken to be hidden within the ship's anchor hold. When they object, they find Plesin unsympathetic to their desire to escape poverty. He points out that if the stowaways' presence becomes known, he and his men will be fired, and any other jobs they can find in Ukraine will pay even less than the meager wages earned by Ofosu on the docks in Ghana. The stowaways are forced into the hold and initially left without food or water. Yuri, one of Plesin's men, takes pity and secretly delivers them a little water, but he is powerless to do more. As the stowaways suffer, Ofosu laments that he has led the group to their deaths. The captain finally acquiesces to Plesin's plan to kill the stowaways. The men are taken from the hold in small groups. As each group is brought into another area, they are ambushed and their bodies thrown overboard. Yuri tries to stop the massacre, but the others overpower and subdue him. Ofosu and his brother are the last two brought out, but they surmise what is about to occur and make a run for it, heading in different directions. As they do, Ofosu's brother is shot and, with his injury, is soon caught and thrown overboard as Ofosu watches. Ofosu flees back below decks to hide and is able to elude further searches for him. While in the cargo hold, Ofosu stashes a picture of himself and his wife inside one of the cocoa sacks. Plesin's men are concerned about their inability to locate their final stowaway, but they reason that all Western countries despise black immigrants and thus no one will be motivated to take action against them. They also expect to be able to secure him upon reaching port when he tries to exit the ship. However, once the ship docks, Ofosu is able to escape to shore and make it to the police before Plesin's men can catch him. The next day, French authorities board the McRuby to investigate Ofosu's story. Plesin first denies that there had been any stowaway, but the ship's cocoa sacks are searched, yielding Ofosu's picture. Plesin's final play is to acknowledge the killings but to suggest that he and his men had done France a favor by preventing undesirable blacks from entering the country illegally. The police are unimpressed by this rationale and immediately arrest Plesin and his men, along with the captain. The film ends with Ofosu on the phone with his wife, hearing the cries of his newborn son, whom he pledges to name after his brother. An epilogue notes that the captain and first mate were convicted of murder and sentenced to life imprisonment. Three other crew members were also convicted and received 20-year sentences, while one crew member was acquitted. Kingsley Ofosu was living in France and hoping to have his wife and child join him."] ['Arthur Kirkland  is a hotheaded but idealistic young defense attorney in Baltimore. As the film opens, he is in jail on a charge of contempt of court for having thrown a punch at judge Henry T. Fleming  while arguing the case of an innocent defendant, Jeff McCullaugh . McCullaugh was stopped for a minor traffic offense, but then mistaken for a killer of the same name and convicted. He has already endured year and a half in jail, as Kirkland continues his efforts to have the case reviewed against Fleming\'s resistance. Though there is strong new evidence that the convicted man was innocent, Judge Fleming refused Kirkland\'s appeal due to a minor technicality and leaves McCullaugh in prison. Kirkland takes another case, that of meek, gentle transgender Ralph Agee , who is guilty of a small crime and becomes a victim of the legal system. Kirkland also pays regular nursing home visits to his beloved Grandfather Sam , who is becoming senile. It is revealed that Arthur was abandoned by his parents at a young age and it was Sam who raised him and put him through law school. Arthur also begins a romance with a legal ethics committee member, Gail Packer . One day, Kirkland is shocked to find himself requested to defend Judge Fleming, who to everyone\'s surprise has been accused of rape. The two loathe each other, but Fleming feels everyone will believe he is innocent if the person publicly known to hate him also argues his innocence. Fleming uses blackmail, telling Kirkland an old violation of lawyer-client confidentiality will be reviewed by the ethics committee and Arthur likely will be disbarred if he refuses to represent Fleming. Gail confirms this off the record. An eccentric judge named Rayford , who has a friendly relationship with Kirkland, takes him for a hair-raising ride in his personal Bell 47 helicopter over the harbor and Fort McHenry, laughing as he tests how far they can possibly go without running out of fuel, while Arthur, his terrified passenger, begs him to land the helicopter immediately. Rayford, a veteran of the Korean War, is possibly suicidal, and keeps a rifle in his chambers at the courthouse, a 1911 pistol in his shoulder holster at all times and eats his lunch out on the ledge outside his window, four stories up. Kirkland\'s friend and partner, Jay Porter , is also unstable. He feels guilt from gaining acquittals for defendants who were truly guilty of violent crimes and goes berserk when one commits another murder. After a breakdown at the courthouse, Jay is taken to a hospital accompanied by Kirkland. Before leaving in the ambulance, a distracted Arthur calls on another lawyer friend, Warren Fresnell , to handle Ralph\'s court hearing in his absence. Arthur gives Warren a corrected version of Ralph\'s probation report, and stresses the fact that Warren must show the corrections to the judge so that Ralph will get probation rather than being sent to jail. Unfortunately, Warren forgets to appear on time, fails to show the judge the corrected report, and Ralph is sentenced to jail where he commits suicide through hanging off-screen. Kirkland is livid, and attacks Warren\'s car with his briefcase in retaliation and to get his attention. Warren argues that Ralph\'s trial was nothing but "nickels and dimes" and beneath him, before Kirkland sternly reminds him "they\'re people" and then informing of Ralph\'s suicide . His other client, McCullaugh, abused by fellow prisoners , snaps one day and takes two hostages. Arthur pleads with him to surrender, promising to get him out, but the police shoot and kill McCullaugh after he stands up, providing a shot for a police sharpshooter, as Arthur looks on in horror. A clearly disturbed Kirkland takes on Judge Fleming\'s case, which Judge Rayford and a jury will hear in court. Arthur acquires evidence from another client, Carl, incriminating photographs that show Fleming in BDSM acts with a prostitute. Gail warns him not to betray a client. He shows the pictures to Fleming, who then freely admits that he is guilty of the rape. Disgusted with his situation, Kirkland goes to trial. Fleming makes a sleazy remark to Kirkland about wanting to rape the victim again, which finally pushes Kirkland to the breaking point. In his opening statement, Arthur begins by mocking the case of the prosecuting attorney  while speaking of the ultimate objective of the American legal system. He appears to be making a strong case to exonerate Fleming. But unexpectedly, he bursts out and says that prosecution is not going to get Fleming, because he is going to get him. Kirkland tells the jury, "My client, The Honorable Henry T. Fleming, should go right to fucking jail! The son of a bitch is guilty!" The courtroom erupts and the presiding judge Rayford, the prosecution, and the others in the court room are enraged and flabbergasted at the turn of events, including Gail. The judge calls Kirkland "out of order," bangs his gavel to bring the court to order. Arthur replies, "You\'re out of order! You\'re out of order! The whole trial\'s out of order!" Arthur is dragged away, continuing to shout his rage all the way out the door and to criticize Fleming for his and the legal system\'s abuse of law and order that cost the lives of his two clients and let true criminals like Fleming go free to commit more crimes. As the courtroom spectators cheer for Arthur, Fleming sits down in defeat, and a fed-up Rayford walks out of his stand. In the end, Kirkland sits on the court\'s steps, all by himself, weary from his breakdown but satisfied, knowing his antics probably cost him his practice and career in law, but will presumably finally put Fleming in jail. His partner Jay, just released from the mental hospital, climbs up the long steps, tipping his toupee like a hat and greets him with a friendly "Hi, Arthur" and walks away and inside the court building.'] ['Jimmy "The Saint" Tosnia  is a dapper ex-gangster living in Denver. Once known as "the bitch\'s bastard" in Denver\'s crime scene, Jimmy has left the criminal world, attempting to "go straight" with his business "Afterlife Advice", where dying people videotape messages for loved ones. Jimmy\'s business isn\'t doing well and he is in debt to a local loan shark known as "New Orleans Sal." What Jimmy doesn\'t know is that his former boss, the local crime lord known as "The Man With the Plan"  has bought up his debt in order to command a favor from him. In exchange for forgiving Jimmy\'s debt, The Man With The Plan wants Jimmy to lead a crew on one last job. The Man With The Plan was rendered a quadriplegic some years ago in the wake of a failed attempt on his life. Left bitter and immobilized, The Man With The Plan is interested in helping his son, Bernard, a burgeoning pedophile who is still in love with an ex-girlfriend. The Man With The Plan believes that Bernard will be able to resume a relationship with this woman once her new boyfriend is out of the picture, and wants Jimmy to lead a crew in scaring off the man. They are to beat him up so that he dumps Bernard\'s ex. Initially reluctant, Jimmy takes the job when The Man With The Plan bribes and threatens him. Jimmy puts together a team made up of several old acquaintances from his criminal days, many of whom have also tried to leave the criminal life, with generally less than satisfying results. This team includes Franchise ([[William Forsythe , a grizzled biker, Easy Wind , an easy-going African American, and Pieces , a projectionist who has an unidentified disease which causes his digits to fall off. The last member of the team is Critical Bill , who works in a mortuary where he uses corpses as punching bags in order to "keep my powder dry." The plan is to have Pieces and Critical Bill pose as Denver police officers. They will pull their target over on the highway and, under the pretext of some sort of traffic violation, take him to a waiting trailer where Jimmy and Franchise will administer a beating. The plan begins to go wrong when their target turns out to be more observant and spirited than anticipated. He immediately becomes suspicious of Pieces and Bill\'s identity as police officers and begins to ridicule them. This enrages Critical Bill, who pulls out a knife and stabs the man in the throat. At this point, the commotion rouses Bernard\'s ex-girlfriend, who had been sleeping in the back of the target\'s van. She comes out and screams when she sees her boyfriend\'s dead body. Startled, Pieces shoots her dead with a handgun. The group realizes that they are in a terrible spot. What was supposed to have been a simple beating has ended up with them having two dead bodies on their hands, one of them someone looked on fondly by The Man With The Plan. They dispose of the bodies and Jimmy goes to see their employer. The Man With The Plan is furious at the outcome of their botched mission. He informs Jimmy that out of consideration for their past relationship he will allow him to live. However, the other members of the team have been sentenced to "buckwheats", which in the slang of the film means assassination in a particularly gruesome and painful manner . The group comes to terms with their own impending deaths as they are stalked by a mild-mannered, yet deadly hitman known as Mr. Shhh . Pieces accepts his fate, to which Shhh provides a quick death. Easy Wind goes into hiding with a gang lord named Baby Sinister , but is given up after Shhh infiltrates and kills most of Sinister\'s entourage. Franchise attempts to flee with his family but is killed. Shhh finally locates a shut in Critical Bill, but is ambushed in Bill\'s home and the two kill each other. In the wake of Mr. Shhh\'s death the contract falls to a trio of Mexican brothers, who attempt to track down Jimmy. In his last days, Jimmy says goodbye to a woman Dagney , he had fallen in love with. Knowing that he will most likely be killed, he murders Bernard for all the misery he indirectly brought upon the group. He also has sex with Lucinda , a prostitute with whom he has long been acquainted, in order to fulfill her wish of having a baby. As he narrates in an Afterlife Advice video that he leaves as a farewell message for his unborn child, Jimmy realized that the only way he could exact revenge on The Man With The Plan is through his son. The trio of killers catch up to Jimmy but he takes his death with grace. The man who had been narrating Jimmy\'s tale notes that while he died he still beat The Man With The Plan as he took away his only legacy; as such the crime boss never made another criminal act as he was completely broken. In the end, Jimmy and his dead friends are shown on a boat in the ocean, happily having "boat drinks".'] ['Paul  is a projectionist in a Detroit theater who is reading about the 16th century disappearance of the Roanoke Colony when the lights suddenly go out in the theater. He finds that all the staff and patrons have mysteriously vanished, leaving only their clothes and non-biological parts behind. He comes across a security guard who is holding a flashlight. As Paul had a headlamp on for his reading they deduce that people holding sources of light are protected against whatever dwells in the darkness. The guard\'s flashlight goes out, and he vanishes. As Paul investigates, his head lamp goes out as well. The following morning, news reporter Luke  wakes to find that there is no power in the building. After descending from his apartment, he notices that the doorman is missing and the paper is still the previous day\'s edition. People have completely vanished from downtown streets, now littered with abandoned cars and pieces of clothing. He heads to the news station to find his girlfriend, and it is later revealed that he discovered a recording which shows his girlfriend vanishing on air when the lights go out. The only thing he is able to recover is her ring. Three days pass, and Luke is alone trying to scavenge flashlight batteries or other sources of light. He briefly encounters a man who is taken by the darkness, before coming across a bar being powered by a backup generator. The bartender\'s young son, James , allows Luke to enter, followed soon after by another survivor, Rosemary . Rosemary proves distant due to the trauma of her baby disappearing during the blackout, while James is convinced that his mother is at a church down the street and will soon return. They hear a man outside, and see Paul, who has mysteriously ended up under the lit sign of a bus stop across the road. Luke leaves the safety of the bar to recover him and Paul reveals that he had been taken by the darkness, but the headlight that he had on had activated and he had found himself in the street three days later. Due to Paul\'s massive concussion, Rosemary says that they need to find a hospital, and Luke suggests going to Chicago, where he saw a recording of a man just before the power went out at the news station three days prior. Paul tells them about the mystery of the Roanoke Colony where over a hundred settlers disappeared overnight, and they seem to be experiencing the same sort of occurrence. He tells them that the word "CROATOAN" was found carved into a tree at the site of the empty colony when the next ship arrived. With the generator running down due to extended use, they realize it is only a matter of time before the power goes out on them. Luke comes up with a plan to take one of the nearly dead trucks on the street and feed power to it with the generator. He and Rosemary leave to obtain one, nearly getting caught in the darkness when the vehicle breaks down and they lose the light. Rosemary hears a baby crying in the dark, ignoring Luke\'s warnings that it is the darkness trying to trick her, she is lured under a solitary street light, and the lamp goes out taking her with it. At the bar, James goes to get Paul some water, and the drain on the power causes the lights to flash out. Wearing a glow-stick necklace, James is safe, but Paul vanishes from the pool table on which he is lying. Luke manages to push a truck back to the bar, and he escapes with James use the generator to get the truck started. As they pass the church up the block, James gets out to find his mother. Luke leaves, but after a conflict of conscience, and seeing the word "CROATOAN" carved into a sign hanging off a bridge, he returns, using the high beams from the truck to fend off the darkness. When Luke gets out of the truck to get James, the car battery dies and Luke too disappears. As James cowers under the glow of candles, which begin to go out, he pleads with the darkness "I exist." and all but one candle goes out. James wakes to daylight and sees the last candle had been burning all night. A little girl, Briana , appears and insists that James is sleeping on her bed, but urges him to stay with her. She shows him her flashlight, which is solar powered, allowing it to stay on all night without having to search for new batteries. As they leave the church, they encounter a police horse eating spilled apples on the ground and decide to take it to Chicago. As the sun sets on the children leaving the city, the camera pans to the bar, casting the shadows of Luke, Paul and Rosemary watching the two leave as the darkness falls. As it gets dark, Briana\'s light comes on, ensuring their protection against the darkness as they begin their journey.'] ['A redneck officer  is put in charge of a squad of all black troops charged with the mission of securing an important hydro dam in Nazi Germany. Their failure would delay the Allied advance into Germany, thus prolonging the war. These African-Americans had been relegated to cleaning latrines and therefore have little real military training, but Captain Beau Carter has no choice. He leads the rag-tag unit to secure the dam and the men reveal themselves as heroic.'] ['Socialite Claire Gregory  attends a party and art show sponsored by one of her oldest friends, Winn Hockings . Accompanying her is her straitlaced boyfriend named Neil Steinhart . In another part of town, there is a party for newly appointed detective Mike Keegan . Winn makes a little fun of Neil and Claire defends him. Winn then asks Claire to meet him in the basement for a special preview. Meanwhile, the friend is accosted by a former partner called Joey Venza . He is angry because Winn had not come to him to borrow money for his new art studio. After a short argument, he stabs Winn to death. Claire witnesses the killing as she steps out of the elevator; she screams and is spotted by Venza. He pursues her, but she manages to get back into the elevator just in time. The police are called in and the new detective Keegan is there. He immediately falls for Claire. Along with fellow cops, he is assigned to protect Claire until she can make a positive ID of Venza  and testify in court. Keegan is determined to protect Claire and goes to extremes to do so. Venza makes numerous threats and attempts on her life, nearly succeeding at one point. Keegan and his wife Ellie  separate over his involvement in the case. He and Claire acknowledge their love but Keegan cannot bring himself to simply abandon his family. At the end, Venza, who draws out Keegan by taking his family hostage, is shot by Ellie and killed. Claire breaks up with her staid boyfriend and intends to go to Europe to get over Keegan, who returns to his wife and son.'] ['{{Plot}} Shaft, a private detective, emerges from the New York City subway and walking through Times Square, with scenes characterizing early 1970s New York. Shaft visits a shoeshine parlor, and is informed that some gangsters are looking for him. Police Lt Vic Androzzi meets Shaft outside the parlor; and unsuccessfully tries to get information from him on the two gangsters. After Lt Androzzi leaves, Shaft spots one of the men waiting for him in his office building. He commandeers the first gangster, forcing him into his office where the second gangster is waiting. After a quick fight, Shaft throws one of them out the window; while the other surrenders and reveals to him that Bumpy, the leader of an uptown gang, wanted to meet Shaft and knock him out at his office. At the police station, Shaft lies to Lt. Androzzi and his superior about the fight by saying that his friend got into an "accident". He is allowed to return to the streets for 48 hours. Shaft arranges a meeting with Bumpy, the leader of these gangsters, in his office. It turns out Bumpy\'s daughter has been kidnapped, and Shaft is asked to get her back safe. Shaft starts his investigation by looking for a man named Ben Buford, who is revealed to have been part of "the movement" with Shaft years ago, and eventually finds out that Ben\'s group is holding a meeting. Shaft then returns home to his girlfriend where they make love. The evening of the meeting, Shaft is tailed by a fingerman to the meeting where an ambush ensues. Shaft and Ben escape from the carnage while Ben\'s group and the fingerman are murdered by unknown assailants. Ben confronts Shaft, thinking he was set up, but they refrain from fighting and move on. Shaft is told by Vic after the shooting that Shaft himself was the target, not Ben, and that there are brewing tensions between the "uptown" hoods belonging to Bumpy Jonas and the "downtown" Mafiosi, that have culminated in a couple of murders. Vic states those who know, know it\'s "hood against hood" on the inside, but the perception is black against white to the general public, with the possibility of things escalating into full-blown race war on the streets of the city. He also shows Shaft some pictures of two of the Mafia men who just got to New York. Vic pleads to Shaft to just clue him in to what\'s going on, though Vic already knew Bumpy was looking for Shaft. Shaft and Ben later meet Bumpy at his uptown office where Shaft ups the price for the job, based on his new-found information from Vic. Bumpy states that the reason for turning him on to Ben\'s is because Shaft is going to need an army to get his daughter back, and "Ben\'s got one". Shaft retires to the "No Name Bar", across the street from Shaft\'s apartment in Greenwich Village. In the bar, he notices two men there who look like the Mafiosi from the pictures Vic showed him, watching Shaft\'s apartment. Shaft takes over the bar from the bartender, and calls the cops without the two Mafiosi knowing. As the cops arrive to arrest the two men, one of them spits on Shaft\'s face to which he responds by breaking a bottle of scotch over the man\'s head. After spending the night with one of the ladies from the bar, Shaft visits Vic and the two Mafiosi the following morning. When Shaft returns home, he wakes the woman up, and as she leaves his place, she complains about his rotten manners out of bed, leading to a brief verbal spat. A few seconds after the woman leaves, Vic comes in echoing the woman\'s spat to Shaft. Vic tells Shaft that the room that he was in at the station house was bugged and he is supposed to bring him in for questioning, but instead leaves. Ben and Shaft go to the apartment where Marcy Jonas is being held to make sure she\'s alive. Once there, a gunfight ensues during which two hoods get killed and Shaft takes a bullet in the shoulder. At home where Shaft is getting medical attention from a doctor working underground with him , Shaft tells Ben to round up his men and meet him at the hotel where Marcy has been taken, to prepare to get her back. He also calls Bumpy to tell him that his daughter is fine and he is going to need some taxicabs to meet him at the same hotel for the getaway. As Shaft plan goes on it resembles a military commando-style operation, Ben\'s men all dress as workers at the hotel  as to not arouse suspicion during infiltration. Shaft and one of Ben\'s guys go to the roof and get set up to enter from the window of the room where Marcy is being held captive. Shaft\'s plan is to cause a distraction with an explosive thrown through the window of Marcy\'s room while Ben and his men come down the hall and deal with the Mafia men as they leave their rooms. The rescue plan is successful. Marcy is spirited out of the hotel into one of the waiting taxicabs; as the others get away in the remaining cabs, Shaft walks to a phone booth to call Vic. Shaft tells him his "case just busted wide open", to which Vic tells Shaft to close it for him. Shaft tells Vic that he won\'t and declares, "I guess you\'re gonna have to close it yourself ... shitty!" , howling in mockingly laughter and walking away as the closing credits begins to roll.'] ['Coming to the assistance of a nanny who is almost killed during a bungled hit-and-run assassination attempt, Richard Hannay  is surprised to find that there is no baby in her pram. Curious, he meets her at the Palace music hall where she has gone to see the act of Mr Memory ([[James Hayter . Afterwards, she goes back to Hannay\'s flat with him, where she reveals that she is a spy working for British Intelligence following a group called "The Thirty-Nine Steps"; all they know about their elusive leader is that he is missing the tip of a finger. The Thirty-Nine Steps are in possession of a set of top-secret plans for "Boomerang", a British ballistic missile project that could tip the balance of power in Europe. She tells Hannay that she must leave for Scotland immediately, but while Hannay is out of the room, she is killed by two hitmen. Fearing he will be accused of her murder, Hannay decides to continue her mission and catches a train to Scotland from King\'s Cross railway station, evading the hitmen outside his flat by adopting a cunning milkman disguise. During the journey, he has a chance encounter with Miss Fisher , a netball coach at a boarding school for girls. He is forced to pretend they are lovers to avoid the police detectives who boarded at Edinburgh. However, Miss Fisher gives him away and Hannay jumps from the stationary train on the Forth Bridge. He then meets Percy Baker , a helpful ex-convict lorry driver who advises him to stop at "The Gallows", an inn owned by Nelly Lumsden , who was once accused of practising the occult. She helps him pass the police patrols by disguising him in a cycle party she is accommodating and creating a diversion with her husband. Hannay eventually finds the house of the man he thinks he is looking for, Professor Logan ([[Barry Jones , but finds out that he has been tricked; the man is actually the spy ring\'s leader. He escapes and informs the police, but is not believed and has to jump out of the police station window. Hannay escapes in the back of a passing sheep transporter. He then poses as a lecturer in a Highland girl\'s boarding school, coincidentally where Miss Fisher works, and ending up giving a bizarre lecture on the Woods and the Wayside in August. Miss Fisher recognises him and he is again taken into custody, but this time by the two assassins posing as detectives. After he shouts out to Miss Fisher to telephone Scotland Yard about the Boomerang, the assassins are forced to take her with them. Hannay is handcuffed to Miss Fisher in a Ford Zephyr with the hitmen, who are taking them back to London. A burst tyre gives Hannay his chance to escape, but only having one hand to drive with, he crashes the car, forcing him to wander through the bleak Scottish Highlands handcuffed to Miss Fisher. Eventually, they chance upon a bed and breakfast run by Mrs MacDougal . Hannay hides their handcuffed condition and informs her that they are a runaway couple. While Hannay sleeps, Miss Fisher frees herself from the handcuffs, but then overhears their pursuers inquiring about them and about The Thirty-Nine Steps. She realises her error and goes back to help Hannay, telling him the final rendezvous for the conspirators. The finale is back in the Palace music hall where Hannay provokes Mr. Memory into telling him where "The Thirty-Nine Steps" are, just as the police arrest him. Mr Memory has used his formidable memory to memorise the Boomerang plans. However, before he can reveal the secret, Memory is shot by the ringleader and the secret is safe, as the main conspirators are either dead or in custody.'] ['Frank Carden  is a professional assassin who has been hired to kill a reclusive billionaire named Lydell Hammond, Sr., a vocal opponent of stem cell research. Carden\'s plan goes awry when he gets injured in a car accident and ends up in the hospital. When hospital staff see his gun, they call the police. They are able to peel away his false identity and Federal Marshals are called in to pick him up. Widower Ray Keene , a high school gym teacher, ex-cop, and well-intentioned but not very able dad to Chris . Ray belatedly realizes the need to bond with his son when the latter gets caught smoking marijuana, and takes him hiking in the wilderness. Carden is being driven through that same wilderness by the Marshals, but his men stage a rescue attempt. Most of the Marshals end up dead; the car crashed and the surviving Marshal asks Keene to take the prisoner to the authorities and then dies of his injuries. Ray and Chris have to get Carden out of the wilderness and hand him over to the authorities. Carden\'s men, highly-skilled ex-military thugs, track them down to rescue Carden and kill the Keenes. The pursuit brings a couple, Sandra and Lochlan  into the crossfire, with Lochlan being killed as collateral damage from Carden\'s men. In a tense standoff in a cabin in the woods, Carden\'s friends turn up and Keene agrees to let Carden go. Just at that moment, one of Carden\'s thugs bursts in and punches Chris, causing Keene to panic and kill both thugs, sustaining critical wounds in the process. Carden escapes, taking Chris as a hostage while Sandra and Keene are rescued by the local police. Feeling defeated and resting at home, a televised news report echoes an earlier conversation about Carden\'s job description with the key phrase "exterminating obstacles to progress", making Keene aware of Carden\'s intended target. Keene heads to the funeral of Hammond, Jr. to intercept Carden, and inadvertently saves Carden from an attempted assassination from Carden\'s recent recruit, Davis . Carden gets the upper hand on Davis, killing him with his own sniper rifle. However, the battle forces Carden to miss his own window of opportunity to assassinate Hammond, Sr. Carden relents in giving Keene a set of keys to a hotel room where Carden locked up Chris, letting father and son reunite while he disappears. In Washington, D.C., Carden intercepts his mission handler, Miles , aware of her role in hiring Davis to kill him. Carden threatens to pursue her if any harm were to come to the Keene family. Two weeks after the incident, Keene enters into a relationship with Sandra and holds a family barbecue, expressing disbelief in hearing a radio news report about Hammond, Sr. dying in a boating accident, realizing that Carden finished his contract kill.'] ["Coffin Rock is a story about a married couple who are trying to start a family without any success. The husband's reluctance to seek medical help leaves the wife frustrated at being childless. After a drunken night at a bar with her friend, she returns home upset to find a drifter  is there with a baby Roo. This stirs emotions in Jessie, and she turns her affections towards him in a moment of unhappiness. This one time encounter resulting in brief sex, though she asks him to stop midway he continues on. The drifter becomes increasingly obsessed with her. Later Jessie discovers she is pregnant, not knowing for sure who the father is. On discovering she is pregnant she tells her husband, who inturn tells his friends, and the news spreads through the town to the drifter Evan who knows he could be the father. This intensifies his obsession for her and his violence toward others. Motivations to Evan's behavior are hinted at through imaginary phone calls to his father. Flashbacks indicate his father was wheelchair bound and that Evan killed him."] ['Caron is a wealthy, reclusive widow who enjoys controlling every aspect of her servants\' lives. When she falls for a dashing gentleman suitor and makes friends with a young dancer, things begin to turn out for the better. However, when she begins to suspect that her gentleman caller is cheating on her, she snaps and slips into an "alternate reality of violence, sex and paranoia".'] ['Dan Gallagher  is a successful, happily married New York attorney living in Manhattan when he meets Alexandra "Alex" Forrest , an editor for a publishing company, through business. While his wife, Beth , and daughter, Ellen , are out of town for the weekend, he has a passionate affair with Alex. Though he thought it was understood to be a simple fling, she begins clinging to him. Dan explains that he must go home and Alex cuts her wrists in a suicide attempt. He helps her to bandage them and later leaves. He thinks the affair is forgotten, but she shows up at various places to see him. She waits at his office one day to apologize and invite him to the opera, but he turns her down. She then continues to telephone until he tells his secretary that he will no longer take her calls. She then phones his home at all hours, and then confronts him saying that she is pregnant and plans to keep the baby. Although he wants nothing to do with her, she argues that he must take responsibility. She shows up at his apartment  and meets Beth, feigning interest as a buyer. Later that night, he goes to her apartment to confront her about her actions which results in a violent scuffle. In response, she replies that she will not be ignored. Dan moves his family to Bedford, but this doesn\'t deter Alex. She has a tape recording delivered to him filled with verbal abuse. She stalks him in a parking garage, pours acid on his vehicle, and follows him home one night to spy on him, Beth, and Ellen from the bushes in their yard; the sight of their family life literally makes her sick to her stomach. Her obsession escalates further. Dan approaches the police to apply for a restraining order against her , to which the lieutenant claims that he cannot violate her rights without probable cause and that the adulterer has to own up to his adultery.  At one point, while the Gallaghers are not home, Alex kills Ellen\'s pet rabbit, and puts it on their stove to boil. After this, Dan tells Beth of the affair and Alex\'s pregnancy. Enraged, she asks him to leave. Before he goes, Dan calls Alex to tell her that Beth knows about the affair. Beth gets on the phone and warns Alex that if she persists, she will kill her. Without Dan and Beth\'s knowledge, Alex picks up Ellen at school and takes her to an amusement park, buying her ice cream as well as taking her on a roller coaster. Beth panics when she realizes that she doesn\'t know where Ellen is. She drives around searching and rear-ends a car stopped at an intersection and is slightly injured and hospitalized. Alex later drops Ellen off at the Gallaghers\' house, asking Ellen for a kiss on the cheek. Dan barges into Alex\'s apartment and attacks her, choking her and not too short of strangling her. He stops himself, but as he does she lunges at him with a kitchen knife. He overpowers her, but puts the knife down and leaves, with Alex leaning against the kitchen counter, smiling. He approaches the police about having her arrested, and they start searching for Alex to bring her in for taking Ellen. Following her release from the hospital, Beth forgives Dan and they return home. Beth prepares a bath for herself and Alex suddenly appears, again with the kitchen knife. She starts to explain her resentment of her, nervously fidgeting  and then attacks her. Dan hears the screaming and runs in, wrestles Alex into the bathtub and seemingly drowns her. She suddenly emerges from the water, swinging the knife. Beth, who went searching for Dan\'s gun, shoots her in the chest, killing her. The final scene shows police cars outside the Gallaghers\' house. As Dan finishes talking with the cops, he walks inside, where Beth is waiting for him. They embrace and proceed upstairs as the camera focuses on a picture of Dan, Beth, and Ellen.'] ['Marianne, a nightclub dancer, is on the run from vicious criminals. On her 21st birthday, she will inherit a vast fortune as well as some legal papers that will incriminate her father, a crooked judge. When her father invites Marianne to his estate in Portugal, a game of cat-and-mouse begins.'] ['The film follows the story of Sean Crawley ([[Chris McKenna , a struggling young man trying to make ends meet by painting houses in suburban Los Angeles. One day, Sean meets "Duke" Wayne , who introduces Sean to his boss, a shady developer named Ray Matthews . Ray hires Sean as a spy, and orders him to follow Eric Gatley , an accountant who has been investigating Ray\'s company. Problems start when Ray, while drunk, offers Sean $13,000 to kill Eric. Sean accepts his offer and, although ambivalent, ends up killing Gatley by breaking into his house and beating him to death. When Sean goes to collect his pay, however, he is double-crossed and when he insists that they pay him, he is kidnapped and taken to Ray\'s secluded farm. It emerges that Matthews never had any intention of paying Sean for the killing, for he only wanted to use and eliminate him. But Sean survives from having a bullet put in his head then reveals that he had taken Gatley\'s work file of evidence and hidden it along with his documentation of events leading to the murder. When torture fails to make him disclose the whereabouts of the file, Sean is then brutally beaten about the head with golf clubs many times by Ray and his henchmen daily for weeks, in an effort to destroy his memory. After suffering a heavy amount of trauma, Sean escapes, killing Duke, and finds his way to a downtown homeless shelter where Gatley\'s widow, Susan , takes him under her wing, oblivious to his role in her personal tragedy. After she nurses him back to normal, he feels he has been reborn and they become lovers and he moves into her house. But after a few weeks, Susan finds his file describing the murder and, enraged, physically attacks him. Defending himself, Sean accidentally kills her. Having lost what he saw as his redemption and rebirth, more angry and cynical than ever, Sean returns to Ray\'s farm and methodically and ruthlessly exacts revenge on his captors; having arrived before Ray, he finds Duke\'s body and decapitates it, removing the wounds that would implicate his involvement. While waiting for Ray, Sean burns Duke\'s head in a fire pit along with pictures of Susan, exclaiming that if it wasn\'t for him and his friends he could have had a happy life. He hides in the house while Ray\'s henchmen search for him. Sean jumps Carl upstairs and hits him in the chest with a sledgehammer and kicks him down the stairs, Carl lies on the floor unable to move from internal bleeding. Beckett comes into the house to find Carl, when Sean breaks his leg and hits his back, paralyzing him. With the two henchmen unable to move, he moves on to Ray, dousing him in gasoline and setting him on fire, he returns to the house to deal with the wounded Carl and Beckett, begging him for medical assistance and asking why. Sean simply replies asking if there needs to be a reason for his revenge. Sean turns the stove on and leaves the house, he changes Ray\'s shoes to make it appear that the trio were working on the house when an accident occurs. Sean lights one of Ray\'s shoes on fire and throws it in the house, Beckett and Carl scream and cry as Sean walks away from the house before it explodes, and the screen fades to black. The title of the film refers to an episode after the murder, when Sean and Duke are at the zoo and Duke is musing about the game of deciding which animal most closely resembles a person, not physically, but on a deeper level. After roughing Sean up to discourage him from pursuing his quest for payment, he disparagingly remarks that he\'s found which animal resembles Sean: an ant.'] ["Aboard a commercial airliner, U.S. Marshal Pete Nessip  and his brother Terry , a fellow marshal, are escorting prison inmate Earl Leedy , who is a computer wizard, to a high-security prison. When an apparent terrorist hijack attempt blows a hole in the airplane, Terry is sucked out to his death, and the terrorists parachute out of the same hole, taking Leedy with them. A devastated Pete is blamed for overreacting to the incident, and he is forced to turn in his badge. Pete believes that the assault may have been an elaborate prison break meant to free Leedy. But the FBI refuses to listen saying that the chances of sneaking a parachute through airport security and parachuting at 30,000 feet are impossible. Renegade skydiver and former DEA agent Ty Moncrief  is the mastermind behind the attack, which culminated in the first-ever parachute jump from a commercial jet at 30,000 feet. Ty plans to use Leedy to hack into the DEA mainframe computer in Washington DC so Ty can auction off the names of undercover agents to drug cartels worldwide. Ty has scheduled this to be accomplished during an Independence Day parachute exhibition and fireworks display, which is the one day every year when security is loosened around the airspace above Washington DC. Because skydiving played a part in the airplane hijacking, Pete finds his way to Jessie Crossman , a world-class skydiver and ex-con, whose ex-husband Jagger, unknown to all, is part of Ty's crew. Jessie agrees to train Pete how to skydive, if he will sponsor her team for the parachute exhibition. When Jessie's parachuting friend Selkirk  is severely injured after using a faulty parachute that Ty had intended for Jessie to use, Pete is appointed to take Selkirk's place. When Jagger is found dead, tangled in some high-voltage power lines, it is obvious that his death was a murder engineered by Ty, and with Pete's help, Jessie now is seeking revenge on Ty. When Pete discovers Ty's plan to hack into the DEA mainframe, the rest of the parachuting team agrees to help Pete with the situation. On the night of the Independence Day exhibition, Jessie sneaks into Ty's parachuting plane, holding them at gunpoint in order to determine an explanation for Jagger's death. but Ty's men kick her outside and then parachute out, Jessie now managing to grab hold of the plane door bar lets go on a free fall just as Pete and the parachuting team arrive and rescues her, floating down safety to the roof of the DEA mainframe office building where Ty has already arrived. Pete tries to find access to the DEA mainframe control room, eliminating Ty's men one by one, with the help of the parachuting team. He breaks in and holds Leedy  as hostage. Ty, having kidnapped Jessie, appears and threatens to kill her unless Pete releases Leedy. A fight breaks out between Pete and Ty that results with both of them go falling out the building window. Luckily, Pete opens his emergency parachute as Ty tumbles to his death. Pete lands safely on the ground and is escorted away by paramedics, but spots Leedy wearing a DEA jacket leaving the scene, one of the team members, Swoop  leaps from the building parachuting down onto Leedy stopping him in his tracks. Pete tells Jessie that in a few years he will try skydiving again."] ['New York City police detective Mark McPherson  is investigating the murder of beautiful, and highly successful, advertising executive, Laura Hunt . Laura has been killed by a shotgun blast to the face, just inside the doorway to her apartment, before the start of the film. He interviews charismatic newspaper columnist Waldo Lydecker , an imperious, decadent dandy, who relates how he met Laura, became her mentor, and used his considerable influence and fame to advance her career. McPherson also questions Laura\'s parasitic playboy fiancé, Shelby Carpenter , her wealthy socialite aunt, Ann Treadwell , who\'d been carrying on with Carpenter and giving him money, and her loyal housekeeper, Bessie Clary . Through the testimony of her friends, and the reading of her letters and diary, McPherson comes to know Laura and slowly becomes obsessed with her, so much so Lydecker accuses him of falling in love with the dead woman. He also learns that Lydecker was jealous of Laura\'s suitors, using his newspaper column and influence to keep them at bay. One night, the detective falls asleep in Laura\'s apartment, under her portrait, and is awakened by the sound of someone entering the apartment. He is shocked to discover it is Laura. Laura finds a dress in her closet belonging to one of her models, Diane Redfern. McPherson concludes that she, Diane Redfern, was the victim, brought there by Carpenter, while Laura was away in the country. Now it becomes even more urgent to unmask the murderer. A party is thrown to welcome Laura\'s return. At the party, McPherson arrests Laura for the murder of Diana Redfern. Upon questioning her, he is convinced of her innocence and that she does not love Shelby. He returns her to her apartment, and then goes to search Lydecker\'s apartment. There he finds a clock that is identical to the one in Laura\'s apartment. On closer examination he finds a secret compartment. He returns to Laura\'s apartment. Lydecker is there and it is apparent there is a growing bond between Laura and the detective. Lydecker insults McPherson and is sent away by Laura. After Lydecker has left, McPherson examines Laura\'s clock and finds the shotgun that killed Diane. Laura is confronted with the truth that Lydecker was the murderer. McPherson locks Laura in to her apartment, warning her not to let any one in. After he has left, Lydecker gains access to the apartment. Lydecker attempts to kill Laura, claiming if he cannot have her, no one can. He is shot down by McPherson\'s sergeant, who had told McPherson that Lydecker had never left the building, causing the two policemen to return to the apartment. Lydecker\'s last words are: "Goodbye, Laura. Goodbye, my love."'] ['Set in the fictional English village of St. Mary Mead, home of Miss Jane Marple , in 1953, a big Hollywood production company arrives to film a costume movie about Mary, Queen of Scots and Elizabeth I with two famous movie stars, Marina Rudd  and Lola Brewster . The two actresses are old rivals who hate each other. Marina, who is making a much heralded comeback after a prolonged "illness" and retirement, when she, in reality, has had a nervous breakdown, and her husband, Jason Rudd , who is directing the movie they are making, arrive with their entourage. When she learns that Lola will be in the movie as well, she becomes enraged and vents her anger. Lola and her husband, Martin N. "Marty" Fenn , who is producing the movie they are making, then arrive. Excitement runs high in St. Mary Mead, as the locals have been invited to a reception held by the movie company in a manor house, Gossington Hall, to meet the celebrities. Lola and Marina come face to face at the reception and exchange some potent and comical insults, nasty one-liners, as they smile and pose for the cameras. The two square off in a series of hilarious and cleverly written and performed cat-fights throughout the movie. Marina however, has been receiving anonymous death threats. After her initial exchange with Lola at the reception, she is cornered by a gushing, devoted fan, Heather Badcock , who bores her with a long and detailed story about having actually met Marina in person during World War II. After recounting the meeting they had all those years ago, when she arose from her sickbed to go and meet the glamorous star, Babcock drinks a cocktail that was made for Marina and quickly dies from poisoning. The incident is unfortunate for Marina\'s mental state, and she is beside herself. Everyone is certain she was the intended murder victim. Once filming begins on the movie, she discovers that apart from threatening notes made up of newspaper clippings, her cup of coffee on the set has also been spiked with poison, sending her into fits of terror. The police detective from Scotland Yard investigating the case, Inspector Dermot Craddock , is baffled as he tries to uncover who is behind the attempt on the life of the actress and the subsequent murder of the innocent woman. The suspected are Ella Zielinsky , Jason\'s production assistant who is secretly having an affair with him and would like Marina out of the way, and the hotheaded actress Lola Brewster. Inspector Craddock asks his aunt, the renowned amateur detective Miss Jane Marple, who injured her foot at the reception and is confined to her home, for assistance. The main suspect, Zielinsky, is then killed by a lethal nose spray after going to a pay phone in the village, where she called the murderer and threatened to expose him. Miss Marple, now back on her feet, visits Gossington Hall, where Marina and Jason are staying, and views where Babcock\'s death occurred. Working from information received from her cleaning woman, Cherry Baker (played by [[Wendy Morgan , who was working as a waitress the day of the murder, the determined elderly sleuth begins to piece together the events of the fatal reception and solves the mystery. By the time she has collected all the evidence to indicate who committed the crime, however, another death occurs at Gossington Hall, which sadly closes the case on who the murderer in St. Mary Mead actually is: Marina Rudd, who has apparently committed suicide. In the film\'s denouement, Miss Marple explains the murders that have occurred. Heather Babcock\'s story was Marina\'s initial motive. Ms. Babcock suffered from German measles — a rather harmless disease to most adults, but problematic for a pregnant woman. Heather Babcock innocently infected Marina when she met her during World War Two. Marina was pregnant at the time; the disease caused her child to be born with mental retardation. Upon hearing Heather cheerfully tell this story, Marina was overcome with rage and poisoned her without thinking. She then spread the idea that she was the intended victim, delivering the death threats and poisoning her own coffee. Ella, who made phone calls to various suspects from the pay phone, accidentally guessed correctly, prompting Marina to murder her. As Marina is now dead, she will not be brought to justice. Jason, her devoted husband, confesses to Miss Marple that he actually administered the dosage of poison to save her from prosecution. However, Marina didn\'t touch the hot chocolate he made for her and rather poisoned herself.'] ['In 1961, the Soviet Union launches its first ballistic missile nuclear submarine, the K-19 — nicknamed "The Widowmaker" due to the many deaths that occurred during its construction. The ship is led by Captain Alexei Vostrikov , aided by executive officer Mikhail Polenin . Polenin, the original captain, and the crew have served together for some time but Vostrikov\'s appointment is alleged to have been aided by his wife\'s political connections . During his first inspection, Vostrikov discovers the submarine\'s reactor officer to be drunk and asleep on duty. Against Polenin\'s advice that the man is "the best reactor officer in the fleet", Vostrikov sacks the officer and orders Polenin to request a replacement. The new reactor officer  arrives direct from the naval academy and has never been to sea. Also, during the preparation period for the sub\'s launch, the ship\'s medical officer is killed when struck by an oncoming truck, and is subsequently replaced by a naval doctor  who, while being a longtime veteran, also has never served at sea, and has no experience in radiologically based illnesses. During the K-19\'s official launch, the bottle of champagne fails to break when it strikes the bow; the sailors nervously glance at each other due to this customary sign of bad luck. K-19 puts to sea for her trials. Vostrikov orders a series of diving maneuvers during which he directs Polenin to simulate a number of emergencies including fires and flooding while he times the crew\'s response. He is not happy with their performance. There are a number of minor accidents during these exercises which result in injuries to crew members. In addition, Vostrikov points out to Polenin that the crew are too slow and slipshod in their reaction and completion of these exercises. The crew begin to grumble about Vostrikov\'s demanding orders and authoritarian manner, but Polenin silences them when he visits the crew\'s quarters: "I heard there\'d been some complaining. I thought, \'Not from my crew. Not on my boat\'." Meanwhile, Vostrikov blames the officers for the crew\'s under-performance, accusing them of being soft on the men and lacking leadership. The crew\'s performance improves and Vostrikov decides to carry out the K-19\'s first mission, which is to surface in the Arctic and fire an unarmed  ballistic missile. Vostrikov orders the K-19 to submerge to maximum operational depth , then surface rapidly at full-speed to break through the Arctic pack-ice which he estimates to be no more than one metre thick. Polenin regards this maneuver as dangerous and, during the surfacing procedure, storms off the bridge. After scraping along the underside of the ice, the K-19 finally breaks through and surfaces with no apparent damage. The test missile is launched successfully and the crew are both relieved and exhilarated by Vostrikov\'s bold maneuver. The crew are allowed some time off during which they play football on the ice and a group photograph is taken. Talking privately with Polenin, the submarine\'s political officer, Suslov, expresses some confidence in Vostrikov, but Polenin asserts that the captain was "lucky today, that\'s all." K-19 then receives new orders, to sail down through the North Atlantic and patrol off the US east coast "between Washington and New York." As the K-19 sails southwards, a pipe carrying coolant to the reactor cooling system springs a leak and then bursts completely. The control rods are inserted to stop the reactor, but without coolant the reactor temperature continues to rise rapidly. Polenin and the reactor officer, Radtchenko, are shocked to discover that back-up coolant systems have not been installed. Vostrikov orders the K-19 to surface so that he may contact fleet command to inform them of the accident and await orders. But upon surfacing they discover the long-range transmitter on the conning tower is damaged and they are unable to contact fleet headquarters — Vostrikov assumes, ruefully, his surfacing maneuver in the Arctic caused the antenna damage. The reactor crew discuss options. Radtchenko informs them that if the reactor temperature exceeds 1000° Celsius it will result in a catastrophic explosion and may trigger the detonation of the submarine\'s nuclear warheads as well, and they estimate that they have three to four hours before this happens. The other option is that they try to cool down the reactor by opening it, they will be directly exposed and the whole crew would die from the radiation poisoning. Some suggest sending out a distress call on the submarine\'s short-range transmitter and abandoning and scuttling the ship. Vostrikov refuses to consider such an idea. Pavel Loktev, the senior reactor technician, suggests piping the K-19\'s drinking water into the reactor with which to cool it. But in order to do this they need to construct a system of pipes to transfer the water. Vostrikov approves the plan and the crew work feverishly, cannibalizing the submarine to construct the piping system. The final phase requires sailors to enter the radiation-filled reactor room to weld the pipes together. In order to restrict exposure to the deadly, leaking radiation, they require three teams of two, working for no more than ten minutes at a time. Vostrikov calls for volunteers. Pavel and another crewman, Anatoly Zubachev, volunteer to be the first team, but Vostrikov has to order others into the reactor. He orders Radtchenko in as part of the last team, to inspect the success of the welds. Polenin and the radiation safety officer then discover the K-19 has no radiation suits, only chemical suits. "They might as well wear raincoats!", exclaims Polenin. Nevertheless, with no other option, he lies to the men and tells them the chemical suits will protect them. The first team enter the reactor and begin welding. Emerging ten minutes later and removing the suits, they are both suffering from severe radiation poisoning and are carried to their quarters where the doctor attends to them. The second team enters. Meanwhile, on the bridge, the captain, officers, and crew monitor the reactor temperature which is climbing steadily. In the reactor room, the second team emerges just as badly poisoned as the first and are carried away. It is time for the third team to go in, but Radtchenko is overcome with fear and cannot bring himself to enter the reactor. Chief engineer Gorelov volunteers to go in his place. They complete the welding and to everyone\'s relief the reactor temperature begins to fall — the plan seems to have worked. But the submarine is beginning to fill with radiation as the reactor door is now breached, to allow the coolant pipe access. Polenin wants to seek help from a nearby NATO base on Jan Mayen. Vostrikov refuses to surrender his boat or crew and orders the K-19 to sail towards the USSR, under radio silence, in the hope that they will meet up with another Soviet submarine; Polenin is doubtful this plan will succeed as it relies on luck. Vostrikov is informed that a helicopter is approaching; he and some of the crew climb out onto the deck, thinking a Russian ship has come to save them, only to discover that it is a US Navy helicopter from a nearby US destroyer. The destroyer is asking if the K-19 requires assistance. Vostrikov orders a reply in the negative; the men on the deck notice a crewman in the helicopter photographing them, and they drop their trousers and bare their buttocks at him. The helicopter flies away. Vostrikov refuses to allow the Americans anywhere near K-19. The US destroyer follows them at a discreet distance. Demichev, the torpedo officer, meets with Suslov in private. He reminds the political officer that he is empowered to remove Vostrikov as captain, if he judges Vostrikov to be jeopardizing the mission. After a few hours and with no \'friendly\' ship sighted, the weld connecting the temporary coolant pipe to the reactor fails and the reactor temperature again begins to rise dangerously. Radtchenko dons a useless safety suit and enters the reactor alone to fix the broken weld. Vostrikov again orders the K-19 to submerge, rather than abandon ship, angering the men. As the K-19 dives some torpedo fuel, spilled when the torpedo was stripped for pipes, ignites resulting in a fire in the aft torpedo room. Polenin refuses the captain\'s order to implement the fire suppression system, which would kill the men fighting the fire, but goes forward to supervise the effort. When he is gone, Demichev and Suslov produce pistols and point them at Vostrikov, and the Suslov announces he is replacing Vostrikov with Polenin as captain of the submarine, and to surface immediately. Vostrikov is handcuffed to a ladder. With the torpedo room fire extinguished, Polenin returns and is told what has happened. "Good," he says and asks for Demichev and Suslov to hand over their weapons to him. They do so and Polenin immediately orders Vostrikov to be released and Demichev and Suslov to be placed under arrest. Polenin admonishes them for the attempted mutiny and re-affirms Vostrikov as the captain of the K-19. Vostrikov then attempts to re-order the crew of the K-19 to submerge, but Polenin interrupts him to say "Don\'t order them; ask them." Vostrikov explains the situation. If the reactor and the ballistic missiles explode while the K-19 is surfaced, the resulting nuclear blast will destroy not only the K-19 but also the nearby US navy ship and, most likely, the NATO base as well. As the K-19 has been unable to inform anyone in the outside world of her predicament, the United States, the Soviet Union, or anyone else will only know that a huge nuclear explosion has destroyed a U.S. warship and NATO base; that such a disaster could trigger World War III. The crew appreciate their wider duty and prepare to dive deep and scuttle the submarine. But Radtchenko has spent 18 minutes in the reactor successfully fixing the weld, and the temperature begins to drop again as Vostrikov himself drags the fatally poisoned officer from the reactor. Just as Vostrikov orders the men off the boat so that he can scuttle it, they are rescued by another Soviet submarine. Vostrikov wants to move his crew to the other submarine, away from the radiation, but permission is not granted. He moves the crew anyway. Polenin warns him that he will be sent to the gulag, just like his father, for disobeying orders. Vostrikov smiles and says, "It\'s a family tradition, isn\'t it?" Afterwards, during a formal inquiry of the events, Polenin speaks highly of Captain Vostrikov, and rebukes the convened tribunal for the hostile interrogations of both Vostrikov, and the radiation afflicted crew, even going so far as to say: "None of you...none of you...has the right to judge Captain Vostrikov. You weren\'t there! I was! He was our captain! He was my captain. And it would be an honor to sail under his command again." The inquiry acquits Vostrikov of any wrongdoing in the end, but he is never given command of another Soviet submarine again. An epilogue shows an aged Captain Vostrikov in 1989, putting on his dress uniform in a small flat and catching a train to meet up with Polenin. It is exactly 28 years after the accident; the Berlin Wall is shown to be coming down. Vostrikov grumbles about the inconvenience but Polenin informs him this is the anniversary of the day they were rescued. The commanders enter a cemetery where a number of the surviving K-19 crewmen are gathered by a gravesite. We learn that this is the first time the K-19 survivors have met since the incident; they were ordered never to meet or discuss the incident after the inquiry. Vostrikov is visibly moved as he greets the men and informs them that he nominated the men now dead of radiation poisoning  for the distinction of Hero of the Soviet Union, but was told they were not "worthy" of the title as they died not in battle, but as the result of an accident. The men drink a toast to their deceased comrades, and a flashback of the crew posing for the photograph on the ice is shown.'] ['A inmate named Salem  escapes from an insane asylum in the dead of winter. His destination is the house of his sister, Ester , and her husband, Anton . His quest is revenge as he sets about framing Anton because Salem feels he was set up for a horrendous axe murder two years previously. On the case is an Inspector , who must determine if Anton is really crazy for claiming he saw Salem outside of the asylum and discover if Salem was really framed.'] ["In 1945, John J. Macreedy , who lacks the use of his left arm, steps off the Southern Pacific passenger train at the desert hamlet of Black Rock. It is the first time the train has stopped there in four years. Macreedy is looking for a man named Komoko, but the few residents are inexplicably hostile. The young hotel desk clerk, Pete Wirth ([[John Ericson , claims he has no vacant rooms. The newcomer is none-too-subtly threatened by local tough Hector David . Reno Smith , the town's unofficial leader, informs Macreedy that Komoko, as a Japanese-American, was interned during World War II. Certain that something is wrong, Macreedy sees the town sheriff, Tim Horn , but the alcoholic lawman is clearly afraid of Smith. The veterinarian and undertaker, Doc Velie , advises Macreedy to leave town immediately. Smith lets slip that Komoko is dead.  Pete's sister, Liz , rents Macreedy a Jeep. Macreedy drives to nearby Adobe Flats, where Komoko lived. He finds the homestead burned to the ground. On the way back, Coley Trimble  tries to run him off the road. When Smith later asks, Macreedy informs him he lost the use of his left arm fighting in Italy. Macreedy tells him he found wildflowers at the Komoko place, leading him to suspect that a body is buried underneath. Smith reveals that he is virulently anti-Japanese; he tried to enlist the day after the attack on Pearl Harbor, but was rejected. Macreedy tries to telephone the state police, but Pete refuses to put the call through. Doc Velie admits that something terrible happened four years ago and that Smith has everyone too terrified to speak up. Velie offers Macreedy his hearse to leave town, but it will not start. Then Hector comes over and rips out the distributor cap and spark plug wires. Macreedy dictates a telegram to Hastings  addressed to the state police. While Macreedy is having lunch, Trimble picks a fight, but Macreedy uses judo and karate to beat him up and knock him out. Macreedy tells Smith that he knows Smith killed Komoko and that he was too cowardly to do it alone, so he involved Hector, Pete, and Coley. Macreedy heads to the hotel lobby, hoping that Smith and his men won't dare attack him in such a public place. Smith and his henchmen are already there. Hastings tries to give Smith a telegram, but Macreedy snatches it away and discovers that it is his own unsent message. Macreedy and Doc Velie demand that Sheriff Horn do something. When Horn tries to confront Smith, however, Smith takes his badge and gives it to Hector. Hector tears up the telegram. After Smith and Hector leave, Macreedy reveals that the loss of his arm had left him wallowing in self-pity, but Smith's attempt to kill him has given him strength again. Macreedy finally learns what happened after revealing that he came to Black Rock to give Komoko his son's medal. Komoko's son was a soldier serving in Italy and died in combat trying to save Macreedy. Komoko leased some farmland from Smith, who was sure there was no water there. However, Komoko dug a well deep enough to find water, and installed a windmill there. After Smith was turned down for enlistment after Pearl Harbor, he and the other men spent the day drinking, then decided to scare Komoko. The old man barricaded himself inside his home, but the men set the place on fire. When Komoko emerged ablaze, Smith shot him. Pete lures the watching Hector into the hotel office, where Doc Velie knocks him out. Liz drives Macreedy out of town in her Jeep, but stops in a canyon. Macreedy realizes he has been betrayed. When Smith starts firing at him, Macreedy shelters behind the Jeep. Liz rushes to Smith despite Macreedy's warning. Smith tells her she has to die along with the rest of his accomplices. He shoots her in the back when she tries to run. Macreedy finds a bottle and fills it with gasoline from the jeep's fuel line, creating a Molotov cocktail. When Smith climbs down for a better shot, Macreedy throws it, hitting the rock next to Smith and setting him on fire. Macreedy drives up to the town jail with the injured Smith and Liz's body. Velie and Horn rush out; they had mustered up enough courage to jail Hector David and Coley Trimble. The state police are called in. As Macreedy is leaving, Doc Velie requests Komoko's medal to help Black Rock heal. Macreedy gives it to him just before boarding the train."] ['"When Strangers Appear" is a psychological thriller including Radha Mitchell , Barry Watson  and Josh Lucas . When Beth  opens her remote roadside diner, she expects another slow day. But almost immediately, Jack , a handsome drifter burst in, bleeding and on the run. Within moments, the three surfers Jack claims are chasing him appear and the stage is set for a deadly game of cat and mouse as Beth must decide whom to trust and whom to fear. The film features the single \'Calling On\' from Weta in its soundtrack.'] ['The military sees itself only in Outpost being confronted with an overwhelming essence. Tom and Vic are military technicians, and video game freaks, smuggle a top-secret, virtual warfare program in a disused prison, there to experiment with them. But what should first be a cool thrill, becomes a deadly reality, a vengeful nature has manipulated the software and kidnapped all acting in the real world. When their companion Jess hears of this case, it begins a seemingly hopeless rescue mission and is also drawn into this virtual world, which can be just as deadly as real war. In the final level of this game, death awaits!{{cite web}}'] ['{{Incomplete}} Picking up where the original left off, narcotics officer Jimmy "Popeye" Doyle  is still searching for the elusive drug kingpin Alain Charnier . Orders from the captain send Doyle to Marseille, France, to track down the criminal mastermind and bust his drug ring. Once in France, Doyle is met by Inspector Henri Barthélémy , who resents his rude and crude crimefighting demeanor. Doyle then begins to find himself as a fish out of water in France, where he is matched with a language he cannot understand. Doyle is shown round the police station where he finds his desk is situated directly outside the gents toilets. He tells Barthélémy that he is not satisfied with this positioning and hopes it is not a joke at his expense. Barthélémy informs Doyle that he has read his \'file\' and is aware of his reputation in USA and especially hopes he has not brought a gun with him as it is strictly forbidden in France for visiting police officers from other countries to carry firearms. Doyle continues to struggle with the language and tries to order drinks in a bar. He eventually makes himself understood, befriending the barman in a local bar buying him drinks and they eventually stumble out of the bar together at closing time. Determined to find Charnier on his own, Popeye escapes his French escorts. While watching a beach volleyball match Charnier \'makes\' him as he is situated in a restaurant below. Charnier sends his henchmen to follow Doyle through the town and after a short game of cat and mouse they capture him and take him to a nearby hotel for interrogation. For several weeks, Doyle is injected with heroin in effort to force him into capitulation. Scenes of his growing addiction follow, including one in which when an elderly lady visits him in his befuddled state. She talks to him, declaring herself to be English, and how her son is "just like" him, while stroking his arm. Initially she seems compassionate to his plight, but a change in the camera angle reveals her \'track\' marks and that she is slowly removing his expensive-looking watch. Barthélémy has sent police to search for Doyle and as the raids close in on where Doyle is detained, he is dumped barely alive but addicted in front of police headquarters. Gritty scenes of resuscitation and drug reversal follow. In effort to save both his life and his reputation, Barthélémy immediately quarantines the abused and humiliated Doyle in the police cells and begins a long and agonizing cold turkey withdrawal from the heroin. Supervising his cure, and at his side with both emotional support and taunts questioning his toughness, Barthélemy ensures Doyle completes the cycle of physical withdrawal. When at length, well enough to be on his feet, Doyle starts back on the road to regaining his physical fitness. He searches Marseillles and finds the hideout/drug warehouse he was brought to  and sets it on fire. Doyle breaks into a room at the hotel and finds Charnier\'s henchmen whom he interrogates as to the whereabouts of Charnier. Doyle is joined by Barthelemy and other inspectors. The raid on Charnier and his henchmen is successful, but Charnier escapes. Doyle, in an epic foot chase of Charnier sailing out of Marseille Harbor on his yacht, takes his gun out, calls his name, and finally shoots Charnier dead.'] ["Honest cop Paul Sheridan  is tasked to recover $200,000 after a bank robbery. He and other officers maintain a 24-hour surveillance on Lona McLane , a girlfriend of one of the robbers. Sheridan quickly falls in love with Lona, who, when she finds out he's a policeman, tries to persuade him to kill Harry Wheeler  so the two can take off with the cash. He initially resists, but eventually agrees. After the killing, Sheridan finds that he also has to betray fellow detective Paddy Dolan and deceive partner Rick McAllister and their boss Lieutenant Eckstrom to cover his tracks. Almost all the action takes place at night in the U-shaped apartment building where Lona and a key eyewitness, neighbor Ann Stewart, both live."] ["The sequel to Motives picks up three years after the original. Emery Simms is a rarity--an innocent man in prison. On the outside, his ex-wife  is married to his best friend , and they're attempting to make a normal life. But Simms is killed in prison, and his brother Donovan  returns to discover the real reason for his brother's death. The web of lies and murder may prove just as poisonous to Donovan as it was to his late brother."] ['The film is set in a small Oregon town, where a brutal serial killer nicknamed the \'Oregon undertaker\' has been murdering and mutilating young women. Charlie  is an ex-teacher turned disaffected call center employee who\'s fired on his first day. Distraught on being unable to provide for his daughter Emily and policewoman wife Penelope , he\'s approached by former colleague Gus , an aspiring scam artist who presents Charlie with a seemingly snag-free plan to make some cash: blackmail Reverend Smalls who, despite being a man of the cloth, has frequently turned up in the company database of visitors to illegal porn websites. Gus plans on extorting money from Reverend Smalls, with the intention of publicly exposing his secret shame should he refuse to pay up. Normally cautious Charlie reluctantly agrees to play a part in the scam, confident that with the money he\'ll garner from the deal he\'d be able to turn things around for him and his family. When proud former teenage pageant queen Josie McBroom , Gus\'s scheming one-night stand, muscles in on the deal, their plan goes ahead. Josie convinces Charlie and Gus that she should make the call to Smalls, on the grounds that if either of them called, the police could trace their voices and connect them to the job, as the blind man would be able to say he saw  Gus at the store. The plan goes into action, and Gus goes to Smalls\' house where he is surprised by the Reverend, wielding a gun. From outside the house, two shots are heard. At the same time, Charlie explains the alibi at the bar, only to find out that the blind owner of the gas station is sitting right next to him; it was his 80th birthday. Charlie runs away and goes to Smalls\' house, where he finds the Reverend dead. Scared, he drags the body outside, and dumps him into a nearby septic tank. He goes back inside the house, tries to call Josie, and upon finding Gus leaving the bathroom, learns that the Reverend shot Gus in the leg, explaining the blood near the corpse. After the first shot, Gus hit the Reverend over the head with a vase, leaving him alive but unconscious. Gus and Charlie leave the house to escape the scene of the crime, but Charlie remembers that he left Josie\'s card inside. They go back and get it, but in the process Gus stumbles upon a hidden DVD collection of the Reverend. They put one in, and find a video of the Reverend killing and cutting up a young girl. They try to flee the house, but are immediately met by a deputy police officer outside the door. The policeman explains that the Reverend was found dead, with three bullet holes in his head. Charlie lets in the policeman, who notices some blood on the floor. Charlie, in the kitchen, grabs a knife and cuts himself, and then goes back to the policeman to explain that he cut himself on a vase. Right before leaving, the policeman decides to see what Charlie had been watching, much to Charlie\'s protests. He presses play, and watches the beginning of a children\'s movie Gus had secretly switched in. Satisfied, he leaves the house, but finds marks in the ground that look like someone had been dragged. Charlie follows the policeman to the end of the drag marks, the septic tank. As Charlie is about to open it, Gus smashes a vase against the head of the deputy, who is promptly dragged inside. Inside, Charlie freaks out about the murder of the Reverend and the kidnapping of a policeman and leaves, where he is met by the Reverend\'s wife , who has a gun pointed at Charlie. They go back inside, where she explains that she shot the Reverend, and that she was going to meet her lover, Max, at the house so they could collect their $2,000,000 the real Reverend had left. Gus and Charlie explain that Max will not be seeing her, and she asks them where the 2 million dollars are, pointing a gun at the tied-up policeman. They frantically try to say that they don\'t know anything about the money, and right before she is about to shoot the deputy, Josie comes in and lodges an axe in the wife\'s head. As Charlie and Gus talk over what\'s been happening, Josie finds the money hidden in the Reverend\'s oven, and calls Charlie and Gus over. As they\'re looking at the stacks of hundred dollar bills, they hear cries of "help" from outside. The deputy has escaped through the front door, and, rolling himself along, is soon caught by the three. In his rolling, the deputy drops his badge, which Charlie picks up and puts in his pocket. They agree to dispose of the body of the wife, but the policeman, still alive, asks to use the restroom. Inside, he tries to escape through a window by jumping on the toilet, but slips, breaking his skull on the toilet, killing himself. Charlie, Gus, and Josie hide the bodies in suitcases and drive away to dispose of them, but soon get into an argument. Charlie reveals that the reason why he has been reeling off random facts is because of a neurological disorder. This problem with the neurotransmitter acetylcholine means that eventually his mind will become blank and explains why he was fired from his teaching position. After driving for a while Charlie realises that Gus, who had originally said he needed the money for his daughter\'s cornea operation, doesn\'t really have a daughter, and punches him. In this small fight, they nearly get into an accident with a fat man, who tries to call the police, but is persuaded by Gus to not do so. Charlie, Gus, and Josie drive away and get to their disposal point, only to find that one of the bodies is missing. They drive back and hit the Reverend\'s wife, who had jumped out of the car and was trying to get help. As they look over the body, two police officers show up, one of them being Charlie\'s wife, and quickly see the body. Charlie\'s wife tries to call her deputy, but it goes to voicemail, as her deputy is dead in the trunk of their car, unbeknown to her. Josie hurriedly patches up a story, but the three are taken to the station, where a special agent is waiting. Agent Hymes  happens to be the fat man the three almost got into an accident with, and examines the body with Gus and Josie, seeming to immediately patch together everything that happened, to Gus and Josie\'s horror. However, it turns out not to be the case and he lets them go. In the waiting room, Charlie finds his sleeping daughter, who couldn\'t be left alone at the house and was brought by his wife, and gives her his coat. Charlie, Gus, and Josie drive to a tar pit, where they plan to dispose of the bodies, but they find that the special agent has been following them. He gets angry at Gus for calling him fat before, and Gus swipes and stabs him with an insulin needle in the foot. The agent throws the gun up, which is caught by Charlie, who then points the gun at the agent. The agent then reveals that Josie is actually the Wyoming Widow; a murderer who befriended men and killed them with a small bit of whiskey, laced with highly concentrated thallium. She disregards it as nonsense, but Charlie and Gus make her empty her pockets, where they find the tell-tale flask of poison whiskey. They make her drink some, and she pretends to die, but begins laughing at their foolishness, as it isn\'t poisoned at all. They check for the agent, but he has disappeared, so they go out looking for him. Gus goes back to the car and tries to hide the money, but is caught by the agent, who complains of his lack of payment for what he does. He shoots Gus twice, killing him, and gets the money. In the mean time, Charlie\'s wife finds the badge of her deputy in her husband\'s coat, but drives to a bridge and throws it off, removing the evidence. The agent runs to his car, but is surprised by Josie, who was waiting in the back seat. They make him eat a very large sugary lollipop, highly dangerous because of his diabetes, and soon have him for dead. Charlie remarks on what monsters they have become, and is then faced by Josie, who has a gun trained on his head. She explains that she really is the Wyoming Widow, and then gives him the choice of the bullet or the poisoned whiskey. Charlie tells her not to spend all the money in one place, and drinks the whiskey, dying quickly, but not before he happily sees Josie discover that the bag is filled with nothing but his daughter\'s stuffed animals. At home, Charlie receives a message on his phone from a publishing firm in Seattle, Washington, regarding his book and offer him his dream job and an office. Also, his daughter, is seen drawing with marker on some of the hundred dollar bills next to several large stacks of money. Josie tries to hitch a ride away from Oregon, and finally gets one from an old man. The old man goes to the back to "double-check on something", and Josie takes out the poisoned whiskey. The old man covers a bloody leg with a tarp , and goes back into the truck to drive away with Josie.'] ['{{Cleanup-rewrite}} Hard Cash follows master thief Taylor , when he is released on parole. When working as a Paramedic, Taylor is called to an emergency at a betting office, when two armed robbers make their stand. As one gets shot, Taylor helps the female thief in need as they escape with the money. With the money hidden in the stretcher, an FBI agent  following and the marked money, how will they escape with the cash?'] ["Alice Barlow  is murdered by an unknown man, who then ransacks her house, looking for her valuable and famous rubies. The house remains empty for years, until newlyweds Paul and Bella Mallen move in. Bella  soon finds herself misplacing small objects; and, before long, Paul  has her believing she is losing her sanity. B. G. Rough , a former detective involved in the original murder investigation, immediately suspects him of Alice Barlow's murder. Paul uses the gas lamps to search the closed off upper floors, which causes the rest of the lamps in the house to dim slightly. When Bella comments on the lights' dimming, he tells her she is imagining things. Bella is persuaded she is hearing noises, unaware that Paul enters the upper floors from the house next door. The sinister interpretation of the change in light levels is part of a larger pattern of deception to which Bella is subjected. It is revealed Paul is a bigamist. He is the wanted Louis Bauer, who has returned to the house to search for the rubies he was unable to find after the murder."] ["The main character of the movie is Sara Novak, a college student who, along with comic book store owner named Vern , spend their time solving riddles. The movie takes a twist when the riddles lead to the death of her friend Jeremy , leaving Sara to fear whether she is someone else's game."] ['Emily Crane is fired after refusing to give names to a 1951 House Un-American Activities Committee, and takes a part-time job as companion to an old lady. One day her attention is drawn to a noisy argument being conducted largely in German in a neighbouring house, the more so since one of those involved is her main senator prosecutor. Starting to look into things, she gradually enlists the help of FBI officer Cochran who was initially detailed to check her out.'] ["The film takes place in the 1950s.Film Critic review Angel is a 15-year-old cheerleader who has her life all ahead of her. She falls in love with Tony Falcon, a drug dealing high school drop-out. A nighttime outing leads to trouble and Angel and Tony are caught. Although Tony is the only one who is sent to jail, Angel has it very hard as well. She is estranged from her parents and her friends refuse ever to talk to her. The family think it's for the best for them to move to new surroundings. Angel and her family move to a nice and quiet suburbia. She starts an entire new life and even falls in love with a new boy.The New York Times review However, she is soon in trouble when Tony escapes from jail and interrupts her sweet sixteen. He takes her away from her family and together they try to escape to Mexico. A chase follows, with the police and Angel's father trying to catch Tony."] ['The film begins with the screaming visage of a young blonde woman, framed against a sheet of glass, her golden hair illuminated. She is the latest victim of a serial killer known as "The Avenger", who targets young blonde women. That night, Daisy Bunting , a blonde model, is at a fashion parade where she and the other showgirls heard the news of the murder. The blonde girls are horrified; covering their hair with dark wigs or hats while Daisy laughs at their fears. She returns home to her parents, Mr and Mrs Bunting, and her policeman sweetheart, Joe , who have been reading the details of the latest Avenger crime in the day\'s paper. Later that same night a new tenant  arrives at the house of Mr. and Mrs. Bunting and inquires about the room they are renting. Mrs. Bunting  takes him to the room on the top floor of her house which is decorated with portraits of beautiful young women, all blondes. The man is rather reclusive and secretive, which puzzles Mrs. Bunting. However she does not complain after he willingly pays her a month\'s rent in advance, and asks only for bread, butter, and a glass of milk and to be left in peace. Mrs. Bunting leaves her new tenant and tells her husband the good news, showing him the small fortune she has been paid. Upon returning with the lodger\'s meal, she is surprised to find him turning all the portraits of the women around to face the wall, and he politely requests that they be removed. Mrs. Bunting enlists Daisy to remove the portraits, and upon first sight an attraction begins to form between Daisy and the lodger. The women bid him goodnight and return downstairs, where they hear the lodger\'s heavy footsteps as he paces the floor. Over the course of the following week, the relationship between Daisy and the reclusive lodger gradually heats up, and Joe, newly assigned to the Avenger case, begins to resent the closeness developing between them. The following Tuesday, Mrs. Bunting is awoken late in the night by the lodger leaving the house. She is suspicious and searches his room in his absence, finding a cupboard that has been locked tight. In the morning, another blonde girl is found dead just around the corner from their house. Joe and his fellow policemen, after weighing the latest clues, observe that the murders are moving towards the Buntings\' neighborhood. Meanwhile, Mrs. Bunting voices her fears to her husband that the lodger is the Avenger, and the two become fearful for Daisy\'s safety, agreeing to prevent her from spending further time alone with the stranger. Daisy remains oblivious to any danger, and the next Tuesday night, she and the lodger manage to sneak away on a late night date. Joe tracks them down, and confronting them, is told by Daisy that it\'s over between them. The heartbroken Joe is left to ponder his fortunes while the lodger and Daisy head home. As Joe sits, he begins to piece the events of the previous weeks together and convinces himself that the lodger is indeed the murdering Avenger. With a warrant in hand and two fellow officers in tow, Joe returns to search the lodger\'s room. In the locked cupboard they find a leather bag containing a gun, a map plotting the location of the Avenger\'s murders, newspapers and a photograph of an attractive blonde woman. Taking the lodger\'s emotional reaction as an admission of guilt, Joe surmises this woman was the Avenger\'s first victim. The lodger is arrested despite Daisy\'s protests, but manages to escape and runs off into the night. Daisy follows and finds him, still handcuffed, coatless, and shivering in the fog. He explains that the photograph found in his room was his sister, a beautiful debutante who was murdered by the Avenger at a dance she had attended with her brother. He then vowed to his mother on her deathbed he would not rest until he had brought the killer to justice. Daisy brings the lodger to a nearby pub to give him brandy to warm him, hiding his handcuffs with a cloak. The locals, suspicious of the pair, pursue them, quickly gathering numbers until they are a veritable lynch mob. The lodger is surrounded and beaten, while Daisy and Joe, who has just heard the news from headquarters that the real Avenger has been caught, try in vain to defend him. When all looks lost, a paperboy interrupts with the news that the real Avenger has been arrested. The mob releases the lodger who falls into Daisy\'s waiting arms.'] ["Callum Crane is in line for appointment to the federal bench during the same week he forces himself, while drunk, on a new secretary at his office who has firmly said no to him. It's also the same week Nathan Corrigan  goes to the city to meet his biological father, the same Callum Crane. They meet and before Nathan can tell Crane who he is, Crane offers him money to kill the secretary, who has threatened to go to the police. Nathan takes an envelope of cash and the woman's photo, tells friends about it, and throws away the envelope. One of the friends, who needs money, retrieves the envelope and sets out to kill the woman. Can Nathan stop the crime?"] ['Roger Ferris  is a CIA case officer in Iraq, tracking a terrorist called Al-Saleem . He meets Nizar, a member of the terrorist organization who is prepared to offer information in return for asylum in America. Despite his boss Ed Hoffman \'s objections, Ferris agrees to shelter Nizar. Nizar is used as a pawn to draw out the rest of his cell, when he is captured Ferris is forced to shoot him to prevent him from exposing Ferris\' identity. Furious at Hoffman\'s refusal to act on the information Nizar provided, Ferris and his associate Bassam  go to search a safehouse in Balad, Iraq, which Nizar had told them of. There, Ferris observes men burning records and attempts to bluff his way in, but is exposed. In the ensuing shootout and chase, Ferris and Bassam\'s vehicle is hit by an RPG. Ferris and some salvaged discs are rescued by helicopter but Bassam is killed in the explosion. Meanwhile, unknown terrorists plan to follow up off-screen bus bombings in Sheffield with more attacks in Manchester but blow themselves up when the police arrive at their house. Recovered from his injuries, Ferris is assigned to Jordan to continue searching for Al-Saleem, where he meets with Hani Salaam , head of the Jordanian General Intelligence Department. Hoffman finds an Al-Saleem safe house in Jordan and orders Ferris to surveil it. Simultaneously, Hoffman organizes another \'side operation\' via a local agency operative named Skip  and that he is to conduct an operation without Ferris\' knowledge. Skip employs the use of an agency asset, Ziyad Abishi who blows cover to a terrorist from the safe house, as he flees to inform his colleagues of their exposure, Ferris makes chase and kills him in such a place and manner that one might believe the death to be random. Salaam  corroborates the acceptance of killing by those whom remain at the safe house; and Ferris accuses Hoffman of running "side operations" which interfere and  undermine operational integrity of primary operation and tells Hoffman to stop. While going to the hospital to receive rabies shots for bites suffered during the pursuit and elimination of the terrorist, Ferris meets a nurse named Aisha , and he begins developing romantic feelings for her. The bombers strike again in an Amsterdam flower market, and kill at least 75 people. Having recognized one of the men living in the safe house as former small-time criminal Mustaffa Karami , Salaam takes Karami into the desert and coerces him into working for Jordanian intelligence, threatening to set him up as a collaborator if he does not co-operate. Hoffman asks Salaam to use Karami, but he refuses, believing a greater return will come later. Unknown to Ferris and Salaam, Hoffman tells Ferris\' CIA subordinate  to follow Karami and kidnap him. Karami escapes and notifies the terrorists in the safe house that it is being watched, and they abandon it. Ferris\'s partner is caught and Salaam accuses Ferris of having had knowledge of the move on Karami, and blames Ferris\'s duplicity with him for the destruction of the safe house. He exiles Ferris from Jordan. Ferris returns to Hoffman in Washington, and they devise a new plan to find Al-Saleem. Suspecting he is motivated more by pride than ideology, they stage a fake terrorist attack and set up Omar Sadiki , an innocent Jordanian architect, as its instigator, hoping Al Saleem will come out of hiding and attempt to contact him. Al-Saleem sees TV news coverage of the attack and takes the bait. Salaam invites Ferris back to Jordan and shares his suspicions that Omar Sadiki is a terrorist, though Ferris feigns ignorance. Ferris later tries to save Sadiki from being kidnapped by Al-Saleem\'s henchmen but fails and sees his partner nearly killed in the subsequent car crash. Under interrogation, Sadiki denies any knowledge of the attack though he is later found beaten and killed. Ferris goes back to his apartment and finds out that Aisha has been kidnapped. He desperately asks Salaam for help, admitting he fabricated Omar Sadiki\'s terrorist cell and the attack. Salaam refuses to help because of Ferris earlier having lied to him. Ferris offers himself in exchange to Aisha\'s kidnappers, and is brought to the middle of the desert, with Hoffman watching everything via a surveillance drone unmanned aerial vehicle. Ferris is surrounded by a group of SUVs, which circle him to create an obscuring dust cloud before picking him up. The dust cloud Hoffman\'s view, so that he cannot determine which of the SUVs, now headed in different directions, is carrying Ferris. Ferris is taken across the border to Syria where he is to be interrogated by Al-Saleem. When Ferris asks Al-Saleem about Aisha, he is told that someone has lied to him and that he has been double-crossed. Ferris tells Al-Saleem that there is an infiltrator  in his organization who works for Ferris, and that, by association, Al-Saleem works for Ferris. Al-Saleem does not believe Ferris, beats him, turns on a video camera and orders his execution. Salaam and his agents arrive at the last moment, saving Ferris\' life. Salaam visits Ferris in the hospital and reveals he had faked Aisha\'s abduction, and orchestrated Ferris\'s capture by Al-Saleem using Karami as a go-between. Having lost two fingers as well as the will to fight in this particular \'war\', Ferris goes off the grid and goes to see Aisha again.'] ['West Texas in June 1980 is desolate, wide open country, and Ed Tom Bell  laments the increasing violence in a region where he, like his father and grandfather before him, has risen to the office of sheriff. Llewelyn Moss , hunting pronghorn, comes across the aftermath of a drug deal gone awry: several dead men and dogs, a wounded Mexican begging for water, and two million dollars in a satchel that he takes to his trailer home. Late that night, he returns with water for the dying man, but is chased away by two men in a truck and loses his vehicle. When he gets back home he grabs the cash, sends his wife Carla Jean  to her mother\'s, and makes his way to a motel in the next countyThe sign in front of Moss\' trailer park indicates its location in Sanderson, the seat of Terrell County. Del Rio is the seat of Val Verde County, approximately 120 miles  from Sanderson. where he hides the satchel in the air vent of his room. Anton Chigurh  is a hitman who has been hired to recover the money. He has already strangled a sheriff\'s deputy to escape custody and stolen a car by using a captive bolt pistol to kill the driver. Now he carries a receiver that traces the money via a tracking device concealed inside the satchel. Bursting into Moss\' hideout at night, Chigurh surprises a group of Mexicans set to ambush Moss, and murders them all. Moss, who has rented the connecting room on the other side, is one step ahead. By the time Chigurh removes the vent cover with a dime, Moss is already back on the road with the cash. In a border town hotel, Moss finally finds the electronic bug, but not before Chigurh is upon him. A firefight between them spills onto the streets, leaving both men wounded. Moss flees across the border, collapsing from his injuries before he is taken to a Mexican hospital. There, Carson Wells , another hired operative, offers protection in return for the money. After Chigurh cleans and stitches his own wounds with stolen supplies, he gets the drop on Wells back at his hotel and kills him just as Moss calls the room. Picking up the call and casually raising his feet to avoid the spreading blood, Chigurh promises Moss that Carla Jean will go untouched if he gives up the money. Moss remains defiant. Moss arranges to rendezvous with his wife at a motel in El Paso to give her the money and send her out of harm\'s way. She reluctantly accepts Bell\'s offer to save her husband, but he arrives only in time to see a pickup carrying several men speeding away from the motel and Moss lying dead in his room. That night, Bell returns to the crime scene and finds the lock blown out in his suspect\'s familiar style. Chigurh hides behind the door of a motel room, observing the shifting light through an empty lock hole. His gun drawn, Bell enters Moss\' room and notices that the vent cover has been removed with a dime and the vent is empty. Bell visits his Uncle Ellis , an ex-lawman. Bell plans to retire because he feels "overmatched," but Ellis points out that the region has always been violent. For Ellis, thinking it is "all waiting on you, that\'s vanity." Carla Jean returns from her mother\'s funeral to find Chigurh waiting in the bedroom. When she tells him she does not have the money, he recalls the pledge he made to her husband that could have spared her. The best he will offer is a coin toss for her life, but she says that the choice is his. Chigurh leaves the house alone and carefully checks the soles of his boots. As he drives away, he is injured in a car accident and abandons the damaged vehicle. Now retired, Bell shares two dreams with his wife , both involving his deceased father. In the first dream he lost "some money" that his father had given him; in the second, he and his father were riding horses through a snowy mountain pass. His father, who was carrying fire in a horn, quietly passed by with his head down, "going on ahead, and fixin\' to make a fire" in the surrounding dark and cold. Bell knew that when he got there his father would be waiting.'] ["Johnny Clay  is a veteran criminal planning one last heist before settling down and marrying Fay . He plans to rob two million dollars from the money-counting room of a racetrack during a featured race. He assembles a team consisting of a corrupt cop , a betting window teller  to give access to the backroom, a sharpshooter  to shoot the favorite horse during the race to distract the crowd, a wrestler  to provide another distraction by provoking a fight at the track bar, and a track bartender . George Peatty, the teller, tells his wife Sherry  about the impending robbery. Sherry is bitter at George for not delivering on the promises of wealth he made her at the time of their marriage, and George hopes that telling her about the robbery will placate and impress her. Sherry does not believe him at first but, after learning that the robbery is real, she enlists her lover Val Cannon  to steal the money from George and his associates. The heist is successful, although the sharpshooter is shot and killed by the police. The conspirators gather at the apartment where they are to meet Johnny and divide the money. Before Johnny arrives, Val appears and holds them up. A shootout ensues and a badly wounded George is the sole survivor. He goes home and shoots Sherry before dying. Johnny, on his way to the apartment, sees George staggering in the street and knows that something is wrong. He buys the biggest suitcase he can find to put the money in , and he and Fay go to the airport. At the airport however, they are told that they aren't allowed to take the suitcase along as hand luggage because of its size, and instead have to check it in as regular luggage. Johnny reluctantly complies. While waiting to board their plane, they watch as the suitcase falls off a cart, breaks open and the loose banknotes are swept away by the wind. They leave the airport but are unsuccessful at finding a cab. Fay urges Johnny to flee but he refuses, stating that there is no use trying to escape. The film ends with two officers coming to arrest him."] ['Okwe is a Nigerian man who drives a cab in London during the day and works at the front desk of a hotel at night — chewing khat  to keep awake. Okwe was formerly a doctor in Nigeria. In London, he is pressed into giving medical treatment to other poor immigrants — including fellow cab drivers with venereal diseases. Okwe\'s friend Guo Yi, an employee at a hospital mortuary, provides him with antibiotics under the table. A prostitute known as Juliette tells Okwe to check a room in which she was staying and he finds the toilet overflowing. While fishing out the blockage, he finds a human heart. The manager of the hotel, Juan, runs an illegal operation at the hotel wherein immigrants swap kidneys for forged passports. After learning of Okwe\'s past as a doctor, Juan pressures him to join his operation as a surgeon, but Okwe refuses. Okwe shares an apartment with Senay, a Turkish woman who works as a maid in the same hotel. The two immigrants form a friendship, but their situation becomes complicated when immigration police begin to chase her and suspect that she is working against the terms of her status. Okwe moves out of Senay\'s flat and Guo Yi illicitly lets Okwe have some space in the hospital mortuary for accommodation. Senay quits her job at the hotel and takes a job in a clothing sweatshop. However, after two days at her new job she has to hide from immigration police, who visit the sweatshop. Using this as blackmail, the sweatshop owner solicits sexual favours from her. In the second or third instance however, she bites his penis while administering oral sex and flees. She leaves her apartment and runs to Okwe, who hides her in the mortuary. In desperation, Senay then turns to Juan and agrees to exchange a kidney for a passport. As a "deal maker", Juan takes her virginity as well, and later Juliette provides her with the morning-after pill. After learning of Senay\'s plan, Okwe tells Juan that he will perform the operation to ensure her safety, but only if Juan provides them both with passports. However, Okwe and Senay drug Juan instead, surgically remove his kidney and sell it to Juan\'s contact. The film ends with Senay and Okwe at Stansted Airport, where Okwe must return to his young daughter, Valerie, in Nigeria  while Senay follows her dream to start a new life in New York City. Before they part, however, she gives him her cousin\'s address in New York. In the closing scene, they mouth "I love you" to each other. Senay boards the plane to New York to begin life anew and Okwe calls Valerie to tell her that he is finally coming home.'] ['A psychotic killer, Garland "Red" Lynch, uses a campaign of terror to force San Francisco bank teller Kelly Sherwood to steal $100,000 from the bank for him. Despite his threat to kill her or her teenaged sister Toby if she goes to the police, Sherwood contacts the San Francisco office of the FBI, where agent John Ripley takes charge of the case. Ripley interviews a woman who implies that she\'s involved in some way in a serious crime, but before she can give Ripley the details, Lynch murders her. Sherwood continues to be terrorized with phone calls, an asthmatic condition making the unseen Lynch\'s voice all the more sinister. The FBI identifies the criminal, noting that Red Lynch has a record of convictions for statutory rape, forgery, criminal assault, armed robbery and murder. They track down his girlfriend, Lisa Soong, whose 6-year-old son has just had a hip replaced. Lynch is paying all the hospital bills. Because of this, Lisa refuses to believe that Lynch is a criminal and will not cooperate with the investigation. Ripley nevertheless manages to get some information about "Uncle Red" from the boy. Lynch finally gives Sherwood a time and date to steal the money, and just to make sure that she does, he kidnaps her sister Toby and holds her captive. The climax is a chase through Candlestick Park after a nighttime baseball game between the San Francisco Giants and Los Angeles Dodgers. Ripley and his men ultimately surround Lynch on the infield of the stadium.'] ['In 1959, Michael Courtland , a New Orleans real estate developer, has his life shattered when his wife Elizabeth  and young daughter Amy are kidnapped. The police strongly recommend that he provide the kidnappers with shredded blank paper instead of the demanded ransom, and he agrees to the plan. This leads to a bungled car chase in which both kidnappers and victims are killed in a spectacular explosion. Courtland blames himself for the deaths of his wife and daughter. Fifteen years pass. Courtland is morbidly obsessed with his dead wife, and regularly visits a monument he has had built in her memory. The monument is a replica of the church  where he and Elizabeth had met many years before in Florence, Italy. His real estate partner Robert LaSalle  convinces Courtland to tag along on a business trip back to Florence. While there, Courtland revisits the church, and suddenly comes face to face with a young woman named Sandra  who looks exactly like his late wife. The already slightly unhinged Courtland begins to court the young woman, and subtly attempts to transform her into a perfect mirror image of his dead wife.  Courtland returns to New Orleans with Sandra so they can marry. On their wedding night, Sandra is kidnapped and a ransom note is left behind by her abductors. It is an exact replica of the kidnappers\' message from fifteen years before. This time, Courtland decides to deliver the demanded cash. He withdraws massive quantities of money from his accounts and business holdings, financially ruining him and forcing him to sign over his interest in the real estate business to LaSalle. In the process, he discovers that his entire ordeal, including the original kidnapping, had been engineered by LaSalle as a way to gain sole control of Courtland\'s company share holdings. The now nearly insane Courtland stabs LaSalle to death. Knowing that Sandra must have been a willing accomplice in the plot against him, he goes to the airport to kill the escaping woman. On the plane, Sandra has a flashback to her part in the scheme; she is in fact Courtland\'s daughter, allowed by LaSalle to survive the explosive traffic "accident" from years before that had killed her mother. LaSalle had told her lies about Courtland over the years, convincing her that her father had not paid the ransom because he didn\'t love her. Sandra, who now loves Courtland, attempts suicide on the plane and is taken off the flight in a wheelchair. Courtland sees her and runs toward her, gun drawn. A security guard attempts to stop him but Courtland smashes the briefcase full of money against the guard\'s head, knocking him unconscious. The briefcase breaks open and all of the money flies out. Sandra, seeing the fluttering bills, stands up and shouts: "Daddy! You brought the money!" Courtland now realizes for the first time who Sandra really is, and father and daughter fall into a deep embrace.'] ['Scott stars as Dr. John Russell, a composer living in New York City who moves cross-country to Washington state following the deaths of his wife and daughter in a traffic accident while on a winter vacation in upstate New York. In suburban Seattle, Russell rents a large, old and eerie Victorian-era mansion and begins piecing his life back together. However, Dr. Russell soon discovers that he has unexpected company in his new home - the ghost of a murdered child. It shatters windows, abruptly opens and shuts doors, and manifests itself during a seance. Russell investigates and finds that the mystery is linked to a powerful local family, the heir of which is a wealthy United States senator, Joseph Carmichael. Dr. Russell learns that the real Joseph Carmichael was murdered by his father. Joseph was a crippled, sickly child, and in the event of his death, the family fortune would pass to his mother\'s side of the family. Desperate to keep control of the fortune, Joseph\'s father drowned young Joseph in the bathtub, secretly replaced him with a healthy orphan, and took him to Europe in the guise of seeking a treatment or cure. He returned several years later with the imposter, now grown and "cured" of his illness, and continued as if nothing had happened. But now the ghost of the real Joseph was haunting the house to get Dr. Russell to investigate the murder, and bring forth justice.'] ['Tom Witzky  is a phone lineman living in a working-class neighborhood in Chicago with his pregnant wife Maggie  and his son Jake , who possesses the ability to commune with the dead. At a party one evening, Tom challenges Maggie\'s sister Lisa , a believer in paranormal activity and psychic telepathy, to hypnotize him. After putting him under, Lisa plants a post-hypnotic suggestion in Tom urging him to "be more open-minded." Tom then begins experiencing visions of a violent scuffle involving a girl who he later learns is Samantha Kozac , a 17 year-old that disappeared from the neighborhood six months prior. While Tom and Maggie attend a high school football game, Jake is overheard by his babysitter, Debbie Kozac , as he speaks with Samantha. Debbie gets upset and snatches Jake, running off with him in the night. Meanwhile, Tom senses Jake is in danger and rushes home but finds him gone. Tom then sees strange flashes of red light that eventually leads him to the \'L\' station where Debbie is speaking with her mother about Jake. When Tom and Maggie confront her, Debbie angrily questions them about her sister Samantha, explaining that she had an intellectual disability; having the mental capacity of an 8 year-old and thus, a child\'s tendency to trust strangers. Tom denies knowing her to Debbie, but admits to Maggie that she\'s the girl in his visions. Tom becomes obsessed with Samantha and begins probing members of the community about her disappearance. This attracts the attention of his landlord Harry Damon , Tom\'s friend, Frank McCarthy  and their respective sons Kurt Damon  and Adam McCarthy , who all dismiss Samantha as a runaway teen. During an afternoon walk, Jake and Maggie encounter a policeman named Neil  who immediately recognizes Jake\'s unique talent and invites Tom to a private gathering of like-minded people to learn more about it. Maggie withholds her conversation with Neil from Tom and goes to the meeting herself where Neil tells her the spirit that contacted Tom has asked for something and will continue to get upset if it doesn\'t get done. As predicted, Samantha begins plaguing Tom, eventually leading to his insomnia. He goes back to Lisa demanding she undo what she did, but when she hypnotizes him he\'s told by the spirit to dig. Tom complies and begins digging holes in the backyard and eventually tears up the house in a desperate attempt to appease Samantha. While Maggie and Jake attend her grandmother\'s wake at a relative\'s house, Tom inadvertently knocks down a shoddy brick wall in the basement and discovers Samantha\'s decomposed remains wrapped in a plastic sheet. He receives a vision showing him that before his family moved in, Adam and Kurt lured Samantha into the house to rape her. When she resisted, they unintentionally suffocated her and hid her body. Tom brings Frank back to the basement to disclose to him the crime and Frank breaks down and admits that Adam and Kurt had already confided their secret to him and Harry. Frank pulls out a gun and demands to be alone, and as Tom leaves the basement he hears a single shot and assumes Frank committed suicide. Harry and Kurt suddenly show up and Harry, in his capacity as landlord, voices displeasure with the torn up house. They corner Tom with the intention of killing him to silence him, but Maggie arrives back home and Harry takes her hostage. Frank suddenly emerges from the basement and shoots both Kurt and Harry in order to save Tom and Maggie. Tom then notices Samantha\'s spirit putting on her glasses and coat, and smiling as she walks down the road and disappears. Afterwards, the family packs up a U-Haul and moves out of the house. Meanwhile, Samantha\'s mother and sister are finally able to give her a proper funeral and burial. Tom and Maggie smile happily as they drive away but Jake, however, tries to cover his ears to drown out the sound of the overlapping voices in his head.'] ['The plot is taken from the novel of the same name by Straub, but greatly changes and simplifies it. In a small New England town, four elderly friends form what they call the Chowder Society, an informal club where they regale each other with scary stories. Membership in the club, in fact, requires that one present such a story. The four friends are Ricky Hawthorne, a business owner, Sears James, a Lawyer, along with Dr. John Jaffrey and Edward Charles Wanderley, the Mayor. When Edward\'s son, David, living in New York, falls from a window after the girl he\'s sleeping with turns suddenly into a demon, Edward grieves. His other son, Don, a college professor who\'s fallen on hard times, shows up in town, not getting a great reception from Edward, who always preferred the other, more ambitious son. But now the four elderly gentlemen are unsettled and have nightmares. Clearly, something is bothering them. Edward becomes so distraught that he wanders across a bridge in the snow. When he sees the same female apparition that caused his son to fall to his death, Edward, too, falls to his death from the bridge. Although his death is ruled a suicide, his son Don and Edward\'s three remaining elderly friends doubt it. Don approaches the remaining three friends, requests membership in their group and offers up a bizarre "ghost" story of his own. Don\'s flashback: A few years earlier, Don, then a promising junior professor, meets Alma, a beautiful if mysterious secretary who had come to work for the university. They immediately become involved in a torrid sexual affair that causes him to miss work and earn the scorn of the Dean who previously championed him. But Don finds a strange coldness about Alma, and he drops her. Later, he hears from his brother David that he has met the same girl in New York and intends to marry her. Don warns his brother that she\'s trouble, but to no avail. And indeed, Don suspects she caused his fatal fall from the building as seen earlier. In the present, the elderly friends react to Don\'s story. Sears discounts it, but Ricky believes him. Elderly Dr. John Jaffrey, after having a nightmare about the same woman, Alma, dies of a heart attack. This leaves only Sears and Ricky. Thus, they finally tell Don their own strange history with a woman who looked exactly like Alma. Their flashback: Back when the four friends were young, the beautiful Eva Galli came to town, and, indeed, it\'s obvious that she\'s the same person as Alma in the present. The four friends are smitten with Eva, who encourages their sexual interest. It was Young Edward  who first took her to bed, but he was impotent with her. Outside her house, the other three friends serenaded Eva in hopes of catching a glimpse of her when a shirtless Edward came to the window instead, giving the impression that he did sleep with her. Edward left with his friends, and the four became very drunk, discussing Eva\'s prowess in the bedroom. They returned to her house, where all but Sears danced with her. When it was proposed that they leave, Sears suggestively insisted on getting his dance, to which she pointedly responded that she intended to dance with all of them. She confronted Edward about what he had told his friends, then was about to tell them the truth when Young Edward leaped to silence her, knocking her down, accidentally smashing her head into the stone fireplace. Horrified, the young men believed that the unresponsive Eva was dead. They considered calling the police, but realized it would only mean wrecking their lives. Instead, they loaded her body into her car, then pushed it into the nearby lake. As the car descends, Eva stirred inside, looking out at them from the back window, screaming and hammering at the glass as the car sank beneath the surface, taking her with it. Back in the present, Ricky and Sears admit that the death has haunted them all these years. Whereas Sears is dubious, both Ricky and Don believe that Alma and Eva are one and the same and that her ghost has returned to seek revenge. Don suggests they go to Eva\'s old house, now in ruins, to confront the past and her ghost once and for all. They go there, but Don falls on the rotting stairs and breaks his leg. Sears leaves in his car to seek help, leaving Don and Ricky behind. While driving through the snowstorm, Sears comes upon Eva\'s apparition. He slams on the brakes, and swerves to the side of the road. He survives, but is attacked by one of Eva\'s accomplices, Fenny Bate, and is presumably killed. Ricky nearly dies at the hands of Eva\'s other accomplice, Gregory Bate, but Ricky stabs him and escapes to get to the authorities, telling them to pull Eva\'s car up from the lake to reveal her body inside. This is intercut with Don, who confronts the rotting specter of Alma/Eva. Ricky and the authorities drag out the ancient car, wrenching open the rusted, corroded door, the un-dead rotting corpse of Eva lunges into view. It falls to the ground and begins to disintegrate before their eyes. Don is spared from her vengeance and the town is restored to peace.'] ["During World War II, an outsider, Baston Morris , comes to a tiny town looking for work at the local mill. He meets up with the town's evil employer, Pink Gresham,  who abuses the men and has affairs with the women. Pink toys with Baston's plight but keeps the upper hand with his pistol and chases Baston away. Baston then meets Pink's wife, Maggie , and spins a tale of her husbands philandering and Pink's personal involvement with Baston's affairs at his hometown in the next county. The subplot contains stories of Maggie's brother, Shep Sheppard,  who is a fundamentalist preacher that has followed his father's misogynistic ways. Sheppard sides with Pink when it comes to laying down the law, and a hunt ensues for Baston after stories are revealed of him being an axe murderer. Screenplay was written and director by David Saperstein"] ['{{Plot}} The film opens with a notice, revealing that a young man named Thomas was convicted of raping and killing his sister, and murdering Dr. Edgar Lauren, a psychic. He was sent to prison, where he committed suicide. Samantha Finley , her older brother Thomas , and their mother Ellen  believe that Ellen has been making contact with her deceased husband. Soon the family claims that a demon is haunting them. At first, they think it is David, but after a series of horrible attacks on Samantha, they suspect otherwise. One night the camera records Ellen sitting up in bed and leaving her bedroom. She walks into the living room, where she writes something on a piece of paper. She then crumples the paper and walks back down the hallway. Thomas finds the paper under Samantha\'s pillow and sees that it spells out the word "MARON". Thomas suggests that Ellen and Samantha stay at a hotel while he sets up traps around the house with bells and wire. When the bells ring, Thomas investigates. The wire and bell outside his door are ripped from the wall and thrown at him. Thomas shuts himself in the bedroom and the demon bangs on his door. Thomas receives a phone call from Ellen, who is in hysterics after the demon apparently followed them and attacked Samantha. Upon returning to the house, Samantha hunches over in pain. Thomas awakens at night and finds his sister missing. He finds the attic ladder hanging down and ascends it to find her standing there undressed, in a trance. Upon awakening, she is unable to remember what happened. Thomas asks the previous owner of the house if anyone named Maron ever lived there, but the previous owner does not recognize the name. Thomas hears Samantha screaming and rushes to the bathroom to find her lying topless in the bathtub, severely traumatized. Ellen wakes after hearing thuds from outside. In the living room camera, she is seen standing in the archway with a knife before returning to her bedroom. Thomas wakes up after hearing a door slam shut, and finds that Ellen has slit her wrists, weapon still in hand. She is taken to the hospital. Thomas and Sam are left at home when psychic, Dr. Edgar Lauren , arrives. He explains that there is a powerful dark entity in the home and that Samantha is the focus of its attention. He says that the entity gained entry into the home when Ellen attempted to contact the spirit of her dead husband. Dr. Lauren explains that "maron" is Old Germanic for "nightmare", a creature similar to the incubus, a demon that rapes women in their sleep. The psychic agrees to help evict the entity and the video fades to black. After a pause, the camera\'s POV shows the doctor\'s bleeding head and blank face, fallen on the floor and "looking" toward the lens. Thomas is heard panicking. He grabs the camera after hearing Samantha\'s scream and runs to her bedroom. The house is in disarray. Thomas finds his sister naked and levitating in her room, covered in blood, being raped by an invisible demon. He drops the camera and runs out of the room to find help. A gurgling noise is heard off-screen, and an unseen figure , picks up the camera and focuses it on Samantha\'s lifeless face. Thomas is charged with Samantha\'s rape and death and is sentenced to life. Not long after, he commits suicide. It is revealed, upon hearing of both her children\'s deaths, Ellen also commits suicide. It is also revealed that the recording made by Thomas was found in the family\'s attic one year later.'] ['{{Plot}} High school teacher and writer Frannie Avery meets a student at a local bar, and when she heads to the bathroom sees a woman performing oral sex on a man. A few days later, Detective Giovanni Malloy questions her as he investigates the gruesome murder of a young woman, whose severed limb was found in her garden. They flirt despite the grisly nature of their introduction, and meet at the same bar later. Frannie is alternately thrilled and frightened by the detective\'s sexual aggressiveness, even as she grows more disillusioned with the attitudes and crude behavior of other men, including the detective\'s partner, Richard Rodriguez. Even as Malloy defends his partner, who can no longer carry a gun because he threatened his unfaithful wife, he promises he will do anything she wants except hit her. She leaves abruptly and is assaulted walking home, but calls Malloy and their affair begins that night. Frannie recognizes the detective\'s tattoo, from the man in the basement of the bar, and asks her sister Pauline if she would trust a man who got a blow job in a bar. Pauline says yes, but Frannie is still suspicious. After Malloy tells her that she and the first victim were in the same bar the night of the murder, and she might have seen the murderer, she begins to suspect that Malloy may actually be the killer, especially after a second victim is found. But later she goes with him to a woodsy spot by the water, where he scares her by shooting at garbage bags floating on the surface, then tells her she should learn how to shoot. She surprises herself by taking aim and shooting well, before they head back to the city. She finds her old boyfriend in her bed when she gets home, and goes back to her sister\'s apartment, where she finds the door open and Pauline\'s dismembered body. She is now more frightened of Malloy than ever, but goes home and gets drunk, and almost stumbles into bed with her student before throwing him out. Malloy\'s partner is outside watching as the young man runs out, and Frannie shouts out the window that Malloy should stay away from her. But he comes over and helps her clean herself up, and she can\'t decide if she should trust him. So she cuffs him to a pipe and makes love to him, and as soon as she is done he starts rattling the cuffs, demanding to be set free. She is fishing in his jacket for the keys when she finds the missing charms from her bracelet, which he claims he found and was planning to return to her. She suddenly becomes very suspicious of him, and he gets scared and yells at her. She finally tells Malloy she saw his tattoo in the basement of the bar when he was getting a blow job, and she runs out, stumbling right into his partner\'s arms. Frannie tells Rodriguez what she saw, and he says they need to sit down and talk, so she gets in his car. Malloy\'s screams from the window are ignored. Rodriguez drives her out to the GW bridge, telling her this is the place he goes to fish, and she says, "I teach that book, To the Lighthouse." But as soon as he locks the gate behind them she knows she is in trouble, and he shows her the tattoo on his arm, the twin of Malloy\'s. She realizes Malloy is innocent, then she slips on his jacket before Rodriguez takes her in his arms. She shoots him once with Malloy\'s gun but he tries to strangle her before she can shoot him again; they fall, and he dies. She walks, bloodied, back to her apartment and lies down in the arms of the exhausted Malloy, still cuffed to the pipe where she left him.'] ['Gabriela  is a Colombian immigrant living in Miami who has been fascinated with violent death ever since she saw a falling corpse pass by her mother\'s bakery window as a child. With many television shows and films feeding her obsession, she believes that after someone is decapitated, they still talk for a short while afterwards. Having quit her job at a bakery, she begins work for a cleaning service, headed by a man named Lodger , that specializes in mopping up what is left behind at crime scenes after she sees a television commercial advertising it. She goes to the office, inquires about a job and later is (to the dismay of Elena  offered the opportunity to clean up after an execution by her favorite at-large serial murderer, The Blue Blood Killer  . The two women go to the scene of the crime and begin cleaning up the mess. Elena diligently works away, trying to get out of there as soon as possible; meanwhile Gabriela discovers what she believes to be the name of the serial killer - "Paul Guell" - beneath a pool of blood, but covers it up so that Elena won\'t see and think she is weird. Due to the amount of blood, they have to leave and come back the next day. While out on a date with ex-colleague Eduardo , Gabriela reveals to him what she found out and after failing to clearly explain, convinces him to go to the house that same night, before it all gets cleaned up. Unbeknown to Gabriela and Eduardo, the killer is still in the building after accidentally locking himself in the wine cellar while trying to escape. Gabriela opens the door to the cellar, when Eduardo freaks out and decides he wants to go, leaving the door ajar and the killer an escape route. Eduardo leaves when Gabriela refuses to go with him, and she picks up a knife, dancing around the house where the blood is, acting out what she thinks happened - all while the killer watches. When Eduardo returns after a second thought, the killer hits him over the head and hides him in the wine cellar. He soon stops Gabriela and forces her to walk him through what happened, checking that she knows the full story, and when they come to the end, they briefly argue about Gabriela\'s theory of heads talking after decapitation. The killer then decides it\'s time for Gabriela to die, but in a struggle, he slips and is knocked out on the tiled floor. When he begins to come to, Gabriela, out of sheer curiosity, picks up the knife and cuts his head off. She slowly lifts up his head and he mumbles her name, to which Gabriela smiles with satisfaction.'] ["American army deserter turned criminal on the run, Eddy Roback, is being chased through the streets of Paris. The fugitive finds his old girlfriend, Denise Vernon  and tries to get money from her in an attempt to get across the border to Belgium. The girlfriend's friend, an American crime reporter , as well as a country-wide man hunt become obstacles Roback must get past in order to escape. While trying to raise him money, Denise finds him a hiding place in the studio of a lecherous photographer Max Salva, who may have turned Roback in."] ['New York City Police detective Frank Keller is a burnt-out alcoholic. His wife ran away from him and remarried one of his colleagues. His anger and aggression are mainly to hide the fact that he is depressed about reaching middle age, with 20 years of police work under his belt. To forget his woes, he investigates the murder of a man in Manhattan, shot dead while face down in his bed, naked, listening to an old 45rpm recording of "Sea of Love". Keller has three clues - a lipstick-smeared cigarette, a want ad which the dead man placed in a newspaper, and good fingerprints of the perpetrator. A second man dies in the same manner in Queens. Detective Sherman Touhey from the local precinct suggests that he and Frank collaborate. Both victims had placed rhyming ads in the lonely hearts column of the newspaper, seeking dates. They track down Raymond Brown, the only other man with a rhyming ad. He\'s a married man and admits placing the ad, but swears on his children\'s eyes that he threw away all the letters and never saw anyone. Frank gets an idea to place their own rhyming ad in the paper, take any women who respond to a restaurant and take the prints from their drinking glasses. Frank\'s boss thinks Frank is looking for an excuse to end his loneliness, and does not approve the idea. He changes his mind when Raymond Brown also turns up dead in the same manner as the other two murder victims. Frank has dinner with several women, while Sherman &mdash; posing as a waiter &mdash; puts their glasses into evidence bags. One woman, Helen Cruger, snubs Keller and leaves before she takes a drink. Keller bumps into her again at a market, but this time she is more friendly. Frank takes her to his place, against his better judgement and advice from Sherman not to do so. They start getting passionate when Frank panics finding a gun in her purse, but it turns out to be just a starting pistol. Frank and Helen begin a relationship. Frank has a chance to obtain Helen\'s fingerprints on a glass, but decides to wipe the glass clean. Their relationship becomes strained when she discovers that he is a cop. He nearly gives away the fact that she was involved in a sting, but plays it off as an attempt to hide his very-real feelings for her. He later discovers that she responded to each of the victims\' ads and confronts her, but she does not admit to anything and he throws her out. Helen\'s ex-husband Terry breaks into her apartment and, threatening him with a gun, makes Frank lie on his bed and show how he made love to Helen, just as Terry had done with his ex-wife\'s other three boyfriends before he killed them. Frank overpowers Terry and tries to call the police, but the killer lunges at him and, in the ensuing struggle, Terry is accidentally thrown through the window and plunges to his death. Frank and Helen reunite. She forgives him, and they resume their relationship.'] ['Grace Stewart  is a Catholic mother who lives with her two small children in a remote country house in the British Crown Dependency of Jersey, in the immediate aftermath of World War II. The children, Anne  and Nicholas ([[James Bentley , have an uncommon disease, xeroderma pigmentosa, characterized by photosensitivity, so their lives are structured around a series of complex rules designed to protect them from inadvertent exposure to sunlight. The new arrival of three servants at the house &mdash; an aging nanny and servant named Mrs. Bertha Mills , an elderly gardener named Mr. Edmund Tuttle , and a young mute girl named Lydia  &mdash; coincides with a number of odd events, and Grace begins to fear that they are not alone. Anne draws pictures of four people: a man, a woman, a boy called Victor, and an old woman, all of whom she says she has seen in the house. A piano is heard from inside a locked room when no one is inside. Grace finds and examines a "book of the dead," which shows mourning portraits taken in the 19th century of recently deceased corpses. Doors which Grace believes to have been closed are found mysteriously ajar. Grace tries hunting down the "intruders" with a shotgun but cannot find them. She scolds her daughter for believing in ghosts &mdash; until she hears them herself. Eventually, convincing herself that something unholy is in the house, she runs out in the fog to get the local priest to bless the house. Meanwhile, the servants, led by Mrs. Mills, are clearly up to something of their own. The gardener buries a headstone under autumn leaves, and Mrs. Mills listens faithfully to Anne\'s allegations against her mother. Outside, Grace loses herself in the heavy fog, but she miraculously discovers her husband Charles , who she thought had been killed in the war, and brings him back to the house. Charles is distant during the one day he spends in the house, and Mrs. Mills is heard telling Mr. Tuttle, "I do not think he knows where he is." Grace later sees an old woman dressed up like her daughter. Grace says, "You are not my daughter!" and attacks her. However, she finds that she has actually attacked her daughter instead. Anne refuses to be near her mother afterward, while Grace swears she saw the old woman. Mrs. Mills tells Anne that she too has seen the people, but they cannot yet tell the mother because Grace will not accept what she is not ready for. Charles is stunned when Anne tells him the things her mother did to her. He says he must leave for the front and disappears again. After Charles leaves, Anne continues to see things, including Victor\'s whole family and the old woman. Grace breaks down to Mrs. Mills, who claims that "sometimes the world of the dead gets mixed up with the world of the living."  One morning, Grace wakes to the children\'s screams: all of the curtains in the house have disappeared, as Anne had said they might. When the servants refuse to help look for them, Grace realizes that they are somehow involved. Hiding the children from the light, she banishes the servants from the house. A series of loud noises from the upper storey of the house follows this event. That night, Anne and Nicholas sneak out of the house to find their father and stumble across the hidden graves. They find that the graves belong to the servants. At the same time, Grace goes to the servants\' quarters and finds a photograph from the book of the dead and is horrified to see that it is of the three servants. The servants appear and follow after the children, who make it back into the house just as Grace emerges to hold off the servants with a shotgun. They then say that they had died of tuberculosis more than 50 years before. The children run upstairs and hide, but are found by the strange old woman. Downstairs, the servants continue talking to Grace, telling her that the living and the dead have to learn to live together. Upstairs, Anne and Nicholas discover the old woman is acting as a medium in a séance with Victor\'s parents. It is then that they learn the truth: the real ghosts are none other than Anne, Nicholas, and their mother, who is believed to have killed them in a fit of psychosis before committing suicide. Grace loses her temper and supernaturally attacks the visitors by ripping and throwing pieces of paper that lay on the table. However, the visitors are only able to see the paper ripping of its own accord, further confirming Grace and her children are indeed the ghosts. The truth finally clear to Grace, she breaks down with the children and remembers what happened just before the arrival of their new servants. Stricken with grief for her missing husband and increasingly frustrated by living in isolation, she went insane, smothered her children with a pillow, and then, in shock after realizing what she had done, put a rifle to her forehead and pulled the trigger. When nothing happened and upon hearing the laughter of Nicholas and Anne, Grace assumed that God had granted her family a miracle by offering them a second chance at life. Grace and the children realize that Charles is also dead, but he is not aware of it. Mrs. Mills appears and informs Grace that they will learn to get along, and sometimes won\'t even notice the living people who inhabit their house. She also informs them that since the children no longer have their mortal bodies, they are no longer sensitive to light, and for the first time the children freely enjoy the sunlight coming through the windows. From the window, Grace and her children look out as Victor\'s family moves out.'] ["In Washington DC, Carl Wayne Anderson  is a homeless, deaf-mute Vietnam veteran accused of murdering Elizabeth Quinn, a file clerk at the Justice Department. Kathleen Riley  is the beleaguered D.C. public defender assigned to represent Anderson. An agribusiness lobbyist who normally works on Capitol Hill, Eddie Sanger , is approved as a member of the jury by Riley despite his attempt to be excused. Sanger begins investigating the details of the murder himself, eventually teaming up with Riley beyond the observation of the trial's suspicious judge. Sanger also keeps busy in his work as a lobbyist on Capitol Hill, including his efforts to win passage of a bill by seducing a Congresswoman. Around Christmas, a United States Supreme Court Justice commits suicide, for which no explanation or context is given. We only see the Justice making a tape recording and then shooting himself. Shortly after the suicide, Elizabeth Quinn's body is found floating in the Potomac River, and Carl Wayne Anderson is arrested for the crime, based almost entirely on the fact that he was seen sleeping in Quinn's car the night of her murder. The car was abandoned in the desolate K Street parking lot. Anderson, it is eventually revealed, found the car unlocked and was just looking for a warm place to sleep since it was the dead of winter. But since he was homeless, had no alibi, and was also found in possession of Quinn's wallet, he was arrested for her murder. Riley finds it difficult to communicate with Anderson, a deaf-mute. Over time, she begins to penetrate his hard exterior and he tries to cooperate with her efforts to mount a defense for him. As the investigation by Riley, with unethical assistance from Sanger, intensifies, they begin focusing on Deputy Attorney General Paul Gray . Figuring that a key found on the victim's body has something to do with the Justice Department , Riley and Sanger break into the file department at the Justice Department late one night and try to find what the key unlocks. They find a file cabinet, which contained trial transcripts from federal cases from 1968 that Quinn was in the process of transcribing. The trial is conducted by stern federal judge Matthew Helms . Helms is rumored to be the President's nominee for a seat on the prestigious United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Judge Helms begins to suspect that Riley may be collaborating with Sanger, which would be a disbarrable offense of jury tampering, although he does not have concrete proof. In a law library, Riley and Sanger narrowly avoid being caught by Judge Helms, who sequesters the jury to avoid any possible further contact between Riley and the juror. Riley and Sanger suspect that Elizabeth Quinn stumbled onto something and look for any case that might have an impropriety. Fixing a case requires participation from both the prosecutor and the trial judge. Riley and Sanger think they will find evidence that Gray was a prosecutor on a rigged 1968 case, which would be his motive to murder Quinn if she approached Gray about what she found. Riley goes back to Quinn's car  and finds an audiotape that the police did not uncover in their half-hearted investigation. The tape is the one made by the Supreme Court Justice who committed suicide. In it, he confesses to conspiring to fix a case in 1968  in return for an appointment from the United States District Court to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Riley assumes the prosecutor on that case was Gray and goes back to the courthouse to retrieve the case book that will confirm this. She is pursued and attacked by an unseen figure. With the help of Sanger , Riley is able to slice the right wrist of her assailant, who then flees unseen. Gray shows up in the courtroom, to the surprise of Judge Helms. Riley wants the judge to take the stand. An irate Helms says that Riley cannot make him testify. Riley reveals that it was Helms, not Gray, who was the prosecutor in the fixed case of 1968. In exchange for fixing the case, Helms was nominated to the District Court. Seventeen years later, Quinn inadvertently discovered the case fixing. At the same time, Helms learned he was a likely nominee for the Court of Appeals. Quinn approached the Supreme Court Justice, who responded by committing suicide. When she approached Judge Helms, however, he murdered her. As the judge angrily bangs his gavel during Riley's accusation, his right wrist begins to bleed from where Riley slashed him the night before, confirming his identity as the killer. Riley ends up reinvigorated in her job and in a relationship with Sanger."] ['Julia, an art restorer living in Barcelona, Spain, discovers a painted-over message on a 1471 Flemish masterpiece called La partida de ajedrez  reading "Qvis Necavit Eqvitem", written in Latin . With the help of her old friend and father-figure, the flamboyantly homosexual César, who lives at Casa Batlló, and Domenec, a local chess genius Julia found in Park Güell, Julia works to uncover the mystery of a 500-year-old murder. At the same time, however, Julia faces danger of her own, as several people helping her along her search are also murdered.'] ['In the small fishing town of Nightmute, Alaska, 17-year-old Kay Connell  is found murdered. LAPD detectives Will Dormer  and Hap Eckhart  are sent to assist the local police with their investigation. Concurrently, an intense Internal Affairs investigation in Los Angeles is about to put Dormer under the microscope; Eckhart reveals that Internal Affairs has offered him an immunity deal in exchange for his testimony regarding one of Dormer\'s past cases. Eckhart says that he has no choice but to accept the deal. Focusing on the Nightmute case, Dormer comes up with a plan to lure the murderer back to the scene of the crime; however, the attempt is blown, and the murder suspect flees into the fog. During the pursuit, Dormer sees a figure through the fog, and he fires. Dormer discovers that he has mistakenly shot Eckhart. Given the nature of Eckhart\'s impending testimony, Dormer knows that Internal Affairs will never believe that the shooting was accidental; panicked, he alters the crime scene before crying for help. Ellie Burr , a young police officer, is put in charge of the investigation of Eckhart\'s shooting. Dormer is plagued by insomnia brought on by guilt over killing Eckhart, and further exacerbated by the perpetual daylight. Dormer then starts receiving anonymous phone calls from the suspect, who claims to have witnessed Dormer kill his partner. Dormer is aware that Kay was a fan of a crime writer named Walter Finch . Dormer looks up Finch\'s address and breaks into his apartment to gather evidence, only to be discovered by Finch himself, who gets away. Finch contacts Dormer, and offers Dormer a deal, where Dormer is to frame Kay\'s abusive boyfriend Randy Stetz ([[Jonathan Jackson  for the murder in exchange for Finch\'s silence about the Eckhart shooting. Meanwhile, Burr finds some inconsistencies in Dormer\'s testimony; she finds a 9mm shell casing at the scene, which conflicts with the bullet type believed to be found in the body. Meanwhile, Finch calls Dormer and tells him that Kay\'s death was "an accident" &mdash; he beat her to death in a fit of rage after she rejected his advances. The next day, Finch, under Dormer\'s instruction, gives false testimony at the station, which, along with a weapon planted by Finch, effectively places blame on Randy. Finch offers to give Burr letters indicating that Randy abused Kay, and asks her to come and collect evidence from his second, isolated home the next day. Dormer returns to his hotel for one last night, where he confides in the hotel owner, Rachel Clement  about the Internal Affairs investigation: he fabricated evidence to help convict a pedophile he was certain was guilty of murdering a child, and who would have been set free if Eckhart had testified. Upon returning to Finch\'s apartment, Dormer discovers that Finch has gone to meet Burr, and realizes that Finch intends to kill her. Finch knocks Burr unconscious. Dormer eventually reaches the cabin and struggles to fight Finch. Burr eventually saves Dormer from Finch, who flees; she then holds Dormer at gunpoint, revealing that she knows he shot Eckhart. Dormer admits that he shot his partner, but claims he is no longer certain if it was an accident. From his shed, Finch fires at them; while Burr distracts him with gunfire, Dormer sneaks around to Finch\'s location. A struggle ensues which ends with them shooting each other, killing Finch and mortally wounding Dormer. Burr rushes to the detective\'s aid, and then comforts him by affirming that Eckhart\'s shooting was accidental, and tries to toss the shell casing evidence. Dormer stops Burr, telling her not to lose her way, before he dies. After a brief moment of contemplation, Burr decides to slip the shell casing back into its plastic evidence bag.'] ['Harry Moseby is a retired professional football player working as a private investigator in Los Angeles. He is dedicated to his job, but his dedication does not make him happy or powerful in his personal life, and his wife Ellen is unfaithful to him. Aging actress Arlene Iverson hires Harry to find her trust-funded daughter Delly Grastner, distracting Harry from his marital problems as he tracks the lascivious runaway teen to Florida. In the Florida Keys, Harry has an affair of his own with Paula, and succeeds in locating Delly, even as he learns that finding her is only the beginning of a much larger case. As the "accidental" deaths multiply, Harry discovers that everyone has his or her own motives and that he cannot do much to stem the tide of deep-seated depravity.  The most quoted line from Night Moves occurs when Moseby declines an invitation from his wife to see the movie My Night at Maud\'s: "I saw a Rohmer film once. It was kinda like watching paint dry."<ref nameLoose Ends in Night Moves |firstJackson |authorlinkSenses of Cinema |issueJuly 11, 2010 |urlKehr |firstDave Kehr |workÉric Rohmer, a Leading Filmmaker of the French New Wave, Dies at 89 |datehttp://www.nytimes.com/2010/01/12/movies/12rohmer.html}} Penn himself is an admirer of Rohmer\'s films;{{cite book |last1Arthur |last2Michael |last3Paul |titleUniv. Press of Mississippi |pagehttp://books.google.com/books?id2008 |isbn"I saw a Rohmer film once...": The truth behind the Night Moves meme |urlEmerson |firstJanuary 11, 2010 |publisherJackson />'] ['Adrian LeDuc  is the owner of a revival house in Buenos Aires. Adrian is emotionally repressed, prone to suspicion and paranoia, devoted to old movies and to his mother, who resides in a nursing home, suffering from dementia. Adrian visits her frequently, holding conversations which as her illness progresses become increasingly one-sided. Adrian is a tenant in a rundown apartment building; he lives in apartment 10, although the 1 is missing from his door . Apart from his mother, the core of his emotional life is movies--specifically classic American movies and stars. Apartment Zero opens with a shot of Adrian in his theater, watching the final scene of Touch of Evil. As his theater, Cine York, loses more and more money, Adrian advertises for a roommate to share his apartment. After several unsatisfactory applicants he meets the handsome, charming, and macho American Jack Carney . Adrian is clearly attracted to Jack and Jack is clearly aware of it. Jack agrees to take the room. They quickly settle into a domestic routine, with Adrian taking over laundry and cooking duties for Jack and Jack joining Adrian for films at his cinema. They also begin to bond emotionally. In contrast to Adrian\'s standoffishness, Jack establishes relationships with several of the neighbors, a rather odd bunch. Adrian, upset and jealous, lashes out at Jack, telling him that the neighbors aren\'t to be trusted. Despite Adrian\'s jealousy Jack continues to socialize with several of them, including becoming sexually involved with a female neighbor . Claudia, the ticket seller at Adrian\'s cinema, is involved with a political committee that\'s investigating a series of murders that bear a striking resemblance to those committed by members of death squads that operated in Argentina dating back to the 1970s. Adrian learns that Jack has been lying about being employed with a local computer company and becomes paranoid that Jack is spying on him but at the same time terrified that Jack will leave him. He searches Jack\'s room and finds a number of photographs of Jack in paramilitary garb. When Jack returns, a highly agitated Adrian begs him, "If that\'s a mask, either take it off now or leave it on forever." Jack calms him but his own suspicions are aroused when he realizes that Adrian\'s been in his room. Despite being himself apolitical, Adrian allows Claudia\'s committee to use his theatre to view footage of death squad members. Adrian watches some of it and is horrified to see the same sign in the film as appeared in some of the photos of Jack he\'d found earlier. Jack, realizing that Adrian is growing more suspicious, falsifies Adrian\'s passport and prepares to leave Argentina. Unfortunately for him, the passport is expired and he can\'t leave. Jack picks up a gay man at the airport and goes to a hotel with him, where he murders him for his passport--but then makes a hash of trying to paste his own photos into the dead man\'s passport. Meanwhile, Adrian is devastated by the death of his mother. Claudia spots Jack in a death squad photo. He\'s identified as "Michael Weller" and listed as dead, but was identified only by his papers and a ring. Adrian gets drunk and creates a disturbance in his apartment, concerning his neighbors. The following morning a television report of the murder of a young man ironically leads the neighbors to think that Adrian has done something to Jack. That evening, the neighbors confront Adrian, forcing their way into his apartment and physically attacking him. Jack--unsuccessful in solving his passport problem--returns just then and soothes and tends to the badly injured Adrian. As Adrian attends his mother\'s funeral, Claudia comes to the apartment and recognizes Jack. Adrian returns to find Claudia dead at Jack\'s hands. Jack tries to charm him, telling him "let me clean up and I\'ll put the mask back on, OK?" A clearly unhinged Adrian, as terrified of losing Jack as he is horrified by the murder, helps Jack dispose of the body. On the way out they run into one of the neighbors and Jack says he\'s leaving for California in the morning. After they dump the body, Adrian suggests they really go to California together and Jack enthusiastically agrees. Back at the apartment Adrian changes his mind and goes for Jack\'s gun in the living room. Jack comes out of his room and Adrian runs back toward his. Jack realizes what\'s happening and they both go for the gun. Jack gets the upper hand and begins strangling Adrian, but can\'t go through with it and lets him up. Adrian again goes for the gun and he and Jack struggle again. With the gun pointed at him and with Adrian\'s finger on the trigger, Jack says "Do it" and the gun goes off. Some days after, Adrian is having dinner when a neighbor comes to the door seeking Jack\'s address in California. Adrian says he hasn\'t heard from him and shuts the door. He returns to the table and pours two glasses of wine, one for himself and one for Jack\'s corpse, which he has kept and sat at the table. The final scene shows Adrian\'s cinema, with a fairly large crowd--all men--pouring out--apparently the lean days are over. That\'s because the cinema is now a porn theater. And we see Adrian, who has never throughout the film gone out in public without a suit and tie , leaving the building wearing a tee-shirt and Jack\'s black leather jacket, smoking a cigarette--all just as Jack used to do.'] ["While visiting the Ventana nuclear power plant outside Los Angeles, television news reporter Kimberly Wells , her maverick camerman Richard Adams  and their soundman Hector Salas witness the plant going through an emergency shutdown . Shift Supervisor Jack Godell  notices an unusual vibration while grabbing his cup of coffee which he had set down; then he finds that a gauge is misreading and that the coolant is dangerously low . The crew manages to bring the reactor under control. Richard surreptitiously films the incident, despite being requested to not film the control room for security purposes. When he shows the film to experts, they realize that the plant came close to the China Syndrome in which the core would have melted down into the earth, hitting groundwater and contaminating the surrounding area with radioactive steam. During an inspection of the plant before it's brought back online, a technician discovers a small puddle of radioactive water that has apparently leaked from a pump. Godell pushes to delay restarting the plant, but the plant superintendent denies his request and appears willing to let nothing come in the way of the scheduled restart of the plant. Godell investigates further and uncovers evidence that radiographs of welds on the leaking pump have been falsified . He believes that the plant is unsafe and could be severely damaged if another full-power SCRAM occurs. He tries to bring the evidence to plant manager Herman DeYoung, who brushes Godell off as paranoid and states that new radiographs would cost at least $20 million. Godell confronts D.B. Royce, an employee of Foster-Sullivan, the construction company who built the plant, as it was Royce who signed off on the welding radiographs. When Godell threatens to go to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, Royce threatens him and a pair of goons from Foster-Sullivan park outside his house. Kimberly and Richard confront Godell at his home with what they know, at which point, the engineer voices his concern about the vibration he felt during the SCRAM and his anger about the false radiographs. Kimberly and Richard ask Godell if he'll come clean at NRC hearings, being held at Point Conception, where Foster-Sullivan is looking to build another nuclear plant. Godell tells them about the threat on his life, but agrees to get them, through Hector, the false radiographs to take to the hearings. Following the exchange though, Hector is run off the road by company men and the radiographs are taken. Godell leaves for the hearings but is chased by the goons out his house. He escapes by taking refuge in the plant. To his dismay, Godell finds that the reactor is being brought up to full power. He grabs a gun from a security guard, forces everyone out, including his best friend and co-worker Ted Spindler , and demands to be interviewed on live television by Kimberly. Plant management agrees to the interview, which buys them time as they try to regain control of the plant. Minutes into the broadcast, plant technicians deliberately cause a SCRAM so they can retake the control room . While Godell is distracted by the SCRAM alarms a SWAT team forces its way into the control room. The television cable is cut and a panicky Godell is shot by the police, but before he dies he feels the unusual vibration again. The resulting SCRAM is only brought under control by the plant's automatic systems. True to Godell's predictions, the plant suffers significant damage as the pump malfunctions. Plant officials try to paint Godell as emotionally disturbed, but Ted states that Godell would not have taken such drastic steps had there not been something wrong. The film ends with a tearful Kimberly concluding her report as the reporter's live signal abruptly cuts to color bars."] ['The film is set in 1930s West Virginia, along the Ohio River. Ben Harper ([[Peter Graves  is sentenced to hang for his part in a robbery in which two men were killed. Before he is caught he hides the stolen money, trusting only his son John , the main character of the story, with the money\'s location. John has a much younger sister, Pearl . Reverend Harry Powell , a serial killer and self-appointed preacher with the two words "LOVE" and "HATE" tattooed across the knuckles of his right and left hands, shares a prison cell with Harper. He tries to get Harper to tell him the hiding place before his execution, but the only clue he gets is a Bible verse Harper mutters in his sleep: "And a little child shall lead them."  Convinced that Harper told his children the secret, Powell woos and marries Harper\'s widow, Willa . Willa does not know her new husband\'s motive and believes her marriage will lead to her salvation. Powell asks the children about the money when they are alone, but they reveal nothing. John is suspicious of Powell and protective of his sister. One night Willa overhears her husband questioning the children and she realizes the truth. As she lies in bed that night in their attic bedroom, Powell leans over her and slits her throat. Powell dumps Willa\'s body in the river. He finally learns the money\'s location from Pearl by threatening John, but the children flee with the money down the river. They eventually find sanctuary with Rachel Cooper , a tough old woman who looks after stray children. Powell eventually tracks them down, but Rachel sees through his false virtue. After a climactic standoff, in which Rachel protects the children with a shotgun but sings hymns through the night with Powell, he is arrested by the police, tried, and, apparently, convicted and sentenced to death for the murder of Willa and for the crimes against the children. Towards the end of the film, Rachel declares that "children are man at his strongest. They abide." The film ends with her speaking directly to camera: "They abide and they endure."'] ["Kinski plays a wealthy, talented young widow who marries again in haste. Suddenly her world is shattered by a series of threatening calls from her new husband's ex-wife. When efforts to stop the woman's assault of terror fails, Kinksi is forced to act on her own, resulting in a surprising climax."] ["A deranged man calling himself James Pettis  approaches the Grand Rapids Press demanding that it publish his predictions about the upcoming demise of civilization due to the conditions of global warming, warning that he has trapped a group of six people in a Turkish-style steamroom to demonstrate the effects of this environment on humans.A local police detective Mancini  tries to get Pettis to reveal information that will help him confirm the truth of his story, and to rescue the hostages, but over the course of the interrogation begins to suspect that either Pettis' story is a delusional hoax, or that the steamroom killing has already taken place. As Pettis describes developments in the streamroom to Mancini, the scene is shown of three men and three women meeting in the steamroom of a luxury hotel as part of an online dating promotion, then being locked in there together. When they discover that they have been locked in, they react badly: Frank  becomes abusive to Jessie , and is killed in her defense by openly neurotic Margaret . Jessie is killed with a nail gun by an unseen assailant when she pokes her head through the small window in the steamroom door; Christopher  is injured in the hand with a nail as the window is boarded over from outside. Margaret becomes agitated and commits suicide. Grant  is bludgeoned by Catherine  after he accuses her and Christopher of being allies of the perpetrators, and repeatedly holds her head underwater. Mancini's call to Pettis' psychiatrist finally brings staff from the local state psychiatric hospital, from which Pettis recently escaped. It is revealed that Christopher and Catherine are staff at this facility, and are unhappy with Pettis for going to the news media and police with this story."] ['Gene Hackman stars as Johnny Gallagher, a Master Sergeant in the United States Army who is assigned to escort a prisoner named Thomas Boyette  back to the United States. When Boyette escapes, Gallagher pursues him and discovers that Boyette is actually a professional assassin hired to kill the leader of the Soviet Union after a meeting in Chicago with the president of the United States. Gallagher is joined by his ex-wife Eileen, a lieutenant colonel in the US Army  and Chicago police Lt. Milan Delich .'] ['A man calling himself Henry Faber is actually "the Needle," a German spy in England bearing critical information on Allied invasion plans that he must deliver personally to the Führer. He\'s so named because of his preferred method of assassination, the stiletto. He is a coldly calculating psychopath, emotionlessly focused on the task at hand, whether the task is to signal a U-boat or to gut a witness to avoid exposure. On his way back to Germany, a fierce storm strands him on Storm Island, occupied only by a woman named Lucy , her disabled husband, their son, and their shepherd, Tom. A romance develops between the woman and the spy, due to an estrangement of affections between Lucy and her husband, whose accident has rendered him emotionally crippled as well. The love affair suggests there\'s a sympathetic personality buried somewhere inside the Nazi spy, though he remains enigmatic. Early on, we discover that he may not enjoy the hand life has dealt him. When a courier asks him about the way he lives, and "What else can one do?" the Needle answers, "One can just stop." Lucy realizes that her lover has been lying after she discovers her husband\'s dead body. "The Needle" must get to Tom\'s radio in time to report to his superiors the exact location of the D-Day invasion. Lucy is the Allies\' last chance. He is reluctant to harm her, but she has no such qualms and shoots him as he tries to escape in a boat. Additional footage tells of Faber\'s activities four years before and of David\'s accident, while another ending finds Lucy receiving help from British Intelligence.'] ['A successful Wall Street trader returns to Britain with her family, but her new home in the countryside contains a disturbing secret.'] ['Brenda is a plain young woman who lives at home with her mother in Liverpool and enjoys writing fairy tales for children. One day she tells her mother that she is leaving home and moving to London in order to find a father for her yet unborn baby. Arriving in London, she has some of her belongings knocked out of her hands by an attractive young man  who doesn’t give her a second look. She ends up living in a grubby bedsit before finding a job at a fashionable boutique , and taking a spare room in a flat owned by one of her co-workers, Caroline specifically as she hopes to meet a man at one of Caroline’s many parties. Peter, appears to live with an older, alcoholic woman. He invites her upstairs. She goes into his room and, unseen, starts screaming. After discovering Caroline in bed with another co-worker that she was interested in , Brenda runs crying out of the flat and onto the streets. She comes across a scruffy dog, and sees its owner looking for it. Recognising the young man who had previously bumped into her , she picks up the dog and runs home with it. Unbeknownst to her, Peter sees her do so. Back at the flat, Brenda washes the dog, and pretties it up with a bow. She then uses the address on the dog’s collar to take it back to Peter. He lets her in, and is nice to her, but upsets her when he insists she tell him why she took the dog. She finally admits that it was because she wanted to meet him, and have a baby with him. He suggests that she moves in with him. While she has gone to get her belongings, Peter kills his dog with a utility knife, ostensibly because it is now pretty. Brenda lies to Caroline, telling her that she is moving in with her mother who is ill. After Brenda returns, Peter starts to buy her baby gifts. Meanwhile Brenda’s mother is worried about not hearing from her daughter, and calls her last known number, which is Caroline’s flat. She then visits Caroline, before going to the police. Caroline looks through Brenda’s old room and finds the dog’s broken lead, which has Peter’s address on it. After Brenda has gone out shopping, Caroline arrives at Peter’s house, and eventually they go to bed. Peter then murders her with the utility knife, again because she is too beautiful. When Brenda returns, Peter is alone in the house . Brenda has had a total makeover – hair, clothes, make-up – in order to look beautiful for Peter. He makes it very clear that he loves her exactly the way she was. He tells a fairy story which is interspersed with flashbacks implying that he has killed multiple women. Brenda and Peter go to bed. A few days later Peter reads in the paper that there are missing person reports out on both Brenda and Caroline, and when he gets home he forbids Brenda to go out. Brenda gives signs that she might now be pregnant, and they both seem happy. Peter tells Brenda he has a surprise for her and takes her up to his bedroom, where he plays here a tape of him killing the dog and Caroline. Brenda becomes hysterical. Later Peter sits alone in his house. There is no sign of Brenda.'] ['{{plot}} In the Louisiana Bayou town of Marsh Island, two farmers discover the mauled, dead body of a local resident, an attractive young girl. Sheriff Aaron Whitaker  is called in. The victim\'s temperamental brother Lawrence Burrifors ([[Geoffrey Lewis  arrives at the crime scene and jumps to the conclusion that the girl\'s lover committed the murder, a man whose very name her brother does not know. The town\'s Dr. Drutan  examines the body and pronounces the girl died of a severe blow to the head caused by a human hand. The sheriff continues to investigate the crime and interviews people who knew the victim. Local residents have a variety of theories, including the belief she was killed by wild dogs. A posse soon forms to track down the wild dogs with little success. Burrifors continues to insist the killer to be his sister\'s mysterious lover while the sheriff, in turn, is suspicious of him. The girl\'s sick and dying father Hugh Burrifors , interviewed by the sheriff, warns him of the "Loug Garog". The sheriff does not understand the French term and local Cajun residents are unable to interpret it. The sheriff\'s investigation soon takes him to the plantation home of the wealthy Andrew Rodanthe  and his sister Louise . They are the last of a local family dynasty with a history stretching back over a century. Andrew, who the sheriff suspects had an affair with the victim, claims to have been suffering an attack of malaria the night the girl was killed. The sheriff, suspicious of the temperamental brother Lawrence after he assaults the town doctor , soon arrests him and puts him in jail. While there, the full moon rises again and Lawrence and the sheriff\'s deputy are killed in a vicious attack as the steel bars of the cell are torn from the wall. With the town\'s terrified residents turning into an angry mob and the sheriff now without assistance, Andrew Rodanthe volunteers to become deputy. Andrew and the sheriff return to Hugh Burrifor\'s house and discover the old man has created a voodoo potion that gives off a vapor meant to repel the "Loug Garog". Rodanthe inhales the potion and goes into what appears to be an epileptic seizure. He is taken to the hospital. While there, Andrew\'s sister Louise tells the sheriff she can speak French fluently and would like to talk to Hugh Burrifor about the unexplainable term "Loug Garog". While speaking with the old man, Louise solves the puzzle. "Loug Garog" is a mispronunciation of "Loup-Garou". Translated into English the term means "werewolf". The next scene shows Andrew turning into a werewolf, revealing him to be the elusive killer. Transformed into a werewolf, Andrew violently escapes the hospital and becomes the subject of a man-hunt. Louise talks to Sheriff Whitaker about werewolf folklore. She reveals a family secret that her grandfather used to suffer from unusual spells of sickness, implying he was also a werewolf and Andrew\'s curse was inherited. Louise returns to her plantation home and is alone when Andrew, still in his werewolf form, quietly enters the house. A frightened Louise attempts to corner the werewolf in a burning barn and eventually shoots the creature with what she assumes are blessed bullets. The sheriff arrives on the scene in time to see Andrew return to his human form before dying.'] ["In 1991, a gang of thieves steal a rare $10 million gem, but in the process, two of the gang double cross their leader, Patrick Koster  and take off with the precious stone. Ten years later, on the day before Thanksgiving, prominent private practice Manhattan child psychiatrist, Dr. Nathan R. Conrad , is invited by his friend and former colleague, Dr. Louis Sachs , to examine a disturbed young lady named Elisabeth Burrows  at the state sanatorium. Having been released from prison on 4 November, Patrick and the remaining gang members break into an apartment, which overviews Nathan's apartment, including his wife Aggie  and daughter Jessie . That evening, Patrick kidnaps the psychiatrist's daughter as a means of forcing him to acquire a 6 digit number from Elisabeth's memory. As Nathan visits Elisabeth, she is reluctant at first but he gains her trust later - especially when he reveals his daughter was kidnapped and will be killed if he doesn't get the number they want. Dr. Sachs admits to Nathan that the gang who kidnapped Jessie also kidnapped his girlfriend to force him to acquire the number from Elisabeth. Louis Sachs is then visited by Detective Sandra Cassidy who reveals to him that his girlfriend has been found dead. Meanwhile, Aggie hears Jessie's voice and realizes the kidnappers reside in the apartment nearby. The kidnappers send one of them to kill Aggie while the others escape with Jessie, but Aggie sets an ambush and kills him. After Nathan takes Elisabeth out of the sanatorium, she begins to remember past events. It is revealed that Elisabeth's dad was a member of the gang that committed the robbery ten years ago and he double crossed them and took the stolen gem. However, other members of the gang later found him and ordered him to reveal where he had hidden the gem, pushing him in front of the train in the subway. The gang members were arrested immediately after that and Elisabeth escapes with her doll, where the gem was hidden. She also remembers that the required number, 815508, is the number of her father's grave at the Hart Island and her doll has been placed beside him in the coffin. She stowed away on a boat that was taking her father's coffin for burial in Potter's field on Hart Island, where the grave digger's helped her put the doll, Mischka, inside. Nathan and Elisabeth steal a boat to reach Hart Island. The gang members track them down and demand that Nathan gives them the number they want. Elisabeth reveals the number and Patrick orders his companion to exhume her father's coffin. He finds the doll and the gem hidden inside it. He then decides to kill Nathan and Elisabeth but Detective Cassidy arrives before he can shoot them. Patrick's companion is shot by Cassidy but Patrick manages to wound her. Taking advantage of the confusion, Nathan takes the gem from Patrick and throws it to a nearby excavation machine. Patrick goes to recover the gem but Nathan triggers the mechanism which covers Patrick with earth, burying him alive. Nathan is then reunited with his wife and daughter, and it is implied that Elisabeth goes on to live with the Conrads."] ['When the existence of a strain of plague  is revealed at the U.S. mission at the International Health Organization, three terrorists seek to blow up the U.S. mission. Two of them are shot, one mortally, by security personnel but one escapes. The surviving terrorist is hospitalized and quarantined and identified as Swedish. Dr. Elena Stradner  and U.S. Colonel Stephen Mackenzie   argue over the nature of the strain, which Stradner suspects is a biological weapon but which Colonel Mackenzie claims was in the process of being destroyed. The third terrorist escapes and stows away on a transcontinental train bound from Geneva to Stockholm. Dr. Stradner believes that the train should be stopped so that the terrorist can be removed and quarantined, but Col. Mackenzie is concerned that all of the passengers on the train may have been infected. Mackenzie insists on rerouting the train to an abandoned ex-Nazi railroad line to a quarantine camp in Janov, Poland. However the line crosses a dangerously unsound steel arch bridge known as the Kaslindrliv Bridge or Cassandra Crossing, out of use since 1948. Mackenzie understands that the bridge might collapse as the train passes over it. The presence of the infected terrorist, and the rerouting of the train, precipitates the second conflict, among passengers on the train; they include Dr. Jonathan Chamberlain , a famous neurologist, his ex-wife Jennifer Rispoli Chamberlain , and Nicole Dressler , the wife of a German arms dealer. She is embroiled in an affair with her young companion Robby Navarro. Navarro is a heroin trafficker being pursued by FBI agent Haley, who is traveling undercover as a priest. Mackenzie informs Dr. Chamberlain of the presence of the stowaway, who is found, but attempts to remove the stowaway via a helicopter are unsuccessful because the train enters a tunnel. Chamberlain is also told that the plague has a 60% mortality rate. Mackenzie, however, informs passengers that police have received reports of anarchist bombs placed along the rail line, and that the train will be rerouted to Nuremberg. There the train is sealed with an enclosed oxygen system and a U.S. Army medical team is placed aboard, with the now-deceased stowaway being placed in a hermetically-sealed coffin. Dr. Chamberlain learns of the risk of the Cassandra Crossing. He also begins to suspect the disease is not as serious as originally thought: few of the passengers have become infected and few of those have actually died. He radios MacKenzie suggesting the infected portion of the train be uncoupled and isolated, but MacKenzie has no intention of stopping the train: if the expected Cassandra Crossing collapse occurs, it will neatly cover the fact that the U.S has been harboring germ warfare agents in a neutral country. Passengers on the train work alone to stop the train before it reaches the Cassandra Crossing. The passengers manage to seize the back half of the train roughly one km before the bridge and detach it, hoping that with less weight, the front half will cross safely. But the bridge collapses, killing everyone aboard the front half. The back end applies the brakes and stops just before reaching the downed bridge. In Geneva, both Stradner and MacKenzie depart: she keeps hope of survivors while he thinks the elimination of the train means no investigations. A guard on duty orders both of them be watched.'] ['"A millionaire detective novelist matches wits with the unemployed actor who ran off with his wife in a deadly serious, seriously twisted game with dangerous consequences.""Synopsis", "Sleuth: A Sony Pictures Classics Release", official film site webpage, accessed October 29, 2007. It is much the same as the original except: * Tindle does not pretend to murder Wyke\'s mistress - instead he pretends to perform the robbery he set up before; * Tindle uses a fake beard and makeup to look like a police officer: * Wyke now tries to seduce Tindle; and * Wyke appears to get off scot free at the end, as opposed to the original where Wyke is likely to be arrested. *In the original, Wyke was an aristocratic eccentric; his vehement dislike of Tindle\'s working-class, Italian roots was the source of much of the tension. This is not the case in this version. *Tindle is an impoverished actor, rather than a wealthy hairdressing-salon owner.'] ["The story begins on a rainy night, when Ilangkumaran and Nallavan escapes from a place and enters chennai with some suspense hidden behind their past. They settle at Pulikutty's  residence and find jobs in a petrol bunk. His honesty and kind heartedness win people. A girl named Bharathi  comes to his life. Her initial wrong belief about Kumaran changes as soon as she knows his kind-heartedness. Soon, the love blooms between them. Ilangkumaran along with his friends start a venture which grows fastly. This makes Pulikutty to give advertisement in a Magazine with their photo. Then comes a group chasing for Kumaran and his friends. Within a few minutes Soori, friend of Kumaran arrives chennai and shares some news. Kumaran's old life is shown in the second half and it is revealed that he is mentally affected because of his dad and stepmother's desire for wealth. Finally, the film comes to an end after many interesting twists."] ["Bogart portrays Glenn Griffin, the leader of a trio of escaped convicts who invade the Daniel Hilliard family's suburban home in Indianapolis and hold four members of a family hostage. There they await the arrival of Griffin's girlfriend, who is bringing the three fugitives funds to aid them in their escape. Police organize a statewide manhunt for the escapees and eventually discover the distraught family's plight. Bogart's character menaces and torments the Hilliards and threatens to kill them, and an unfortunate garbage collector who happens upon the situation is murdered. At the climax of the film, Hilliard  throws Griffin  out of the house by holding Griffin's loaded gun on him. Griffin is subsequently gunned down when he hurls his unloaded gun at a police spotlight and tries to make a break for it."] ["Young babysitter Amanda arrives at the Lloyd residence to spend the evening looking after a young child. Soon after the Lloyds leave, a series of frightening occurrences in the gloomy old house have Amanda's nerves on edge. The real terror begins, however, when the child's biological father appears after recently escaping from a nearby mental institution."] ['A serial killer calling himself "The Cusp" murders his victims and then revives them, until they beg to die. His first victim, psychic investigator Maya Casteneda , survives and is bent on revenge. After she is tapped by the FBI, Maya realizes the only way to locate The Cusp is by entering his mind. But if she dies there, she will also die in real life.'] ["Following a crash of a nuclear bomber at an American Air Force base in the English countryside, Dennis Markham , a prominent Member of Parliament and opponent of the American nuclear presence in the United Kingdom, is reported by a London paper to have been seen leaving a woman's home. When the woman is found to also be familiar with a dignitary from East Germany, his loyalty to his country is questioned, he is hounded by the media and is forced to resign. The author of the newspaper exposé, Nick Mullen , continues his work with colleague Vernon Bayliss  who suspects that Markham is being framed for his views. When Vernon dies from a mysterious 'heart attack', Mullen suspects something deeper at work and finds evidence of a complex cover up concerning a near nuclear accident and a secret US Air Force base. With the help of Markham's secretary, Nina Beckman , Mullen continues to investigate the affair despite the best attempts of the British Government to stop him."] ['A family driving through the U.S. state of New Mexico discover an old ghost town, Weaver, and stop to take snapshots. Patrons at an estranged diner, in a lobotomized or brainwashed state, claim to not have heard of Weaver, although a gas-station attendant warns Jim Henley to "stay on the pavement". Henley, his wife Patty, his son Matt, along with Matt\'s friend Ethan and sister Kate make their way to the ghost town, discovering mysterious symbols and a human-sized dry skin on a wall, also discovering a video tape, which reveals previous visitors were taken by an unseen force, ending with a girl running from the unseen threat. The car, an SUV, is disabled and the family is forced to spend the night in one of the abandoned buildings. The unseen person/force steals their car, along with a flashlight and Jim\'s sweater. The next day, the family discovers the car has been stolen. Deciding to split up, Kate, Patty, and Matt remain in the building while Jim and Ethan set out for the diner. Ethan is attacked by a snake in the desert, but it only bites his wallet. Jim and Ethan also discover a large expanse of glass in the middle of the desert - a plaque in the centre of which reveals it to be a 1948 neutron bomb test site called, naturally enough, "Ground Zero". Ethan vanishes when walking just ahead of Jim over a ridge, and Jim runs off to a nearby car graveyard glimpsed in the distance, where many stolen vehicles, including his SUV are parked in the same fashion as the symbol on the wall. Meanwhile, Patty goes to use the bathroom, notices someone watching her, but falls through rotten boards into a mine shaft. Patty hears growling sounds from below, and climbs further up, discovering many stolen items including a familiar sweater. Matt and Kate search for Patty until Matt finds her, climbing down the mine to help her. The source of the sound, one of the unseen stalkers seen only from 1st person camera movement, makes its way faster to Patty and Matt, however before it can do anything, Patty shoots at it with a gun, though no body is discovered and it is uncertain whether it was harmed. Jim rescues them in the SUV after evading another one or more of the mysterious creatures attempting to prevent him recovering a battery for the car from the vehicle graveyard, only for their way out of Weaver to be blocked by a seemingly driverless school-bus and truck, forcing Jim to drive them both through a clapboard outbuilding to escape. They stop to use a telephone at the diner, but it is useless. Jim and Matt spot a dust cloud moving in their direction from the vicinity of Weaver. Jim visits Sheriff Richards in the nearby town of Two Wells, telling him about Ethan\'s disappearance, the town of Weaver, where the townspeople vanished without a trace, and the unseen beings attacking them. The Sheriff denies all knowledge of the town, but while he is away, Jim is pulled aside by an old inmate named Lester, who gives him a possible explanation, telling him the town does exist and the unseen force is possibly the mutated, deformed offspring of the townspeople, reminiscent of The Hills Have Eyes, who refused evacuation before the bomb was dropped, or the spirits of Indians interred in a burial ground under the town, also mentioning Area 51, although telling Jim aliens are not necessarily the explanation for the unseen forces in Weaver - whether this is anything to do with the truth or simply the ramblings of a madman is never made clear. Kate finds the girl from the video apparently alive, working at the local Dairy Queen, though by the time the family return to confirm this she\'s \'gone off-shift\' and is nowhere to be seen. The family stays at a motel, after the Sheriff agrees to search for Ethan the next day. Kate senses one of the beings watching them from the window, prompting them to decide to leave at once. Sheriff Richards, as a possible sacrifice and exchange, or because of his revelation to Jim, takes Lester to the desert, lights a fire, and leaves him for \'the beings\'. Jim and Patty take Matt and Kate, attempting to flee, but are stopped by the Sheriff, who first attempts to dissuade them from leaving and eventually tells them that he found Ethan. The four of them pick up Ethan, Jim seeing Lester\'s empty cell. Meanwhile, as the five of them flee, Ethan tells them he fell and does not remember anything else, while Matt questions the events. As Jim is distracted, the car hits what appears to be an animal, possibly possessed by the Indian spirits, or one of the unseen mutants, causing the SUV to flip over. The viewpoint of one of the unseen creatures makes its way to the wrecked car, only their screams being heard afterwards. Six Months later, Jim is now the gas-station attendant, while Patty works as the waitress in the diner, all of them in the same lobotomized state as the other members of the town of Two Wells, New Mexico. After Kate has served Sheriff Richards at the diner, the film ends with Kate feeding one of the crows as several bikers turn up at the diner, very possibly to begin the cycle all over again.'] ['The plot revolves around Catherine, a serial killer who seduces men and then murders them throughout countries in Europe. Catherine is trailed by the detective The "Eye" Beauvoir who fantasizes that she is his long-lost daughter and disposes of her trail of corpses to foil the police. Catherine has a real love affair with a blind architect  but The "Eye" \'s jealousy causes the man\'s death. Catherine returns to her psychotic killing. As the police dragnet closes in, Catherine and The Eye have their final showdown.'] ['High school student Alice  convinces her lover, Luc , to murder their classmate Saïd , whom she claims raped her. When they dispose of his body in the woods late one night, the couple get lost on their way back to their car and are taken in by a mysterious hermit . However, matters take a bizarre twist when the stranger locks the young lovers in his basement along with the dead body of Saïd and reveals that he plans to eat them. The stranger harnesses Luc and convinces for sex. He finally gives Luc an option to survive with his girlfriend , Luc finally shares bed with stranger and gets away from the forest without killing his rapist. When the couple comes out of forest they find the police near their car and the police comes to know about their murder and the strange hermit also gets arrested. Luc gets arrested as he gets caught into a bear trap, and Alice tries to run away and finally she gets shot by police. In the final sequence the apprehended Luc attempts to stop the police who are beating the forester up but all in vain. He is carried to the city in the police car. That is how the movie ends.'] ['The movie follows five characters who are lured to an abandoned house in China by letters they all received from their fathers. They soon realize they are not alone and there is one other man in the house with them. Once they start uncovering the secrets, they begin to solve the mystery.'] ["A widower locks up his two children, afraid that they will go mad, as did his wife. He then invites a doctor of dubious reputation to supervise the young people's mental health. Meanwhile, in the vicinity of the house, grisly murders are happening..."] ['Jill Johnson  is babysitting the children of a doctor at their home. When the children are asleep, Jill receives a telephone call from a man who asks her if she has checked the children. At first, Jill dismisses the telephone calls as a practical joke; however, as the calls become more frequent and threatening, Jill becomes frightened and telephones the police, who promise that they would trace the call if Jill would keep him on the telephone line long enough. Jill, frightened to extreme measures, arms herself as she receives one final telephone call from the nefarious caller. Soon after her conversation with him, Jill receives a call from the police, only to find out that the stalker is calling from inside the house. The suspense of this part of the movie climaxes when a light turns on at the top of the staircase, which allows Jill to see the shadow of the stalker. Jill immediately runs to the front door to scream for help. Officer John Clifford  is then shown at the police investigation. At this point, the viewer learns that the children had been murdered by the perp several hours earlier. Also, the murderer is identified; he is an English merchant seaman named Curt Duncan , and is subsequently sent to an asylum. Seven years later, Duncan escapes from the asylum, still psychopathic. Dr. Mandrakis hires ex-cop Clifford, now a private investigator, to find Duncan. Still not knowing Clifford is after him, Duncan is now a homeless, vagrant loner. He gets into a fight and is beaten after disturbing a middle-aged woman, Tracy , in a tavern, and later follows her to her apartment. Feeling sorry for his disastrous appearance and for the fact that his attempts at a conversation with her started the fight in the first place, Tracy makes light conversation with him. While they are in the doorway talking, Tracy\'s phone rings forcing her to excuse herself so she can go answer it. While she is on the phone, Duncan lets himself into her apartment. Tracy doesn\'t tell him to leave her place right away nor explicitly rebuffs his awkward proposal to visit her for coffee the next night, assuming or hoping it will be the last of him she will see. Meanwhile an increasingly obsessed and vindictive Clifford, having confided to a former partner  that his intention is to kill Duncan rather than arrest him, follows Duncan\'s trail right to the tavern where the fight took place, and from there to Tracy\'s residence—- precisely the same night in which Duncan is likely to arrive for his visit. Clifford goes there and tells her just how dangerous her situation has become. He also tells her that Duncan literally tore and hacked up Mandrakis\' children with his bare hands, rendering them virtually unrecognizable, which explains why he was found smeared with blood by the police; this, along with some eerie flashbacks experienced by Duncan later in the movie, is one of the few moments where the carnage at the Mandrakis household is described. Upon hearing this, Tracy reluctantly accepts to be Clifford\'s bait at the tavern that evening, although Duncan doesn\'t arrive and she finally decides to return home. Clifford then leaves Tracy\'s place; Duncan, who was hiding in Tracy\'s closet, pushes her to the wall and briefly muffles her cries for help. When he frees her, her horrified shrieks alert Clifford, force the intruder to flee the scene and mark the start of a cat-and-mouse chase through the streets of downtown Los Angeles, during which Clifford is outrun during at least two occasions and finally loses Duncan\'s track. Jill Johnson is now an adult, married with two young children. One night, Jill and her husband Stephen go out to dinner in celebration of a promotion. A friend named Sharon babysits her children. She references that she saw Jill in the newspaper. Curt Duncan happens to find the same newspaper in the city, and begins to look for Jill once again. While the couple is out, Jill gets a telephone call at the restaurant. She answers, and gets another "Have you checked the children...?" Jill panics and calls Sharon. She says nothing is wrong. The police arrive and escort Jill back home. John Clifford tries to telephone Jill, but gets no signal. Jill and Stephen sleep. Later, Jill goes down for a glass of milk, when the lights go out. She goes back upstairs and gets in bed once again. The closet door opens a little, and she hears the voice of Curt Duncan. She tries to awaken Stephen, who turns around, revealing that Curt is actually in the bed. He rips Jill\'s nightgown and chases her around the room. Clifford arrives, and kills Curt, shooting him twice. Stephen is revealed to be in the closet, alive but seemingly unconscious. As Clifford comforts Jill, the last view is of the house, in view of the frightening eyes of Curt Duncan.'] ['Judge Hardin  is an idealistic Los Angeles jurist who gets frustrated when the technicalities of the law prevent the prosecution of two men who are accused of raping and killing a 10-year-old boy. They were driving slowly late at night and attracted the suspicion of two police officers, who wondered if the van\'s occupants might be burglars. After checking the license plate for violations, the policemen pulled them over for expired paperwork, claimed to have smelled marijuana, then saw a bloody shoe inside the van. However, the paperwork was actually submitted on time , meaning the police had no reason to pull over the van and Hardin has no choice  but to throw out any subsequently discovered evidence, i.e. the bloody shoe. Hardin is even more distraught when the father of the boy attempts to shoot the criminals in court but misses and shoots a cop instead. Subsequently, the father commits suicide while in jail only after he informs Hardin that another boy has been discovered raped and murdered and tells him "This one is on you, your Honor. That boy would be alive if you hadn\'t let those men go." After hearing all this, Judge Hardin approaches his friend, Judge Caulfield , who tells him of a modern-day Star Chamber: a group of judges who identify criminals who fell through the judicial system\'s cracks and then take actions against them outside the legal structure. Judge Hardin participates in one of these proceedings in which he presents the case of the two criminals. The Star Chamber declares them "guilty" and dispatches a hired assassin. Soon afterward, however, a police detective  comes to Judge Hardin with conclusive evidence that someone else raped and killed the boy. Realizing that he and the Star Chamber have just sentenced two men to die for a crime they didn\'t commit, Hardin implores the Star Chamber to recall the assassin, but is told by the other judges that the hit cannot be canceled. For the judges\' own protection, their system includes a buffer between themselves and the assassin; they don\'t know who he is and he doesn\'t know who they are. They rationalize to Hardin that although an occasional mistake is inevitable and regrettable, what they are doing still serves society\'s greater good &mdash; especially, they argue, considering that the two targeted men are clearly criminals guilty of plenty of other crimes, even if not of the specific crime for which the group convicted them. Hardin makes it clear that he does not accept their reasoning. Caulfield warns him to back down because the group will do whatever they have to in order to protect themselves. Hardin refuses to heed this warning and says he will do whatever he can to stop the men from being killed. He then tracks down the men in an attempt to warn them. However, when he arrives, they do not trust him, as he has stumbled across their illegal drug operation. After they attack him, Hardin is saved by the hitman, disguised as a police officer, who kills the two men before they can kill Hardin. The hitman points his gun at Hardin, but at the last moment, the detective arrives and kills the hitman. The movie ends with the Star Chamber deciding another "case" without Hardin, who is outside in a car with the detective recording their conversation.'] ["Lisa Connors, an Anders University freshman, has big hopes of a job at the university newspaper. Her ambitious mother, Gwen, suggests Lisa should join a sorority, Pi Gamma Beta , as she herself had great fun. Lisa applies to Pi Gamma Beta, the most prestigious sorority on campus. Lisa also talks her way into joining the school newspaper, even though she is not qualified. At the paper, she meets Steven Tyler, a fellow student with whom she becomes involved romantically. In order to join the sorority, mainly consisting of snobs who enjoy others' suffering, candidates must endure the cruel humiliation of hazing. Shelby Blake, another freshman desperate for sorority acceptance, immediately befriends Lisa. When Steven discovers Lisa and Shelby's experiences in connection with PGB, including, apparently, having to eat broken glass, he is appalled. He publishes an article critical of hazing. This leads to his being beaten up. Lisa refuses to cooperate when the sorority require the two applicants to strip and strut back and forth across a table while the sorority call out degrading and hurtful names and draw on the candidates' skin. In consequence, Lisa is absent when the girls take Shelby up a clock tower to hang a banner. Shelby falls to her death when sorority sister, Drea Davenport, orders her to go over the railing. The next day, Shelby's death is declared a suicide. Reluctant Lisa, with Steven's prompting, decides to investigate even though the hostile sorority claim it was an accident. Through this she risks her reputation and academic future. With Steven's help, Lisa contacts a student who was involved in a cruel hazing by the same sorority a year earlier. This student reveals that she almost died and received a settlement from the university to keep quiet. Lisa realizes that Shelby was pressured by her peers into doing something really dangerous that resulted in death. When Lisa uncovers the truth, the school authorities and the sorority do their best to silence her but Lisa is determined to end the hazing. Lisa tricks the sorority leader and another sister into going to the Bell Tower where Lisa plays a tape recording of the other girl's account of her near death from Pi Gamma Beta's hazing. As Lisa and her mother walk past Greek Row, the Pi Gamma Betas are all removing their belongings, possibly because Pi Gamma Beta's charter has been terminated. Lisa's mother admits that she enjoyed being in Pi Gamma Beta because of the people, not the actual sorority. Lisa's relationship with Steven survives."] ["Set in the late 19th-century New Mexico, Samuel Jones reappears hoping to reconcile with his adult daughter Maggie Gilkeson. She is unable to forgive him for abandoning the family and leaving her mother to a hard life and early death. This situation changes when Pesh-Chidin and a dozen of his followers who have left the reservation pass through the area, ritualistically killing settlers and taking their daughters to be sold into prostitution and slavery across the Mexican border. Among those captured is Maggie's eldest daughter, Lilly. Maggie's rancher boyfriend Brake Baldwin was among the settlers killed. The U.S. Cavalry refuses to help retrieve the captive women as its resources are tied up conducting forced relocation of captive Native Americans. This leaves Maggie, her father, and her younger daughter Dot alone in tracking the attackers. The group unexpectedly meets up with Kayitah, a Chiricahua, and an old friend of Jones, who also happens to be tracking the attackers with his son Honesco, because among the captives is a young Chiricahua woman who is engaged to Honesco. After the two agree to join the group, and Maggie treats Honesco's injuries, Kayitah informs Maggie that Jones had been a member of their Chiricahua band where he gained the name Chaa-duu-ba-its-iidan,  during his wanderings. It is finally with the combined efforts of the two families that they are able to free the women, at the cost of Kayitah's life, and immediately flee to the mountains with the kidnappers behind them. Knowing they have no other choice but to stand their ground, the group fights off the remaining kidnappers including Two Stone. During the battle, Jones fights El Brujo, the one responsible for kidnapping his granddaughter, Lilly. When Brujo attempts to kill Maggie with a pistol, Jones sacrifices his life to save his daughter as both he and Brujo fall off a cliff to their deaths. Maggie shoots the last remaining kidnapper Naazhaao to death. She realizes her father's love for her and finally forgives him."] ['Ever since his son died in a car accident six years ago, Dr. Ranveer  has been very protective of his daughter Ria . While walking home on a rainy night from college, Ria gets frightened as a gang of motorists zoom by her, making her drop her umbrella. She yells at them until they stop feet away and when one of the men ([[John Abraham  removes his helmet and walks over to Ria, helping her picks up her wet notebooks. On another day Ria and her friends go to a club and the man who had helped Ria approaches her while at the bar. She is surprised to meet him again and is stunned when he tells her that he has been thinking about her ever since that rainy night. He forces her to dance, and there she feels something for him then but she does not want to admit it. Dr. Ranveer shows up asking for Ria. The man introduces himself as Aryan before she leaves. Dr. Ranveer wants to take Ria home. Aryan goes with his friends to a brothel where a prostitute named Saira teases Aryan and angers him when she asks him to sleep with her to which he refuses. He takes her in a dark room where she thinks they are going to have sex, but Aryan brutally beats her up. Dr. Ranveer is called to the hospital to treat her. The next morning, Aryan walks into Ria\'s class and takes her to his place where he shows her a portrait he made of her the first night they met. When she tells him it\'s beautiful, more beautiful than her, he lights it on fire and tells her that there\'s nothing in the world that is better than her. She runs out of his apartment terrified, but realizes that she\'s fallen in love with him. They begin to spend time together and he asks her if they can meet the next day. Ria walks into her house joyous and totally in love where she learns that her parents have planned a surprise vacation to a cabin they rented for four days. Ria tells her parents that she does not want to miss out on any school, but they assure her she will not. They go to the cabin and Ria thinks about Aryan, who is at his house looking gradually at the clock as hours pass by waiting for Ria. He then smashes his clock in rage. Ria cleans around the cabin and looks out the window to see Aryan. She rushes outside to look for him but does not see him, until he strangles her saying that she deceived him and was trying to get away from him. He lets her go and she explains she left for her father\'s happiness and explains the horrific day of the car accident six years ago that hospitalized Dr. Ranveer for six months but killed her brother. Aryan apologizes and tells her that her father only has a place in her heart and that he has everything else. They spend the next three days together and Dr. Ranveer spots them together at Aryan\'s place. He takes Ria home and tells her to call him over for tea. She is thrilled and when Aryan comes over, he makes a good impression on her mother , but not her father and Aryan tells Ria that he sensed that. Dr. Ranveer tells his wife that he\'s seen Aryan somewhere before and that it is something disturbing. Aryan tries to steal a car with his friends so that they can sell it for money. But one of his friends gets injured in the process. They take him to the hospital. Dr. Ranveer tells the prostitute Saira that her wounds will heal eventually and then she spots Aryan, who is stunned to see Dr. Ranveer treating Saira, but he does not see Aryan. Saira tries to tell Dr. Ranveer that Aryan beat her, but Dr. Ranveer does not see Aryan\'s face. One day while trying to find a colleague\'s phone number, Dr. Ranveer finds an old article about Aryan saying that he killed his own father and he shows Ria and his wife. Ria confronts Aryan about this, and he tells her that he did kill his father for the sake of his mother. His father used to drink and beat Aryan\'s mother everyday and one day from college he finds out that his mother had died. So he burnt his father alive. Ria apologizes and they make up. She tries to explain to her father, but he refuses to believe Aryan\'s innocence, pointing that he was still a killer. Ria then yells at her father saying that he\'s so over-protective just because his son died, and that he\'s making everyone miserable and Ria\'s mother slaps her and Ria tells them that she hates them. Dr. Ranveer decides to dig deeper and finds out that Aryan\'s mother is alive and the reason Aryan killed his father was because Aryan was in love with his college teacher named Sanjana. She was leaving the city and getting married when Aryan goes to her house and tries to kill. His father intervenes with the police and Aryan is locked up in his room. Sanjana stops by his house to thank his father and she leaves, and Aryan snaps. The parents see a fire starting inside Aryan\'s room. His father busts through the door where Aryan hurls him into the fire. Dr. Ranveer devises a plan to lure Aryan into believing that Sanjana is back to warn Ria about Aryan and he finds out that it was just a trick to show Ria his true self. Ria feels horrible that she trusted and loved someone like him and Aryan gets dragged away by the police for attempting to kill "Sanjana", who was really Ria\'s friend. A while later, Dr. Ranveer gets a call saying that Aryan has escaped from prison. Ria tells her parents that he knows they are at the factory and will come and get her and if she refuses to leave with him, he will kill her. Aryan arrives with his friends and breaks into the factory. Aryan sends his men to look for the family, kill the parents and bring Ria to him so that he could kill her himself. Dr. Ranveer kills the men one by one and when he confronts Aryan, Dr. Ranveer and Aryan fight until Aryan knocks him unconscious. Aryan goes after Ria & her mother. He is about to hit Ria when Dr. Ranveer comes from behind and attacks Aryan. Aryan breaks off a plank of wood and hits Dr. Ranveer and then goes after Ria and her mother. Dr. Ranveer pulls an anchor attached to a rope which goes through Aryan, killing him. The next morning Dr. Ranveer drops Ria off at college and tells her that she needs to be strong and not think of this again. She runs into her friends who joke and laugh with her as Dr. Ranveer looks at his daughter smiling and he wipes away a tear from his eye, knowing that everything is back to normal.'] ["A contemporary psychological thriller in which a young British couple travelling through the Australian outback become involved with a mysterious and charismatic American whose motive for imposing his friendship upon them becomes increasingly suspect and sinister. The film opens with Alex  arriving in Sydney, making his way to a backpacker's hostel, where he meets Taylor . After partying one night, Alex awakens with Taylor standing over him with a Polaroid camera, snapping a photo of Alex with a girl he had met that night. Taylor learns that Alex is travelling to Byron Bay to meet up with his girlfriend, Sophie , and suggest they travel together. Alex and Taylor appear to get along well and soon arrive at Byron Bay. When Alex and Taylor meet up with Sophie, she is travelling with a friend, Ingrid . The four of them soon decide to travel together, headed towards Katherine Gorge in the Northern Territory. The following day as they are preparing to leave Byron Bay for the Australian outback, Ingrid mysteriously disappears. When Sophie quizzes Taylor about her unannounced departure, he shrugs off her concern. Taylor, Alex and Sophie set off for the outback in Taylor's car."] ['Jack , a gunsmith and contract killer, and his lover Ingrid  are relaxing in a remote cabin in Sweden. While they are walking, Jack becomes alarmed by a single pair of footprints in the snow. His instincts kick in just as sniper gunshots ring out. As they dive for cover, a panicked and horrified Ingrid watches Jack pull a gun from his pocket. Jack quickly silences her questions and shoots the approaching sniper. Ingrid is almost in shock from the events. She begins to understand something is seriously wrong beyond the fact that she and Jack have just been attacked. As Jack begins to probe the murdered assassin\'s clothing for identification she asks him what he is doing. Jack knows his true identity is in jeopardy and that he cannot allow Ingrid to call the police. He instructs her to go into the house and make the call and with cold detachment, shoots her in the back as she runs past. Jack then tracks down a second assassin lurking in the snow and kills him. He flees to Rome and contacts a "business associate", his handler named Pavel . Pavel insists that Jack cannot stay in Rome, sends him to Castelvecchio  and tells him "Don\'t make any friends, Jack." Jack becomes nervous, and, disposing of the cell phone which Pavel had given him, goes to nearby Castel del Monte instead. Jack has been deeply shaken by the events in Sweden. As a contract killer for hire, his skills as an assassin have been a commodity he has coldly and stoically sold, but the murder of Ingrid, a friend in the wrong place at the wrong time, causes him great anguish. While in Abruzzo, Jack  contacts Pavel, who sets him up with another job. He meets with a woman, Mathilde , who wants him to build a custom-designed sniper rifle for an assassination. He also begins patronizing a prostitute, Clara  and they begin a relationship separate from her business duties. His considerable skills as a craftsman are on display as he fashions a custom sound suppressor for the gun out of spare parts and drive shaft bearings obtained at a local automotive garage and an attaché case for its concealment and transport. Jack meets with Mathilde to test the weapon, based on a Ruger Mini-14 .http://www.imfdb.org/wiki/American,_The Mathilde is impressed by the craftsmanship, but asks that Jack make a few more adjustments. Later, Jack realizes that he is being followed by an assassin from Sweden, whom he kills. Jack begins to be tormented by dreams of the events in Sweden and regret for having killed Ingrid to cover his true identity. His relationship with a local priest Father Benedetto  causes him to question his life choices and the emptiness of his life on the run. Both Mathilde and Clara notice Jack\'s association with butterflies, Mathilde by his expertise on endangered butterflies and Clara by his prominent tattoo. When Father Benedetto tells Jack he senses he lives in a special kind of hell..."a place without love", Jack begins to allow himself to feel love for Clara and he begins to envision a life with her. Jack talks to Pavel one last time, asking how the Swedes have possibly found him. His paranoia grows to the point that even Clara comes under suspicion when Jack discovers a small pistol in her purse she keeps for protection. While on a picnic, he sees Clara reach into her bag and he retrieves a gun from inside the picnic basket. His eyes fill with despair that he might have to kill another woman he has been intimate with to cover his identity. Clara removes a tube of sunscreen from her bag and asks a greatly relieved "Edward" to put some on her back. In the car, Jack questions Clara about the gun and is satisfied with her explanation. She asks him to take her home with him. Jack refuses but his outward facade of the stone faced, cold blooded killer is crumbling. Jack agrees to deliver the weapon to Mathilde as his last job, but at the last moment he reopens the briefcase and modifies the rifle. At the drop-off, Jack becomes suspicious that Mathilde plans to kill him. Before anything can happen, a busload of school children arrives, and the two separate. While driving away, Mathilde is contacted by Pavel, who asks if she has killed Jack. She informs him she has not, but insists that she is following Jack and will kill him. In town, Clara meets Jack in the crowd at a local religious procession. Jack realizes his life as an assassin is over and that he has fallen deeply in love with Clara..He asks her to go away with him and she agrees. Mathilde attempts to assassinate Jack from a nearby rooftop, but the rifle backfires and explodes in her face due to Jack\'s adjustments. Seeing her fall from the roof, Jack shoves an envelope thick with cash from the gun deal into Clara\'s hands and tells Clara to go to a river where they previously picnicked and wait for him. He runs to Mathilde, who is dying on the pavement, and discovers she works for Pavel, the same as Jack does. As Jack goes to meet Clara, he notices that Pavel is following him. They exchange gunfire, and Pavel is killed. Jack doesn\'t realize he has been shot at first and he drives to meet Clara at the river. As his physical distress begins to alarm him, Jack feels his abdomen and blood soaked shirt realizing for the first time he has been injured. He pounds the steering wheel with a bloody fist in anger and despair. Jack arrives at the picnic spot and as he sees Clara, he collapses. Clara screams and runs to the car. A white, endangered butterfly flits skyward from Jack\'s car backlit by ethereal light filtering through the tall trees of the forest. The credits roll.'] ["Harry  is a seasoned CIA agent who is looking to forget his past and become his cover identity—a jazz club owner in Helsinki, Finland. Natasha  is a young, ambitious SVR agent who is looking to secure a future for herself amidst the chaos of the new Russian Republic and her floundering intelligence agency. Originally assigned to spy on Harry, Natasha has fallen in love with the object of her spying, and her assignment has led to a torrid love affair between the two. Like all couples, they are keeping secrets from each other—but in their case, the secrets have international implications. Harry's life with Natasha is disrupted when a young, over-zealous CIA agent, Dave , comes to Helsinki to intercept a videotape encoded with state secrets en route from New York. The videotape's hidden code is so sensitive that those who come in contact with the tape are soon killed. Dave is pursuing the unsuspecting courier, a manic ex-bond trader named Max , who is unaware of what he is carrying. Max took the job by chance, following his recent prison term for stock market fraud. Natasha sees the videotape as a possible ticket out of the SVR and into the United States and the American Dream. In fact, everyone involved except Harry is planning to exploit the encoded videotape. Harry's only plan is to prevent Natasha from getting herself killed—or worse, from leaving him for America.{{cite web}}"] ['The film begins with captured World War II film footage of the rescue from Italy of Mussolini by German paratroopers. Inspired by the rescue of Hitler\'s ally Benito Mussolini by Otto Skorzeny, a similar idea is considered by Hitler, with the support of Himmler . Admiral Canaris , head of the Abwehr , is ordered to make a feasibility study of the seemingly impossible task of capturing the British Prime Minister Winston Churchill and bringing him to Germany. Canaris considers the idea a joke, but realizes that although Hitler will soon forget the matter, Himmler will not. Fearing Himmler may try to discredit him, Canaris orders one of his officers, Oberst Radl  to undertake the study, despite feeling that it is a waste of time. An Unteroffizier on Radl\'s staff, Karl, finds that one of their spies, code named Starling, has provided tantalizing intelligence - Winston Churchill is to visit an airfield near the village of Studley Constable in Norfolk, where Joanna Grey , a German sleeper agent lives. Radl comes up with a scheme that could work, called \'Eagle\', where the kidnapping will procede with German troops leading the action. He also is convinced that \'synchronicity\' is behind it all, where actions and conditions merge at the proper moment, at the proper time. Himmler summons Radl and unofficially tells him to proceed, without notifying Canaris and with Hitler\'s knowledge. Radl recruits Liam Devlin , a member of the IRA lecturing at a Berlin university, to the mission. Radl looks for a suitable officer to lead the mission and chances upon the highly decorated and experienced, but conflicted and anti-Nazi, Fallschirmjäger officer Oberst Kurt Steiner . While returning from the Eastern Front, Steiner intervened when SS soldiers rounded up Jews at a railway station in Poland, and attempted to save the life of a teenage girl who was shot while trying to escape. For this, he was court-martialled, along with a platoon of his men. Rather than face the firing squad, the men were allowed to transfer to a penal unit on the Channel Island of Alderney, where they made high risk attacks with torpedo boats against British channel convoys. Radl travels to Alderney and, with the help of Devlin, recruits Steiner and his surviving men. The team will parachute into England from a captured C-47 with Allied markings. The commandos outfit themselves as Polish paratroopers, as few of them speak English. The plan is to infiltrate Studley Constable, complete their mission, rendezvous with an E-boat on the nearby coast and escape. The plan is foiled when a German paratrooper rescues a local girl from certain death by a water wheel. He instead is killed in the process and his German uniform  is revealed to the onlooking villagers. The locals are rounded up but Pamela Vereker , the sister of the village priest Father Vereker , escapes to alert a unit of the United States Army Rangers stationed nearby. Inexperienced, glory-seeking Colonel Pitt  tries to foil the German plan almost single-handed but is killed by treasonous Nazi sympathizer Joanna Grey in her house, while his poorly-planned assault on the church fails with heavy casualties. Pitt\'s young deputy, Captain Clark  then organizes a second, successful attack. Steiner\'s men sacrifice themselves to delay the Americans while Devlin, Steiner and his wounded second-in-command Neustadt  escape, with the aid of local girl Molly Prior  who was romantically involved with Devlin. Instead of boarding the boat, Steiner makes one last attempt at Churchill. Steiner infiltrates the country house and apparently succeeds in shooting Churchill before being shot himself. However, when Captain Clark appears on the scene, he is informed that "Churchill" was actually an impersonator - the real Prime Minister is at the Tehran Conference. With the failure of the operation, Radl is executed by firing squad under the pretext that he was "Giving orders beyond his control to a point of treason": before this, he lets his assistant Karl leave so he won\'t be arrested. In this way Himmler distances himself from the failed mission. In England, Devlin disappears to live in obscurity.'] ['The innocent owner of a car used in a back-room bookie operation robbery is "railroaded"  for the killing of a cop during the getaway. Police detective Mickey Ferguson  at first thinks the boy is guilty despite his attraction for his sister Rosa. The two work together to prove the boy innocent even though he was accused of the killing during a death bed confession by one of the robbers. John Ireland plays Duke Martin, a gangster who helped plan the crime in an attempt to skim from his boss\'s money.'] ['An American family, Dr. Ben McKenna , his wife Jo  and their son Hank ([[Christopher Olsen  are vacationing in Morocco. On a bus from Casablanca to Marrakesh, they befriend a Frenchman named Louis Bernard , who is friendly enough, but Jo becomes suspicious at his many questions and evasive answers, and thinks he is hiding something. Bernard offers to take the McKennas out to dinner that night but suddenly cancels when a sinister-looking man arrives at the door of the McKenna\'s hotel room claiming to be looking for another guest\'s room. Later, while dining at a local restaurant, the McKennas meet an English couple, the Draytons, who strike up a conversation with the McKennas, who are surprised to see Bernard arrive at the restaurant and sit at another table while apparently ignoring the group. The next day, while exploring a busy outdoor marketplace in Marrakesh with the Draytons, the McKennas see a man in Arab clothing being chased by police. After being stabbed in the back, the man approaches Ben, who discovers the man is really Bernard in disguise. Before dying, Bernard whispers into Ben\'s ear that a foreign statesman will be murdered in London very soon, and that he must tell the authorities there about \'Ambrose Chappell\'. Mrs. Drayton offers to return Hank to the hotel while Dr. and Mrs. McKenna are questioned by the authorities. The interrogator reveals that Bernard was a French Intelligence agent on assignment in Morocco. While at the police station, Ben receives a phone call from a mysterious man who informs him that Hank has been kidnapped but will not be harmed if the McKennas say nothing to the police about Bernard\'s last words. After arriving in London the McKennas are told by Scotland Yard Inspector Buchanan that Bernard was indeed a spy trying to uncover an assassination plot in Morocco, and that they should contact him if they hear from the kidnappers. Leaving friends in their hotel room, the McKennas follow a false lead resulting from their assumption that \'Ambrose Chappell\' is a person, but finally track the kidnappers to a church named \'Ambrose Chapel\', the kidnappers\' base of operations where Mr. Drayton, posing as a minister, is leading a service. While Jo calls police, Drayton ends the service early and Ben confronts him and is knocked out. The Draytons take Hank to a foreign embassy just before Jo arrives with the police at the seemingly deserted chapel. Jo learns Buchanan has gone to a concert at the Royal Albert Hall and goes there to get his help. There she sees the man who mistakenly came to her door in Morocco. When he threatens her son if she interferes, she realises he is the assassin sent to kill the foreign Prime Minister  now also at the concert hall. Ben escapes the locked chapel and tracks Jo to the hall, where she points out the assassin to him. Ben frantically searches the balcony boxes for the killer, who is waiting for a cymbal crash to mask the gunshot. But when Jo sees the barrel of the assassin\'s gun appear from behind a curtain, she screams just as the cymbals crash, causing him to miss his mark and merely wound his target. Ben finds and struggles with the assassin, who falls to his death from the balcony. The grateful Prime Minister invites the McKennas to meet with him at his London embassy. The McKennas learn that the Draytons have taken refuge in the Prime Minister\'s embassy, where Hank is being held, and where the ambassador has led the plot to kill his own Prime Minister. Hatching a plan to find their son, Ben and Jo arrive at the residence and are welcomed as heroes for having saved the Prime Minister\'s life. Jo loudly sings a song Hank is familiar with so that he will hear his mother\'s voice and hopefully respond to it. Mrs. Drayton, who is guarding Hank but is unwilling to harm him, tells him to whistle along with the song, which draws Ben to the room where he is being held. Mr. Drayton catches them and tries to escape with the two as hostages, but is struck by Ben and falls down the stairs and is killed when his gun fires accidentally. The McKennas return to their now-sleeping friends in their hotel room, where Ben says, "I\'m sorry we were gone so long, but we had to go over and pick up Hank."'] ["Slade, a serial killer, is a lodger in a 19th Century family's London home. So is a singer, Kitty Langley, who definitely has caught Slade's eye. Women are being killed in the Whitechapel district, brutally. Scotland Yard is investigating and a detective, John Warwick, begins to cast his suspicions in Slade's directions. Warwick, meanwhile, has also developed an attraction to Langley. Slade goes to see her perform at a cabaret. He goes backstage afterward and tries to make her his next victim, but Warwick's men get there just in time. Unwilling to be taken into police custody, Slade flees to the riverbank and leaps to his death."] ['{{plot}} Walter Sparrow  is an animal control officer married to Agatha ; they have a son, Robin . At a bookstore, Agatha begins looking at a book called "The Number 23" written by Topsy Kretts. She later gives Walter the book as a birthday present. Walter starts reading the book, noticing odd similarities between himself and the main character, a detective who refers to himself as "Fingerling". Walter begins to have dreams of murdering Agatha. After one such dream he checks into a motel where he stays up all night finishing the book, only to discover that it ends at chapter 22 with Fingerling about to commit suicide after murdering his lover. The next day, Walter sees a dog who he had earlier tried to capture. It leads him to a cemetery and the grave of Laura Tollins  a college student who had been murdered by her professor Kyle Flinch , with whom she was having an affair. The circumstances of Laura\'s murder mirror those of Fingerling\'s lover in the book. Walter thinks the professor wrote the book as a secret confession and goes to see him in jail. The man proclaims his innocence of the murder and of being the author, stating he would never choose a pen name like "Topsy Kretts," pointing out that it is an obvious homophone for "Top Secrets." Upon discovering an address in the book, the family arranges a meeting with Topsy Kretts , who, upon being confronted by Walter, becomes panicked, proclaims that Walter should be dead and slits his own throat. Inside the man\'s pockets, Agatha finds an ID card belonging to a mental institution, showing the man is Dr. Sirius Leary. She goes to the abandoned asylum and finds Walter\'s name on a box in Leary\'s office. Meanwhile, Robin and Walter discover that every 23rd word on every 23rd page of the book spells out two messages which lead them to "Casanova\'s Park." They arrive at the park late that night and go down a staircase marked "The Steps to Heaven" which consists of 23 steps. At the bottom, they dig deep in the ground and discover a human skeleton, presumably Laura Tollins, but when they return with a police officer, the bones have disappeared. Walter confronts Agatha about taking the bones and accuses her of writing the book. She admits to moving the skeleton to protect him, but tells Walter that it was he who wrote the book, and shows him the contents of the box from the Institute. In the box there is a manuscript of The Number 23 with Walter\'s name on it and an ankle bracelet that belonged to Laura Tollins. He returns to the hotel to room 23, where he tears down the wallpaper and finds the missing 23rd chapter written all over the wall. The chapter explains that the story was Walter\'s confession and he remembers why he did everything: his father killed himself after the death of Walter\'s mother. His suicide note was just pages of things that added up to the number 23. Walter loved Laura Tollins and grew obsessed with 23 because of his father. Laura began sleeping with her professor. Walter tried to warn her about the number being dangerous and how it was going to come after her. She told him he was crazy, daring Walter to kill her. Walter went into a rage, stabbing her and burying her in the park, which Ned observed. The professor was the first to walk into the room where Laura was killed, and he picked up the knife, covering the weapon with his fingerprints and staining his hands with blood. With this evidence, he was convicted for the murder. Walter went to the hotel room, wrote The Number 23, placing the 23rd chapter on the walls, floor and every other part of the room, and then jumped off the balcony. He survived but suffered severe injuries and trauma. Walter ended up in the institute where Dr. Leary worked. Dr. Leary read the manuscript and, after publishing it, became obsessed with the number 23 himself. Because of the fall, Walter suffered memory loss and upon leaving the institute he met Agatha. Agatha finds Walter at the hotel, and tries to assure him that he is no longer the person he was when he wrote the book. He insists that he is a killer, accepting the fact that he murdered Laura Tollins, and tells Agatha to leave before he kills her too. Agatha pushes a letter opener into Walter\'s hand, saying that if he is indeed a killer, he can easily kill again, and dares him to kill her. She tells him that she loves him. Walter tells her that she can\'t love him because no one can, mirroring an accusation made by Laura on the night of her murder. He leaves the hotel and runs into the street, where he nearly allows himself to be run over by a bus, but steps out of the way at the last minute when he realizes his son is watching. As he embraces his family, a voiceover by Walter tells the audience that he turned himself in to the police and is awaiting sentencing, having been told that the judge will likely go easy on him since he turned himself in. A funeral procession takes place in front of Laura Tollins\'s grave, where it is implied her body has finally been laid to rest, as Flinch observes, finally a free man. At the end of the film, viewers can see the Bible reading from Numbers 32:23: "Be sure your sin will find you out."'] ["Blair plays Shawn, a suicidal loan officer at a bank. She is having an affair with the bank vice-president, who is married; after discovering that his wife is pregnant, she goes to the roof to kill herself. In the meantime bank robbers hijack an armored car. When the police arrive to break up the robbery, one of the robbers, Charlie Anders , takes Shawn hostage. They make a deal: she will help him escape if he promises to kill her afterwards. As poetic justice, the bank vice-president was a collaborator in the robbery but is arrested. The film begins at the moment when Shawn and Charlie jump into the water, then jumps back to 24 hours earlier. In the scenes when Charlie and Shawn are hiding out near his boat, you can see the clock moving backwards.  Two detectives, young Agent Reed, played by Lochlyn Munro, and the older Agent McGinley, played by O'Neal Compton, are trying to solve the case. McGinley's wife keeps calling to nag. Reed is extremely knowledgeable about suicide because his sister killed herself. Two robbers: young Billy, played by Brendan Fehr, and the older Jason Thompson, played by Tom Heaton. Thompson is expecting to die, either from a life of debauchery or a bad prostate."] ['Kathie Rauch from Milwaukee, Wisconsin sends a letter to the German Embassy in Washington, D.C. claiming the Hindenburg zeppelin will explode after flying over New York. In the meantime, Luftwaffe Colonel Franz Ritter  boards with the intention of protecting the Hindenburg as various threats have been made to down the airship, which some see as a symbol of Nazi Germany. Ritter is assisted by a Nazi government official, SS/Gestapo Hauptsturmführer Martin Vogel , who poses as official photographer. However, both operate independently in investigating the background of all passengers and crew on the voyage. Ritter has reason to suspect everyone, even his old friend, Countess Ursula von Reugen , who vehemently opposes the Nazi regime. Other prime suspects include card sharks Emilio Pajetta  and Major Napier , Edward Douglas , a suspicious German-American ad executive, as well as several crew members and even the Hindenburg captains Pruss  and Lehmann . As the Hindenburg makes its way to Lakehurst Air Field, events conspire against Ritter and Vogel. They soon suspect the rigger Karl Boerth , a former Hitler Youth leader who has become disillusioned with the Nazis. Ritter attempts to arrest him. Boerth resists. He requests help from Ritter, whose son was killed a year before. Boerth\'s girlfriend, Freda Halle, was killed while trying to escape arrest as the Hindenburg crossed the Atlantic. Boerth, upon hearing the news of Halle\'s death, plans to commit suicide by staying aboard the airship as the bomb goes off. Ritter eventually agrees with Boerth to set the bomb to 7:30, when the airship should have landed and passengers disembarked. While setting up the bomb, Boerth drops the knife part which is recovered by a crew member, to cover up the loss of his knife, Boerth stole the knife from fellow Rigger Ludwig Knorr. Vogel starts to work behind Ritter\'s back, arresting Boerth and confiscating the Countess\'s passport. As the airship approaches Lakehurst Naval Air Station at 7:00, Ritter now realizes the landing has been delayed and searches for Boerth to ask where the bomb is. Vogel is caught by Ritter torturing Boerth and gets into a fight with Ritter and is knocked unconscious. An injured Boerth tells Ritter the bomb is in the repair patch of gas cell 4. Ritter attempts to defuse the bomb, but is unable to do so in time and is spotted at the last few seconds by a now awakened Vogel. The bomb explodes, killing Ritter instantly and sending Vogel flying down the walkway. Vogel would later survive, being carried by ground crewmen, while Boerth dies of his burns. At this point the film changes to monochrome in order to match up with the newsreel footage of the disaster. Passengers and crew struggle to survive the fire. The disaster scene ends when the camera pans over wreckage, towards a strip of burning fabric that says "Hindenburg" on it. The following day, with the fire cleared, a list of passengers who died or survived is described briefly, while the wreckage is examined for the inquiry before being cleaned up. The story ends with a tribute to Herbert Morrison\'s radio commentary, with the memorable quotation, "Oh the humanity," as the Hindenburg flies once again, only to disappear again in the clouds.'] ["The film follows a young woman who goes to take up a new position working in a boy's boarding school. She soon begins to believe she is losing her mind when she starts being terrorized by a one-armed man."] ['Graham Hess  is a former Episcopal priest. His wife Colleen  was killed in a traffic accident caused by Ray Reddy . The accident left Graham embittered and caused him to renounce his faith in God, and so left the ministry. Graham\'s younger brother Merrill , a former minor league baseball player, helps run the family farm in rural Pennsylvania and care for Graham\'s kids, Morgan  and Bo . Bo has a habit of leaving half-empty glasses of water around the house, because "[they] taste funny". Life at the farm is uneventful until a mysterious crop circle is found in the cornfield, but Graham thinks it\'s a hoax. That night, a frightened Bo wakes Graham up saying that there\'s a monster outside her bedroom window. Graham, thinking she is having nightmares, tucks her back into bed but as he looks out the window he sees the silhouette of someone standing on the barn roof. Alarmed, he fetches Merrill and they try to scare away the figure, believing it\'s Lionel Pritchard , a local prankster. The brothers run screaming around the house to frighten off the intruder; it jumps from the roof and runs into the cornfield. Neither man gets a good view of it. The next day, Sheriff Paski  stops by to investigate the incident. She admits that unless Graham has a clear description of the intruder, she can\'t help him. Their conversation is interrupted by Bo, saying that the TV is reporting numerous crop circles appearing all over the world but as yet people remained divided as to whether it is some great worldwide hoax or indeed signs of extraterrestrial life. The family take a trip into town the following day and hear rumours of mysterious strangers roaming around during the night and hiding in the shadows. When the family return home, they pick up odd noises on Bo\'s old baby monitor which when pointed higher towards the sky, Morgan believes its the aliens communicating with one another. That night, the dog barks incessantly towards the cornfield. Taking a flashlight, Graham walks into the cornfield and yells that the intruders are "wasting [their] time." As Graham walks back to the house, he hears a noise and spots a thin green leg among the cornrows. He runs back to the house, terrified. Later the family watches the television about reports of several unidentifiable and mysterious lights hovering over Mexico City. During a talk with Merrill, Graham dismisses his brother\'s belief in signs, evidence of some higher power, and says that they will have to face whatever it is alone. The following morning, Graham receives a cryptic phone call from Reddy, the man who killed his wife. Graham goes to see Ray and finds him sitting in his car wearing a bloody shirt. Meanwhile, a frightened Merrill watches news footage capturing the image of an alien at a child\'s birthday party in Brazil. Ray tells Graham that he is going to the lake, since none of the aliens have been seen near water. Before leaving, Ray pauses to apologize for the accident that killed Colleen and tells Graham that he trapped an alien in his pantry. Investigating, Graham uses a kitchen knife to see the reflection of the alien under the door. A clawed hand reaches out and a startled Graham cuts off two of its fingers. Back home, Graham gives his family the options to stay at the house or head towards the lake. They vote to stay, not wanting to leave their home. They board up the windows and doors, preparing for any possible attack. Meanwhile, news reports indicate that more mysterious lights have been spotted worldwide and that the aliens are becoming hostile. Merrill suggests that the crop circles in their cornfield, among others, are for alien navigation. Graham prepares a "last meal" for the family, with each picking their preferred dish. They are interrupted when they hear Bo\'s baby monitor, which they had earlier discovered could pick up the aliens\' communications, alerting them that the aliens are approaching. They listen as the aliens, seeking a way in, walk around the house. Merrill suddenly realizes that the attic was left unprotected and they quickly move to the basement, barring the door. The aliens can be heard inside the house and try to enter the basement. An alien grabs Morgan from the disused coal chute. It is driven away, but Morgan has an asthma attack. Graham realizes his inhaler was left upstairs, so he calms Morgan, hoping that the boy\'s breathing would return to normal. The next morning, Morgan\'s condition has improved and the radio reports that aliens are retreating. They return upstairs but are ambushed by a lone alien, who takes the comatose Morgan hostage. Graham notices two fingers are missing, meaning it was the alien trapped in Reddy\'s pantry. Graham suddenly remembers the night that his wife died. She was pinned by a car and the Sheriff tells Graham that when the car is moved his wife will die. He talks to her and she tells him to let Morgan have fun and be silly, and for Bo to always listen to her brother because he will take care of her. She then tells Graham to "see" and "tell Merrill to swing away." Graham realizes there was meaning in his wife\'s final words. Looking around, he sees Merrill\'s mounted record home run bat, next to Merrill. He tells Merrill to "swing away." Merrill understands and grabs the bat. Sensing an attack, the alien sprays a toxin into Morgan\'s face. Merrill swings at the alien, who then drops Morgan, causing one of Bo\'s water glasses to spill on it. The water acts like acid on the alien\'s skin, so Merrill starts smashing all of the half-empty glasses, before finally knocking the alien into a table, where water glasses spilled directly onto its face, killing it. During the fight, Graham takes Morgan outside and administers an Epi-pen injection to stop the asthma attack. Morgan regains consciousness, his lungs having been closed up prevented him from inhaling the alien\'s gas. Realizing that Colleen\'s final words meant something after all, and that they saved his family\'s life, Graham\'s faith is restored. Months later, Graham gets dressed in his clerical garb and goes back to church.'] ['Psychologist Dr. Sarah Taylor  is a guarded, aloof criminal psychologist who interviews a client who is a rapist, and is pleading NGRI. It is later revealed that she was the subject of daily rapes as a child by her estranged father who is shown to be very ill. Sarah meets Tony Ramirez  in a shopping mall, and she gives him her number, thus a relationship begins despite the advances of one of her neighbors. Days into the relationship Sarah begins to get death threats and strange gifts, such as dead flowers. As she gets more romantic with Tony, the gifts get more extreme. Her lifelong cat is killed, at which point Sarah goes to the police. Sarah then hires a detective and has Tony followed, only to find out something she least expected from her passionate lover.'] ["Trelkovsky , a quiet and unassuming man, rents an apartment in Paris whose previous tenant, Egyptologist Simone Choule, attempted to commit suicide by throwing herself out the window and through a pane of glass below. He visits Choule in the hospital but finds her entirely in bandages and unable to talk. Whilst still at Choule's bedside, Trelkovsky meets Simone's friend, Stella , who has also come to visit. Stella begins talking to Simone, who becomes aware of her visitors. Initially showing some signs of agitation upon seeing them, Choule soon lets out a disturbing cry, then dies. It isn't clear which of the two has caused this reaction. Apparently unaware that Choule is now dead, Trelkovsky tries to comfort Stella but dares not say that he never knew Simone, instead pretending to be another friend. They leave together and go out for a drink and a movie , where they fondle each other. Outside the theatre they part ways. As Trelkovsky occupies the apartment he is chastised unreasonably by his neighbors and landlord, Monsieur Zy , for hosting a party with his friends, apparently having a woman over, making too much noise in general, and not joining in on a petition against another neighbor. Trelkovsky attempts to adapt to his situation, but is increasingly disturbed by the apartment and its tenants. He frequently sees his neighbors standing motionless in the toilet room , and discovers a hole in the wall with a human tooth stashed inside. He receives a visit and a letter from one Georges Badar , who secretly loves Simone and has believed her to be alive and well. Trelkovsky updates and comforts the man and spends the night out with him. Gradually he changes his breakfast habits like Simone and shifts from Gauloises to Marlboro cigarettes. Trelkovsky becomes severely agitated and enraged when his apartment is robbed, while his neighbors and the concierge  continue to berate him for making too much noise. He becomes hostile and paranoid in his day-to-day environment  and his mental state progressively deteriorates. He buys a wig and woman's shoes and goes on to dress up  and sit still in his apartment in the dead of night. He suspects that Zy and neighbors are trying to subtly change him into the last tenant, Simone, so that he too will kill himself. He has visions of his neighbors playing football with a human head, sees himself staring out of his own window and finds the toilet covered in hieroglyphs. Trelkovsky runs off to Stella for comfort and sleeps over, but in the morning after she has left for work, he concludes that she too is in on his neighbors' plot, and proceeds to wreak havoc in her apartment before departing. At night he is hit by an elderly couple driving a car. He is not wounded too seriously, but receives a sedative injection from the doctor due to his odd behavior—he perceives the elderly couple as landlord Zy and wife—after which the couple returns him to his apartment. A deranged Trelkovsky dresses up again as a woman and throws himself out the apartment window in the manner of Simone Choule, before what he believes to be a clapping, cheering audience composed of his neighbors. The suicide attempt, in fact, wakes up his neighbors, who arrive at the scene together with the police just in time for Trelkovsky to crawl up to his apartment and jump one more time. The end of the movie is enigmatic. Trelkovsky is bandaged up in the same fashion as Simone Choule in the same hospital bed, but we see his and Stella's own visit to Simone. Trelkovsky then lets out the same disturbing cry that Simone had screamed."] ['A plague in the form of a toxic viral gas is unleashed at major sporting events across the United States. The gas turns its victims instantly "into an immediate rage of insanity and violence".{{cite web}} Controversial Los Angeles talk show radio host Logan Burnhardt  and his production team are caught up in the middle of the chaos, and only blocks away from the explosion site, they begin to receive reports of rioters in the streets and listeners continue to call in reports of their first hand experiences. In addition to those infected by the virus, the terrorists, led by Abir , responsible for the attacks attempt to make their way to Logan\'s studio, killing anyone in the way.'] ["When his fiancée is murdered by terrorists, a CIA cryptographer blackmails his superiors into sending him on a field assignment into Czechoslovakia to assassinate those responsible. Once there, however, he discovers a web of deception underneath his fiancée's death."] ['Jim Doyle  is a maverick mathematician who has devised a formula to predict the fluctuations of the stock market. When he joins O\'Reilly\'s fold, he must first prove his loyalty to the "greed is good" ethos.'] ['The film is set in the fictional southern town of Brixton, Georgia, where young widow Annie Wilson , the mother of three young boys, is the resident "fortune-teller." The town is abuzz with the disappearance of Jessica King , the fiancée of Wayne Collins , the school\'s principal. As the search for Jessica begins, the local police and Jessica\'s father Kenneth King  enlist Annie\'s help to see if she can come up with a possible answer. Annie is unable to produce a vision, largely due to the presence of Pearl Johnson , the local sheriff who looks upon Annie\'s trade unfavorably. Annie later receives a vision that Jessica has been killed and her body weighed down by a chain and thrown into a pond. She also sees a fiddle player in the vision, white lilies and a split-rail fence. She returns to Johnson with her findings, and with the information, Johnson decides to search a pond at the home of Donnie Barksdale , a violent alcoholic. Barksdale\'s battered wife, Valerie , gives her permission for the search as Donnie is away fishing. Donnie returns while the search is proceeding. As the police are ready to give up on the search they find the nude and chained body of Jessica King. Donnie is immediately arrested. During his trial for Jessica\'s murder, it is revealed that Jessica and Barksdale had an affair, and Jessica\'s reputation for promiscuity is exposed in open court. The case against Barksdale is strengthened when a scratch on his forearm is proven to have been perpetrated by Jessica during a confrontation at a local bar. Annie also takes the stand, and though her psychic testimony is ridiculed by defense attorney Gerald Weems , Donnie is eventually convicted and sent to prison. A subplot reveals other examples of Annie\'s "gift". Buddy Cole  harbors an intense hatred for his father, and consistently has fits of seemingly unprovoked rage, including incidents with Annie and with Donnie Barksdale. Buddy tries to explain to Annie why he hates his father but Annie is preoccupied and doesn\'t want to listen to the panicky and vulgar Buddy. He asks "If I look into a blue diamond, will I die?" but doesn\'t elaborate. Unable to understand the question, Annie shrugs Buddy off. Soon after, Buddy\'s hysterical mother calls Annie to come to the house as Buddy has snapped and has his father bound to a chair. Buddy sets fire to his father, and as Annie tries to stop him, he shows her a blue diamond tattoo on his father\'s navel. It is revealed that Buddy\'s father took advantage of his son\'s fragile mental state to force him into fellatio. An ambulance takes Buddy\'s father away, while Buddy is taken to a mental hospital. Later, Annie receives another vision saying that Donnie is innocent. She asks District Attorney David Duncan  to reopen the case. Duncan refuses, but Annie counters that she will reveal Duncan\'s own involvement with Jessica King, as Annie had caught them making out in the women\'s toilet while at a local dance. Duncan offers her money to keep quiet, but Annie refuses, still wanting justice for Barksdale. Annie tells Principal Collins that Barksdale is not responsible for his fiancée\'s death and that DA Duncan will not reopen the investigation. After driving out to the pond that night with Collins, Annie realizes that Collins is the murderer. He confesses to Annie that he was angry after he discovered that she was cheating on him. Collins attempts to kill Annie, knowing that she\'ll go to the police. Just as he is about to land a fatal blow with a steel flashlight, Buddy Cole shows up and knocks Collins out. Sitting in the car at the pond, Buddy, uncharacteristically calm, returns a handkerchief that Annie had lent him earlier, and tells her that she is the heart and soul of the town and for her not to stop doing what she\'s doing. The two drive to the police station with Collins stowed in the trunk. Annie tells Buddy that he will have to return to the mental hospital, and he waits in the car while she goes inside to talk with Sheriff Johnson. When she goes out with the police to retrieve Collins from the trunk, Buddy has disappeared. When Annie explains to Johnson what happened at the pond, he informs her that Buddy Cole hanged himself at the mental hospital earlier that day. However, Annie still has her handkerchief that Buddy returned to her.'] ["A couple, Australian naval officer John Ingram  and his wife Rae , lose their son in a car crash. John hopes that some time alone will help Rae, who was driving the car, cope, and the couple head out for a vacation alone on their yacht. In the middle of the Pacific they encounter a drifting boat that seems to be taking on water. A man, Hughie Warriner , rows over to the Ingram's boat for help. He claims that the boat is sinking and that his companions have all died of food poisoning. Suspicious of Hughie's story, John rows over to the other ship, leaving Rae alone with Hughie. Inside, John discovers the mangled corpses of the other passengers and video footage indicating that Hughie may have murdered them in a fit of insanity. John rushes back to his own boat but is too late as Hughie awakes, knocks out Rae and sails their yacht away, leaving John behind. As John attempts to repair Hughie's ship from sinking and catch up with them, Rae awakens and tries to convince Hughie to go back for her husband. Hughie denies her request and keeps on sailing, alternating between kindness and bouts of rage as he attempts to charm Rae despite her insistence on turning the boat around. John manages to get through to his wife on the radio, but the water damage makes him unable to reply save for clicks on his receiver. He can only respond to her suggestions. John assures her that he is following close by. Rae tries to stall the yacht by turning off the engine and tossing the keys overboard. Her dog jumps in to retrieve the keys and bring them back as he did with his fetch ball. Hughie starts the yacht back up and persuades Rae to be friends with him. Rae accepts to build back his trust. After a while Rae goes back to contact John. She soon learns that the damage to Hughie's boat is too far gone and will sink in the next several hours. With John unable to come to her rescue, Rae realizes that she alone must act and save her husband. Before she has a chance to assure him the wreckage cuts John off from Rae and the radio shorts out. Unable to get a response from him Rae has an emotional breakdown. Hughie comes down finding Rae in tears. He moves in closer hoping to soothe her. Desperate to gain control of the boat, Rae devises a plan to take advantage of his desire for her. She seduces Hughie on the floor and then stalls their foreplay by telling him that she has to go use the bathroom. In reality, Rae heads up on deck to assemble the shotgun. Impatient, Hughie gets up to look for her. However, just before Rae has a chance to load the shotgun her dog shows up and begins to bark drawing Hughie's attention to her whereabouts. In a panic Rae leaves the gun behind and grabs nearby cigarettes as an excuse to be on deck telling Hughie they are for later. She then proceeds to kiss Hughie and take him to bed with her as a means of luring him away from the deck. The dog later shows up in the bedroom watching as Hughie moves on top of Rae. She quickly makes an excuse to take the dog back on deck so she could finish loading the gun, but Hughie successfully orders the dog to leave before Rae has the chance to get out of bed. Unable to think of a way out of her predicament, Rae gives in to Hughie's advances and the two have sex. Afterwards, she sits on her bed feeling guilty and pushes forward with another plan to bring him down. She fixes them some lemonade, putting a heavy dose of her prescription sedatives into his drink. As a fierce storm comes on, Rae and Hughie come to blows, with Rae eventually shooting Hughie with a harpoon gun and knocking him unconscious. She then sets Hughie adrift in the boat's life raft and sails back to rescue John. Meanwhile, the damage and the storm have caused the other boat to sink almost completely. John swims out of the boat and sets the debris on fire, attracting the attention of Rae, who rescues him from a piece of floating debris. After John's rescue the couple find the life raft and Rae shoots it with a flare, setting it on fire. The next day they are relaxing on deck when John takes a break from washing Rae's hair to prepare breakfast for her. Her eyes closed, Rae feels a pair of hands begin massaging her scalp and assumes it is John, but when she opens her eyes she sees a bloody Hughie, who tries to strangle her. While Rae struggles, John arrives from below deck. Seeing her being attacked, he shoots Hughie in the mouth with a flare, killing him."] ["Identical twins, Max and Steven Jordan , were separated in their youth by a car accident that killed their parents. One goes on to live a successful life with caring foster parents, but the other one leads a life of despair, and feels that he has been denied the life that he was entitled to. He plots revenge against his unsuspecting brother. The vengeful twin soon gets involved in his brother's idyllic life and begins to manipulate events. In a plot twist, he eventually succeeds by manipulating his brother's wife to kill her legitimate husband, believing him to be the imposter twin. At the end of the film Olivia Jordan  is seen to be pregnant with the second twins child; being unaware of her mistake.  * Jack Wagner ... Max & Steven Jordan * Alexandra Paul ... Olivia Jordan * Kin Shriner ... Jackson Lewis * Clare Carey ... Tess Lewis * Laurie Holden ... Scarlett Antonelli * Ray Baker ... Stu Fishman * Teryl Rothery ... Ruth Jordan * Anthony Harrison ... Len Jordan * Fulvio Cecere ... Lawrence Russo * Venus Terzo ... Kathy"] ['John Robie  is a notorious but retired jewel thief or "cat burglar," nicknamed "The Cat," who now tends to his vineyards in the French Riviera. A series of robberies that closely resemble his in style leads the police to believe that the Cat is up to his old tricks again. They come to arrest him, and he adeptly gives them the slip. He immediately seeks refuge with his old gang from his days in the French Resistance, a group of ex-cons whose patriotic work led to grants of parole that depend on them keeping their noses clean. Bertani, Foussard, and the others are all under a cloud while the Cat is at large, and they blame Robie. Still, when the police arrive at Bertani’s restaurant, Foussard’s daughter Danielle  spirits her old flame to safety. Robie\'s plan is to prove his innocence by catching the new cat burglar in the act, so he enlists the aid of an insurance man of Bertani\'s acquaintance, H. H. Hughson , an Englishman who reluctantly obtains a list of the most expensive jewels currently on the Riviera. The first owners listed are Jessie Stevens  and her daughter Francie . Robie strikes up an acquaintance with them — delighting Jessie even as Francie offers a pretense of modesty, while Danielle bares her jealous claws. Francie is not afraid of a little fun. Although she sees through Robie’s cover as an American industrialist, the considerable charms of this thief are worth catching. She dangles before him her jewels, teases him with steamy tales of rooftop escapades, exposes herself as a feline of a special breed: an accomplice who might share his passion and be available to his sordid desires. Fireworks fill the night and can even be seen in the sky. The next morning, Jessie discovers her jewels are stolen, and Francie suddenly feels that Robie has taken advantage of her. She accuses him of using her to steal her mother\'s jewelry. The police are called and he is back on the lam. To catch the new burglar Robie stakes out an estate at night and finds himself struggling with an attacker who loses his footing and tumbles over a cliff. It is Foussard, who dies in the fall. The police chief publicly announces that Foussard was the jewel thief, but, as Robie points out to him in the presence of the abashed Hughson, this would have been impossible: Foussard had a prosthetic leg and could not possibly climb on rooftops. Robie\'s quiet attendance at Foussard’s funeral is marred by Danielle\'s open accusation that he is responsible for her father\'s death. Outside the graveyard, Francie apologizes to Robie and confesses her love for him. She arranges to help him attend a masquerade ball the coming weekend. At the ball, Francie is resplendent in a gold gown, Robie unrecognizable behind the mask of a Moor. The police hover nearby. Upstairs, the cat burglar silently cleans out several jewel boxes. When Jessie asks the Moor to go get her "heart pills," Robie’s voice tips off his identity to the authorities. Upon his return the police wait out Francie and the Moor as they dance the night away. Finally, Francie and the Moor go to her room, and the mask is removed: it is Hughson, switched to conceal Robie’s exit. On the rooftop Robie lurks. His patience is finally rewarded when he is joined by another figure in black. But just as his pursuit begins, the police throw a spotlight on him. Again he flees and shots ring out, but he manages to corner his foe with jewels in hand. Unmasked, his nemesis turns out not to be a man after all. Danielle is "The Cat," and she confesses that she has been working for her father and Bertani. Robie speeds back to his vineyard and Francie races after to convince him that she has a place in his life. He agrees, but seems less than thrilled about the arrangement including her mother.'] ['Second-term Democratic U.S. President Jackson Evans  must select a new vice president following the sudden death of the current VP. The obvious choice seems to be Virginian Governor Jack Hathaway , who is hailed as a hero after he recently dove into a lake in a failed attempt to save a drowning girl. The president opts not to choose Hathaway, claiming that the administration cannot afford another Chappaquiddick. The President instead decides that his "swan song" will be helping to break the glass ceiling. He nominates Laine Hanson , a talented senator from Ohio who is a Republican-turned-Democrat. Standing in her way is Republican Congressman Shelley Runyon  of Illinois, who believes she is unqualified for the position, and backs Hathaway for the nod. His investigation in her background turns up an incident where she was apparently photographed participating in a drunken orgy as part of a sorority initiation. The confirmation hearings begin in Washington, D.C., and Runyon, who chairs the committee, quickly addresses Hanson\'s alleged sexual imbroglio. Hanson refuses to address the incident, neither confirming nor denying anything, and tries to turn the discussion towards political issues. Anticipating that Hanson would deem her personal past "none of anyone\'s business," Runyon starts rumors in the media saying that the sexual escapade in college was done in exchange for money and favors, making it prostitution. Meanwhile, a woman testifies in front of the committee saying that Hanson engaged in a relationship with her then-husband prior to their divorce. Though Hanson is not guilty of adultery, her reputation is further tarnished. Senator Hanson meets with the President and offers to withdraw her name, to save his administration more embarrassment. Despite the wishes of the administration, she refuses to fight back or even address Runyon\'s charges, arguing that to answer the questions dignifies them being asked in the first place—something she does not believe. The President meets with Runyon, informing him he will not choose Hanson as Vice President. Runyon casually brings forward Governor Hathaway as a replacement. They make an agreement that Runyon will back down on his attacks if the President chooses Hathaway as Vice President. However, the President requests Runyon to make a public statement defending Hathaway. Hanson, Hathaway and Runyon are all invited to the White House. The president then shocks them by showing a FBI report that proves Hathaway paid the woman to drive off the bridge into the lake. It was part of a plan to increase his approval ratings and become the obvious choice for VP. Hathaway is arrested and Runyon is disgraced because he vouched for Hathaway\'s integrity just hours earlier. The president meets with Hanson, and she finally tells of what actually happened that night in college. She did indeed arrive at a fraternity house to have sex with two men as part of an initiation, but changed her mind before any sexual acts occurred. The girl in the photo was actually someone else. Though they have the evidence to vindicate Hanson, she explicitly expresses that a statement not be made, even if it will clear her; citing that by doing so will further the idea that it was acceptable to ask the questions in the first place. The president addresses all of Congress and uses Runyon\'s predicament as a way to gather support for Hanson\'s nomination.'] ['Richard Hannay  is watching a demonstration of the superlative powers of recall of "Mr. Memory"   at a London music hall theatre when shots are fired.In the ensuing panic, he finds himself holding a seemingly-frightened Annabella Smith , who talks him into taking her back to his apartment. There, she tells him that she is a spy, being chased by assassins, and that she has uncovered a plot to steal vital British military secrets, masterminded by a man with the top joint missing from one of his fingers. She mentions the "39 steps", but does not explain its meaning. Later that night, Smith bursts into Hannay\'s bedroom, fatally stabbed in the back, and warns him to escape. He finds a map of Scotland clutched in her hand, with a town circled. He sneaks out of the watched apartment disguised as a milkman and boards a train to Scotland. He sees the police searching the train and learns from a newspaper that he is the target of a nationwide manhunt for Smith\'s murderer. Quickly, he enters a compartment and kisses the sole occupant, the attractive Pamela , in a desperate attempt to escape detection. She however frees herself from his unwanted embrace and alerts the policemen. Hannay jumps from the train onto the Forth Bridge and escapes. He walks toward the town circled on the map, and stays the night with a poor crofter   and his much younger wife . The next morning, Hannay is chased by the police, wearing the farmer\'s Sunday coat . Hannay presumes that the only new resident in the town must be Annabella\'s contact, whom she was trying to meet and tell of \'the 39 Steps.\' Police still in pursuit, he arrives at the man\'s house, and tells his story to the seemingly respectable Professor Jordan , who then shows that he is missing part of a finger. Hannay realizes his mistake, but Jordan shoots and leaves him for dead. Luckily, the bullet is stopped by the farmer\'s hymnbook, left in a coat pocket. Hannay goes to the local police, but they refuse to believe his story, since the inspector knows Jordan well. Hannay jumps through a window and escapes into the crowd. He tries to hide himself in a political meeting, but is mistaken for the introductory speaker; he gives a rousing impromptu speech , but is recognised by Pamela, who gives him up once more. He is handcuffed and taken away by "policemen", who ask Pamela to accompany them. Hannay realises they are agents of the conspiracy when they bypass the nearest police station. Hannay is handcuffed to Pamela while the men try to disperse a flock of sheep blocking the road, but he still manages to escape, dragging the unwilling Pamela along. They travel across the countryside and stay the night at an inn. While he sleeps, she manages to slip out of the handcuffs, but then overhears one of the fake policemen on the telephone; the conversation confirms Hannay\'s assertions. She returns to the room and sleeps on a sofa. Next morning, she tells him what she heard. He sends her to London to warn the police. No secret documents have been reported missing however, so they do not believe her. Instead, they follow her to get to Hannay. She leads them to Mr. Memory\'s show at the London Palladium. When the performer is introduced, Hannay recognises his theme music: it\'s the annoyingly catchy tune he hasn\'t been able to forget for days. Hannay puts two and two together and realises that the spies are using Mr. Memory to smuggle the secrets out. As the police take him into custody, he shouts out the question, "What are the 39 Steps?" Mr. Memory compulsively begins to answer, "The 39 Steps is an organisation of spies, collecting information on behalf of the foreign office of ...." Jordan shoots him and tries to flee, but is apprehended. The dying Mr. Memory recites the information stored in his brain, a design for a silent aircraft engine.'] ['The film opens with the life of a child born with a strange disorder where he tends to destroy anything that fascinates him. He would be looked after by his grandmother. Then the film moves to Nainital 17 years later, where Neha Chopra from Delhi comes to Nainital to work as an interior designer for Jai Singh Debral, the city Mayor who is also a womanizer and attracted to Neha, at one of his secluded and deserted mansions. A serial killer is said to be on the prowl in the city, killing beautiful women ruthlessly and who is always eluding the police, getting away from the law without evidence if at all he gets arrested. Neha soon meets Raj, a loafer whom everyone in the city seems to avoid as he is the suspected serial killer, but she likes him, and soon both fall in love. The city police commissioner Harshvardhan and subordinate Preeti Rastogi observe the movements of the couple all overt the city , and soon they call Neha and warn her that Raj is a serial killer and she must help them nab him red handed as she is soon going to be his next victim. Neha refuses to believe, especially because Raj saves her life on one occasion.But later she finds items of murder in Raj\'s house, and thinks Raj is the killer. Brokenhearted, she then decides to leave Nainital for good, much against Debral\'s wishes, but Harshvardhan and Preeti convince her to stay back and nab Raj red handed. Raj goes to meet Neha but sees that she is very dull, knowing that something is wrong. Soon one of the killer\'s victim\'s sister comes out of coma and tells Preeti that she can identify the killer. Preeti informs Harshvardhan, but when they both arrive at the house, the comatose girl dies of shock unexpectedly. Later that night Preeti thinks over everything, and goes to question Harshvardhan. Debral notices her racing in her car somewhere at night. The next day, Preeti is found murdered in Raj\'s house. Raj is chased by Harshvardhan and the cops till he jumps off a waterfall and seeks shelter in Neha\'s house. Debral threatens to Demote Harshvardhan if he does not nab the killer in 24 hours, to which the latter replies assertively. Harshvardhan gives a mobile phone to Neha, telling her that if Raj calls on her, she must dial his number and inform him immediately. Raj does go to Neha to explain his situation but she pushes him off and dials Harshvardhan. Surprisingly, Harshvardhan does not answer the phone. She then leaves a voice message saying that Raj has come to kill her. Raj hits Neha and she falls unconscious. Then the movie reaches its climax where Harshvardhan appears on the scene. He takes Raj and the unconscious Neha to a temple where Raj and Neha had been before and chains him there. Here, Harshvardhan changes completely. He tells Raj that he is the serial killer, the child who was neglected always because if his disorder. So he sought to make his \'own\' world. It was he who committed all the murders,who also murdered some women and hid their bodies. He also says that he had to murder Preeti because she had come to know of things told everything she knew to his grand mother,had also stumbled upon his secret hideout, and would\'ve spilled the beans. It is also known that Harshvardhan never had any feelings for Preeti at all, though she was madly in love with him and was hoping he would reciprocate. He goes on to say that Neha is his alone, and he will take her. He was the one who also framed Raj by placing the items of murder in his house. He says "Kaam mera, Naam tera", meaning that he has recorded Neha\'s voice message stating that Raj is the killer, and Raj will be convicted. Harshvardhan then takes Neha to his underground enclosure to kill her, where they find bodies of women kept in glass boxes, as though it were a park. He says that nothing can separate them both now. In the meantime, Debral comes and frees Raj, and both of them attack him at his house. A huge fight ensues between the three of them, and suddenly Harshvardhan\'s grandmother appears on the scene out of nowhere and shoots Harshvardhan. The film ends with Raj and Neha planning to get married, and Debral giving the deserted house for them to live in.'] ['The film opens five years before the present day, showing the Fourth of July celebration at the American consulate in Dubai, where Ray Koval , an MI6 agent, appears to seduce Claire Stenwick , who, unbeknownst to him, is a CIA agent. Claire drugs Ray and steals classified documents from him. The scene cuts to a silent, slow motion brawl on the tarmac between Howard Tully , the CEO of Burkett & Randle, and Dick Garsik , the CEO of Equikrom, illustrating the longstanding rivalry between the two executives. In the present day, Ray is now a corporate spy in New York City who recently went to work for Equikrom. At a meet, he spots Claire and thinks the mission is blown. Ray follows her and confronts her about the incident in Dubai. Claire puts on an innocent act, pretending she has never met Ray, until they both realize they were supposed to meet. Claire has been working undercover for Equikrom at Burkett & Randle for the past 14 months, and Ray is to be her new handler. At Burkett & Randle a major development is underfoot, and Tully makes a speech that paints them as innovators defending themselves from duplicity and theft. At Equikrom, Garsik obtains a copy of the speech through Claire and plots to steal whatever Burkett & Randle has developed. The scene cuts to two years earlier in Rome, where we see Ray and Claire again meeting for the "first" time since Dubai, replaying the same dialog as in NYC. The audience learns that Ray and Claire did not meet at Equikrom by chance--they plan to cheat both companies and sell a corporate secret to the highest bidder. However, neither still completely trusts the other, nor knows who is playing whom. The team at Equikrom believes Ronny Partiz , a child prodigy turned genius, might be responsible for Burkett & Randle\'s new product. Ray and Boris Fetyov  stake out Partiz at a casino in the Bahamas, where Claire and Jeff Bauer ([[Thomas McCarthy  from Burkett & Randle foil their plans by planting evidence of them cheating the casino. In return, Tully at Burkett & Randle thanks Claire for successfully defending the company\'s new product, revealing it to be a cure for baldness. When Bauer is later caught attempting to steal the formula and Claire is left guarding him and the formula by herself, she uses one of the rigged photocopiers at Burkett & Randle to transfer it to Equikrom. Back at Equikrom, Claire accuses Ray of stealing the formula for himself. He is searched and exposed when it is found. Claire waits at the Zürich airport in Switzerland and when Ray arrives, it is revealed that Claire and Ray were only putting on an act at Equikrom. Each pretends at first they don\'t have the formula and then Claire confesses she loves Ray and says they are each the only one who can ever understand the other. Claire proposes they each reveal what they have on the count of three but Ray says he loves Claire back by saying first that he had another copy of the formula. Claire admits that she had it too, creating real trust for the first time. Ray and Claire attempt to sell the formula to a Swiss company for $35 million. Meanwhile, Garsik tells his shareholders that they are in the final stages of testing for a product that cures baldness. The Swiss, however, say the formula is a fraud. The scene cuts to ten days earlier, where Claire and Ray were practicing the act they would present when it was revealed that Ray would be Claire\'s handler. Unbeknownst to them, there was a hidden microphone in their room monitoring them. From the beginning, Claire and Ray were being played by Tully and his people. Pam Frailes  from Equikrom was really working for Burkett & Randle all along, Partiz was used as the bait, Bauer staged stealing the formula, and the formula never existed at all. It was all a trick to get Garsik to announce he had a revolutionary product, which was in fact just a regular skin cream, and which would ruin Garsik and Equikrom. The film ends with Ray and Claire realizing they have been played by Tully.'] ['On Christmas Eve, suburban housewife Della Myers  gets into an argument with her husband Kenneth . After putting her two children to bed, she drives to the mall to buy some wrapping paper. At the mall, she can\'t find a parking space and angrily leaves a note on the window of a car that is parked using up two parking spaces. By the time she finishes her purchase, the parking lot is nearly deserted, and the note is gone from the car. As she enters her own car, the car on which she had left the note pulls up behind her. She confronts the car, and four kids emerge—Huey ([[Jamie Starr , Vingh , and Tomás —led by Chuckie . A security guard intervenes but is shot by Chuckie in the ensuing standoff. As the gang realizes that they have committed a murder, Della manages to start her car and drive away. They follow her, intending to kill her as she is the only witness. She crashes her truck in a development area nearby a forest. She takes a road flare and a toolbox out of the car and hides behind a dredger. Della runs through the buildings under construction as they search for her. After some hide and seek the guys corner and threaten her using the documents they found in her car. As they have her open the toolbox she throws a wrench at Chuckie and escapes again. Chasing her Tomás jumps upon Huey, who falls and breaks his neck. After some hide and seek in the woods, Della beats and finally kills Tomás with a lug wrench. She flees through a creek, pursued by Chuckie and Vingh. Della sneaks up on Vingh and kills him with a screwdriver and hides behind a fallen tree. Chuckie tries to persuade Della; he talks about her kids, saying that he is going to pay them a visit. He tells her what he thinks of her, that she lives a boring life she doesn\'t want, mistreated by her husband. He finds her, touches, and teases her face. She holds his hand, pulls him down and they kiss. He draws his weapon as they engage in foreplay. She tells him to fuck her, and as he is distracted she ignites the road flare and blinds him, takes his weapon, and kills him. Della returns home, her husband Kenneth complains, that she was out late and is tracking mud throughout the house, but Della ignores him. She goes upstairs to check on her children who are both sleeping. The drunk Kenneth asks what she brought him from the mall, she points the gun at him and says: "Nothing."'] ["A married cartoonist named C.C. Drood becomes involved in the cover up of a political sex scandal after his lover, Yolanda, a call girl, is found murdered. Drood has betrayed his wife Helen with the exotic Yolanda, who takes him to a club where the patrons slam dance, violently crashing into one another on the dance floor. Bobby Nye, a former lesbian lover of Yolanda's, hires a hit man named Buddy to do away with Drood, who is also hotly pursued by the police. Drood ultimately comes to believe that Bobby and Buddy are the ones responsible for Yolanda's death. A corrupt cop, Gilbert, is doing everything in his power to pin the whole thing on Drood, but a police colleague, Smiley, intervenes on the wanted man's behalf. Buddy is eventually overcome with guilt in his role in the killing of Yolanda, so he spares Drood's life and takes his own. To escape with his wife and his life, Drood tries to make Nye and the cops believe that Buddy's body is actually his."] ['Mitch McDeere  is a young man with a promising future in law. About to graduate from Harvard Law School, he is approached by Bendini, Lambert & Locke, \'The Firm\', and made an offer he cannot refuse. He and his wife, Abigail "Abby" , move to Memphis, where The Firm is located. Avery Tolar  becomes his mentor at The Firm. Seduced by the money and gifts showered on him, including a house and car, he is at first totally oblivious to the more sinister side of his company. Then, two associates are murdered. The FBI contacts him, asking him for information and informing him that The Firm is connected to the mob, and that every associate who has ever tried to leave The Firm ends up murdered. His life as he knows it is forever changed. He has a choice: work with the FBI and risk being discovered by The Firm or losing his law license because he believes that attorney–client confidentiality prevents him from revealing the firm’s illegal activities to investigators, or stay with The Firm and both violate his personal code of ethics and go to jail when the FBI cracks The Firm. Either way he will lose his life as he knows it. Mitch devises a plan that allows him to cooperate with the FBI by finding proof that all partners from The Firm were guilty of overbilling, while at the same time reaching an agreement with the mob Morolto brothers. In addition he manages to do so without breaking any laws, thereby being able to keep his status as a lawyer. At the end of the film, the McDeeres leave their house in Memphis for Boston, driving the same car they arrived in.'] ['Kevin Harrison , an arms dealer, attempts to destroy an American-owned Concorde on its maiden flight after one of the passengers, Maggie Whelan , learns of his weapons sales to communist countries during the Cold War. The Concorde takes off from Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris. Captain Paul Metrand  makes conversation with Isabelle , the purser. They land at Dulles Airport. Maggie Whalen  recaps the arrival of the Concorde and reports on the "Goodwill" flight on the Concorde the following day, which leads to a story of future boyfriend Kevin Harrison  and his Buzzard missile project. Carl Parker shows up at Maggie\'s house with a claim about documentation of illegal arms deals. Carl is shot before a passerby triggers a fire alarm, scaring the assailant away. Capt. Joe Patroni introduces himself to Captain Metrand. The next morning, Maggie tells Harrison about her ordeal and the rumor of documents. Kevin claims someone is framing him. He sends Maggie off in a limo while he waits for his business partner Willie Halpern to arrive. Kevin tells Willie that Parker is dead, but they do not have the documents. Kevin asks what time the next launch of the Buzzard is. Willie replies 6:30; Kevin wants it delayed until 8:00 and the drone test reprogrammed. Paul and Joe board the Concorde. It is difficult to determine the Pilot-in-Command as both of them are captains. Peter O\'Neill ([[David Warner , the 2nd officer and flight engineer, is living with a controlling girlfriend. Kevin surprises Maggie at the airline check-in desk to see her off. He asks if the documents showed up, but they have not. As he is walking away, Carl Parker\'s wife delivers the documents to Maggie as she steps on the mobile lounge. She looks them over on the lounge and realizes that Kevin lied to her. The Concorde takes off from Washington/Dulles enroute to Paris where, unbeknownst to the flight crew, an off-course SAM is headed straight for them. At company headquarters, Kevin tells his controllers to alert the government. The USAF scrambles F-15 fighter jets to intercept the missile just as it locks onto the Concorde. An F-15 shoots down the missile before it collides with the Concorde. As the Concorde is approaching the European coastline, an F-4 Phantom sent by Harrison engages the Concorde as French Air Force Mirages scramble to help the Concorde. The Mirages shoot down the F-4 and the Concorde continues to Paris, although to Le Bourget instead of Charles de Gaulle. The Concorde reaches the French coastline, landing with a damaged hydraulic system and just barely stopping at the last safety net. Captain Metrand and Isabelle invite Joe to dinner. Kevin arrives at de Gaulle, where an associate meets him, stating that he has another plan. Joe, Paul and Isabelle meet for dinner with a date for Joe as promised by Paul. Maggie meets Kevin for dinner. He promises to go public with the documents but attempts to bribe Maggie into "polishing" his statement. After being paid by Kevin, a mechanic, Rollie, places a device in the Concorde\'s cargo door control unit, timed to open during flight. As the passengers board the Concorde, a well-dressed woman  attempts to smuggle a dog aboard. She is caught by an alert Isabelle and leaves the aircraft. Inside the terminal, Rollie is in line at the security checkpoint when his money falls out of his pant leg. The x-ray technician attempts to return it, but Rollie pretends not to hear and runs off. The security guard tells his partner to call security before chases Rollie. Rollie runs onto the runway where the Concorde is taking off. The aircraft\'s wake scatters the money he received from Kevin. The aircraft is en route to Moscow when the automatic device opens the cargo door. When Captain Metrand investigates, he sees the carpet tear down the middle of the aisle, signifying the fuselage is under tremendous stress and the aircraft is about to break apart. The cargo door is ripped off, extensively damaging the aircraft and ripping the floor of the cabin from the aircraft as it spirals toward the ground. The airline founder\'s seat lodges in the hole, acting as a plug. The pilots attempt to fly to Innsbruck for an emergency landing, but realize they do not have enough fuel. Paul realizes they are flying towards a ski area he used to go to in the Alps; they could make a gear-up landing on a mountain-side. The aircraft approaches the landing site while the ski patrol marks a runway. The aircraft lands successfully. Maggie gives a report of the accident to a news reporter and gives details about a major story she is about to release. Kevin hears the newscast and commits suicide. At the crash site, the last of the crew leaves the aircraft shortly before fuselage caves in and explodes from leaking fuel.'] ["Xinjie  is a mysterious girl who lives on her own in a big bungalow house. No one knows much about the girl except that she is leasing out rooms to strangers at an incredibly cheap rate turning away many prospective renters who believe that the house is haunted. Xinjie rented out 3 of her rooms at $200 per month each, and the only condition is that she wants her room mates to have breakfast with her every morning and dinner for at least 3 times a week. Her criteria for rental also leaves some with little doubt that the girl has mental problems. After a long search for tenants, she finally decides to rent out her place to an ex convict with a history of domestic violence , an older lady who is on the run from loan sharks  and a young aspiring pianist who has fled from home after a dispute with his father . As their lives start to intertwine, Xinjie's horrific past starts to unravel as well accumulating to a climax of an ending that leaves everyone stumped!"] ['The story revolves around the young journalist Martin Gimmle  who is traveling to Venice by train to drop off a copy of his book on European Neo-Nazism. On the way there he meets a bevy of odd characters. Among them is The Stranger , an illusive and evil character, who has mysterious powers over dreams. He also encounters Vera , a performer who is travelling with her daughter, and he falls in love with her. He eventually becomes prey to his mysterious surroundings, following the trail of Neo-Nazi gangs and their leader, The Stranger, who uses his powers, causing Martin the loss of his memory. The only persons who can help him now are Vera and her daughter.'] ['Arthur Hamilton ([[John Randolph  is a middle-aged man whose life has lost purpose. He has achieved success in his career, but finds it unfulfilling. His love for his wife of many years has dwindled. His only child is married and he seldom sees her. Through a friend, a man he thought was dead, Hamilton is approached by a secret organization, known simply as the "Company." The Company\'s business is helping wealthy people who are unhappy with their lives to disappear and create new lives. When Hamilton agrees to talk to the Company, he is spirited away to a secret location. While waiting for his interview he is offered a cup of tea and then falls asleep. When he wakes, Hamilton is interviewed by Mr. Ruby , who shows him a film in which he appears to have raped a girl. The film, made while he was unconscious, is intended to persuade Hamilton that it is now too late for him to return to his old life. Hamilton feels compelled to accept the Company\'s services—but fears that this coercive scheme foreshadows the unfortunate consequences of doing business with the Company. Hamilton\'s death is staged to make it look as if he perished in a hotel fire; a corpse is left at the scene that can be identified as his. Through extensive plastic surgery and mental and physical conditioning, Hamilton is transformed into Tony Wilson , a man who looks and acts much younger. He is provided with a new home, a new identity, new friends and a devoted manservant. The details of his new existence, including diplomas and other evidence of professional accomplishment that appear genuine, suggest that there was once a real Tony Wilson, but what became of him is a mystery. Hamilton tries to adapt to his new life. As Tony Wilson, he lives in a beach house in Malibu, California and enjoys the reputation of a successful artist. He begins a relationship with a young woman named Nora Marcus  and for a time he is happy. He then finds that the pleasures he denied himself in his "first" life are not exactly what he expected . At a dinner party he hosts for neighbors, Wilson drinks himself into a stupor and begins to babble about his former life as Hamilton. It turns out that his neighbors are "reborns" like himself, sent to keep an eye on his adjustment. Nora is actually an agent of the Company and her attentions to Wilson are designed merely to ensure his cooperation with the Company\'s program. In violation of Company policy, Wilson, posing as an old friend of her husband\'s, visits his former wife  in his new persona. He learns that his marriage had failed because he was distracted by the pursuit of career and material possessions, the very things in life that others made him believe were important. Wilson returns to the Company and announces a desire to start again with yet another identity. The Company offers to accommodate him, but asks if he would first provide the names of some past acquaintances who might like to be "reborn." He refuses since he now knows of the drawbacks to being "reborn" and also doesn\'t want to delay the Company\'s process for giving him a new identity. While awaiting his reassignment, Wilson encounters Charlie Evans , the friend who had originally recruited him into the Company. Evans was also "reborn" and likewise could not make a go of his new life. Together, they speculate on the reason for their failure to adjust, attributing it to the fact that they allowed others, including the Company, to make life choices for them. This understanding comes too late. Wilson/Hamilton is suddenly informed that he is to be taken to surgery to be given his new identity, but as he is wheeled down the hallway a priest reads him the last rites and he realizes he is going to his death. He is wheeled into an operating room where he learns that failed reborns are not actually provided with new identities but instead become the cadavers used to fake new clients\' deaths.'] ["Milo Tindle , a prosperous, rather flashy self-made London hairdresser, the son of immigrants, arrives at a large stately home in the Wiltshire countryside, belonging to Andrew Wyke , a pompous, highly eccentric crime fiction author. A member of the upper class and with a great concern for tradition, Wyke is popular worldwide for his aristocratic detective, St. John Lord Meridew. Andrew quickly tells Milo that he knows that Milo is having an affair with his wife, Margeurite. Milo, in return, tells Andrew that he knows Andrew is having an affair with a Swedish prostitute called Thea, and that Andrew’s wife will raise a divorce action based on this. Andrew proposes that Milo steals his jewels. This way, Milo will be able to sell the jewels for £170,000 cash, enabling him to maintain Margeurite’s very expensive tastes, while Andrew will be able to claim the insurance money. To make the burglary seem convincing, Andrew suggests that Milo actually burgle his house. This Milo proceeds to do, instructed by Andrew at every step of the way. Frequently, Andrew’s fondness for playing games exasperates Milo, who wants Andrew to be more serious about the plot. Andrew is riled by Milo’s attitudes and makes disparaging remarks about his being of Italian descent. However, it appears that they also like each other in some way and that Milo is enjoying playing Andrew’s “game”. When the time comes for Milo and Andrew to stage a fight, Andrew pulls his gun and creates some bullet holes. Then, Milo is supposed to tie Andrew up, to be discovered by the cleaner the next day, but instead, Andrew turns the gun on Milo. He says that he will not accept another man stealing his wife, and has merely set up the burglary so that he can kill Milo and plead self-defence, as it will look like Milo broke into his house. Milo attempts to flee, but Andrew has kept his car keys. Milo breaks down into tears and begs for his life. He takes Milo to the staircase, expresses his contempt for working-class, non-English people like Milo, and shoots him in the head. A few days later, Andrew is relaxing in his lounge, reading The Times and listening to Cole Porter songs , when the doorbell rings and Inspector Doppler of the Wiltshire Constabulary arrives. Doppler claims to be investigating the disappearance of Milo Tindle. Andrew explains that what the viewer assumes to have been the murder of Milo was just a game. Andrew tested Milo, then humiliated him by putting him in fear of his life: this, Andrew feels, showed Milo’s true character and meant that Andrew “won the game”. However, he only shot Milo with a blank bullet. Milo passed out with shock, and fled upon awakening. Doppler refuses to believe this and points out numerous bits of evidence that prove Andrew’s guilt: bullet holes in the wall, a passerby hearing shots fired, Milo’s blood on the staircase, and others. Andrew grows nervous as the various bits of evidence stack up against him. Doppler shows Andrew a mound of earth and says that if Milo is not buried under it, it can be used to prove that Andrew killed Milo, panicked, started to dig a grave in the garden, then disposed of it elsewhere- effectively closing the case. Andrew goes into hysterics, demanding the right to see a lawyer and struggling with Doppler. At the point of Andrew’s greatest humiliation, Doppler removes his face; he is in fact Milo, in an intricate disguise. Andrew did indeed not kill Milo, who has now avenged his humiliation by playing a game of his own and humiliating Andrew. Andrew congratulates Milo on his ingenuity and the two become fairly affable again. Andrew explains to Milo his philosophy of games-playing and how Milo must surely concede that life has been much more exhilarating when playing games with him. Milo expresses contempt for Andrew’s attitude and says that in his family, there was no time to play games for fun, and that he, Milo, only plays to win. Accordingly, although he has now equalised with Andrew, he seeks to actually beat him now. Milo tells Andrew that he has decided to take the game one step further by actually killing somebody. For the first time, Andrew’s air of insincerity and silliness falters and he calmly suggests that Milo leave. Milo refuses, and explains that he has killed Andrew’s mistress, Thea. Andrew calls Thea’s flat and is shocked to hear that she is missing. Milo then tells Andrew that after Andrew “killed” him the other day, he went and told the police about it, and said that Andrew had expressed an interest in committing the perfect murder. The police promised to arrive at 10pm that evening- it is now 9.45. Milo has planted several items around the house which incriminate Andrew as Thea's murderer. A frantic Andrew deciphers Milo’s clues, and among other things has to crawl through the coal box to extract one item. He destroys the final clue just as Milo goes to open the door for the police. At this point, Milo reveals that he did not in fact kill Thea, but has just played another game with Andrew, and has now beaten him twice, making him the winner. He brags that Thea was only too happy to pretend to have been abducted, and that she said he could not maintain an erection- embarrassing Andrew, who joked about his sexual prowess earlier in the film. Milo also mocks Andrew’s detective character, St. John Lord Meridew. Leaving Andrew utterly humiliated, he goes upstairs to retrieve Margeurite’s coat. While Milo is upstairs, a furious Andrew retrieves his pistol and decides to kill Milo; he will tell the police that he saw Milo walk down the stairs with Margeurite’s coat and shot him in self-defence. When Milo arrives back downstairs, Andrew informs him of his intention, but Milo says that would be foolish on Andrew’s part, as Milo really did go and see the police about the other day’s events, and they really are due at Andrew’s house soon. He turns to leave, smiling, and Andrew shoots him in the back. As he lies dying, Andrew tells him he was not going to fall for the same trick three times. Just then, a car is heard coming up the driveway, and blue lights are seen flashing. A horrified Andrew realises that Milo was telling the truth; the police really do know about the staged burglary, and he will now be convicted of murder. All the toys in Andrew’s living room go off, seemingly laughing at him, as he stands, ashen-faced, at the foot of the stairs. Milo’s last words are, “Andrew, tell them it was all just a bloody game”."] ['The girlfriend of Captain Drummond is kidnapped by an enemy of Drummond seeking revenge, but Drummond and his friend Colonel Nielsen are hot on his trail.'] ["Paul Armstrong , a liberal Harvard professor opposed to capital punishment, is persuaded to go to Florida, to investigate the conviction of Bobby Earl Ferguson  for murder. Ferguson, a former Cornell University student, is a highly intelligent, charming, and articulate black man who was convicted of raping and murdering a young white girl. Armstrong must save him from being placed in the electric chair. Ferguson tells Armstrong that he was tortured by a racist police detective to get a confession. As Armstrong digs deeper into the case, he discovers that Tanny Brown , the chief detective on the case, did indeed coerce Ferguson's confession. The plot thickens when Ferguson tells the professor that the murder was actually committed by Blair Sullivan , a serial killer awaiting execution, who later reveals the location of the weapon used to kill the girl. When Armstrong discovers the weapon, Brown tries to threaten him into abandoning the investigation.  Ferguson gets a re-trial and is freed from prison. Armstrong then receives a call from Sullivan, who asks him to visit his parents. Armstrong is shocked to find the butchered bodies of Sullivan's parents, and returns demanding an explanation. Sullivan gloats that he and Ferguson struck a deal: Ferguson would kill Sullivan's parents in exchange for freedom, while Sullivan would claim responsibility for the girl's murder. It turns out that Ferguson committed the crime for which he was imprisoned, and used Armstrong to release him from death row. Armstrong and Brown go after Ferguson, who desires revenge on Armstrong's wife ; she was the prosecutor in a previous rape trial which, while thrown out of court, resulted in him being brutalized and castrated in jail, as well as being kicked out of Cornell, robbing him of any chance of a future. Ferguson plans to murder Armstrong's wife and daughter  and then feed them to alligators, but Armstrong and Brown come to the rescue. They kill Ferguson and save Armstrong's family."] ['Michael Williams  is a drifter living out of his car after being discharged from the Marine Corps. A job on an oilfield falls through due to his unwillingness to conceal a war injury on his job application, so Michael wanders into rural Red Rock, Wyoming, looking for other work. A local bar owner named Wayne  mistakes him for a hit man, "Lyle from Dallas," whom Wayne has hired to kill his wife. Wayne offers him a stack of cash--"half now, half later"--and Michael doesn\'t correct him, taking the money. Michael then visits Wayne\'s wife, Suzanne , and attempts to warn her that her life is in danger instead of killing her. She makes a tempting counteroffer to him. Michael, knowing that the longer he stays in town the more dangerous it is, tries to leave but with no success. The twists and turns in his attempts to leave Red Rock find him dodging bullets when "Lyle from Dallas"  finally does show up. Michael knocks out Lyle, but complicates matters when he becomes romantically involved with Suzanne. The next morning, when Lyle comes to get money from Wayne, he kidnaps both Suzanne and Michael, gets Wayne out of jail, and finally ends up at the wrong end of a fight in a graveyard.'] ["Brothers Dova  and Milo  are small-time crooks suddenly in way over their heads. When a holdup goes terribly wrong, the robbers flee to a local bar, desperately taking everyone inside hostage. With nowhere to run and time running out, it's a deadly situation where every second counts."] ["Diijon, a tired magician, gives up his act to study the power of the mind. His wife Victoria, once supportive, now is struggling to pay bills. She urges her stubborn and older husband to return to the magic field where Diijon was considered one of the greats. He refuses but does reluctantly agree to do a hypnotism nightclub act at Victoria's urging. The act goes bad and he's laughed off the stage. He's convinced this is the handiwork of Victoria's ex-lover Tony Holliday. Later, Diijon finds that he does indeed have the power to control men's minds and begins to take revenge on the people he felt made him look like a fool. He hypnotizes his young wife to kill the man. Unfortunately for Diijon, things go horribly wrong. The opening of the film features a memorable scene depicting a woman being beheaded, with a guillotine--then revealed to be a man."] ["In 1978, David Raybourne is an American novelist who lives in Rome and works as a journalist in a small English-language newspaper. He is romantically involved with Lia, the estranged wife of an Italian Industrialist, and befriended by Italo Bianchi, a politically left-leaning lecturer at a Rome University. The movie re-creates the backdrop of politically charged atmosphere and student unrest, in which the infamous Red Brigades commit their spate of violent attacks which rocked northern Italy in the 1970s, culminating in the Kidnapping and later murder of Aldo Moro, former Italian Prime Minister. As part of a plan to write a commercial novel and raise money to marry and support Lia in the style to which she is accustomed, Raybourne researches the activities and organization of the Red Brigades. He writes the draft of a novel, realistic but fictitious, with the plot centered around the kidnapping of a central political figure by the Red Brigades. During this time David Raybourne meets a beautiful and sexually provocative young photojournalist, Alison King. She is eager for a news story and is introduced by Raybourne to Italo Bianchi. Alison King becomes convinced that Raybourne knows something about the Red Brigades and is hiding a potential scoop from her, so after a sexual dalliance, she searches his apartment and finds Raybourne's novel draft. She brings this to the attention of Bianchi who despite his mild manner and seemingly moderate politics, is actually collaborating with the Red Brigades. He delivers the draft to a Red Brigade contact and the similarity of his fictitious plot to their actual kidnap plans causes them to conclude that their plans have been leaked. Raybourne realizes he is being hunted when the Brigades attack the newspaper offices where he works killing everyone present, and he attempts to escape with Alison King, with the aid of his romantic connection, Lia. It turns out that Lia is even more deeply involved with the Red Brigades than Italo, and after a chase, Raybourne and King are captured. They are held while the kidnapping of Aldo Moro takes place and after this is achieved, the Brigades leadership accuse Lia for the leak and shoot her for her apparent betrayal, right before Raybourne's and King's eyes. They force King to photograph the body and instruct Raybourne to publicize the story as a warning to any future traitors. The movie ends with Raybourne being interviewed on American television regarding the successful publification of a now non-fiction book about the Red Brigades and his contact with them."] ["After taking a ferry to England and beginning a hopeless search to find the lawnmower factory in Birmingham where she believes Johnny now works, Felicia encounters an older man, Joseph Hilditch , a catering manager at a factory, who is also the son of Gala , an eccentric TV chef who enjoyed fame in past decades. Hilditch regularly watches the old programmes of his presumably-deceased mother while he cooks her recipes, and collects material about his mother. Hilditch offers to help Felicia, however, his motives for doing so are initially unclear, and it is subsequently suggested through flashback sequences that he has in the past befriended but then turned on vulnerable young women. He refers Felicia to a Bed and Breakfast and offers to drive her to a factory that he suggests could be the one she is looking for, which is on the way to the hospital where the unmarried Hilditch claims he is going to visit his wife. Felicia fails to find Johnny at the factory, but while she is out of the car, Hilditch goes through her bags and steals her money. Subsequently Felicia comes across a Jamaican Christian witnessee who offers Felicia a free overnight stay at a church home. While staying at the hostel, Felicia discovers that her money has gone, and after appearing to accuse others at the home of stealing the money, flees the hostel for Hilditch's house. Hilditch has meanwhile discovered Johnny's whereabouts, in the barracks where he is still serving with the army, but does not disclose this to Felicia. He does however tell her that his wife has died, and that she suggested that Felicia abort her unborn child. After the abortion, which Hilditch pays for, he takes her back to his house and gives her an overdose of sleeping pills. While digging out in his garden, the Jamaican Christian parishioner and a new convert enter his yard and begin to preach about Jesus. Hilditch feels flashes of guilt and confesses that he did, in fact, steal and cheat Felicia. Upstairs in the house, Felicia awakens from her sleep and struggles down the stairs. Hilditch finds her trying to escape the house, but allows her to leave. He then walks to his kitchen, where he hangs himself from a clothes line."] ['Paulina Escobar  is a housewife married to a prominent lawyer in an unnamed South American country. One day a storm forces her husband Gerardo  to ride home with a charming stranger. She is convinced that the stranger, Dr. Miranda , was part of the old fascist regime and that he tortured and raped her for weeks while she was blindfolded. Paulina takes him captive to determine the truth. Despite attempts by both her husband and Miranda to convince her that he is innocent, Paulina is certain that he is the one, and forces her husband to be Miranda\'s "attorney" in the "trial" she arranges for him. Miranda conspires with Gerardo to agree to a false confession , so they write one up and present it to Paulina. Enraged, Paulina deems Miranda as being unrepentant, and threatens to kill him. As Gerardo tries to stop her, Miranda succeeds in getting Paulina\'s gun, and threatens to kill her if he is not freed. As he advances toward the door, Paulina hits him and after a struggle gets back in control. In a last-ditch effort to save his life, Miranda implores Gerardo to call the place where he claims to have been at the time of Paulina\'s rape as she leads him blindfolded out the door to the edge of the cliff. Gerardo contacts the hospital, where Miranda\'s colleagues confirm the story. He races to inform Paulina, at last convinced that Miranda is innocent. Paulina refuses to believe it, however, saying that the doctors at that time created alibis in order to conceal their identities. Accepting defeat, Miranda finally tells them that he really was the doctor, that he enjoyed brutalizing Paulina, and that he was sorry that the old regime fell. Enraged, Gerardo attempts to throw Miranda from the cliff, only to realize he cannot bring himself to take a life. Paulina apparently accepts the confession, and they both leave Miranda on the cliff as he stares down at the water. The camera simulates someone falling off the cliff, as seen from their point of view. In the final scene, Paulina and Gerardo are at the same concert where the film began with Miranda also present, looking down with his wife and sons. Paulina and Miranda cast uncomfortable glances at each other, and look away. Miranda glances down at the couple again as the camera shows Gerardo glancing up towards the balcony at the now off-screen Miranda.'] ['Lara Brennan  is convicted of murdering her boss after an altercation at work and after a trial is sentenced to life in prison. Following the failure of her appeal, Lara\'s husband John Brennan , a professor at a community college, becomes obsessed with the idea of breaking her out of jail, while their son Lukeceases to acknowledge her during their prison visits. John consults Damon Pennington , a former convict who successfully escaped from prison seven times. Damon advises John to study the prison where his wife is, saying "every prison has a key". Damon also warns him that the initial escape from the prison will be easy compared with avoiding capture after the escape. To that end, John must obtain false passports, new social security numbers, and a "truckload of cash" to have a chance of success. Damon also suggests going to an unpopular foreign country for Americans so that authorities will be unlikely to look for them there. John learns Pittsburgh\'s time to lock-down the city\'s exits after a call is made to do so: 15 minutes for the city center and 35 minutes for all interstates, secondary roads, and stations or airports. Damon Pennington tells John to ask himself if he can really "be that guy" who knocks over an old lady or shoots a guard if it\'s the difference between escape or getting caught. John contemplates several ideas that do not pan out and is defeated more than once, but he latches onto a solid plan and the necessary paperwork after some painful efforts. He robs a drug lord and sets his meth lab on fire before fleeing the scene. He then falsifies and plants blood work results indicating that his wife is in a state of hyperkalaemia, so she is transferred to the hospital. He follows the ambulance and helps her escape although she is doubtful and reluctant, motivated only by the idea of her son being raised without either parent. With the police getting some lucky breaks, they are hot on John and Lara\'s trail through a series of chases. Throughout the film, John is shown assembling maps, photographs, notes, and other papers on a wall of his house. He tears them down and stuffs them into several garbage bags before leaving to rescue Lara, leaving one bag in the trash outside his home, and the rest in a dumpster some blocks away. As it turns out, he did this selectively to misguide the detectives regarding their final destination. They have an uncomfortable moment at passport control, as a Canadian officer examines their passports and glances at the page of photographs showing people to stop. He allows them to pass. The shift changes, and as they walk down the hall, their photos are added to the list. An international flight is delayed, but the police were after the wrong destination. At the end of the film, the family ends up safe in Caracas, Venezuela. Back in the United States, a detective who had attempted to catch Brennan returns to the scene of the crime although it had been some years since the crime occurred. Using his forensic skills, he manages to put together what really happened. It turns out that the killer of Lara\'s boss was really just a mugger—as she claimed in open court—and a series of coincidences led to Lara\'s conviction. He remembers Lara saying a button popped off as she passed the mugger, and notices that it is raining just as it had been the night of the murder. He tosses a piece of paper in the current where the button would have fallen off, and it leads into a gutter. He searches the gutter but is unable to find the button to prove Lara\'s innocence. It turns out the button was there, buried under grime, and the detective just missed it. The last shot of this detective shows him turning back to think, implying that there is a possibility of him taking a second look and locating the button, which would\'ve led to the exoneration of Lara. However, that is left open to audience speculation.'] ['Nicholas Van Orton  is a successful and extremely wealthy investment banker, but his success has come at the cost of his personal life. He is estranged from both his ex-wife and his only brother. He remains haunted from having seen his father commit suicide on the latter\'s 48th birthday. On his own 48th birthday, Conrad , Nicholas\' rebellious younger brother, presents Nicholas with an unusual gift—a voucher for a "game" offered by a company called Consumer Recreation Services . Conrad promises that it will change Nick\'s life. Nicholas has doubts about the gift and delays calling CRS. A chance encounter with fellow club members who enjoyed the Game changes Nicholas\' mind. He goes to the organization\'s offices to apply and is irritated by the lengthy and time-consuming series of psychological and physical examinations required. He is later informed that his application has been rejected. This is a ruse however: the Game has already begun. Starting with the merely invasive and rapidly escalating to the potentially criminal, Nicholas believes that his business, reputation, finances, and safety are at risk. He encounters a waitress, Christine , who appears to have been caught up in the game and also comes under risk. Nicholas contacts the police to investigate CRS, but they find the offices abandoned. Eventually, Conrad appears to Nicholas and apologizes for the Game claiming that he too has come under attack by CRS. With no one else to turn to, Nicholas finds Christine\'s home. He soon discovers that she is a CRS employee and that her apartment has simply been staged to look like a real apartment. Christine tells Nicholas that they are being watched. Nicholas attacks a camera, and armed CRS troops begin to swarm the house and fire upon them. Nicholas and Christine are forced to flee. Nicholas realizes that CRS has drained his financial accounts, and he is now broke. Christine tells him that some of his closest associates are part of the Game. Just as he begins to trust Christine, he realizes she has drugged him, and he falls unconscious. Nicholas wakes up to find himself entombed in a cemetery in Mexico. He is forced to sell his gold watch to return to the United States. Upon his return, he finds that his mansion has been ransacked and vandalized by CRS. He retrieves a hidden gun, and seeks the aid of his estranged wife. While talking with her and apologizing for his neglect and mistreatment of her, he discovers that Jim Feingold , the CRS employee who had conducted his psychological test, is an actor who works in television advertisements. He locates Feingold and forces him to take Nicholas to CRS, where he takes Christine hostage. He demands to be taken to the leader of the organization. Attacked by CRS troops, Nicholas takes Christine to the roof and bars the door behind them. The CRS troops begin cutting through the door. Christine realizes that Nicholas\' gun is not a prop and is terrified. She frantically tells Nicholas that the conspiracy is a hoax, a fiction that is just part of the Game, that his finances are intact and that his family and friends are waiting on the other side of the door. He refuses to believe her. The door bursts open, and Nicholas shoots the first person to emerge: his brother Conrad, bearing an open bottle of champagne. Distraught, Nicholas leaps off the roof, just as his late father did. Nicholas\' life passes before his eyes as he falls. He smashes through a glass roof and lands on a giant air bag. Emergency medical technicians carefully remove him, warning him to keep his eyes closed until they remove the fragments of breakaway glass. Nicholas finds he is in a ballroom full of his friends, family, and every figure involved in his Game; it had been just a game all along. Conrad is alive and well, and explains that he initiated the game to get his brother to embrace life and not end up like their father. Nicholas breaks into tears, relaxes, and begins to enjoy the party once his shock has dissipated. Later, Nicholas splits the bill for the game with Conrad . When he sees that Christine has left the party, he follows her outside to her cab. He asks her to dinner, and she offers to enjoy a private coffee with him now before her flight takes her to her next Game assignment.'] ['{{Advert}} Richard Haywood, a wealthy and popular high-schooler, secretly teams up with another rich kid in his class, brilliant nerd Justin "Bonaparte" Pendleton. His erudition, especially in forensic matters, allows them to plan elaborately perfect murders as a perverse form of entertainment. Meeting in a deserted resort, they drink absinthe, smoke, and joke around, but pretend to have an adversarial relationship while at school. Justin, in particular, behaves strangely, writing a paper about how crime is freedom and vice versa, and creating a composite photograph of himself and Richard. The young men kill a woman and set up Richard\'s marijuana supplier, janitor Ray Feathers, as a psychotic serial killer. They then incinerate all evidence. The case is assigned to Detective Cassie Mayweather and her new partner, Sam Kennedy, who just transferred from the vice squad. They work together well, and begin a romantic relationship very early on in their partnership. Footprints found at the crime scene lead to Richard Haywood, who has an alibi. Cassie becomes seemingly obsessed with the idea that Richard is guilty, and refuses to pursue the case from other angles. This displeases Captain Rod Cody and Cassie\'s vindictive ex, Assistant D.A. Al Swanson, who becomes nervous due to the clout held by Richard\'s parents. False forensic evidence planted on the body by Justin, including a baboon hair, lead police to the janitor, who keeps a baboon in his shed. The baboon attacks Cassie, causing her to be hospitalised. Meanwhile, Richard kills the janitor in a staged suicide. Sam and Cassie fall out over differences in their professional attitudes towards the investigation, and Captain Cody bans Cassie from pursuing the investigation further when she disobeys instructions. Justin is interested in his classmate Lisa Mills, and ignores Richard in order to go on a date with her. Richard sees them kissing, becomes jealous, and shows Justin a tape of Lisa having sex with Richard. This enrages Justin, who destroys the composite photo, but regains control of his emotions and remains friends with Richard. Determined to prove that Richard and Justin in fact know each other and are guilty, Cassie secretly takes pictures of them together. However, Richard sees her, and attempts to frighten her by seducing her. To protect herself, Cassie hits Richard in the face. Richard\'s father contacts Captain Cody, who decides that Cassie must see a psychiatrist. However, Sam decides that Cassie may be right, and further investigates the case. It is revealed that Cassie herself was the victim of attempted murder by her abusive ex-husband, Carl Hudson, who had been her high school sweetheart. Various flashbacks show Cassie\'s ordeal. Although she was found alive, she has scars on her chest from her wounds. Carl is in jail, and Cassie is trying to escape testifying at his upcoming parole hearing. Sam and Cassie bring Richard and Justin in for interrogation. Using the Lisa Mills incident, they try to convince the young men to confess, bribing them with a lighter sentence. Although they know that both Richard and Justin were involved in the crime, they are unsure of which of them actually killed the woman. The killer will be executed, while the accessory will serve a lighter sentence. However, neither suspect is willing to talk, and they are released. When Richard attempts to save himself by making a false "confession" to the DA, Cassie and Sam decide to arrest both Richard and Justin immediately. The two flee to the resort, but Justin first visits Lisa and admits what he did. Lisa calls the police and tells them where to find Richard and Justin. Meanwhile, Richard gives Justin a pistol, and holds one himself, stating they will both commit suicide. However, Justin discovers that Richard put bullets into Justin\'s pistol, but not into his own. Cassie arrives, and tries to arrest them. Justin surrenders, but Richard shoots Justin in the shoulder and flees upstairs. Cassie pursues Richard, who tricks her into going out onto an unstable balcony. Richard strangles Cassie, but she fights back and pushes him over the railing, and he falls to his death. But, before Cassie can get back inside, the porch breaks. Justin saves her, and she tells him that he will likely get a light sentence. When Cassie examines the strangulation marks on her neck, she realises that the marks on the dead woman\'s neck were not made by Richard. Instead of Justin\'s being manipulated by Richard, as she had previously thought, Richard was being manipulated by Justin, who was the actual killer. Cassie and Sam trick him into confessing. Now at peace with her past, Cassie agrees to testify at the parole hearing. However, it is revealed that Cassie\'s real name is Jessica Marie Hudson.'] ['Clarice Starling  is pulled from her training at the FBI Academy at Quantico, Virginia, by Jack Crawford  of the Bureau\'s Behavioral Science Unit. He tasks her with interviewing Hannibal Lecter , a former psychiatrist and incarcerated cannibalistic serial killer, believing Lecter\'s insight might be useful in the pursuit of a serial killer nicknamed "Buffalo Bill" , who skins his female victims\' corpses. Starling travels to the Baltimore State Hospital for the Criminally Insane, where she is led by Dr. Frederick Chilton  to Lecter\'s solitary quarters. Although initially pleasant and courteous, Lecter grows impatient with Starling\'s attempts at "dissecting" him and rebuffs her. As she is leaving, one of the prisoners flicks semen at her. Lecter, who considers the discourtesy "unspeakably ugly", calls Starling back and tells her to seek out an old patient of his. This leads her to a storage shed where she discovers a man\'s severed head. She returns to Lecter, who tells her that the man is linked to Buffalo Bill. He offers to profile Buffalo Bill on the condition that he be transferred away from Chilton, whom he detests. When Buffalo Bill kidnaps a Senator\'s daughter, Catherine Martin, Crawford authorizes Starling to offer Lecter a fake deal promising a prison transfer if he provides information that helps find Buffalo Bill and rescue the abductee. Instead, Lecter begins a game of quid pro quo with Starling, offering comprehensive clues and insights about Buffalo Bill if Starling will give him information about her own past, something she was advised not to do. Chilton secretly records the conversation and reveals Starling\'s deal as a sham before offering to transfer Lecter in exchange for a deal of Chilton\'s own making. Lecter agrees and is flown to Memphis, Tennessee, where he reveals personal information on Buffalo Bill to federal agents. As the manhunt begins, Starling visits Lecter at his special cell in a Tennessee courthouse and confronts him with her decryption of the name he provided . Lecter refuses Starling\'s pleas for the truth and forces her to recount her traumatic childhood. She tells him how she was orphaned and relocated to a relative\'s farm, where she discovered a lamb slaughterhouse and made a failed attempt to rescue one of the lambs. Lecter gives her back the case files on Buffalo Bill after their conversation is interrupted by Chilton and the police who escort her from the building. Later that evening, Lecter kills his two guards, escapes from his cell and disappears. Starling analyzes Lecter\'s annotations to the case files and realizes that Buffalo Bill knew his first victim personally. Starling travels to the victim\'s hometown and discovers that Buffalo Bill was a tailor, with dresses and dress patterns identical to the patches of skin removed from each of his victims. She telephones Crawford to inform him that Buffalo Bill is trying to fashion a "woman suit" of real skin, but Crawford is already en route to make an arrest, having cross-referenced Lecter\'s notes with hospital archives and finding a man named Jame Gumb, who once applied unsuccessfully for a sex-change operation. Starling continues interviewing friends of Buffalo Bill\'s first victim in Ohio while Crawford leads an FBI tactical team to Gumb\'s address in Illinois. The house in Illinois is empty and Starling is led to the house of "Jack Gordon", who she realizes is actually Jame Gumb. She pursues him into his multi-room basement, where she discovers that Catherine is still alive, but trapped in a dry well. After turning off the basement lights, Gumb stalks Starling in the dark with night-vision goggles but gives his position away when he cocks his revolver; Starling turns around just in time and kills him. Some time later at her FBI Academy graduation party, Starling receives a phone call from Lecter, who is at an airport in Bimini. He assures her that he does not plan to pursue her and asks her to return the favor, which she says she cannot do. Lecter then hangs up the phone, saying that he is "having an old friend for dinner" and begins following a newly-arrived Chilton before disappearing into the crowd.'] ['In The Element of Crime, an English detective named Fisher , who has become an expatriate living in Cairo, undergoes hypnosis in order to recall his last case. The Europe of his dreamlike recollection is a dystopia, dark and decaying. Fisher remembers pursuing an elusive killer called the "Lotto Murderer", who was strangling and then mutilating young girls who were selling lottery tickets. He attempts to track down the killer using the controversial methods outlined in a book entitled The Element of Crime, written by his disgraced mentor, Osborne . He is joined in his search by a prostitute named Kim , who, it turns out, has had a child by his target. Fisher\'s search is based on a tailing report written by Osborne when trying to track down a murderer who had been killing in the same way as the "Lotto Murderer", but who, supposedly, has since died in a crash. The Osborne method requires the detective to try to identify with the mind of the killer. This he does, but, in so doing, begins to behave more and more like a serial killer himself.'] ['In post-war America, the President of the United States is scheduled to journey through the small town of Suddenly, California. Claiming to be checking up on security prior to his arrival, a group of FBI agents arrive at the home of the Bensons, on top of a hill that looks down upon the station where the Presidential train is due to stop. However, they soon turn out to be assassins led by the ruthless John Baron , who take over the house and hold the family hostage. Sheriff Tod Shaw  arrives with Dan Carney , a Secret Service agent in charge of the President\'s security detail. When he does, Baron and his gangsters shoot Carney and a bullet fractures Shaw\'s arm. Baron sends one of his two henchmen to double-check on the President\'s schedule but he is killed in a shootout with the police. Jud , a television repairman, shows up at the house and also becomes a hostage. Pidge  goes to his grandfather\'s dresser to fetch some medication and notices a fully loaded revolver which he replaces with his toy cap gun. Baron is confronted by the sheriff on the risks and meaning of killing the President and Baron\'s remaining henchman begins showing some reluctance. For Baron, however, these are the very least of his concerns and it soon becomes clear that he is a psychopath whose pleasure comes from killing{{spaced ndash}}who and why he kills being the least of his problems. A sniper\'s rifle has been mounted on a metal table by a window. Jud discreetly hooks the table up to the 5000 volt plate output of the family television. Pop Benson  then spills a cup of water on the floor beneath the table. Although the hope is that Baron will be shocked to death, his remaining henchman touches the table first and is electrocuted, firing the rifle repeatedly and attracting the attention of police at the train station as he struggles to free himself. Baron shoots Jud, disconnects the electrical hookup and aims the rifle as the president\'s train arrives at the station, but to his surprise, doesn\'t stop . Ellen Benson  shoots Baron in the chest and Shaw shoots him again. Baron\'s last words are, "Don\'t... please."'] ["Nat Banyon  is a hitch-hiker whose dream is to open an ostrich farm in Wyoming. Early in the trip, he gets in a fight at a truck-stop bar and in the ruckus, takes his opponent's car keys, stealing his sports car. Continuing the journey, he finds a stranger  trapped in an overturned vehicle. He rescues him just as the car is completely destroyed by an incoming truck. Grateful for saving his life, the stranger, Herman Finch, hires Nat as the handyman for his motel. Nat soon learns that Finch runs a criminal network, acting in collusion with the police. Most of the locals are also in league with Finch. And everyone who irritates or opposes him soon turns up missing. They are then found dead. Finch's young, attractive wife Iris  soon hatches a plan to run off with Nat, planning to steal Finch's ill-gotten gains. Soon, Finch begins manipulating Nat when the latter begins questioning him about all the mysterious activities that had been taking place. Finch challenges Nat to a boxing match. If Nat won, he would be free to leave and take his car as well as the salary that he had made as Finch's handyman. Nat shows up to the fight after training himself to tip-top shape. When he steps into the ring, Finch suddenly reveals that the fight was a joke. Finch actually never intended Nat to leave; Nat had been too good of a worker and had learned about too many of his dark secrets. Enraged, Nat attacks Finch, and then rushes to the motel. There, he grabs Iris and tells her that they had to leave. Despite her resistance, Nat is too deeply in love with Iris to escape alone. He kidnaps her and speeds away. Unsure of where to go in the night, Nat follows Iris' directions. However, Iris deceives Nat to drive to the barn where he had seen Finch for the fight. In a final fit of frustration, Nat drives off into the water. He swims out for a final showdown with Finch. Nat loses the fight, and the police arrive to arrest him. It is only later discovered that Nat was a schizophrenic who had multiple personalities. The film had generally focused on his nobler personality. Not only did he fix Finch's motel, Nat also helped Finch murder his enemies. His personalities were likely entirely unaware of each other. The film also slowly alludes to the fact that Iris' love for Nat had been Nat's own hallucination. Nat is sent to a mental hospital where he falls deeper into mental illness, whimpering about the baby ostriches that he would now never have the chance to raise."] ["While driving with his headlights off down a country highway, Chris Pratt, his girlfriend Kelly and two friends crash into a stalled combine on the road. Chris and Kelly survive, but the other two do not. Chris' injuries include brain damage that affects his short-term memory in the form similar to anterograde amnesia. He's in classes to learn new skills, including the simple sequences of daily tasks, to compensate for his inability to remember, and keeps notes in a small notebook. Challenged by a tough case manager to build a life despite his injuries, he is supported by his roommate, a blind man named Lewis, but receives only financial support from his wealthy family. He works nights, cleaning a small-town bank, with regular visitations from Ted, a bumbling sheriff's deputy. Chris aspires to train as a teller, but the bank manager, Mr. Tuttle, can barely hide his contempt for Chris' ambitions. It is there Chris comes under the scrutiny of a gang planning to rob the bank. Their leader, Gary, who knew him from high school and resented his wealth and popularity as a hockey star before his accident, befriends him and uses a young woman, Luvlee, to seduce him. Taunted by the gang about the limitations of his life since the accident, he initially goes along with the scheme. His frustrations trickle down into confrontations with his friends, Lewis and Ted. When the gang arrives the night of the robbery, Chris tells them he has changed his mind. But they tell him it's too late and force him to empty the vault at gunpoint. His friend Ted, the deputy, stumbles into the robbery while delivering doughnuts to Chris, and triggers a shootout. The deputy and two of the gang members, Marty and Cork, are killed. Meanwhile Chris escapes in the getaway car, and when he realizes he's got the money they stole, he returns compulsively to the site of his accident, where he buries the money. Gary is wounded and gets away with the other bank robber, Bone. When Chris returns to his apartment he sees the lights on and realizes something is wrong, and when he calls discovers Gary and Bone have taken Lewis hostage to get the money back. Chris, using his new sequencing skills, hatches a plan to stay alive and save his friend. But the robbers literally catch him napping at the place they were to meet, and they force him to take them to the site of the buried cash. While Chris digs in the snow to retrieve the money, Gary's condition is rapidly deteriorating. Chris gives one of two bags to Bone, who is preparing to execute Lewis, but Chris pulls out a shotgun he had hidden in the other bag and shoots Bone before he can react. Gary collapses and dies from blood loss. Chris returns the money and turns himself in, but the investigation by the FBI concludes that he was not responsible due to his mental state - and because the robbers failed to disconnect the video surveillance in the bank, allowing the FBI to see the gang forcing Chris to act at gunpoint. In the end we see that Chris and Lewis have reconciled, and found a way to open up the restaurant they had dreamed about together."] ['Bill Whitney  seems to have it all. His family is wealthy and he lives in a mansion in Beverly Hills, California. He\'s popular at his high school, looks to be a shoo-in for class president, has a cute cheerleader girlfriend and owns a new Jeep Wrangler to drive around in. Despite this, he feels as though he does not fit in with his family or their high-society friends. When his sister\'s ex-boyfriend Blanchard  gives him a surreptitiously recorded tape of what sounds like his family engaged in a vile, murderous orgy, Bill begins to suspect that his feelings are justified. Bill gives the tape to his therapist Dr. Cleveland  to listen to. When he comes back for his appointment, Dr. Cleveland plays the tape back for Bill. The audio has now changed and now merely contains the sounds of his sister Jenny  enjoying her coming out party. Bill insists that what he\'d heard before was real and calls Blanchard to get another copy. When he arrives at their meeting place, Bill discovers an ambulance and police officers gathered around Blanchard\'s crashed van. A body is placed into the back of the ambulance, but Bill is prevented from seeing its face. At Blanchard\'s funeral, Bill and his friend Milo ([[Evan Richards  discover that Blanchard\'s corpse either needed a lot of reconstructive work for display, or is not real. After the funeral and at the encouragement of his parents, Bill attends a party hosted by his upper-class classmate Ferguson . There, Ferguson lasciviously confirms that the first audio tape Bill listened to—with the sounds of an orgy on it—was the real tape. Angry and confused, he leaves the party with Clarissa , a beautiful girl he\'d been admiring. They have acrobatic sex at her house and Bill meets Clarissa\'s bizarre, hair-loving mother . Bill returns home the next day and confronts his parents  and sister, who are all in the master bedroom dressed in lingerie. With Dr. Cleveland\'s help, they drug Bill. As Milo secretly trails him, Bill is taken to a hospital. Bill awakens in a hospital bed and thinks he hears Blanchard crying out, but discovers that nothing is there. He leaves the hospital and finds his Jeep waiting for him. Milo tries to warn him, but he drives back to his house. Back home again, Bill finds a large, formal party. He is snared by the neck and Dr. Cleveland reveals all of the secrets he has been searching for. He is not really related to his family after all. In fact, his family and their high-society friends are actually a different species from Bill. To demonstrate, they bring in a still-living Blanchard. The wealthy party guests strip to their underwear and begin "shunting". The rich literally feed on the poor, physically deforming and melding with each other as they suck the nutrients out of Blanchard\'s body. Their intention is to do to the same to Bill. In a fight with Ferguson, Bill manages to pull the pliable Ferguson inside-out. With Milo and Clarissa\'s help—who is also of this alternate species, but has fallen in love with Bill—he escapes.'] ["Charlie Snow  was a highly decorated war hero, a sniper who never placed emotion before the mission. Except once. Providing cover for an undercover arms dealer sting operation, he was forced into a predicament, as through his scope he saw a hostage crisis unfold. The decision he made cost his fellow soldiers their lives. But he also managed to ventilate the hostage-taker, arms dealer Lendl Bodnar . Back in the USA, Charlie is now a shell of the man he used to be. He has been ostracized from the government, and his family is falling apart. His wife Maggie  is close to finalizing their split. He is an empty soul, as conveyed by the look in his eyes. But Charlie's world is about to get rocked. Lendl Bodnar has a brother named Yevon Bodnar , an arms dealer who wants revenge on Charlie for Lendl's death. Charlie's existence gets body-slammed when he learns that Maggie has been kidnapped, his daughter Lisa  and son Sam  are in danger, and everywhere he turns, he's being attacked by Yevon's men. Charlie must summon all the tactics that made him such an effective killer and reconnect with his secret ops government links to rescue Maggie and take Yevon down."] ["Three teenage boys  in small-town Southern Ontario are thrilled when Luke Cooper , a mysterious American fugitive with a gunshot wound in his leg, decides to crash their secret hideout. Luke tells them that he's a cop on the run from corrupt colleagues, and swears them to silence. As he recuperates, he becomes their buddy and confidante. By the time the boys realize Luke is not who he pretends to be, they're in way over their heads."] ["Thomas Archer's  life changes due to a horrific attack, he is miserable and lost in life. When his Doctor  makes an offer to get the revenge Archer needs, everything goes wrong and people start dying."] ['In Too Deep is a story about Dwayne Gittens , an underworld boss so powerful that his nickname is "god". He controls eighty percent of the drug traffic in Cincinnati, Ohio controls many of his opponents through bribery or intimidation, and appears to be untouchable. An undercover cop Jeffrey Cole  posing as a drug dealer under the name of J. Reid from Akron, Ohio is determined to be the man who brings down God\'s underworld empire. He goes undercover and assumes an identity that allows him to infiltrate God\'s organization. However, the longer Cole remains inside the underworld, the more he becomes a product of it.'] ["The movie takes place on a college campus in the Northeast. Derrick Webb , Cathy Jones , and Travis  are students as well as roommates. They all take a Communications class with Professor Goodwin , in which the subject of gossip is brought up. For their final project, the three students decide to start a rumor and track and see the results. One night while at a nightclub, they run into Naomi Preston  and her boyfriend Beau Edson . It is common knowledge through the campus that Naomi is saving her virginity for marriage. Jones  in particular has a problem with Naomi's wealth and sense of entitlement. Furthermore, Naomi seems to have started a rumor about Jones having sex with Professor Goodwin. While at the party, Derrick meets a girl and brings her upstairs. At this point the girl becomes ill; Derrick than notices Beau and Naomi in the adjacent room kissing. Beau attempts to have sex with Naomi but is rejected. Derrick, Jones, and Travis proceed to begin a rumor that Naomi and Beau had sex. The story begins to vary wildly, first involving a threesome, but soon, due to the nature of gossip, it becomes a story of Beau raping Naomi."] ["Two fugitives on the run from a murder scene take hostage an agoraphobic art dealer with a dark past of his own. Captive by way of taking refuge in a magnificent country estate, Dale  and Ron  find themselves participants in a game of survival. Dale, a stripper, is resentful of the way she has been treated in the past. Their hostage, Andrew , appears to represent everything she's always wanted but unable to have. Ron, impulsive and out of control, loves Dale and will do whatever he can to take her away from her old life. Dale saves Andrew from being killed by Ron. However Ron gets a deal of AU40,000 dollars to keep Andrew alive. Someone, though, must go to the bank and cash in the cheque. Andrew suggests Dale do it since she resembles his fiancee, Gabrielle. In the process of getting the cash, Ron observes that Dale is slipping away and puts her love to test. She fails and its now Andrew's turn to save her life. Finally, Ron is killed by Dale who is forced to assume the identity of Gabrielle."] ['American pulp Western writer Holly Martins  arrives in Post-World War II Vienna seeking his childhood friend, Harry Lime , who has offered him a job. Martins discovers that Lime was killed by a car while crossing the street. At Lime\'s funeral, Martins meets two British Army Police: Sergeant Paine , a fan of Martins\'s books, and his superior, Major Calloway . Afterwards Martins is asked to give a lecture to a book club a few days later. He then meets a friend of Lime\'s, "Baron" Kurtz , who tells Martins that he and another friend, Popescu , carried Lime to the side of the street after the accident and, before he died, Lime asked them to take care of Martins and Lime\'s actress girlfriend, Anna Schmidt . Martins goes to see Anna and becomes suspicious that Lime\'s death was not an accident. The porter at Lime\'s apartment building says that Lime was killed immediately and that three men carried the body, not two. Martins and Anna discover that the police are searching her flat, who confiscate a forged passport and detain her. The next evening Martins visits Lime\'s "medical advisor", Dr. Winkel , who says that he arrived at the accident after Lime was dead, and only two men were there. The porter offers to give Martins more information, but someone kills him before Martins can see him. When Martins arrives, the crowd believes that he is involved and becomes hostile. Escaping from them, Martins returns to the hotel, and a cab immediately takes him to the book club, where he makes a poor speech. When Popescu enters, he asks about Martins\'s next book. Martins says that it will be called The Third Man, "a murder story" inspired by facts. Popescu tells Martins that he should stick to fiction. Martins sees two thugs advancing towards him and flees. Calloway again advises Martins to leave Vienna, but Martins refuses and demands that Lime\'s death be investigated. Calloway reveals that Lime\'s racket was stealing penicillin from military hospitals, diluting it, and selling it on the black market, leading to many deaths. Martins, convinced, agrees to leave. Martins learns that Anna too has been told about Lime\'s crimes and is about to be sent to the Soviet sector. Leaving her apartment, Martins notices someone watching from a dark doorway. A shaft of light reveals the person to be Lime, who flees, ignoring Martins\'s calls, and vanishes. Martins summons Calloway, who deduces that Lime has escaped through the sewers. The British police exhume Lime\'s coffin and discover that the body is that of the orderly who stole the penicillin for Lime. The next day, Martins meets with Lime, and they ride Vienna\'s Ferris wheel, the Wiener Riesenrad. Lime obliquely threatens Martins, reveals the full extent of his ruthlessness, and then reiterates his job offer before leaving quickly. Calloway then asks Martins to help capture Lime, and Martins agrees, asking for Anna\'s safe conduct out of Vienna in exchange. However, when Anna learns this, she refuses to leave. Exasperated, Martins decides to leave, but on the way to the airport, Calloway stops at a hospital to show Martins children dying of meningitis that had been treated using Lime\'s diluted penicillin. Lime arrives to rendezvous with Martins, but Anna warns him. He tries once again to escape using the sewer tunnels, but the police are there in force. Lime shoots and kills Paine, but Calloway shoots and wounds him. Badly injured, Lime drags himself up a ladder to a street grating, but he cannot lift it. Martins then kills him using Paine\'s revolver. Later, Martins attends Lime\'s second funeral. At the risk of missing his flight out of Vienna, he waits to speak to Anna, but she ignores him and walks past.'] ['Michael and Karen Carr  are a couple living in an upscale part of Los Angeles, and their peace of mind is upset by an intruder coming in through their skylight one night. The intruder doesn\'t take anything except Karen, briefly, as a hostage, before dumping her in the swimming pool and making his escape. The Carrs call in the police, one of whom, Pete Davis , takes an interest in the couple\'s case. He cuts through department red tape and expedites speedy installation of a security system in the Carrs\' house. When Michael expresses an interest in getting revenge on the intruder, Pete invites him on a "ride-along" with his partner, Roy Cole . After dropping Cole off, Pete takes Michael out to arrest the man who broke into the Carrs\' house, offering Michael a chance to take some revenge using Pete\'s nightstick. Michael declines, but Pete administers a vicious beating to the intruder, leaving Michael deeply suspicious of Pete\'s mental stability. He suggests that Pete get some professional help and, especially, stay far away from him and Karen in the future. Pete takes neither suggestion. Instead, he begins to stalk the couple, particularly Karen, with whom he\'s obsessed. Pete even appears in the couple\'s bedroom one night while they are having sex, just to "check that everything\'s OK." When Michael files a complaint against Pete\'s unwanted attentions, Pete uses his police connections to destroy Michael\'s business reputation. Encountering bemused apathy from Pete\'s superiors in the LAPD, Michael turns to Cole . Pete then murders Cole, blaming it on a known criminal. Pete then frames Michael on drug charges by planting a supply of cocaine in the Carrs\' house, leaving the way clear for him to move in on Karen. Putting his attorney\'s finances on the line, Michael gets out on bail and takes matters into his own hands. Back at the Carr house, Karen rejects a now distraught Pete, who  goes berserk and tries to rape her. A confrontation with Mike returning home ends in Michael shooting Pete dead  in  self-defense.'] ["After psychology professorBiesen, Sheri Chinen . Blackout: World War II and the origins of film noir. Johns Hopkins University Press, ISBN 978-0-8018-8218-0 Richard Wanley sends his wife and two children off on vacation, he goes to his club to meet friends. Next door, Wanley sees a striking oil portrait of Alice Reed  in a storefront window. He and his friends talk about the beautiful painting and its subject. Wanley stays at the club and reads Song of Songs. When he leaves, Wanley stops at the portrait and meets Reed, who is standing near the painting watching people watch it. Reed convinces Wanley to join her for drinks. Later, they go to Reed's home, but an unexpected visit from her rich lover Claude Mazard  leads to a fight in which Wanley kills Mazard. Wanley and Reed conspire to cover up the murder, and Wanley disposes Mazard's body in the country. However, Wanley leaves many clues, and there are a number of witnesses. One of Wanley's friends from the club, district attorney Frank Lalor  has knowledge of the investigation, and Wanley is invited back to the crime scene, as Lalor's friend, but not as a suspect. As the police gather more evidence, Reed is blackmailed by Heidt , a crooked ex-cop who was Mazard's bodyguard. Reed attempts to poison Heidt with a prescription overdose when he returns the next day, but Heidt is suspicious and takes the money without drinking the drugs. Reed tells Wanley, who overdoses on the remaining prescription medicine. Heidt is killed in a shootout immediately after leaving Reed's home, and police believe Heidt is Mazard's murderer. Reed races to her home to call Wanley, who is slumped over in his chair. In an impossible match on action, Wanley awakens in his chair at his club, and he realizes the entire adventure was a dream in which employees from the club were main characters in the dream. As he steps out on the street in front of the painting, a woman asks Wanley for a light. He adamantly refuses and runs down the street."] ['{{Plot}} The film opens with Gordon Cole  calling Agent Chester Desmond  about the mysterious murder of Teresa Banks in the town of Deer Meadow. Cole introduces Chester to his new partner, Sam Stanley , and they receive clues from Lil the dancer. While Chet explains most of the clues given by the appearance of Lil to Sam, he does not explain the blue rose. After difficulty with the local police force, Desmond and Stanley eventually view Teresa\'s body at a morgue, realizing that her ring is missing and that a letter "T" has been placed under her fingernail. Desmond and Stanley learn about the victim\'s recent past from the town residents. Stanley leaves Deer Meadow after he finishes his part in the investigation, while Desmond remains behind. Desmond later vanishes after picking up Teresa\'s ring in the trailer park where she lived. The following day at FBI headquarters in Philadelphia, long-lost Agent Phillip Jeffries  re-appears. He questions Dale Cooper\'s identity before telling Cole about a meeting he witnessed in a dream. As he explains, we see images of the Man from Another Place, BOB, Mrs. Chalfont and her grandson. Jeffries begins to scream and disappears as we see shots of electrical lines. Desmond is reported missing and Agent Dale Cooper  is sent to Deer Meadow to investigate his disappearance. He sees the words "Let\'s Rock" on the windshield of Desmond\'s car. The clues to Teresa Banks\' murder lead to a dead end. Cooper is certain her killer will strike again. One year later in Twin Peaks, high school homecoming queen Laura Palmer  and Donna Hayward  return to school. Laura takes cocaine and secretly meets with James Hurley ([[James Marshall . After school, Laura talks with Donna about the difference between Hurley and Laura\'s actual boyfriend, Bobby Briggs . Later that day, Laura realizes pages are missing from her secret diary, and tells her friend, the agoraphobic Harold Smith , about it. She claims BOB took the pages. Harold tells Laura that BOB is not real. Laura argues that BOB is real and says that he told her that if she does not let him be her, he will kill her. When Harold argues, Laura says "fire walk with me", her face changing color. Returning to normal and visibly shaken, Laura gives Harold her diary to keep. She leaves, stating she does not know when, or if, she will return. Meanwhile, Cooper tells fellow agent Albert Rosenfield  he believes the killer will strike again and describes the appearance of who he believes the victim will be. During her Meals on Wheels rounds, Laura sees Mrs. Chalfont  and her grandson. Chalfont gives Laura a painting, and her grandson informs Laura that the "man behind the mask" is in Laura\'s room. Laura runs home, where she sees BOB. After Laura rushes outside in terror, she sees her father, Leland , emerge from the house. Laura then realises her father could be BOB. Later that evening, when the Palmer family is about to eat, Leland, upon seeing the half-heart necklace, menaces Laura and questions her about her "lovers." Looking at her finger, Leland insinuates there is dirt underneath the nail. Later, Leland sits on the edge of his bed and suddenly begins to weep. He goes into his daughter\'s bedroom and tells her that he loves her. After he is gone, Laura looks to a picture of an angel on her wall, asking if Leland is really BOB. Remembering the painting she received from Chalfont that she left on the front lawn, Laura goes outside to get it. After hanging it on her wall, she falls asleep. She dreams about entering the Black Lodge and about a ring. Suddenly Cooper enters the room and we see the Man from Another Place. He tells Cooper that he  is "the arm" and he utters an Indian Whooping sound. The Man from Another Place offers the ring to Laura but Cooper tells her not to take the ring. Laura finds Annie Blackburn ([[Heather Graham  next to her in bed, covered in blood. Annie tells Laura in her diary that "the good Dale"  is trapped in the Black Lodge and can\'t leave. Laura sees the ring in her hand and is frightened. Hearing the muffled cry of her mother, Laura goes to her bedroom door. She is suddenly in the painting. When she turns she sees herself sleeping peacefully in her bed. Laura awakens in the morning, and the ring is gone from her hand. Disturbed, she removes the painting from her wall. Meanwhile, Bobby, Leo, and Jacques Renault discuss drug scores. Bobby first phones Leo asking to score more drugs, but Leo hangs up on him. Bobby then calls Jacques at the Roadhouse who agrees to send someone to meet with him in "two days midnight at the sound of sawing wood." That evening, Laura is ready to go to the Roadhouse when Donna tells her of her wish to accompany her, but Laura says she is not invited. As Laura is about to enter the bar, she encounters the Log Lady. Inside the bar, Jacques introduces Laura to two men. The group is about to leave for the Pink Room to have sex, but Donna shows up and wants to come too; impressed by her "audition" kiss, they let her. In the Pink Room, Laura discusses Teresa Banks\' murder with Ronette Pulaski , mentioning the girl\'s hopes of becoming rich by blackmailing someone, then engages in oral sex with the men. Laura is distraught, not with seeing Donna topless but with the jacket she is wearing. It is Laura\'s jacket. Jacques Renault carries her out and Laura and takes her home. The next morning, Laura tells Donna that she does not want Donna to become like her. Leland arrives, becomes blank faced and has a memory of Ronette and Laura laughing on a bed together. Leland takes Laura to breakfast. On the way there, MIKE , the one-armed man, shouts madly at Leland from his pick up truck during a traffic jam at the stoplight in town. Mike accuses Leland of stealing corn. He tells Laura "The look on her face when it was opened… There was a stillness like the formica table top." He shouts at Leland that "the thread will be torn". Showing Laura the ring, Mike attempts to tell her that her father is BOB but both Leland and Laura scream, preventing her from hearing. Leland pulls into a gas station parking lot to gather his wits and recalls his affair with Teresa. After having set up a foursome with Teresa\'s friends, Leland had fled in fear, discovering that Laura was one of them. This led to Teresa discovering who her "John" really was. Leland was the man she was blackmailing. Sensing a change in her father\'s behaviour, Laura questions him about seeing him on the day she found BOB looking for the diary. Later that night, Laura realizes that the ring she saw was the same one from her dream. Leland remembers killing Teresa. The next night, Laura and Bobby take cocaine in the woods, and Jacques sends a drug messenger who is the Sherriff\'s deputy from Deer Meadow, carrying an enormous amount of cocaine. The messenger takes out a gun intending to kill him, but Bobby shoots him and futilely tries to bury him as Laura laughs, high on drugs. The following morning, James worries about Laura taking drugs. Leland gives Sarah Palmer valium to sedate her. After she drifts off to an undisturbed sleep, Leland walks into the hallway to turn on the fan. BOB comes through Laura\'s window and begins raping her. She realizes that BOB has taken over her father. The next morning, distraught, she warns Leland to stay away from her. Upset over the realization her father is actually BOB, Laura cannot concentrate at school. Laura later refuses sex with Bobby, and he finally realizes that Laura was using him to get the cocaine. Still caring for Laura and sensing her pain, Bobby gives her his own drugs. The Angel in Laura\'s painting disappears. In the woods. Laura tells James "his Laura" is gone. Screaming that she loves him, Laura runs away from James deeper into the woods. Laura meets Ronette, Jacques, and Leo, and they hold an orgy in Jacques\' cabin as Leland watches from outside. Jacques wants to have hard sex, and ties Laura up. Leland attacks Jacques outside, and Leo flees in panic. Leland takes Laura and Ronette, both bound, to the train car. Meanwhile, Mike realizes that BOB/Leland is about to kill again and chases after him. As he is tying Laura up a second time, she asks Leland if he is going to kill her. He does not answer. Leland places a mirror in front of her. She screams after seeing her reflection turn into BOB. BOB is real. He tells Laura that he wants her. Ronette prays. She breaks down stating that she is not ready because she is "dirty". Suddenly an angel appears in the train car as all actions stop. The angel causes both Ronette and Laura\'s hands to become unbound. Hearing Mike outside begging to be let in, Ronette, now free, is able to help him open the door. When Leland sees Ronette trying to let him in, he knocks her unconscious and kicks her out of the train car. Mike is able to use this moment to throw in his ring. Laura, whose hands are also free now, wears the ring, preventing BOB from becoming her. Angered that he can\'t be her, BOB kills her as he promised by stabbing her repeatedly. BOB/Leland places Laura\'s body in the lake. As her corpse drifts away, BOB/Leland enters the Black Lodge, where he encounters Mike and the Man from Another Place . They tell BOB that they want all their garmonbozia . BOB heals Leland\'s wound. Laura\'s body washes up on the lake shore where it is found by the Sheriff\'s department the following morning. Laura\'s spirit later sits in the Black Lodge, and notices Agent Cooper at her side, who has a hand on her shoulder. Laura looks deeply saddened until her angel appears, and she begins to cry, and then laugh. The film ends with Laura\'s face in white.'] ['Joe Turner  is a CIA employee  who works in a clandestine office in New York City. He reads books, newspapers, and magazines from around the world, looking for hidden meanings and new ideas. As part of his duties, Turner files a report to CIA headquarters on a low-quality thriller novel his office has been reading, pointing out strange plot elements therein, and the unusual assortment of languages into which the book has been translated. On the day in which Turner expects a response to his report, a group of armed men, led by an Alsatian assassin later identified as Joubert , executes the six people in the office. Turner escapes death because at the moment of the incursion, he was out of the office getting lunch. Realizing he is in danger when he returns to the office and discovers his coworkers\' bodies, Turner calls the CIA New York headquarters, and is given instructions to meet some agents who will take care of him. The meeting, however, is a trap, and Turner escapes an attempt to kill him. Needing a place to hide, Turner forces a woman, Kathy Hale , whom he sees randomly in a ski shop, to take him to her apartment in Brooklyn Heights. He holds her prisoner while he attempts to figure out what\'s going on. However, his hiding place is discovered. A hitman, disguised as a postman with a parcel that must be signed for, shows up at the apartment. Turner opens the door and a fight ensues. Turner kills the hitman. Realizing that he cannot trust anyone within the CIA, Turner begins to play a cat-and-mouse game with Higgins , the CIA deputy director of the New York division. With the help of Hale, Turner abducts Higgins, who reveals through questioning that the killer was a Frenchman named Joubert. Higgins discovers that the postman who attacked Turner in Hale\'s apartment was a former U.S. Marine Corps Gunnery Sergeant and CIA operative who had collaborated with Joubert on a previous operation. The mastermind of that operation, however, is revealed to be Leonard Atwood , the CIA Deputy Director of Operations and Higgins\' superior. Meanwhile, using material he found on the fake postman\'s body, Turner finds where Joubert is staying, then uses his skills as a former telephone lineman to trace a call Joubert makes from his hotel room. He then finds the name and address of the person Joubert called: Atwood. Turner confronts Atwood at his home late at night and questions him at gunpoint. Turner learns that the report he had filed had uncovered a secret plan to take over Middle East oilfields, setting in motion the killing of all the members in his section. Joubert surprises them, takes away Turner\'s pistol, and unexpectedly kills Atwood. The contract has now changed: even though Atwood had hired Joubert to terminate Turner before, Atwood\'s superiors have now hired Joubert to terminate Atwood. Turner is dumbfounded, realizing that Joubert and he are on the same side, working once again for the CIA. Joubert is disarmingly courteous, suggesting that Turner leave the country, even become an assassin himself since Turner had shown such resourcefulness in staying alive. Turner rejects the suggestions, but seems to take seriously Joubert\'s warning that the CIA will still try to kill him. Joubert even muses aloud on how Turner\'s killing would likely be carried out. Turner goes back to New York City and meets Higgins on a busy street. Higgins defends the oil-fields plan, claiming that there will be a day in which oil shortages will cause a major economic crisis for the country. And when that day comes, Americans will want the government to use any means necessary to obtain the oil. Turner says he has told the press "a story" , but Higgins questions Turner\'s assurances that the story will be printed. After a brief dialogue, an anxious Turner glances at Higgins and The New York Times office, then hastily walks away. The final shot is a freeze frame of Turner passing behind a Salvation Army band singing Christmas carols while looking over his shoulder back at Higgins.'] ['A rich man and his wife return to their home. Upon realizing the house\'s power is out, they discover a large box upstairs. Upon opening the box and being horrified by its contents, they are knocked out by an unseen figure. The story shifts to Arkin, an ex-con who has gone straight and become a handyman. He seems to be well liked by his latest clients, the Chase family, especially their younger daughter Hannah. Upon completing work on the Chase house, Arkin meets up with his ex-wife whose debt to several loan sharks is due by midnight. In order to protect her and their young daughter, Arkin plans a heist at the Chase home, which houses a valuable diamond. After settling a deal with his colleague Roy, Arkin heads to the Chase house, which appears to be empty. While cracking a safe, Arkin hears another person enter the house, locking the door and trapping him inside. After avoiding the other figure, a large masked individual, Arkin tries to crack the safe again, but sees Michael, the father of the Chase family beaten and bloody. Thinking Arkin is behind all this, he picks up a golf club to attack, but it is rigged with a trap that knocks out Michael. Arkin attempts a 911 call, but the phone is rigged with another trap, and he also discovers the windows are boarded up and lined with razors. While hiding in the basement from the figure, he finds a bloody Michael, who informs him that his wife Victoria is trapped as well, but his older daughter Jill is out and Hannah is hiding. He tells Arkin there\'s a gun in the safe and gives him the combination. Using Victoria\'s screams as a distraction, Arkin gets the gun, but can\'t find any bullets. Upon opening the safe, he also pockets the diamond. While searching for Hannah, Arkin finds the same box from the beginning of the film in a closet. Hearing noise from it, he opens the box to find Larry, the man from the beginning, now bloody and disfigured. He explains to Arkin that the figure is a "collector" of people, and he\'ll kill the ones he doesn\'t want, like his wife. He begs Arkin to run while he still has the chance. After putting Larry back in the box, Arkin tries to escape through an open window, but later survives its booby trap which ends up killing the family\'s cat. Upon his return to the basement, Arkin finds Michael has been killed by The Collector. After freeing Victoria, he tells her to follow him. However, upon seeing Micheal\'s dismembered body, she panics and runs right into The Collector who stabs her several times and sews her mouth shut. Arkin returns upstairs to find Jill coming home with her boyfriend Chad. As the two prepare to have sex, they notice The Collector watching them. The Collector kills Chad by throwing him into the dining room  and captures Jill, who makes a 911 call just before she is taken. Arkin later frees Jill, who is quickly killed by another of The Collector\'s traps. Arkin breaks through the boards, and finally flees the house, but returns upon seeing Hannah in the window. He subdues The Collector and prepares a trap with Hannah in her room. However, The Collector uses Larry as a decoy, killing him. Arkin later fights The Collector, pulling off his mask before being knocked out. The Collector takes Arkin to the basement. Fearing The Collector has found Hannah\'s location, Arkin taunts him, who responds by torturing Arkin. Just as he is about to kill Arkin, a cop responding to Jill\'s 911 call arrives. The Collector disposes of him using his vicious dog, which was stationed outside. Meanwhile, Arkin frees himself and prepares to leave with Hannah , but The Collector sends his dog after them. After killing the dog, Arkin lures The Collector into his own trap  and flees the house with Hannah. They run into several approaching police officers, who take and comfort Hannah. As Arkin is loaded into an ambulance, Hannah gives him a grateful wave. A subsequent conversation between Arkin and a cop reveals The Collector was an exterminator also working at the Chase house, which promptly explodes. While being taken to the hospital, Arkin finds the diamond still in his pocket and begs the paramedic to call his wife. Before he can, a large truck slams into the ambulance, flipping it over. The driver, revealed to be The Collector, arrives and kills the paramedic. He grabs Arkin and loads him into his box, sealing him inside and driving away. In a scene after the credits, The Collector is sitting on his box watching TV. A determined Arkin can be heard screaming that he will kill The Collector once he gets out. The Collector kicks the box to shut him up.'] ["When the participants of an internet chat room are brutally murdered in succession, one person's past holds the key to the gruesome mystery."] ['The film opens to the actual murder. Three teenage boys are holding a knife to the throat of a man. They are demanding his wedding ring, and he is begging for his life. The boy holding the knife says "he can\'t do it." Another boy draws a pistol, says "God Forgive me", and shoots him to death. The three boys run out of the house to a getaway car. The scene then cuts to a courtroom. The prosecuting attorney explains to the court that Ms. Smart coerced the boys into the murder of her husband. The scene then cuts to a flashback, where Gregg Smart calls the home of his then-fiancee Pam. He tells her that he got a job at a New Hampshire insurance company, and that she should pack her bags. When he arrives, she notices that he cut his hair, and expresses her disapproval. The next scene shows their wedding. As they are about to drive off, she tells her new parents-in-law that she is thankful that they have been so good to her. Pamela soon applies for a job at a news station, but is turned down. She then gets a job as a media director at a high school, where she begins an Anti-Drug campaign. For the drug campaign, she meets several students, including Billy Flynn and Cecelia Pierce. After the meeting, she drives Cecelia and Billy home, dropping off Cecelia first. When Billy and Pam are alone in the car, they learn of their shared fandom of Van Halen, and Pam says she used to work on a radio station, & met the band then. Later on, Billy, Pam, and Cecelia learn of a contest to make an advertisement for orange juice, which has a cash prize and a trip to Florida. They decide to make a music video for it, Billy being the cameraman. Soon after, Cecelia expresses her interest of going into a similar field to Pam, who offers to let her be her intern. Cecelia accepts, and tells Pam that Billy has a "major crush" on her. On one occasion, Pam and Billy go to a nightclub together, despite Bobby\'s mother\'s disapproval. One day of filming the music video, Pam asks Billy if she could shower at his house, he says that was okay. Afterward, Billy and Pam talk in his bedroom, & they soon begin to kiss each other passionately. Pam soon pulls away and tells Billy that she\'s married. However, soon Billy is at his friends house. He tells his friend that his mom believes he is sleeping over there, so if she calls he should pretend he can\'t come to the phone, but in reality he is going to Pam\'s and that her husband is out of town. When asked if they plan to have sex, Billy says "I hope so." At Pam\'s, they do end up going upstairs and having sex for the first time. When Pam is driving Billy home one day, she tells him they have to break up. Billy asks her why, and she says that Greg rarely goes out of town like that, and that she wants to be with Billy always. She tells him that the only way they could be together is if he murders her husband. Billy suggests that she divorces Gregg, but she says that all they own is made out to him, and he would get all of it. He also has had a history of beating her, and is afraid for her safety if she leaves him. She tells him that he will also pay his friends $1,000 to kill her husband. On two separate occasions, Billy says he and his friends will kill Gregg, but both times he doesn\'t, and Pam reacts with anger, and threatens to tell Gregg of the whole situation. Billy tells his friends that he would commit suicide if he lost Pam. On the third occasion, they succeed in killing him. When questioned by the police and media, Pam adamantly claims that her husband was not a violent person, nor was he involved with illegal drugs. Meanwhile, an anonymous caller tells the Police that Cecelia knew about the plot. The police immediately question Cecelia, who eventually admits to the story being true. Billy & his friends are arrested, as is Pam. Billy is offered a reduced sentence if he testifies against Pam, and his friends talk him into it. The movie ends in the courtroom again. The jury finds Pamela to be guilty, and she is sentenced.'] ['On a cruise ship en route to Copenhagen, Michael Armstrong , an esteemed American physicist and rocket scientist, is to attend a scientific conference. Once there, he begins acting suspiciously, eventually flying to East Berlin, where he is welcomed by representatives of the East German government. His assistant and fiancée, Sarah Sherman , follows him there, believing he has defected to the other side. Sherman, however, is extremely uncomfortable with this move, realizing if the apparent defection is in fact real, given the circumstances of the Cold War of the period, she would likely never see her home or family again. They are constantly accompanied by Professor Karl Manfred , who took part in arranging Armstrong\'s defection to the East. It soon becomes apparent to the viewer that Armstrong\'s defection is in fact a ruse to gain the confidence of the East German scientific establishment, in order to learn just how much their chief scientist Gustav Lindt  and by extension, the Soviet Union, knows about anti-missile systems. Armstrong has made preparations to return to the West. These plans are threatened, along with the entire escape network, known as Pi, when he is followed to the isolated farm home of his contact by Hermann Gromek , an East German security officer assigned to him. Armstrong kills Gromek, who is then buried by the \'farmer\'  and his wife . The taxicab driver  who drove Armstrong to the farm, however, reports Armstrong\'s suspicious behavior to the police. Armstrong visits the physics faculty of Karl Marx University in Leipzig, where his loyalty is suspected because of the missing Gromek. The faculty try to interrogate his fiancée/assistant about her knowledge of the American "Gamma Five" anti-missile program, but she refuses to cooperate and runs from the room. At this point, Armstrong secretly confides to her his actual motives, and asks her to go along with the ruse. He finally goads Professor Lindt into revealing his anti-missile equations in a fit of pique over what Lindt believes are Armstrong\'s mathematical mistakes. When Lindt hears over the university\'s loudspeaker system that Armstrong and his fiancée are being sought for questioning, he realizes that he has given up his secrets while learning nothing in return. Armstrong must make a harrowing escape, along with Sherman, with the help of the university clinic physician Dr. Koska . They travel to East Berlin, pursued by the Stasi, in a bus operated by the Pi escape network, led by Mr. Jacobi . Roadblocks, highway robbery by Soviet army deserters, and bunching with the real bus increase the suspense. The escape eventually leads to an alliance with the exiled Polish countess Kuchinska , and a typical Hitchcock setpiece, an escape through a crowded theater after being spotted by the lead ballerina , who bears a bit of a grudge.  Armstrong and Sherman hide in a crate of props belonging to a traveling Czech troupe. The troupe travels across the Baltic Sea to Sweden on a freighter. The ballerina makes a mistake in uncovering where Armstrong and Sherman are hiding on the ship, the wrong crates are fired on when already dangling over the pier, and Armstrong and Sherman are able to escape by jumping overboard and swimming to a Swedish dock.'] ['An ice cold tale of misguided ambition and savage revenge. Set in the bowels of an iconic derelict Los Angeles high-rise, we follow Lauren and her real-estate investing fiancé as they discover first hand what happens when a madman leads not with emotion, but rather chilling rationality. The Man in question brings a heaping helping of sanity and jet-black humor to the crazy table. The result is a wonderfully off-kilter horror/thriller that never goes where we expect, but rather draws the audience deeper into a surprising world that has dark corners even in the brightest rooms.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1415284/.html'] ['Buried within the beautiful suburb of Sunshine Hills is a series of secrets and mysteries, most involving the disappearance of young women. Local teenager, Daniel Hobbs, a lonely outsider, is drawn into a plot by Suzy Thomson, a seventeen year old neighbor, to uncover the truth behind the missing girls. This mostly involves sneaking into the lives of the occupants of number 46. What he finds is the shocking truth about his own background. Or is it?'] ["Johns plays Barbara Vining, a teen-age student that has an unrequited crush on her Latin teacher, Stephen Barlow . When Barlow's wife Kay  finds out about this, she confronts Barbara, who is humiliated and runs off. Stephen chases after her to try to calm her down near a local river. Barbara does not return home to her parents for three days, during which time Stephen is accused by the community of causing her death without any evidence, causing him to lose his job and nearly his marriage. Walter Fitzgerald and Megs Jenkins play her parents Henry and Vi, and Pamela Brown plays her spinster Aunt Evelyn, who lives with the family and with her gossip and innuendo, makes the situation worse."] ['Committed but seen-it-all police inspector Martineau rightly guesses that after a violent jailbreak a local criminal will head home to Manchester to pick up the spoils from his last job. Martineau is soon investigating a murder during a street robbery which seems to lead back to the same villain. Concentrating on the case and using his local contacts to try to track the gang down, he is aware he is not keeping his own personal life together as well as he might.'] ['Charles Masson , an advertising executive, is having an affair with Laura , the wife of his best friend, world renown architect François Tellier . Their sex life consists of sadomasochistic behavior, and in one of their heated sessions, Charles accidentally strangles Laura. Completely confused, Charles leaves the borrowed apartment in Paris and runs into François at a nearby bistro. The two drive back together to Versailles, where they have beautiful adjoining houses designed by François. The owner of the apartment had seen Laura and Charles together two months earlier, but she does not tell the police because of François. Even though the police do not seem to have any clues to the crime, Charles has a difficult time coping with the situation, and tries to lead a normal life with his two children and loving wife Hélène .'] ['A successful New York attorney, Gavin Banek, is in a rush to file a power of appointment, which will prove a dead man signed his foundation over to Banek\'s law firm. He has a collision with another car, belonging to an insurance salesman, Doyle Gipson, who is also in a rush to a hearing to try to gain custody of his children and to prevent his estranged wife from taking them to Oregon. Banek tries to brush Gipson off with a blank check thereby disobeying the law. After Gipson refuses to accept the check and voices his desire to "do the right thing", that is, filing a police report and insurance claim, Banek strands Gipson, telling him, "better luck next time". After arriving to the court late, Gipson learns that it proceeded without him and that it didn\'t go in his favor. Unfortunately for Banek, he dropped the crucial power of appointment file at the scene of the accident, and the judge gives him until the end of the day to re-obtain the papers and present them. Gipson, who took the papers, has no intention of returning them, and in desperation, Banek goes to someone skilled with computers and gets him to switch off Gipson\'s credit. Gipson needed credit for a loan so he could buy a house for his family, and he becomes further enraged, determined to make life difficult for Banek. Both men continue to do morally reprehensible things in an attempt to one-up each other, and eventually they begin to question their actions. Though it is made clear that Banek and Gipson are radically different, they both have an angry, vengeful streak, each capable of abandoning his morals just to punish the other. The film ends with both men having a new outlook on life, concentrating on ethics and the moral implications of their actions. Ultimately the two men apologize to each other and Gipson returns the file, but it looks to be too late for both of what they were trying to do. Banek ends up using the file to force his boss to do the right thing and plans to represent Gipson pro bono so he can get the house he wants. Banek also visits Gipson\'s wife to explain everything to her, knowing he owes Gipson that much. The movie ends with Gipson\'s wife and children smiling at him from across the street, indicating a possible reconciliation or at the very least some kind of arrangement between the two in the future.'] ["Tough Chicago Police Lieutenant Jim Brannigan  is sent to London to extradite a notorious American gangster, Ben Larkin . Brannigan is assigned a local officer, Jennifer , to help while he is in London. Before he can collect him Larkin is kidnapped, by Mel Fields  and Brannigan spends the rest of the film running around London in search of Larkin. Whilst struggling to adapt to the British way of life, and the restrained style of policing, he employs techniques not usually seen in Britain. In the meantime, a contract has been put out on Brannigan's life by Larkin to prevent him from being extradited to the United States. The contract is picked up by Gorman . Commander Swann , in charge of helping Brannigan get Larkin to America, is a stuffy, upper class, Metropolitan Police Commander who's not afraid to get his hands dirty. There is continual conflict between Brannigan and Swann about Brannigan's carrying, and use of, his handgun."] ["Derek Charles  is the Executive Vice President of Gage Bendix, a finance company. Derek and his wife, Sharon  have an infant son, Kyle . While at work, Derek briefly flirts with temp Lisa Sheridan , who later attempt to seduce him throughout the film. Derek repeatedly rejects her, but Lisa continues to advance on him, and attempts to have sex with him at the no-spouse Christmas party and flashes him in his car. Derek intends to report Lisa to his firm's human resource management, but learns that she has quit her job. Derek and his workmates visit a resort for a conference, where he spots Lisa. He confronts her, who spikes his drink. Incapacitated, Derek is somewhat helpless when Lisa follows him into his hotel room and kisses him. He confronts Lisa again the following day, and hours later discovers her lying in his bed after attempting suicide through drug overdose. After repeated attempts to reach Derek on his phone, Sharon finds Derek at the hospital, and suspects that he and Lisa had an affair, as Lisa claims. Detective Monica Reese  questions Derek and becomes skeptical of Lisa's claims, and informs Derek of her belief in him. Sharon kicks Derek out of their house, and Derek moves into a separate apartment. While Derek and Sharon are dining out, Lisa breaks in their house and tricks the babysitter Samantha  into letting her in under the pretense of being one of Sharon's friends, and flees with Kyle. When Derek and Sharon return home after dinner, they discover that Kyle has been abducted. Derek goes to his car with the intent to pursue Lisa, only to find Kyle sitting safely in the back seat. Derek and Sharon immediately take Kyle to the hospital for a check-up. When Derek and Sharon return home after checking-up Kyle, they find Lisa has trashed their bedroom and removed Sharon's face from their family portrait. Sharon leaves a threatening voice message on Lisa's phone, and she and Derek set up a home alarm system. Lisa learns that Derek and Sharon will be away from town, with Sharon leaving that afternoon and Derek the next day. While Sharon is on her way to pick up Kyle, she realizes that she forgot to set the alarm system and returns home. Meanwhile, Lisa breaks into Derek and Sharon's house again and decorates the master bed with rose petals. While setting the alarm, Sharon hears Lisa in the bedroom. Sharon tells Lisa that she is calling the police, but Lisa proves to be far stronger and more dangerous than she anticipated and easily tackles her to the floor and Sharon and Lisa engage in a fistfight. Sharon is aggressive and uses her size advantage while Lisa targets Sharons throat. Lisa gains the upper hand by elbowing Sharon in the face and attempting to force her over the stair banister while choking her with both hands. In desperation, Sharon lunges forward and Sharon and Lisa engage in a struggle where Lisa, refusing to let go of her throat manages to overpower and wrestle Sharon down the stairs, temporarily knocking her out. Derek calls his house and Lisa answers and later calls Detective Reese and immediately leaves his office. Lisa runs to the attic, and Sharon pursues her. Sharon leads Lisa to a weak spot in the attic floor, where Lisa falls through. Sharon reaches out and attempt to take Lisa's hand to lift her up, but Lisa pulls Sharon down with her instead of accepting her help. Seeing that the floor is starting to buckle, Sharon pries Lisa off of her arm. Lisa falls onto a chandelier, breaking her fall, but lets go and falls onto the glass table below. Lisa opens her eyes, only to have the chandelier fall, which finally kills Lisa. Derek and Detective Reese arrives as Sharon comes out of the front door of the house. The film ends when Derek and Sharon embrace each other as Detective Reese enters their house to investigate Lisa's actions."] ['Forensic psychiatrist Dr. Jack Gramm  testifies at the trial of suspected serial murderer Jon Forster , dubbed "The Seattle Slayer" by police. Gramm\'s testimony and expert psychiatric opinion are crucial to help convict Forster of the murder of Joanie Coates, who was drugged with halothane, hung upside down, and raped and tortured after the killer broke into her home. After receiving his conviction by the jury, Forster taunts Gramm, saying "Tick- tock, Doc." Nine years later, as Forster\'s execution date approaches, several similar torture murders with very similar modus operandi occur. Gramm is questioned by a lawyer from the Attorney General\'s office as well as FBI Special Agent Frank Parks ([[William Forsythe  about his connection to the latest victim, Dale Morris, a former psychology student of Gramm\'s with whom he was at a party the night before, just hours before her death. On the way to his class, Gramm receives a phone call from someone using software to distort their voice, threatening he has 88 minutes to live. He later reports the call to his secretary Shelly  and has her put together a risk assessment profile of potential perpetrators. Gramm receives another threatening phone call while teaching and becomes suspicious of his students, particularly Mike Stempt . The Dean of students, Carol Johnson , interrupts the class to evacuate the building due to a bomb threat called in. As he evacuates the lecture hall, Gramm finds a written threat on the overhead projector in the classroom as well as on his car, which has been vandalized in the parking garage. Gramm then is met by his teaching assistant Kim Cummings  who offers to help him find the person that\'s been targeting him. In the stairwell of the parking garage, Gramm comes upon one of his students, Lauren Douglas , attacked by an unknown assailant and reports the assault to Campus Security. Gramm and Kim go to his condo where a package has been delivered. Lauren Douglas drops by with the risk assessment of people who may want to kill him that he had asked Shelly to fax to his home. The package contains an old audio tape of his kid-sister, Katie, begging for her life and her subsequent murder. Gramm later explains she was killed several years ago when he left her alone in his apartment while he attended an important meeting; the crime took exactly 88 minutes. As Gramm determines someone had accessed his secure files area to obtain the audio tape, suddenly Kim\'s ex-husband, Guy LaForge , shows up with a gun but is shot and killed from behind by an unknown person wearing a motorcycle helmet and leather protective gear. The shooter flees through the crowd outside after a fire alarm is triggered in the building. Next, Gramm and Kim visit Sara Pollard , the woman Gramm was with the night before, but find her murdered in her apartment with evidence incriminating Gramm. Carol calls Gramm and makes comments suggesting that she is the killer and demands Gramm meet her at his office. Shelly arrives at Sara\'s apartment and advises Gramm she suspects Lauren was the one who stole the audio tape of Gramm\'s sister\'s death. Kim disappears from the apartment and later calls Gramm with a threat similar to Carol\'s, also demanding he meet her at the office. Through prison visitation records, Gramm deduces that Forster\'s appeals attorney, "Lydia Doherty" is actually Lauren using a pseudonym, and surmises she set up the frame on orders from Forster from jail. Kim calls again instructing Gramm to come to another nearby location on campus where he finds Carol has been hung over a seventh floor balcony and Kim is tied up and gagged, held at gun point by Lauren. Lauren threatens Gramm and forces him to "confess" on tape that he gave false testimony at Forster\'s trial. Special Agent Parks arrives and shoots Lauren, causing both Carol and Lauren to fall from the balcony. Gramm saves Carol, but Lauren comes loose and plummets to her death. When Forster calls asking to speak with Lauren, Gramm informs him Lauren is dead, the set up is over. He then quips "Tick tock, tick tock, you got 12 hours to live." He then hurls the phone into the atrium, where it strikes the ground floor and shatters.'] ['Set in the American Midwest, the film begins with the murder of a Jewish radio host in Chicago. FBI undercover agent Catherine Weaver , alias Katie Phillips, sets out to infiltrate a farming community, suspected of harbouring those responsible. After receiving a warm welcome from land-owner and farmer Gary Simmons , his two children and extended family, she begins to believe that the FBI lead is erroneous. Throwing caution to the wind, she falls in love with Simmons, a Vietnam War veteran who appears to command the respect of the local community. A short while later, her suspicions are aroused by talk of family secrets and as more chilling events unfold, Katie is exposed to the fact that Gary is the leader of a Klan-like white supremacy group involved in heinous, often gut-wrenching, acts of racial violence. In too deep, Katie pleads with boss and mentor Michael Carnes ([[John Heard  to release her from the assignment, but he refuses, instead turning the screw on her mixed loyalties. Ultimately, she must betray either the man she loves or the country she has sworn to protect.'] ['The film begins with a trucker at a truck stop in an unspecified rural location. It is night time and in a heavy rainstorm, and a hooker gets into a large, black Peterbilt and offers her "services" to the trucker inside. The trucker is revealed to be Rusty Nail , when he recites his phrase "I like the rain. Keeps everybody inside and washes everything clean." He asks the hooker to go out into the rain to get wet. When she is unnerved by this strange behavior and states she is leaving, Rusty Nail locks the doors and asks her to leave through the open window. He then shuts the window up half way as she is clambering out, trapping her with half her body hanging outside the truck. Rusty Nail then drives off, decapitating the hooker as he drives alongside a trailer attached to the truck. The film then jumps to the new protagonists, Melissa and her fiancé Bobby , a young engaged couple in their early twenties who are on a cross country road trip in a 1983 model Chevrolet Caprice Wagon. They are heading across the Southwestern United States to Las Vegas, where they plan on getting married. Joining them for the ride is Melissa\'s sister Kayla ([[Laura Jordan , who along the way also picks up her online boyfriend Nik , a punk. When their car breaks down in the desert, the four find a seemingly abandoned house along a side road and in the barn they find a silver 1971 Chevrolet Chevelle with gasoline fully filled. At first Melissa and Bobby are reluctant to take the car as it amounts to thieving but due to Kayla and Nik\'s persistence they relent. Melissa, Bobby, Kayla and Nik decide to take the Chevelle as there doesn\'t seem to be anybody about and the car is in working order, however Melissa leaves a note in the house leaving her contact details to whoever may own the house and/or car. Melissa receives a phone call from the person who owned the car they stole. He then calls Melissa Goldilocks , revealing that he can see her. It appears somebody had followed them, and he also tells "I believe you have something of mine, cause i have now something of yours." as soon after Bobby disappears from a diner restroom. The others find a CB radio in their car with which Rusty Nail talks to them. He orders them to destroy their cellphones and follow his orders if Bobby is to survive, and he has some quite nasty psychological mind games that create a bridge for gory, life-and-death situations. The group continues to follow Rusty Nail who promises them that they will be all reunited soon, after Rusty requests for Kayla\'s middle finger, a reference to when Kayla flipped off the driver of a truck.  The group cut a finger from a corpse and they reach a wrong trucker because Rusty already knew that they had broken the rules. Rusty cut off one finger of Bobby and put it in the glove compartment of the vehicle which was later discovered by the group. Rusty later instructs Melissa to "strip down to her underwear" in front of his truck, but it turns out not to be him, but some other trucker Rusty Nail had instructed to be there. Rusty Nail soon pulls up at a bar in Utah and Bobby tries to escape. He gains the attention of the barman who has gone outside to smoke, but Rusty Nail catches him and uses a chainsaw-chain to cut off the barman\'s jaw. He then commands Nik to walk through a party dressed as a female and to buy crystal meth. Nik refuses to do this, and Melissa takes a knife to his throat and Nik cries, confessing he is scared and that his tattoos are fake. Nik walks up to the party in the clothes we saw on the hooker earlier, but at the party Rusty kidnaps Nik and drives off. Melissa and Kayla chase them, and Rusty gets behind them. He rams them a few times and then the car flips over, and Kayla\'s leg is pinned and instructs Melissa to go because he\'s going to ram the car again. Melissa jumps at the last second as instructed, while Kayla is killed in the exploding car. He takes Bobby and Nik back to his home, and has them play a sadistic game with dice. In this game, whatever one person rolls makes the other person suffer. Various things happen to them, like branding them with a rusty nail in the shape of an "R", being hit in the kneecap, etc. Once Bobby rolls a double one snake eyes, Rusty kills Nik by stabbing him with a steel bar through the top of his head. Melissa then breaks into a police station and steals a motor bike and races off to find Bobby. Rusty nail hangs Bobby by his neck in the back of his truck. Melissa comes to rescue him by distracting Rusty Nail with the police motorcycle, by parking it by the side of the truck. Melissa overpowers the killer with a few well placed hits to the back with a shovel and drives away in his truck accidentally disconnecting the cab from the rest of the truck  ... only for Rusty to manage to grab on to the side and end up on the roof of the vehicle. She drives until the sun comes up and ends up plowing into a gas tank, causing the truck to catch fire. Melissa jumps from the truck as Rusty takes control, but it\'s too late and he drives off the side of a cliff, the truck exploding on impact. Bobby escapes from the trailer he was hung up in and meets back up with Melissa, their ordeal finally over. Later in the middle of nowhere, a girl is stuck on the side of the road as her car has broken down. A big red Peterbilt truck  drives past her, only to back up. She explains what\'s happened and asks for a ride. As the truck door opens you can see that the driver has a badly burnt right arm. The girl climbs in and a familiar voice says, "You\'ll catch your death out there" before laughing ominously as the credits roll.'] ['The film opens with a hostage situation in South Dakota where FBI Agent Art Jeffries , who, as the inside man, protects a 15 year old kid named James while trying to talk a bank robber named Edgar Halstrom  into surrendering. However, the FBI task force kills the robbers and James. Jeffries confronts his superior, Hartley, who tells him he\'d report to Washington. An infuriated Jeffries punches Hartley for that and for James\' death. A cryptographic code called "Mercury" was created by the National Security Agency and allegedly so complex that its creators believe no computer on Earth can decipher it. Originally it was created during the Reagan Administration as a test to keep the United States\' highest priority secrets under wraps. One day, the NSA receives a message from a nine-year-old autistic savant named Simon Lynch  who calls a telephone number written in the code which was secretly published in a puzzle magazine by two of the creators, Dean Crandell ([[Robert Stanton  and Leo Pedranski , to see if anyone could break it. Crandell and Pedranski\'s division chief, Lt. Colonel Nick Kudrow  sees the boy\'s ability to decipher the code as a liability and rather than rectify the problem adequately, instead plans to silence Simon, sending a hit man, Peter Burrell  and his partner Shayes  to murder the boy and his parents, Martin and Jenny. After killing Martin and Jenny, Burrell searches the house, fails to find Simon, and leaves at the sound of approaching sirens . Jeffries, who has been demoted following a diagnosis of delusional paranoia, is sent to investigate what is initially thought to be a murder-suicide of Simon\'s parents. While investigating the scene, Jeffries finds Simon hiding in a cache of his bedroom closet and takes the boy under his wing. Jeffries begins to realize the difficulty of protecting, let alone questioning Simon, because of his impaired social abilities as a result of his autism, but the Chicago PD agree to assign a protection detail to Simon. The assassins try to kill Simon again at the hospital, but Jeffries stops them and kills Shayes at the Chicago \'L\' train. The situation is further complicated by the fact that nobody at the FBI believes Simon is in any danger, and Jeffries is soon framed by the NSA as a kidnapper, with only his best friend and fellow agent Tommy Jordan  aware that he did not commit the crime, since Jordan had been in contact with Jeffries when the incident began. Jeffries borrows Jordan\'s car  and takes Simon to his house where his parents were murdered the previous morning. Simon again calls the telephone number written in the code, and, after realizing that Simon is talking to Crandell and Pedranski, arrangements are made for a meeting at the Wrigley Building. The next morning, he meets a woman named Stacey Siebring  in a coffee shop and asks her to watch Simon for him while he goes to meet Crandell. Jeffries meets Crandell and they talk as they walk on a busy sidewalk. As Crandell tells Jeffries about the code and Kudrow, Burrell shoots him from behind and escapes from Jeffries following a chase. After the shooting, Jeffries goes back to the coffee shop, but Simon and Stacey are gone. He goes outside and spots them coming across the street. Stacey says she and Simon have become friends and Simon agrees. Jeffries and Simon then abruptly leave Stacey. Later in the middle of the night, Jeffries and Simon go to Stacey\'s place, asking for a place to stay. Stacey reluctantly agrees and tells Jeffries that she was going on a business trip to Des Moines to make the rent the next morning. Meanwhile, Pedranski turns to Jeffries for help, but shortly after he is murdered too by Burrell. However, he has managed to leave a letter detailing Kudrow\'s crimes, which his girlfriend, NSA analyst Emily Lang  takes to the FBI and Jordan discreetly arranges for her to meet with Jeffries to show them both the carbon paper used to type the letter, which, being covered in Pedranski\'s fingerprints is crucial evidence in its own right. After the meeting with Emily, Jeffries tells Stacey to call anybody for an emergency except the police, who were called off at the last minute, and gives her Jordan\'s number to contact if there was an emergency. While Jeffries introduces himself to Kudrow at his birthday party and demands that Kudrow leave Simon alone, Jordan under Jeffries\' suggestion arranges for Simon to go into Witness Protection. After the meeting, Jeffries contacts his friend and Jordan explains how the Witness Protection meeting is going to happen, though they are unaware that their conversation over the phone is being monitored by Kudrow. When Jeffries returns and finds Stacey and Simon gone, he learns from Jordan that they are fine and will meet them there, just as Jordan is given an order to head to the FBI director\'s office. Kudrow tries to have FBI SAC  Joe Lomax ([[Kevin Conway  help him stop Jeffries by using his authority and the fact that Jordan arranged the Witness Protection under false pretenses. He plans to have the NSA take over the protection for the meeting spot. After Kudrow leaves, Jordan shows the evidence to Lomax and despite his initial doubts, Jordan confirms that the fingerprint markings on it were Pedranski\'s, now fully validating the evidence against Kudrow. Jeffries, with Jordan and a small FBI task force\'s help, set a trap at the meeting spot. During the battle, Jordan protects Stacey, the FBI team take on Burrell, who gets killed when windows blow out and shards end up in his face, while Jeffries and Kudrow fight on the roof. Simon gives the FBI agent Kudrow\'s own gun, allowing him to take control as Jordan and the team come in. In a last-ditched effort to get Simon back, Kudrow grabs the screaming boy and is shot by Jeffries, then falls to his death. The film ends with Jeffries visiting Simon, now living with foster parents, at his school, who embraces Jeffries as a welcome friend, having finally accepted him as a person of his trust.'] ['Gielgud plays a British officer, a famous writer whose death is faked during World War I, and who is sent by the mysterious "R", head of British intelligence, to Switzerland on a secret mission. Carroll plays a female agent who poses as his wife. Lorre appears as a British agent working with them, a killer known variously as "the Hairless Mexican" and "the General". Typical Hitchcockian themes used here include mistaken identity and murder.'] ['As the U.S. Congress moves to pass new legislation that dramatically expands the surveillance powers of intelligence agencies, Congressman Phil Hammersley  remains firmly opposed to its passage. To ensure the bill\'s passage, National Security Agency official Thomas Reynolds  kills Hammersley, but he is unaware of a video camera set up by wildlife researcher Daniel Zavitz  that has captured the entire incident. Zavitz discovers the murder, and alerts an underground journalist, at the same time transferring the video to an innocuous computer disc. Reynolds learns of Zavitz\'s footage, and sends a team to recover the video. While fleeing, Zavitz runs into an old college friend, labor lawyer Robert Clayton Dean . Zavitz secretly passes the computer disc into Dean\'s shopping bag. Zavitz flees and is killed when hit by a car. Reynolds soon has the underground journalist killed. When the NSA discovers that Dean may have the video, a team raids his house and plants surveillance devices. Unable to find the video, the NSA proceeds to falsely incriminate Dean of passing classified information to Rachel Banks , a former girlfriend. The subterfuge destroys Dean\'s life: he is fired from his job, his bank accounts are frozen, and his wife  throws him out of the house. Dean, trailed by the NSA, meets with Banks, who offers to set up a meeting with "Brill", one of her secret contacts. After meeting an NSA agent posing as Brill , Dean realizes his error, only to have the real Brill, retired NSA agent Edward Lyle , ferry him to temporary safety, helping rid Dean of all the tracking devices he is unwittingly carrying. With Dean and Lyle in hiding, the NSA agents kill Banks and frame Dean for the murder. While Lyle is able to find evidence that the NSA executed the murder, it is destroyed during an escape from an NSA raid. It is then revealed that Lyle was an expert in communications for the NSA. He was stationed in Iran before the Iranian Revolution. When the revolution occurred, Lyle made it out of the country, but his partner, Rachel\'s father, was killed. Since then he has been in hiding. Lyle tries to coax Dean into trying to run away, but Dean is adamant about clearing his name. Dean and Lyle blackmail another supporter of the surveillance bill, Congressman Sam Albert  by videotaping him having an affair with his aide. Dean and Lyle "hide" bugs that Reynolds had used on Dean in Albert\'s room so Albert will find them and have the NSA start an investigation. Lyle also deposits $140,000 into Reynolds\' bank account to make it appear that he is taking bribes. Lyle contacts Reynolds to tell him that he has the video of the Hammersley murder and asks to meet. Dean tells them that the Hammersley murder footage is in the hands of Mafia boss Joey Pintero , whose office is under FBI surveillance. Dean, Reynolds, and the NSA team head into Pintero\'s restaurant, precipitating a gunfight that kills the mobsters, Reynolds, and several of his NSA team. Dean and Lyle escape, with Lyle quickly disappearing from the authorities. The FBI discovers the plot behind the legislation, causing it to fail, though they cover up the NSA\'s involvement. Dean is cleared of all charges and is reunited with his wife. Lyle escapes to a tropical location, but sends a "goodbye" message to Dean.'] ['Elijah Price  is born with Type I osteogenesis imperfecta, a rare disease in which bones break easily. Drawing on what he has read in comic books during his many hospital stays, Price theorizes that if he is frail at one extreme, then perhaps there is someone strong at the opposite extreme. Years later, security guard David Dunn  is also searching for meaning in his life. He gave up a promising football career to marry his love Audrey ([[Robin Wright  after they were involved in an auto accident. However, their marriage is dissolving, to the distress of their young son Joseph . Returning from a job interview in New York, David is the sole survivor of a horrific train wreck that killed 131 passengers, sustaining no injuries himself. He is contacted by the adult Elijah, who proposes to a disbelieving David that he is a real instance of the kind of person after whom comic-book superheroes are modeled. David tries to ignore him, but Elijah stalks him and his wife, trying to get his attention. To relieve his family from further distress, David finally agrees to hear Elijah out, and begins to test himself. While lifting weights with Joseph, they discover that his physical strength is far beyond what he previously thought and Joseph begins to idolize his father and believe he is a superhero. Joseph confronts some bullies at school thinking he might share his dad\'s abilities, but is injured instead. David tries to console his son by saying that Elijah is wrong and that he\'s just as normal as everyone else. This encourages Joseph to take David\'s loaded pistol and point it at him saying that if shot, his father would not die. David manages to talk him out of the deed, not by saying he would die, but by threatening to pack up and leave for New York. Under Elijah\'s influence, David develops his security guard hunches into extra-sensory perception, with which he can glimpse immoral acts committed by people he touches. David\'s faith in Elijah is shaken when he remembers an incident from his childhood in which he almost drowned. However, Elijah suggests that the incident highlights his one weakness, water. This leads David to go to the train yard that houses the remnants of the train that crashed. Upon seeing the wreckage, David has a flashback of the car accident he and Audrey were in, it is revealed not only that he was unharmed, but that he had ripped a door off the car in order to save Audrey, a memory he had long repressed. It transpires that David used the excuse of the accident to quit football, because Audrey had a hatred of the sport and David knew that the only way their relationship could ever flourish would be to get football out of the picture. At Elijah\'s suggestion, he walks through a crowd in a Philadelphia train station and senses crimes perpetrated by strangers who brush past him: a jewel thief, a racist hate crime perpetrator, and a rapist. The worst offender is a sadistic janitor holding a family hostage and torturing them inside their home. On a rainy night, David follows the janitor back to the victims\' house. After freeing the children, he is ambushed by the lurking janitor who throws him off a balcony into a pool below, where he nearly drowns but is rescued by the children. He grapples with the janitor, ultimately strangling him. That night, he is reconciled with Audrey and the following morning, secretly shows the newspaper article of his anonymous heroic act to his son. David attends an exhibition at Elijah\'s comic book art gallery and meets Elijah\'s mother . After talking with Elijah in the back room of his studio, David shakes his hand and discovers to his horror that Elijah had orchestrated many of the fatal disasters he had mentioned, causing hundreds of deaths, the last being David\'s train accident. Elijah insists the deaths were justified as a means to find David. He explains that his purpose in life is to be the archvillain to David\'s hero, even going so far as to suggest that his childhood moniker, "Mr. Glass," should have alerted him to the fact that he was always a villain.'] ['Homicide detective Sergeant Dave Bannion is an honest cop who investigates the death of fellow officer Tom Duncan. It would seem to be an open-and-shut case, suicide brought on by ill health. Bannion, however, is contacted by the late cop\'s mistress, Lucy Chapman, who claims it could not have been suicide. From her, Bannion learns that the Duncans had a second home which would not have been possible on his salary. Bannion visits Mrs. Duncan. He asks for particulars on the second home and she resents the implication. The next day Bannion gets a dressing-down by Lieutenant Ted Wilks, who is under pressure from "upstairs" to close the case. Chapman is found dead after being tortured and covered with cigarette burns. Bannion investigates even though it is not his case or his jurisdiction. After receiving threatening calls to his home, he confronts Mike Lagana, the local mob boss. It\'s an open secret that Lagana runs the city, even to the point that cops guard his house while his daughter hosts a party. Lagana is astounded by Bannion\'s accusations in his own home: "I\'ve seen some dummies in my time, but you\'re in a class by yourself." Bannion finds that people are too scared to stand up to the crime syndicate. When warnings to Bannion go unheeded, his car is blown up and his wife Katie is killed in the explosion. Feeling that the department will do little to bring the murderers to justice, Bannion resigns and sets off on a one-man crusade to get Lagana and his second-in-command Vince Stone. When Stone viciously "punishes" a girl in a nightclub &mdash; by burning her hand with a cigar butt &mdash; Bannion stands up to him by ordering Stone and a bodyguard out of the joint. This impresses Stone\'s girlfriend, Debby Marsh. She tries to get friendly with Bannion, who keeps pointing out that she gets her money from a thief. Marsh states: "I\'ve been rich and I\'ve been poor. Believe me, rich is better." As soon as Debby unwittingly reminds Bannion of his late wife, he sends her packing, to which she retorts: "Well, you\'re about as romantic as a pair of handcuffs." Debby was seen with Bannion. When she returns to Stone\'s penthouse, he accuses her of talking to Bannion about his activities and throws boiling coffee in her face. Debby is taken to hospital by none other than Police Commissioner Higgins, who was playing poker with Stone and his cronies at the flat. Higgins warns that he will have to file a report, but Stone reminds the commissioner that he is well-paid to deal with that sort of thing. With her face disfigured, Debby returns to Bannion, who agrees to put her up for a while. Bannion gets information about a man who planted the dynamite that killed his wife. Debby identifies him as Larry Gordon, one of Stone\'s associates. Bannion forces Gordon to admit to the bombing. The trouble began because Bertha Duncan, widow of the cop who committed suicide, has papers he collected that could expose Stone and Lagana. They were intended for the DA, but Mrs. Duncan kept them for herself and is collecting blackmail payments from Lagana. Told by Debby that killing for revenge would make him no better than those who murdered his wife, Bannion refrains from killing Gordon, instead spreading the word that he talked. Gordon is murdered by Stone\'s men. Bannion next confronts Mrs. Duncan, accusing her of betraying Chapman, causing her death and protecting Lagana and Stone "for the sake of a soft plush life." But cops sent by Lagana make him leave. Stone decides to kidnap Bannion\'s little daughter Joyce, who is staying with an aunt and uncle with a police guard nearby. When the guard suddenly leaves, the uncle calls in a few army buddies to take over. Satisfied that she is in good hands, Bannion sets off to deal with Stone. On the way he meets Lieutenant Wilks, who is now prepared to make a stand against the mob, admitting that, in spite of his own wife\'s pressure over what will happen to his pension, "It\'s the first time in years I\'ve breathed good clean air." Debby goes to see Mrs. Duncan. Noticing they are wearing the same expensive coats, she remarks that they are both "sisters under the mink" and have benefited from an association with gangsters. She then kills Mrs. Duncan, thus starting the process that will see Tom Duncan\'s evidence surface and bring about Stone\'s and Lagana\'s downfall. Stone returns to his penthouse. Debby throws boiling coffee at him, just as he had done to her. Stone shoots her, but after a short gun battle is captured by Bannion, who had followed him to the flat. As Debby lies dying, Bannion describes his late wife to her in terms of their relationship rather than the physical "police description" he gave earlier: "You and Katie would have gotten along fine," he tells her. Stone is arrested for murder. Duncan\'s evidence is made public and Lagana and Commissioner Higgins are indicted. Bannion returns to his job at Homicide.'] [' The film starts with a driver  and his passenger  driving very late at night, singing along to Creedence Clearwater Revival\'s cover of "Midnight Special" on a cassette, and the song ends when the tape breaks. The driver talks about a scary game he finds amusing: he switches off the car\'s headlights and drives in the dark. After the passenger admits he\'s uncomfortable, the driver laughs it off and keeps the lights on. With no tape or radio, the pair start a Name That Tune game with television theme songs such as Sea Hunt and Hawaii Five-O, and eventually the classic theme to The Twilight Zone. The conversation turns to what episodes of the series they found most scary, such as Burgess Meredith in "Time Enough at Last" and other classics. The passenger then asks the driver, "Do you want to see something really scary?" The driver obliges and reluctantly pulls over. The passenger turns his face away, then turns back around having transformed into a demon, and attacks the driver. The scene then cuts to outside the car as the familiar Twilight Zone opening theme music and monologue begin, spoken by narrator Burgess Meredith. {{quote}}  {{quote}} The film\'s only original segment was the first, directed by John Landis. It is loosely based on the original Twilight Zone episode "A Quality of Mercy", with the opening narration borrowing from "What You Need" and "A Nice Place to Visit". Bill Connor  is an outspoken bigot who is bitter after being passed over for a promotion. Drinking in a bar after work with his friends, Bill makes prejudiced remarks and racial slurs towards Jews, Blacks and Asians, attracting the attention of a group of black men sitting near them who strongly resent his racist comments. Bill leaves the bar very angry, but when he walks outside, the supernatural tone begins. He inexplicably proceeds to assume the racial ethnicities of people against whom he was always prejudiced. First, he finds himself in occupied France during World War II. He is spotted by a pair of SS officers patrolling the streets, who see him as a Jewish man. A chase ensues around the city, and Bill is shot in his arm by one of the German officers. Bill falls from the ledge of a building and abruptly finds himself in the rural South during the 1940s. There a group of Ku Klux Klansmen  sees him as an African American whom they are about to whip and lynch. Bill is scared and confused; he vehemently tells them he is white. While trying to escape the Klansmen, he suddenly finds himself in a jungle during the Vietnam War, as a Vietnamese man is blown to bits by U.S. soldiers. Instead of killing him, the grenade thrown by the soldiers blasts Bill into occupied France again. There he is captured by Nazi soldiers and put into an enclosed railroad freight car, along with other Jewish Holocaust prisoners. With no apparent possibility of redemption or rescue, Bill sees and uselessly screams for help to his friends from the bar, who have come out to the parking lot and cannot hear his cries, nor see him or the train as it pulls away to a death camp, thus leaving them to wonder about his whereabouts and the viewer to wonder of his fate.  {{quote}} The second segment was directed by Steven Spielberg and is a remake of the episode "Kick the Can." An old man named Mr. Bloom  has just moved into Sunnyvale Retirement Home. Upon his arrival, he sits around kindly and smiles as he listens to the other elders reminisce about the joys they experienced in their youth. Mr. Bloom implies to them just because they are old does not mean they cannot enjoy life anymore, and that feeling young and active has to do with your attitude, not your age. He tells them that later that night, he will wake them and that they can join him in a game of kick the can. All agree; however, Leo Conroy  disagrees, saying that now that they are all old they cannot engage in physical activity and play the games they once did as children. That night, Mr. Bloom gathers the rest of the optimistic residents outside and plays the game, during which they are transformed into childhood versions of themselves. Although they are extremely ecstatic to be young again and engage in the activities they once enjoyed so long ago, they also realize that being young again means you not only experience the good aspects of life again but also the bad. They request to be old again, which Mr. Bloom grants to them. Leo Conroy witnesses one resident, Mr. Agee  that still remains young, and says that he wants to go with him before the boy runs off. Conroy realizes that he does not have to stop enjoying life because of his old age. The segment ends with Mr. Bloom leaving to another retirement home, and Conroy outside happily kicking a can around the yard, having learned being young at heart is what really matters.  {{quote}} The third segment, a remake of the episode "It\'s a Good Life," was directed by Joe Dante. Its opening narration is borrowed, in part, from "Night Call." Mild-mannered Helen Foley , traveling to a new job, visits a rural bar for directions. While talking to the owner , she witnesses Anthony, a young boy  playing an arcade game, who is being blamed by a pair of locals  for "accidentally" causing interference on the TV by slapping the side of the game machine. When one of the men pushes Anthony away from the game and pulls the plug, Helen comes to the boy\'s defense, but Anthony runs out of the restaurant. As Helen leaves, she backs into the boy with her car in the parking lot, damaging his bicycle. Helen offers Anthony a ride home. They eventually arrive at Anthony\'s house, which is an immense home in the country. When Helen arrives, she meets Anthony\'s family: Uncle Walt ([[Kevin McCarthy ; sister Ethel ; and Anthony and Ethel\'s mother (Patricia Barry, who starred in "I Dream of Genie" and "[[The Chaser  and father . Anthony\'s family seems overly welcoming, but Helen at first dismisses this. Anthony starts to show Helen around the house ; there is a television set in every room showing cartoons. She loses Anthony and comes to the room of another sister, Sara . Helen calls out to the girl, who is in a wheelchair and watching a television displaying cartoons, and gets no response. Anthony appears and explains that Sara had been in an accident; Helen isn\'t able to see that the girl has no mouth. After the tour, Anthony announces that it is time for dinner, which consists of Anthony\'s favorite foods: including ice cream, candy apples, and hamburgers topped with peanut butter. Confused at first at how the family eats, Helen thinks that this is a birthday dinner for Anthony. Ethel complains at the prospect of another birthday; Anthony glares at her, and her plate flies out of her hands onto the ground. Helen hurredly attempts to leave, but Anthony urges Helen to stay and see Uncle Walt\'s "hat trick". Helen is stunned to see that a top hat has suddenly appeared on top of the television set. Uncle Walt is very nervous about what could be in the hat, but he pulls an ordinary rabbit out of it. The family members are relieved, but Anthony insists on more, and a large, cartoonish rabbit springs from the hat. Helen screams, and Anthony orders it to go away. As she attempts to flee, she falls and spills the contents of her purse, and Anthony finds a note slipped in from one of the Fremonts stating "Help us! Anthony is a monster!" When the family points the finger at Ethel, Anthony wills her into the television set; there she is eaten by a large, dragon-like cartoon character. Helen attempts to escape only to have the door open up to a human eye. She closes it quickly only to see Anthony at the top of the stairs pleading her to stay. She then is led back into the room to see Anthony have a demonic cartoon that continuously contorted into various grotesque. After Helen demands the creature to disappear, in a fit of irritation, Anthony makes the entire house disappear instantly, and his family with it, leaving himself and Helen literally nowhere. Anthony explains that, since they were not happy living with him anymore, he sent them all back where they came from, including both his sisters. Now, at last, Anthony realizes the horrific loneliness that comes with being omnipotent. For once, he expresses the tremendous insecurity and pain that seethes within him instead of burying it. Helen offers to be his teacher and the two ride in her car as the nowhere landscape changes to a sunny field. Helen asks to be Anthony\'s teacher, and also his student; together, she says, they can find uses for his power that even he never dreamed of. Having been confronted with the true end results of his reign of terror, Anthony welcomes Helen\'s offer and makes her car reappear. Both ride off toward her new home and job, surrounded by bright meadows filled with flowers.  {{quote}} The fourth segment is a remake of the episode "Nightmare at 20,000 Feet", directed by George Miller. Nervous airline passenger Mr. John Valentine  is in an airplane lavatory as he tries to recover from what seems to be a panic attack. The flight attendants attempt to coax Mr. Valentine from the lavatory, and they repeatedly assure him that everything is going to be all right, but his nerves and antics disturb the surrounding passengers. As Mr. Valentine takes his seat, he notices a hideous gremlin on the wing of the plane and begins to spiral into another severe panic. He watches as the creature wreaks havoc on the wing, damaging the plane\'s engine, losing more control each time he sees it do something new. Valentine finally snaps, grabs a hand gun from another passenger, an air marshal, shoots out the window , and begins firing at the creature. This only serves to catch the attention of the gremlin, who rushes up to Valentine and promptly destroys the gun. After a tense moment, in which they notice that the plane is landing, the gremlin grabs Valentine\'s face, then simply scolds him by wagging its finger in his face. The creature leaps into the sky as the airplane begins its emergency landing. On the ground, as a straitjacketed Valentine is carried off in an ambulance, the police, crew and passengers begin to discuss the incident, writing off Valentine as insane. However, the aircraft maintenance crew soon arrives, and everyone gathers to examine the unexplained damage to the plane\'s engines, complete with claw marks.  The fourth segment ends with a scene reminiscent of the prologue. Valentine is in an ambulance when the driver  starts playing Creedence Clearwater Revival\'s "Midnight Special". The driver turns and says, "Heard you had a big scare up there, huh? Wanna see something really scary?" The scene fades out to a starry night sky accompanied by Rod Serling\'s opening monologue from the first season of The Twilight Zone: {{quote}}'] ['A mild-mannered biology teacher  and a perky U.S Army hazmat specialist  have to figure out how to stop an unstoppable creature who feeds on light and energy, and moves with exponential speed, before it destroys everything in its path.'] ["Josie Potenza is the trophy wife of workaholic Hollywood producer Tony Potenza, but their marriage is crumbling due to his increased drinking resulting from stress at work. She convinces him to join her for a romantic getaway at a secluded lakeside cabin, but when it becomes obvious his concerns about the studio are going to take precedence over relaxation, she grudgingly tells him to return home but decides to stay on her own for a few days. Josie sees Cole Wilson ogling her at a local bar and, uncomfortable with the unwanted attention, she leaves. Her jeep breaks down on a dark, secluded country road, and as she starts to hike to the cabin, Cole pulls up in his truck and offers her a lift. He convinces her he is harmless, and when he extends an invitation to dinner the following night, Josie accepts. As they linger over drinks after dinner, Josie discusses her unhappy marriage. Although there are problems, and she sometimes fantasizes about her husband's death, she is grateful to Tony for all he has given her and still has hopes for their future. Cole becomes aggressive and she resists his advances. During the drive back to the cabin, he turns off his headlights and begins to drive erratically, and Josie becomes hysterical. When he tries to force himself on her, Josie fires a gun she found in a kitchen drawer and grazes his face with the bullet. Vowing revenge, Cole leaves. With the passing of time, Tony stops drinking and he and Josie successfully work at repairing their damaged marriage. On the way home one rainy night, he stops at an ATM, and Cole conceals himself in the back seat of his car. He forces him to drive to a secluded park and shoots him numerous times, then goes to Josie's home and reveals he has killed her husband. He warns her if she reports him to the police he will tell them she hired him to murder Tony, and demands $30,000 for his silence. When the police question Josie she says nothing about Cole's involvement, but her story - or lack of one - makes detective Dan Fredricks suspicious, and his African American partner Ron Lewis accuses him of suspecting Josie simply because she is black and her husband was white. Josie tells her lover, struggling restaurateur Jake Golden, she knows the identity of Tony's killer, but he warns her not to reveal anything. He has an ulterior motive - Jake, desperate for money to finance his failing business when his partner - Tony - bailed out, had hired Cole to kill Tony so Josie would be free to marry him and he could benefit from her wealth. Complications arise when attorney Bill Adolphe tells Josie all her husband's assets were in his name and he died intestate. All his accounts have been frozen and Josie will have to wait an undetermined amount of time for the court to supervise probate. While Jake's ex-wife Nora tries to convince the police he may have killed Tony, Josie becomes the target of the increasingly deranged Cole. After killing Jake, he traps her in her garage and Josie kills him in the ensuing skirmish. Josie pleads self defense, and when Nora tells them she doesn't believe Josie is clever enough to have masterminded any of the events that have transpired, the police let her go, unaware the two women are partners in crime."] ["A bored motel clerk and his buddies go for a little joyride in a woman's car. They don't realize until it is too late that she is a paid assassin only known as Ms. Smith  whose latest victim is in the trunk. Thus begins the clerk's descent into a shadowy world of lies and murder."] ["A beautiful teenage babysitter  is charged with the care of a preteen boy, a little girl, and a baby. She becomes the basis for fantasies of the boy, her boyfriend, Jack, his questionable friend, and the father of the children she is babysitting. Meanwhile, the children's mother, at a party thinks Jack's friend's father wants to have an affair with her, and she fantasizes about it."] ["Four robbers hold up an armored truck, getting away with over a million dollars in cash. Joe Rolfe , a down-on-his-luck flower delivery truck driver is accused of being involved and is roughly interrogated by local police. Released due to lack of evidence, Joe, following the clues to a Mexican resort, decides to look for the men who set him up both to clear his name and to exact revenge. What he doesn’t know is that the heist involves a retired policeman who is also intent on revenge. The plot was inspiration for Tarantino's Reservoir Dogs.{{cite book}}"] ["Adrienne Saunders  is happily married to her art dealer husband, Jack . They have a daughter named Mary. Adrienne hears from a friend that she thought she saw Jack in town when he claimed to be on an out of town business trip. Adrienne confronts him, but he denies being in town, and their lives continue. Soon after a museum curator is mysteriously murdered, and a relic that Jack bought for the museum is revealed to be a fake. Jack is placed under suspicion, and then Adrienne receives word from the police that Jack perished in a car accident. In trying to wrap up Jack's affairs, Adrienne begins to suspect that her husband had switched identities with a high school classmate, Frank Sullivan. When she sees a high school yearbook picture of her husband attributed to Sullivan, she is convinced. She tracks down a relative of Saunders, who confirms that Frank and Jack were inseparable in high school. After Jack died, the relative never saw Frank again. She explained that Frank's father was an alcoholic and that his mother worked as a toll booth operator. She directs Adrienne to Frank's mother, who lives in a rundown apartment in Brooklyn. Frank's mother bitterly receives the news that she has a granddaughter, telling Adrienne that Frank was always selfish and that he never looked in on her. A stalker lurks at Adrienne's loft. He comes in to Adrienne's bed while she is asleep and caresses her. He watches Mary, who is spooked by the man in her room at night. One day, as the housekeeper is finishing up her chores and leaving, she surprises the stalker who attacks her, leaving her almost dead in the bathroom and ransacking the apartment. At work, Adrienne gets an urgent message from Mrs. Sullivan, and she rushes out to her apartment. When she gets there, the door is open, and Mrs. Sullivan is nowhere to be found. As Adrienne looks for her in the apartment, Jack appears. Adrienne slaps him and rages at his cruelty. Jack calms her down and tries to explain. He says that when Jack died, he was completely distraught and that he just sort of fell into his identity during the mourning process. He reveals that a man named Dan Sherman had discovered Jack's false identity and blackmailed him. Jack faked his death in order to escape, knowing that he would have to give up his life with Adrienne and Mary. He tells her that Sherman is insistent on having an Egyptian necklace which is in their apartment, and he asks Adrienne to look for it. As she leaves the apartment, Jack watches her from the window. Behind him, the body of his dead mother lies on the bed with a plastic bag over her head. During her search for the necklace, Adrienne discovers a Parks Department photo ID. It bears her husband's picture and the name Dan Sherman. She tracks down an address and pays a surprise visit to the house. A pregnant Mrs. Sherman is on the phone and lets her in, thinking she is with the moving company. Adrienne looks around the house and sees wedding pictures of her husband with Mrs. Sherman. In a photo album, she sees a picture of Mary and confronts Mrs. Sherman about it. Mrs. Sherman says that it is a picture of her husband's dead sister, demanding to know who Adrienne is. The person on the phone is Jack/Dan, who asks her to give the phone to Adrienne. He congratulates Adrienne on tracking down his new life, and he reveals that he has kidnapped Mary with no intent to harm her. Mary explained that she had traded the necklace with another girl, and Jack instructs Adrienne to retrieve it and meet him at 9:00 p.m. at their loft to exchange Mary for the necklace. At the loft, Adrienne asks to see Mary, and Jack explains that she is downstairs playing in the car. When Adrienne tries to go see her, Jack pins her against a wall and demands the necklace first. Adrienne stabs him and tries to flee. After a long chase throughout the construction in the rest of the building, Adrienne lures Jack into an elevator shaft, where he falls to his death."] ["They met only once, but back in 1972 David and Peter had left lasting impressions on one another, for one of them was stabbed continually with a fountain pen, leaving him with everlasting bodily scars. As for the other, his savage attack on his childhood opponent after his public humiliation and defeat was a catalyst that ended his parent's marriage, as his father left forever; his offspring discovered his mother dying, having been slashed with a broken bottle. This boy spent the next twenty years in and out of asylums and foster care. Now it seems he's become one of the youngest, most successful chess grandmasters in history. Brilliant if troubled widower with a precious daughter, he suddenly finds himself a suspect in his casual lover's murder. When more homicides occur Capt. Frank Sedman and his partner Det. Andy Wagner discover that a serial killer is at work on the New England island. With our chessmaster becoming more and more connected to the deaths, shrink Kathy Sheppard is brought in to figure out if this chess prodigy is as innocent as he claims to be."] ['Arriving in a new city, writer Nick Eliot  secures a job at Pique magazine and lodgings in a guest house belonging to Cliff and Liv Forrester . The handsome Nick soon makes the acquaintance of the Forrester\'s 14-year-old daughter Adrian  , a precocious gifted girl who has borderline personality disorder[3] and develops an intense attraction to him. She secretly helps Nick by sneaking into his room and rewriting one of his Pique stories, which subsequently wins a rave from his editor/boss Michael . At a party thrown by the Forresters, Nick agrees to accompany the lonely girl on a nighttime drive to a romantic spot, where she kisses him. This intensifies Adrian\'s crush on Nick, but he quickly wises up and attempts to put her off, having begun a budding romance with co-worker Amy . Adrian continues to boldly pursue him, even going so far as to undress in his view. Nick, however, continues to rebuff her advances, and Adrian\'s actions become destructive—she defaces a car he\'s restored and erases his computer discs—yet he\'s unable to convince Cliff and Liv of what\'s going on. Cheyenne , a friend of Adrian who tries to warn Nick about her, meets with an "accident" at the riding school they attend together. Then, after Adrian spies on Amy in bed with Nick, the girl locks Amy in her darkroom and empties a wasps\' nest into the vents. Amy survives, and Nick, now convinced that Adrian is big trouble, attempts to find new lodgings. However, Adrian manages to sabotage his efforts. She then accuses him of sexually assaulting her with "evidence" obtained from a used condom from Nick\'s trash, leading to his arrest. After Michael bails him out , Nick is met once again by Cheyenne. She informs Nick that she knows he did not do anything to Adrian, and that Adrian had behaved like this before to a previous crush, a camp counselor named Rick who "accidentally," died by eating something poisonious. Cheyenne also informs Nick of a diary Adrian kept that can acquit him. When Cheyenne leaves, Nick goes looking for her when he hears strange noises from the Forresters\' house. He discovers Cheyenne tied up in the attic and is confronted by Adrian and then Cliff, who attacks him. Adrian, still infatuated, attacks her father, leaving Nick free to subdue her with one punch. Acquitted, Nick goes to live with Amy while Adrian, confined to a psychiatric ward, wishes to express her remorse for what she has done to Nick. Her doctor comments that she is making good progress, but seems to be yet unaware she is developing a crush on him.'] ['The plot concerns Taffin and his methods of executing justice, in order to save a local park in the town of Ballymoran. An Irish tough-guy debt collector is asked by his local community to help rid the town of developers bent on building a chemical plant on the outskirts of town. The developers are ruthless and have sent their heavies into town to keep the locals quiet.'] ['The film opens as Grady Edwards  transforms himself in a bathroom. He shaves off his beard, dyes his hair, and takes out his brown contact lenses. He goes downstairs with his luggage and fixes himself peanut butter toast and coffee. As he leaves the house, the camera reveals the bodies of his wife and her three children. Susan Harding  is shopping in a grocery store with her youngest children when she meets Grady, who introduces himself as David Harris, a man who lost his wife and daughter in a car accident. He charms her, and six months later, they are engaged to be married. Susan\'s eldest son, Michael  returns home from military school and is wary of the situation. David invites him down to the basement, where he has installed locked cabinets, and tries to befriend Michael over tequila shots. Michael\'s suspicions start when David uses the wrong name when mentioning his deceased daughter. After Susan says that an elderly neighbor warned her that America\'s Most Wanted ran a profile on a serial killer that looked like David, David sneaks into the woman\'s house and throws her down her basement stairs. Susan\'s ex-husband Jay confronts David angrily about laying hands on his younger son, Sean, after David grabbed the boy roughly for failing to turn down the volume on his video game. He warns Susan that she knows nothing about David. Doubts about David mount further when he quits his job working as a real estate agent for Susan\'s sister, Jackie  to avoid giving a photo ID and other identifiers. Later, Jay confronts David about an apparent lie about his college history. David clubs him with a vase and suffocates him with a plastic bag. He then sends Michael a text with Jay\'s phone saying that David checked out okay. When the neighbor woman\'s body is discovered two weeks later, David tells the family. Michael is alarmed because he overheard David being told by the postman, who gave less detail than David. While Michael\'s girlfriend, Kelly , tries to get him to focus on college applications, he grows more obsessed with the contradictions in David\'s stories. Kelly tries to grab his attention by saying she is having sex with another guy. Michael, who is obsessed with David\'s stories, doesn\'t pay attention, and Kelly leaves. The situation comes to a head when David, intercepts an email from Jackie about hiring an investigator. He goes to Jackie\'s house and drowns her in her pool. Determined to discover what was in the locked cabinets, Michael breaks into the basement as Kelly keeps a lookout. In the basement, Michael eventually discovers his dad\'s body in the freezer. David knocks out Kelly and traps Michael in the basement. The commotion awakens Susan, and he berates her parenting skills and shouts that he thought she could be "Mrs. Grady Edwards". On Susan\'s stunned reaction, David grimaces and asks, "Who am I here?" Susan tries to flee to the bathroom. David, trying to break in, kicks the door and shatters the mirror behind it. Susan picks up a sharp piece of glass and hides it behind her. When David breaks in, Susan stabs the glass piece into David\'s neck, supposedly killing him. Michael escapes from the basement and finds Kelly. They find Susan in the hallway across from the bathroom, thinking David is dead. Then, David approaches from behind and blocks the stairs, chases all of them into the attic where he and Michael fight, eventually falling onto the roof and then falling off the edge of the roof to the ground, where they both lie unconscious. When Michael wakes up, he finds out he had been in a coma for just over a month. He then learns that David is still alive. He fled the scene before the police arrived. The end scene shows David, who has again changed his name to Chris Ames. He is working at a hardware store when he meets a woman  who was shopping with her two sons.'] ["The story begins as Frank Morris  arrives at the maximum security prison Alcatraz, having been sent there after escaping from several other prisons. He is sent in to meet the warden , who curtly informs him that no one has ever escaped from Alcatraz. Eventually he meets his old friends, brothers John and Clarence Anglin , and he makes the acquaintance of the prisoner in the cell next to his, Charlie Butts . Morris befriends numerous other inmates, including English , a black inmate serving two life sentences for killing two white men in self-defense; the eccentric Litmus , and the elderly artist and chrysanthemum grower Doc . Morris also makes an enemy of the rapist Wolf , whom Morris beats in the shower room after Wolf attempts to come onto him. Still seething from this encounter, Wolf attacks Morris in the yard and both men spend time in the hole. When the warden discovers that Doc has painted a portrait of him, as well as other policemen on the island itself, he permanently removes Doc's painting privileges; in response, a depressed Doc cuts his fingers off with a hatchet from the prison workshop and is led away. Later, the warden finds one of Doc's chrysanthemums and crushes it in front of the inmates; an angry Litmus leaps at the warden and suffers a fatal heart attack. The warden coldly reminds Morris that some men are destined never to leave Alcatraz, alive. Morris notices that the concrete around the grille in his cell is weak and can be chipped way, which evolves into an escape plan. Over the next few months Morris, Butts and the Anglins dig through the walls of their cells with spoons , make papier-mâché dummies to act as decoys, and construct a raft out of raincoats. On the night of their escape, Butts loses his nerve and does not go with the others. Morris and the Anglin brothers make it out of the prison and are last seen paddling their raft into the night. When their escape is discovered the following morning, a massive manhunt ensues. The warden is adamant that the men drowned, despite no bodies being found. He finds a chrysanthemum on the shore of Angel Island and throws it into the bay after being told that they do not grow there."] [" In 1925 Damascus, the natives are engaged in a guerrilla war against the French rule of Syria. Harry Smith  is an amoral American black marketeer secretly selling them weapons. As the situation deteriorates, French General LaSalle  orders that civilians be executed each time his soldiers are killed, but his head of military intelligence, Colonel Feroud , persuades him to rescind the plan. Feroud presses for negotiations with rebel leader Emir Hassan  instead. LaSalle reluctantly lets him try to arrange a meeting, but refuses to let Feroud make contact directly. The young officer sent in his place is later found with his throat cut. To complicate matters, Harry makes a pass at Feroud's unhappy mistress, Violetta , but she rejects him. Later, she informs Feroud she wants to leave him, but he refuses to let her go. By applying pressure to Balukjian , one of Harry's friendly rivals, Feroud finds out about Harry's gun running. Harry is tipped off, just as Violetta shows up and begs him to take her back to Cairo. Needing to flee himself, he agrees to take her along. However, a French patrol nearly captures Harry. He barely gets away, but has to leave behind his money, and without that, he is soon betrayed to the French. Facing execution, Harry agrees to help Feroud meet with Hassan. Hassan calls the colonel a fool and dismisses his plea for negotiations, but decides to spare his life when Harry and Feroud's aide Major Leon  show up offering a 10,000 pound ransom. The officers are allowed to leave; Harry is not so lucky. The rebels are angered that he has revealed the location of their headquarters to the French and fear he has sold them out, so they kill him. As Feroud and Leon walk back, they notice that the incessant gunfire and explosions have stopped. Feroud wonders aloud if he has convinced Hassan to be as big a fool."] ["After down and out Las Vegas cab driver Jerry Logan  picks up a fare who is then murdered in a high speed chase, he discovers a million dollars left behind in his cab, and decides to run with it. Soon, the mob's most relentless hired gun, David Eckhart  is enlisted to retrieve the money and terminate Jerry. What follows is a deadly game of cat and mouse that can only end with one man left standing."] ['The film tells the tale of a man called George Taylor , who returns home to the US from fighting in World War II. He is suffering from amnesia, and tries to track down his old identity, following a trail left behind by the mysterious Mr Larry Cravat. He ends up stumbling into a murder mystery involving Nazi loot. The complicated storyline is typical of film noir.'] ["Virendra is a business tycoon in Cape Town, South Africa. His sister Rajeshwari, his wife Suman & his mother are his only relatives. Virendra's marital life is in apparent discord, since he has never had any relations with Suman. One day, Virendra gets a rival in business world in form of Mahendra Pratap Singh. Mahendra is an Indian spice tycoon wanting to expand his business in South Africa. Virendra is initially wary of Mahendra's expansion plans, but sees the latter's entry as a tool to expand his own business. Unknown to Virendra, Mahendra is actually a well disguised man named Om Srivastav. Om has a bigger agenda than becoming a tycoon. Mahendra & Virendra strike a deal, upon which Virendra is invited to a house in forest for celebration. Once there, Mahendra reveals his true face to Virendra, who is revealed to know Om. Om kills Virendra and covers up his death. Later, he shows up at Virendra's funeral, claiming that he and Virendra met in India, where they became friends. Rajeshwari starts suspecting him from day one and finds his timing suspicious. Suman too is particularly unhappy on seeing Om. Suman reveals to her mother-in-law that she knows Om. She confesses that she & Om were in love with each other, but her father got her married to Virendra, the son of her father's old friend. Suman tells that she had told Virendra about the relationship, on which he told her to go with Om. Instead, she stayed with Virendra, being overwhelmed by his compassion. However, Virendra now thought that Suman is a gold-digger, which explains his attitude towards her. Meanwhile, a cat and mouse game starts between Om and Rajeshwari, in which she nearly exposes him. Om is able to save his skin once again, but Rajeshwari gets a feeling that Om is hurt by something. Rajeshwari thinks that Om may not be a killer & she has inadvertently hurt the wrong man. She goes to apologize, but finds many pictures of her at his apartment. Rajeshwari thinks that Om was hurt because he was secretly in love with her. Rajeshwari asks for apology & Om plays along. Suman becomes both jealous & uneasy of this new relationship. She and Rajeshwari finally get into a fight, where she almost slaps Rajeshwari. Rajeshwari leaves her home in a huff and tells everything to Om, who shocks her by slapping her. An angered Om goes on to tell her everything, finally confessing his sin. Before Rajeshwari can do anything, he throws her in a dry well & escapes in his car. Here, Suman tries to find Rajeshwari at Om's place. Om feigns ignorance and the duo start to search for her, with Om deliberately misleading Suman. Here, Rajeshwari is in the bottom of the well, but not dead. She screams for help, until Zafrani comes to that place. He rescues her and she darts back to locate Om. When she finally fins Om with Suman, she is fully convinced that her brother's murder was a murder pre-meditated by Om & Suman. Seeing his plans failing, Om overpowers the duo & ties them by ropes. He confesses the crime before Suman, making Rajeshwari realize that Suman is in fact innocent. Then Om reveals his motive. It is revealed that after learning about Om from Suman, Virendra had secretly came with his goons, assaulted Om, killed his father & raped his sisters, forcing tham to commit suicide. Om readies himself to mow Rajeshwari and Suman down, but Zafrani arrives there with a police team. The women are rescued, but Om drives his car into the valley making them realize that Om was going to commit suicide to avoid police, now that his work was done. The women return home distraught."] ['The film tells the story of the seven-year hunt by forensic specialist Viktor Burakov for the person who mutilated and murdered over 50 children and young women. Burakov is aided, covertly at first, by his commanding officer, Col. Mikhail Fetisov and later by Dr. Alexandr Bukhanovsky, a psychiatrist. As well as being in the form of a crime thriller, the movie depicts Soviet propaganda and bureaucracy contributing to the failure to capture the killer; his crimes were not widely reported for fear of revealing that such things ever occurred in the USSR.'] ["Widowed David  and his daughter Emily , with whom he shares a troubled relationship, move after Emily's mother, Allison , commits suicide. David meets local woman Elizabeth  and her niece, Amy, who is roughly the same age as Emily. Hoping to cultivate a new friendship for Emily, David sets up a play-date for her. The play-date is spoiled however when Emily cuts up the face of Amy's doll. Despite the unsuccessful play-date, David and Elizabeth hit it off, though Emily acts hostile towards her as well. When a family friend, Katherine , comes to visit David and Emily, Emily reveals Charlie, her imaginary friend. Elizabeth later visits, hoping to make peace with Emily. When Emily tells her that she is playing hide-and-seek with Charlie, Elizabeth indulges her by pretending to look for him. However, someone pushes Elizabeth out the window to her death. When David asks Emily who did it, she replies that Charlie did. David, armed with a knife, goes outside, where he meets his neighbor. He assumes his neighbor is Charlie and cuts him with the knife, after which the suspicious neighbor calls the police. Back in the house, David finds that, although he had seemingly been in his study many times, the boxes were actually never unpacked. David realizes that he has split personality and that Charlie is not imaginary at all: Charlie is David himself. Whenever it appeared David was in his study, Charlie was actually in control. David also realizes that under his Charlie personality, he killed his wife and made it appear to be a suicide. He also fully recalls the events of the party the night before his wife's death, where he had caught his wife cheating on him, which triggered David's personality disorder. David realizes that he is helpless and lets Charlie take over his body. As Charlie, he murders the local sheriff, and Emily calls Katherine for help. Katherine arrives and is attacked by Charlie. Emily manages to escape the house and run into the cave where she originally met Charlie. Katherine takes the gun from the dead sheriff and follows Charlie to the cave. Charlie pretends to be David and attacks Katherine. As he threatens Emily, Katherine shoots him just in time, finally killing him. Sometime later, Emily is preparing for school in her new life with Katherine. However, Emily's drawing of herself with Katherine has two heads, suggesting that she now also suffers from split personality."] ["In 1970s New York City, David Marks , the son of a powerful real estate tycoon, marries a beautiful working-class student, Katie McCarthy . Together they flee the city for country life in Vermont &mdash; only to be lured back by David's father. Upon their return, Katie goes back to college and eventually applies to medical school while trying to understand David's mood swings and unwillingness to have children. As she becomes increasingly independent, David mysteriously turns more violent and controlling. Family secrets are slowly revealed and then Katie disappears without a trace. Years later, when David's best friend turns up dead, the 20-year-old case is re-opened, with David as the main suspect, and the Marks family’s dark secrets pave the way to a disturbing truth."] ['Cornelia Van Gorder  is a mystery author who lives in a town terrorized by a mysterious murderer known only as "The Bat". The Bat is said to be a man with no face who murders women at night by ripping out their throats with steel claws. Early in the film, The Bat enters Van Gorder\'s house and releases a bat, which bites van Gorder\'s maid Lizzy . With Lizzy in a panic, fearing she may now have contracted "the rabies", an outbreak of which local papers have reported. Van Gorder calls her doctor, Dr Malcolm Wells , who is conducting research on bats. Meanwhile, the whole town is searching for a million-dollar stash of looted bank securities that were recently stolen. Dr. Wells discovers the location of the treasure when the thief confides in him. Wells then murders the thief in cold blood, presumably so that he can take the treasure for himself, which he believes to be hidden in van Gorder\'s house. A series of break-ins and murders by The Bat brings the local chief of detectives, Andy Anderson ([[Gavin Gordon  to the Van Gorder house. The Bat then murders two people in the Van Gorder house, Mark Fleming  and Judy Hollander . Anderson attempts to determine the identity of The Bat, suspecting both Wells and Van Gorder\'s new butler, Warner ([[John Sutton . Wells is removed from suspicion, however, when he is murdered by The Bat in his lab. Miss Van Gorder cleverly manages to capture The Bat inside the secret room in her house. The Bat shoots a detective named Davenport ([[Robert Williams , he is then shot by Warner. Warner unmasks The Bat and he is revealed to be Lieutenant Anderson.'] ['{{plot}} A man  enters the Dallas, Texas FBI office one rainy night, and introduces himself as Fenton Meiks. He wants to speak to Agent Wesley Doyle  about his belief that his brother Adam  is the notorious "God\'s Hand" serial killer. Fenton explains that he is only coming forward at this time because earlier that day, Adam had called him to say that he cannot stop the "demons" because there are too many of them. Fenton claims to have stolen and buried Adam\'s body at the Thurman Rose Garden. Doyle is skeptical, and Fenton unfolds through flashback the story of their childhood with their widower father . One night many years ago, their father tells them that they have been tasked by God to root out and destroy demons whose names were to be provided for him by an angel. To assist him in his "crusade", he has been provided with special tools: gloves to protect his hands from "revealing" the supposed demons\' crimes until "justice" was to be administered, a lead pipe to knock the "demons" unconscious and an axe named \'Otis\' to "destroy" them. Fenton goes into denial, refusing to believe their father would actually murder people, but Adam quickly believes their father to be doing God\'s work. Their father also tells them that God will protect them from being caught by the authorities. Their father captures his first victim, a woman named Cynthia Harbridge . When he touches her, he claims to "see" the sins she has committed, and feels no guilt when he uses Otis to "destroy" her. Both Fenton and Adam are forced to witness this act; Fenton is horrified, but Adam claims he can "see" the woman\'s sins as well. They bury her outdoors in the Thurman Rose Garden, which is adjacent to the Meiks house. Fenton tries to explain to Adam that their father has gone insane, but Adam genuinely believes that they are on a righteous crusade, leading Fenton to conclude that his brother has been brainwashed. Their father soon kidnaps a second victim, a man he claims to be a child murderer, and enlists Fenton\'s help in the kidnapping. After their father kidnaps a third victim and orders Fenton to "destroy" the man, Fenton flees in horror and informs the town sheriff  of the crime, but after he brings Fenton back to the Meiks home, Fenton\'s father kills the sheriff with the axe. Fenton\'s father is aghast, believing the act to be "murder" unlike the first two killings, and blames Fenton for forcing him to commit the crime. The father confesses that the angel told him that Fenton is also a demon who must be slain, which his father refuses to believe. Fenton begs for mercy, and his father locks him in the cellar. Fenton is confined to the cellar for over a week, nearly starving to death, until he has a "vision of God" and says he understands what he must do. Overjoyed, his father releases him from the makeshift prison. Fenton, Adam and their father track down and capture another supposed demon. This time, Fenton is given Otis to decapitate the man, but he instead kills his own father by driving the axe into his heart. As Fenton moves to release the captured man, Adam grabs the axe and slays the "demon", as Adam apparently wants to continue the "crusade". Agent Doyle is convinced that Fenton\'s story has weight, and drives him to the Thurman Rose Garden, where Adam would surely have buried his victims. Once they arrive, it is revealed that the man who has been calling himself "Fenton" is actually Adam. However, the "God\'s Hand" killer is the real Fenton, who kept the bodies of his victims as trophies in his basement. Fenton used the "God\'s Hand" nickname to lure Adam out of the shadows, knowing that his brother would have to kill him one day in order to fulfill the task their father could not complete. Fenton has been buried in the Rose Garden, along with the several "demons" Adam "destroyed" over the years. It is also revealed that all of the "demons" killed by their father were in fact murderers, and when their father touched them, he actually had visions of their crimes. Adam also explains that he lured Doyle to the Rose Garden because Doyle was on "God\'s list". When Adam touches Doyle\'s hand, he has a vision of Doyle killing his own mother in cold blood. Adam picks up Otis from the undergrowth and kills Doyle before burying him in the Rose Garden. A day after Doyle\'s disappearance, agents at the bureau frantically try to find the "Fenton Meiks", the man with whom Doyle was last seen leaving the building. Agent Hull , who met "Fenton"  the previous night, cannot remember the man\'s face, and all security footage showing Adam\'s face has been distorted. Eventually the FBI storm the real Fenton Meiks\' house, only to find evidence of his murders, along with Doyle\'s FBI badge. Hull visits the office of the local sheriff, who is revealed to be Adam Meiks. Hull does not recognize him, and explains that his visit is to inform him about his brother\'s killing spree and disappearance and asks that, if he thinks of anything to contact him. They shake hands, during which Adam holds a moment too long only to tell the agent, "You\'re a good man, Agent Hull. "'] ["New York police Sgt. Edward Delaney is at the scene of a brutal murder when news comes that his hospitalized wife's kidney illness has worsened after an operation. Approaching retirement, with a growing depression in the face of his wife's condition, Delaney throws himself into the murder case. He is fascinated by a crime committed with what seems to be a very unusual weapon. Delaney tries to cross-reference the recent killing with other murders in various parts of the city, looking for a common link. A lack of solid leads leaves Delaney at loose ends until he recruits assistance from an enthusiastic museum curator, a coroner, and the victim's wife. The investigation leads Delaney to a man named Blank, a seemingly normal businessman who is leading a secret life. Delaney uses psychological warfare in an attempt to trap the killer, all while the condition of the policeman's wife deteriorates by the hour."] ['Frenchmen Mario and Jo, Dutch Bimba and Italian Luigi are stuck in the isolated South American town of Las Piedras. Surrounded by desert, the town\'s only link to the outside world is a small airport, but the airfare is beyond the means of the men. There is little opportunity for employment aside from the American corporation that dominates the town, Southern Oil Company , which operates the nearby oil fields and owns a walled compound within the town. SOC is suspected of unethical practices such as exploiting local workers and taking the law into its own hands, but the townspeople\'s dependence upon it is such that they suffer in silence. Mario is a sarcastic Corsican playboy, who treats his devoted lover, Linda, with disdain. Jo is an aging ex-gangster who just recently found himself stranded in the town. Bimba is an intense, quiet individual whose father was murdered by the Nazis, and who himself worked for three years in a salt mine. Luigi, Mario\'s roommate, is a jovial, hardworking individual, who has just learned that he is dying from cement dust in his lungs. Mario befriends Jo due to their common background of having lived in Paris, but a rift develops between Jo and the other cantina regulars because of his combative, arrogant personality. A massive fire erupts at one of the SOC oil fields. The only way to extinguish the flames and cap the well is an explosion caused by nitroglycerine. With short notice and lack of proper equipment, it must be transported within jerrycans placed in two large trucks from the SOC headquarters, 300 miles away. Due to the poor condition of the roads and the highly volatile nature of nitroglycerine, the job is considered too dangerous for the unionized SOC employees. The company foreman, Mr. O\' Brien, recruits truck drivers from the local community. Despite the dangers, many of the locals volunteer, lured by the high pay: US$2,000 per driver. This is a fortune to them, and the money is seen by some as the only way out of their dead-end lives. The pool of applicants is narrowed down to four handpicked drivers: Mario, Bimba and Luigi are chosen, along with a German named Smerloff. Smerloff fails to appear on the appointed day, so Jo, who knows O\' Brien from his bootlegging days, is substituted in his place. The other drivers suspect that Jo murdered Smerloff in order to facilitate his own hiring. Jo and Mario transport the nitroglycerin in one vehicle; Luigi and Bimba in the other, with thirty minutes separating them in order to limit potential casualties. The drivers are forced to deal with a series of physical and mental obstacles, including a stretch of extremely rough road called "the washboard", a construction barricade that forces them to teeter around a rotten platform above a precipice, and a boulder blocking the road. Jo finds that his nerves are not what they used to be, and the others confront Jo about his increasing cowardice. Finally, Luigi and Bimba\'s truck explodes without warning, killing them both. Mario and Jo arrive at the scene of the explosion only to find a large crater rapidly filling with oil from a pipeline ruptured in the blast. Jo exits the vehicle to help Mario navigate through the oil-filled crater. The truck, however, is in danger of becoming bogged down and during their frantic attempts to prevent it from getting stuck, Mario runs over Jo. Although the vehicle is ultimately freed from the muck, Jo is mortally wounded. On their arrival at the oil field, Mario and Jo are hailed as heroes, but Jo is dead and Mario collapses from exhaustion. Upon his recovery, Mario heads home in the same truck, now freed of its dangerous cargo. He collects double the wages following his friends\' deaths, and refuses the appointed chauffeur offered by SOC. Mario jubilantly drives down a mountain road, while a party at the cantina back in town where Mario\'s friends eagerly await his arrival. Mario swerves recklessly and intentionally, having cheated death so many times on the same road. He takes one corner too fast and plunges through the guardrail to his death. Linda, dancing in the cantina, appears to faint.'] ['Daniel , a charismatic dancer, is drugged and abducted in an alley by three hooded women. They proceed to torture and rape him in an abandoned warehouse for about two weeks, before they take him in their car and dump him out. When he is left to return to his normal life, he loses his ability to dance and has problems relating with his environment. To reclaim his identity, he seeks revenge. He does so by hitting on every woman who responds to him hoping his abductors would be among them.'] ['Rachel Lapp , a young Amish widow, and her 8-year-old son Samuel  are traveling by train to visit Rachel\'s sister. At the 30th Street Station in Philadelphia, Samuel inadvertently sees two men brutally murder a third. Captain John Book  is the policeman assigned to the case. Samuel witnessed the murder, a slashing, in the restroom and escaped the killers\' detection by hiding in a stall. Book and his partner, Sergeant Eldon Carter , question Samuel. He is unable to identify the perpetrator from mug shot photographs or a police lineup, but notices a newspaper clipping at the police station with a picture of highly regarded narcotics officer James McFee  and recognizes him as one of the killers. Book remembers that McFee was previously responsible for a drug raid where evidence had mysteriously disappeared from the police department. Book confides his suspicions to his superior officer, Chief Paul Schaeffer , who advises Book to keep the case secret so they can work out how to move forward with it. As Book returns home, he is confronted by McFee in a parking garage and badly wounded in the ensuing gunfight before McFee escapes. Since only Schaeffer had been told, Book realizes Schaeffer must have warned McFee and is also corrupt. Book calls Carter and orders him to remove the Lapp file from the records. Book then hides his Dodge and uses his sister\'s VW to return Rachel and Samuel to Lancaster County. After the Lapp\'s safe arrival in rural Pennsylvania, Book collapses from loss of blood in his vehicle in front of the Lapp farm. Impressing upon them that hospitalization will allow the corrupt officers to find him, Book is gradually tended back to health by the Amish. As Book heals, he begins to develop feelings for Rachel. The Lapps\' neighbor, Daniel Hochleitner  had himself hoped to court her and this becomes a cause of friction. Later Rachel and John are caught dancing—an affront to the conservative Amish way of life. Rachel’s father-in-law, Eli, takes her aside and warns that if she continues she could be shunned  by the community. Rachel, in turn, feels she has done nothing wrong. The corrupt officers intensify their efforts to find Book, who is informed via a call from a payphone that Carter has been killed. While still in town, Hochleitner and the other Amish men are harassed by local punks. Breaking with the Amish tradition of nonviolence, Book retaliates. The fight gets noticed by the local townspeople and is reported to the police. The news reaches Schaeffer. John subsequently comes upon Rachel as she bathes, and she stands half-naked without shame before him. He walks away without a word. Soon after, the two realize they are in love, but because of the publicity the fight has gotten, Book knows he must leave. Upset, Rachel removes her bonnet, and she and John run to one another, embracing with a passionate kiss. McFee, Schaeffer, and "Fergie" Ferguson , the second killer at the train station, arrive at the Lapp farm with pump action shotguns. Book, unarmed and in the barn with Samuel, orders Samuel to run to the neighbors for safety. The trio split up and search for Book. John tricks Fergie into the corn silo and suffocates him under tons of corn. He retrieves Fergie\'s shotgun and kills McFee. A crazed Schaeffer then forces Rachel and Eli out of the house at gunpoint; Eli signs to Samuel  to ring the warning bell. Although Schaeffer briefly forces Book to surrender to him, the loud clanging summons all other Amish within earshot. With so many witnesses present it is clear to Schaeffer that he cannot escape, and he gives up. As Schaeffer is taken by local police and Book prepares to leave, he shares a quiet moment with Samuel, then exchanges a silent, loving gaze with Rachel. Eli bids Book goodbye for his return to Philadelphia, saying "You be careful out among the English [i.e., non-Amish]", as he had said to Rachel at the beginning of the film, and showing Book that he now respects him like the people of his own faith. As Book drives away from the Lapp farm, he passes Hochleitner, presumably on his way to court Rachel, and exchanges an amicable wave of farewell.'] ['Marcus  wakes up in a cemetery with no memory of how he got there. He suffers from parasomnia, a sleep disorder which causes him to do things while asleep which he cannot remember, and so is plagued with questions: "Where was I last night? Who was I with?" Hoping to deal with his use of one-night-stands to escape his problems, Marcus joins a Sexaholics Anonymous support group, where SA sponsor Derek  helps him work through his problems. His disorder takes a turn for the worse when he wakes up and finds himself covered in blood with a knife at his side and the police banging at his door. In a panic he hides the evidence and then learns from the police that Ann ([[Kelly Overton , wife of his best friend Justin , was found stabbed to death. Marcus is terrified to put together the pieces of how she might have been murdered. A series of mysterious phone calls make him believe that someone is watching him. Desperate to figure out what happens after he goes to sleep at night, he investigates his own nocturnal activities. His quest for the truth ends in a shocking revelation.movieweb.com, complete synopsis of In My Sleep, accessed 01-07-2009'] ["A wife's husband is cheating on her. She decides to go on a road trip with her husband's other woman. While driving the two women pick up a hitchhiker. The man they pick up may be a robber and murderer on the run from the cops. A policeman who is tracking the hitchhiker has a close eye on them, but the question is why?http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112515"] ["When Isis tries to leave Roman's apartment he overpowers her and accidentally kills her. He keeps her severed body on ice. A neighbor, Eva pursues him. They have a difficult relationship as neither wants to leave the other in to the other's apartment. When he is handling the frozen foot of Isis, Eva knocks on his door. He hides the foot under his bedclothes and lets her in. While they are in his bed the severed foots falls to the floor unnoticed. Before leaving Eva remarks that something stinks. The next day, Eva leaves a note for him inviting him into her apartment. He finds her apparently lying prostate. When he realizes she is dead his extreme cries of anquish alert the building superintendant who accuses him of mudering Eva."] ["When small and shy Sam  admits to his older brother Rocky ([[Trevor Morgan  that the school bully, a dyslexic boy named George  has hurt him, Rocky devises a plan to exact revenge on George. Sam moved George's video camera while George was filming himself trying to play basketball. This caused George to become angry and attack Sam. Rocky recruits his friends, Clyde and Marty, to assist him with his plan. Clyde  is a shy teenager who is constantly harassed by Marty , because of Clyde's gay fathers. Marty is an angry and violent young man, traumatized by his father's suicide years earlier. Part of the prank entails taking George on a boating trip to celebrate Sam's birthday party. The ultimate joke, in their opinion, will be when they get him to strip in a game of truth or dare, then make him run home naked. Sam invites his girlfriend Millie  along. He does not tell her the plan that the group has agreed upon until they arrive near the river. Millie refuses to continue until Sam promises that he will call the plan off, which Sam agrees to do. Sam tells his brother to stop, and Rocky tells his friends what Sam has conveyed to him. Although Clyde has no problem with it, Marty is very reluctant to not go through with the plan. Throughout the trip, George attempts clumsily to fit in with the others by telling jokes, which the other members of the group do not find amusing. The group soon realizes that although George is annoying, he is very lonely and just wants to be accepted. On the boat, Marty goes against the others by starting up a game of truth or dare, though the rest decide to go along. After George shoots Marty with a water gun in good fun, George makes a funny quip about Marty's father, not remembering that it is a sore subject. This sets Marty off, who tells George the whole plan and starts to ridicule him. Angered and humiliated, George launches into a tirade against everyone else on the boat, excluding Rocky, ending by crudely mocking Marty's dead father. Marty snaps and Rocky, in an attempt to stop the fight, accidentally pushes George off the boat. Unable to swim, George struggles to remain afloat in the water. As the others regard the scene in horror, George accidentally hits his head with his video camera and does not come to the surface. Rocky dives into the water but is unable to find George. Minutes later, George appears face down in the shallow water close to the shore. Rocky exhorts the others to help him bring George to shore, where Millie gives him CPR. The effort is in vain as George is dead and it is apparent that he cannot be revived. The group is traumatized and in fear of being charged for murder, so they dig a hole and bury George. Clyde's plan is to explain that it was an accident but Marty threatens them, gaining the complicity of both Clyde and the rest of the group. As they had already tricked George into not telling his mother where he was going, she would not know of their involvement. Marty speaks to the only witnesses of George with the group, his brother and his brother's friend, and they agree to keep quiet. Marty goes to tell the news to his friends, who have all gathered at Sam and Rocky's house. They are willing to accept the consequences as opposed to having the guilt of George's death hanging over their heads. Marty refuses to turn himself in and feels betrayed by all of them. He storms out and convinces his brother to give him his gun and car. The brother again agrees to the favor, albeit reluctantly. Marty robs a gas station with the gun and drives off, becoming a fugitive. Meanwhile, the others go to George's house and confess to his mother. The film ends with the police watching a tape George made of himself talking on his video camera about his dream of becoming a filmmaker so he can document his life in hopes that somebody can understand his mentality."] ["Terry  is having an affair with his boss' wife Sylvia . One night after an office party, they are together and Sylvia witnesses an attack on Denise  from Terry's bedroom window. She doesn't want to expose their relationship and so is reluctant about talking to the police. Terry, wanting to help, gives the police the description of the attacker. He soon becomes the main prosecution witness until it becomes clear he cannot have witnessed the assault, at which point he becomes the main suspect in the case. He then sets out to find the real rapist/killer with some help from Denise."] ['The film tells the tale of two sisters, Violet and Grace, who live a sheltered life within a secluded New England mansion, inherited from their parents. It is heavily implied that their father abused them during their childhood throughout the film, believing that they were "gifted" and home-schooling them whilst practically forcing them to complete recreational activities, such as painting and playing musical instruments, and hurting them either physically or mentally if he was not pleased with their effort. Because of their gloomy childhood, the two sisters have formed a strong bond and are incredibly close, however have also lost touch with reality and often come up with "evil" schemes together, their most recent being to lure a young traveller, whom Violet encounters in a bar, into their home and seduce him. It is never revealed why they have chosen to do this, however it is suggested that the sisters, especially Grace, want a baby to raise together. Violet catches the eye of the traveller whilst he is with another woman in the bar, and openly flirts with him by dancing gracefully. Enchanted, he abandons his date and leaves with Violet, already drunk. The two return to the mansion, where Violet and Grace flirt with him briefly before dragging him upstairs to the spare bedroom, where he collapses. The next morning, the trio have breakfast together, where the traveller introduces himself as Luke, and the sisters invite him to stay for a few days. He agrees, clearly having taken a liking to Violet. That evening, he invites her for a drive and the two leave Grace on her own for several hours. While out, Luke proposes that they run away together, but Violet laughs this off, claiming he barely knows her and they wouldn\'t be able to manage with little money. Violet admits that she wants Luke to fall in love with her, but he claims he "doesn\'t do love". Despite this, the two share their first kiss on the way back. The two return home to find Grace sulking, who claims that Violet is "breaking the rules". Eventually cheering up, the sisters suggest that they play "the alpha game", an activity in which they attempt to connect with Luke mentally after they count him down into the "alpha state". Whilst under, Luke experiences visions of the girls\' father and becomes disturbed by this, accidentally strangling Grace after waking up. The next morning, Grace tells Violet that she wants him gone, but she refuses. Luke continues to push Violet to leave with him, but she cannot bring herself to even consider leaving Grace. Later, the two of them slip away while Grace demonstrates her archery skills and make love for the first time. They begin an intimate relationship, much to the distress of Grace, whose flashbacks become increasingly surreal and intense, a notable one being of her suddenly setting fire to a box of matches without touching them after her father had been trying to get her to move a flame in the same manner, and she begins to lose her mind. Luke begins experiencing visions of the girls\' father as well, and decides to leave the mansion alone after Violet refuses to come with him. Grace attempts to reconnect with her sister, but Violet becomes depressed after realising she loved him. Meanwhile, Luke encounters his girlfriend from the beginning of the film and they briefly reconcile, however he realises afterwards that he is in love with Violet, and decides to return to the mansion. Despite Violet\'s happiness, Grace grows incredibly jealous and begins cutting herself at night. After discovering that she is pregnant, Violet finally agrees to go away with Luke, ignoring Graces\' warnings. In a final attempt to get her sister back, she hatches a plan to seduce Luke while Violet is out. Showing minimal restraint, Luke sleeps with her, but regrets it immediately afterwards and begins to hate Grace, who doesn\'t hesitate in revealing what happened between them. Distraught, Violet runs out of the house but Luke follows her and apologises. The two decide to leave there and then, driving away as Grace watches from the window. The couple stay in a motel overnight, where Violet reveals her pregnancy. Luke concludes that he is happy and promises to get a job. The next morning, they begin making their way to California, however Violet drives back to mansion whilst he is asleep. Luke is furious that they are back, but after Grace calls a truce, he agrees to stay for one more night. Violet goes to the market to buy some supplies for a "celebratory feast", while Grace tells Luke about a painting of him that she needs him to pose for so she can finish it. Grace has Luke stand on a table with his hands tied behind his back, and begins painting. Whilst doing so, she begins to hear her father\'s voice again, and it is here that the extent of her insanity is revealed. It is confirmed by a film that Grace is projecting onto the wall that their father abused them, showing him pushing her into their swimming pool and filming her struggle. Grace begins crying as she suffers severe flashbacks, gripping the paintbrush so tightly that her hand starts bleeding, as well as picking up her bow and arrow and pointing it at Luke. Having had enough, Luke snaps at her, telling her she is crazy, and attempts to escape, knocking over a candle as he does so, which sets the paintings alight. Grace has the same flashback about trying to move the flame with her mind, and fire grows as she hears her father\'s words, possibly proving her telekinesis, and suggesting that this is her final attempt to get rid of Luke. Violet senses something is wrong and returns to the mansion - just in time to see Luke die in the fire. Grace escapes unharmed. After Violet has a miscarriage in the bath, she finally decides to leave the mansion once and for all. It is revealed that Grace is now pregnant, suggesting that she got what she wanted all along. The film ends with a heavily pregnant Grace knitting a baby grow. Her father appears next to the cot she has out prepared, but as she walks over she simply opens a window and goes back to her knitting, suggesting she has finally moved on from her childhood.'] ['Nick Conklin  is a New York City police officer facing possible criminal charges; Internal Affairs believes Nick was involved with his partner who was caught taking criminal money in a corruption scandal. Nick is divorced from his wife, who has custody of their two children. Nick also has financial difficulties. While having a drink at a local Italian restaurant/bar, Nick and his partner Charlie Vincent  observe two Japanese men having what appears to be a friendly lunch with some Italian gangsters. Nick is increasingly suspicious of the group until another Japanese man enters the restaurant with several armed henchmen and seizes a small package at gunpoint from the leader of the Japanese group. He then slashes the man\'s throat, stabs another in the chest, and then walks out. Nick and Charlie chase and arrest the suspect after he nearly kills Nick. The suspect turns out to be a Yakuza gangster by the name of Sato . Sato is to be extradited to Osaka and given to the police there. Nick is angry that Sato will not be tried for murder in the United States, but agrees to escort him to Japan. Nick’s captain also has an ulterior motive for sending Nick overseas, thinking it will keep Nick from causing more trouble and exacerbating the already biased Internal Affairs investigation of him. When they arrive in Osaka, men identifying themselves as Japanese police immediately meet them on the plane, display a "transfer document" written in Japanese and take Sato into their custody, leaving the plane by the rear exit. As Nick and Charlie are about to get off the plane themselves, another group of police enter from the front and identify themselves in English, indicating that the first "cops" were impostors. Nick and Charlie are taken to the headquarters of the Osaka Prefecture Police and questioned. They are blamed for Sato’s escape. After much haranguing by Nick, he and Charlie are allowed to “observe” the hunt for Sato. However, the senior police officer emphasizes that they have no authority in Japan and it is illegal for them to carry their guns, which are all confiscated. They are assigned to Masahiro Matsumoto . Throughout the investigation Nick behaves rudely, offending Matsumoto, while Charlie tries to be more polite. Nick also makes contact with an American blond nightclub hostess, Joyce , who explains that the Japanese public, including the giggling hostesses in the club, all believe that Nick and Charlie are not to be taken seriously because they allowed Sato to easily escape from custody, and represent American inefficiency and stupidity. Through her, Nick discovers that Sato is fighting a gang war with a notorious crime boss, Sugai . Sato used to be a lieutenant for Sugai and now wants his own territory to rule. Sato had traveled to New York to disrupt Sugai\'s meeting with American gangsters about a counterfeiting scheme. Having joined a police raid of a gang hideout without permission, Nick takes some $100 bills. The next day Matsumoto explains they have dishonored themselves, him and the police force by this theft, which has been reported back to America; Nick just claims he ought not to have "snitched" to his superiors, and shows Matsumoto that the money was counterfeit by burning one of the bills. Late one night, Nick and Charlie walk back to their hotel slightly drunk and unescorted, despite previous warnings about their safety from Matsumoto. They are harassed by a young punk on a motorcycle, and it seems to be a joke until the motorcyclist steals Charlie’s raincoat and leads Charlie into an underground parking garage. Nick follows, shouting for Charlie to come back, but is separated from his partner by a security gate. The unarmed Nick then watches in horror as Sato and several of his Bōsōzoku gang members briefly torture Charlie using swords and knives, before Sato beheads him. Distraught, Nick is comforted by Joyce at her apartment. Matsumoto arrives with Nick’s belongings, including his NYPD badge, which Nick gives to Matsumoto, and Charlie’s service pistol, which Nick keeps for himself. Matsumoto and Nick trail one of Sato’s operatives, a woman; overnight the policemen discuss their different cultures, and Nick admits to Matsumoto that he had taken some money in New York. In the morning the woman retrieves from a bank strongbox a sample counterfeit note , which she passes to one of Sato’s gang. Nick and Matsumoto tail the man to a steel foundry where they find that Sato is meeting with Sugai, and discovers that the package that Sato had stolen in New York contains a printing plate for the American $100 bill. Nick intervenes when Sato leaves the meeting and a gunfight ensues. Sato escapes again when Nick is arrested by the swarming police for waving a gun in public, and told he will be sent back to New York in disgrace. Nick boards the plane for New York but is able to sneak off to pursue Sato on his own. He finds that Matsumoto has been suspended and demoted by his police force. Joyce helps him meet Sugai, who explains that making counterfeit U.S. currency is his revenge for the "black rain" after the bombing of Hiroshima and the aftermath of World War II. Nick suggests a deal where Sugai can use Nick to retrieve the stolen plate from Sato, leaving Sugai\'s reputation and hands clean. Sugai drops Nick at the outskirts of a remote farm where a meeting of the oyabun, the other crime bosses of the region, is to take place. Nick is supplied with a shotgun. Sato arrives a short time later, as does Matsumoto. Matsumoto and Nick deduce that Sato’s men are planning a massacre. At the meeting table, Sato surrenders his single plate and requests recognition and his own territory. However, Sugai demands that Sato first atone for his offenses against the Yakuza code in the traditional Yakuza way: he is ordered to cut off one of his fingers, which he duly does. As he takes his position next to Sugai, he stabs the elder gangster in the hand and escapes with both the plates, prompting a gunfight between all Sugai’s and Sato’s men. Sato escapes the fight on a dirt bike with Nick close behind. Nick is able to spill Sato off his bike and the two fight briefly, until Nick gains the advantage. The scene ends with Nick having to decide whether or not to kill Sato for Charlie and for all the humiliation he has suffered. The film ends with Matsumoto and Nick walking a handcuffed Sato into police headquarters to the amazement of everyone and later receiving commendations, which Nick accepts gratefully. Before boarding his flight home, Nick thanks Matsumoto for his assistance and his friendship, and gives him a gift box containing a dress shirt. Underneath the shirt, Matsumoto finds the two counterfeit printing plates.'] ['Daniel Kintner  and Susan Watkins  are an American couple frustrated that their hard-working lives don\'t allow them to spend much time together. They decide to pack up and head out on a scuba diving vacation to help relieve their everyday stress and improve their relationship. On their second day, Daniel and Susan join a group scuba dive. Some on board their boat express nervousness about sharks, but the dive instructor dismisses the danger with a joke. A head count is taken, and the passenger total is recorded as 20. Daniel and Susan get in the water along with the rest of the divers. One man, Seth, finds that he has forgotten his mask. He is upset over it and he gets verbally pushy with the boat\'s crew, but knowing the expectations of safe diving practices, he grudgingly remains on the boat. Daniel and Susan decide to separate briefly from the group while underwater. Meanwhile, a woman who is having problems with pressure equalization returns early to the boat with her partner. Including Seth, there are now three people back on the boat, and this is recorded by one of the crew as three "ticks" on their tally sheet. After this tally, Seth asks to borrow the mask of the woman who just returned, and he pressures the woman\'s reluctant dive partner into another dive with him. The two men leave the boat, but the dive tally sheet is not changed because the crew member maintaining it did not see them depart. Hence, there are still three ticks on the sheet instead of just one. Half an hour later, the rest of the group begins returning to the boat, and during that period the crew member diligently increments the tally as each diver arrives back on board. Going by the tally sheet, the total now on board comes to 20, though in reality the accurate count is 18. Daniel and Susan, having separated from the group earlier, are still underwater and have not yet realized that the others have all returned. The boat leaves the site, and although several belongings of Daniel and Susan are sitting openly in the passenger area of the boat, most individuals in the dive group do not know others beyond their dive partners, so no one happens to associate the stored belongings of Daniel and Susan with their absence on the boat. Not long after the boat leaves, Daniel and Susan return to the surface and look for it. They see a boat, presumably the dive boat, gradually disappearing in the distance. They believe the group will return to recover them in reasonable time, as they assume someone on board the boat will notice their belongings. Stranded at sea, Daniel and Susan rehash a few old disputes, bicker about the wisdom of swimming for occasional boats seen in the distance, battle bouts of hunger and mental exhaustion, and later realize by looking down through the water while wearing their masks that they have likely drifted far from the dive site. In addition to the worry that their rescue may be growing less certain, they also realize that sharks have been circling them below the surface. Susan is worried about the sharks, but Daniel tries to calm her, saying, "Sharks are attracted to wounded fish," and concludes that they should try to stay calm and not splash around. Soon, jellyfish appear and sting Daniel and Susan, while several times sharks are coming in very close, seemingly trying to determine if the couple are viable prey. Susan receives a small bite on the leg from a shark, but doesn\'t immediately realize it. Daniel notices this as he goes under to check out the light "nipping" feeling she has. He sees that it is a small fish feeding on the exposed flesh of her bite wound, but he does not tell Susan that the wound is a shark bite. Later, a shark bites Daniel and the wound begins to bleed profusely. Susan removes her weight belt and uses it to apply pressure to Daniel\'s wound. He appears to begin to go into shock. Susan is now very afraid, telling him to "just keep breathing." The tight-fitting neoprene wetsuits are apparently keeping them from fully realizing they have been sustaining small bites. After night falls, during a strong storm, sharks return and attack Daniel again, killing him. The next morning, the belongings of Daniel and Susan are finally noticed on the long-since-moored boat by an arriving member of its crew. He opens their duffel bag and finds their scuba certification cards with their photos on them, and suddenly he remembers the couple clearly and realizes they must have been left out at the dive site the previous day. A search for the couple is begun in earnest. Meanwhile Susan, having held on to Daniel through the night, realizes he is dead and releases him into the water, where sharks attack him in a feeding frenzy. Susan turns away from the lifeless bobbing movement of Daniel\'s floating body as the sharks pull him under. After putting on her mask, she looks beneath the surface and sees several large sharks now circling her. One seems to dart in her direction. Susan looks around one last time for any sign of coming rescue, and seeing none, removes her scuba gear, pushes it away, removes her mask, and goes underwater to drown before the sharks can attack. After Susan slips below the water\'s surface, the film scene flashes elsewhere, revealing a fishing crew cutting open a newly-caught shark\'s abdomen and stomach, and finding a waterproof diving camera, ostensibly that of Daniel and Susan. One of the fishermen asks off-handedly to another, "Wonder if it works?"'] ["Professor David Pollock  is an expert in ancient hieroglyphics at Oxford University. A Middle Eastern Prime Minister convinces Pollock to infiltrate the organisation of a man named Beshraavi , who is involved in a plot against the Prime Minister. The nature of the plot is believed to be found in a hieroglyphic code. Beshraavi's mistress, Yasmin Azir  is a mystery intertwined in the plot. Pollock needs her help, but when she repeatedly seems to double cross him in one escapade after another, he can't decide on whose side she is working. Eventually working together, Pollock and Yasmin decipher the plot and set out to stop an assassination of the Prime Minister. Ultimately they succeed, but the heroes are later pursued onto a high railway bridge by the vengeful villains who shoot at them from a helicopter, which Pollock eventually defeats by dropping a metal ladder down into the rotors as it passes underneath the bridge."] ['A documentary crew following a group of illegal immigrants across the U.S./Mexican border are captured by radical patriots who force them to film executions of those same illegal immigrants.{{Cite web}}'] ["John Gray  is an actor in a Far West time touristic attraction village, named Profit, near a small town. He lives an eventless life, with his on-and-off girlfriend Sharon  his friends and co-workers Tim (Tyler Labine and Pablo , and his mentor Gus . Until one night, when two bikers rob the town's bar and severely beat the barman down. After they left, John decides to call the police, against the advice of the thugs' leader, Bart . No one else present in the bar volunteers to help the police for fear of revenge. The next day at the village, John sees the two goons walking down the street and makes a citizen's arrest. They are then taken by the Sheriff who locks them in a cell. He allows Bart to make a phone call, allowing him to call upon the rest of the gang. The other bikers arrive to the town and kills the sheriff and his deputy, in order to free Bart from his cell. As the night comes, John comes back to his place after dropping Sharon at her house when the gang starts shooting him in his car. He escapes and goes to Gus' isolated trailer and asks for help. A shooting occurs between the two and the bikers. All but two of the thugs are shot : one of them escapes and warns the others, and Bart is captures and put in the trunk of John's pick-up truck. They then go to the police station only to find the two bodies. Understanding the situation they are in, they split. Gus goes to town to phone the police, only to find that all the lines are dead. Meanwhile, John takes Bart inside a mine, ties him up to a shaft and waits for the authorities. While trying to drive out of town to get access to a working telephone, Gus gets trapped by the gang. They take him to the police station and starts torturing him to know where John and Bart are. Silent at first, he starts to talk when the new leader, King  threaten to harm Sharon. Gus leads a group of four thugs on the way to the mine, when they are taken in an ambush by John. All of the goons die while Gus is shot in the leg. At the same time, the other inhabitants of Profit are rounded up in a large cell in the fake police station of the Far West village. John comes back to the Far West village to negotiate with King an exchange between Bart and Sharon. While the deal takes place, and John and Sharon escape in the pick-up truck, Gus kills the few bikers who kept an eye on the villagers and frees everybody. When he asks for volunteers to fight when the others come back, only Tim and Pablo reluctantly agree. The rest of the gang comes back and a shootout occurs, culminating with a duel between John and Bart, durng which John shoots Bart in the arm, disabling him. Some time after that, the Far West village still runs with some new additions : John's story is loosely adapted as an Old West tale and acted out for tourists."] ['The time is the early-to-mid-1960s, the height of the Cold War between the United States and the Soviet Union. An unknown aircraft approaches North America from Europe. American bombers of the Strategic Air Command  are scrambled to their fail safe points near Russia. The bombers have orders not to proceed past their fail safe points without receiving a special attack code. The original "threat" is proven to be innocuous and recall orders are issued. However, due to a technical failure, the attack code is transmitted to Group Six, which consists of six Vindicator supersonic bombers and four escort fighters. Colonel Grady, the head of the group, tries to contact Omaha to verify the fail-safe order , but due to Soviet radar jamming, Grady cannot hear Omaha. Concluding that the attack order and the radar jamming could only mean nuclear war, Grady commands Group Six towards Moscow, their intended destination. At meetings in Omaha, the Pentagon, and in the fallout shelter of the White House, American politicians and scholars debate the implications of the attack. Professor Groteschele, who is loosely based on John von Neumann and Herman Kahn, suggests the United States follow this accidental attack with a full-scale attack to force the Soviets to surrender. The President orders the Air Force to send the four escort fighters after the bombers to shoot down the Vindicators. The attempt is to show that the Vindicator attack is an accident, not a full-scale nuclear assault. After using their afterburners in an attempt to catch the bombers the fighters run out of fuel and crash, dooming the pilots to die of exposure in the Arctic Sea. The fighters fail to destroy any bombers. The President of the United States contacts the Soviet premier and offers assistance in attacking the group. The Soviets decline at first; then they decide to accept help. Meanwhile, the Soviet PVO Strany air defense corps has managed to shoot down two of the six planes. After accepting American help they shoot down two more planes. Two bombers remain on course to Moscow. One is a decoy and carries no bombs. The other carries two 20 megaton devices. General Bogan tells Marshal Nevsky, the Soviet commander, to ignore the decoy plane because it is harmless. Nevsky, who mistrusts Bogan, instead orders his Soviet aircraft to pursue the decoy aircraft. The Russian fighters are then out of position to intercept the final American bomber. The decoy\'s feint guarantees that the remaining bomber can successfully attack. Following the failure, Nevsky collapses. As the bomber approaches Moscow, Colonel Grady opens up the radio to contact SAC to inform them that they are about to make the strike. As a last-minute measure, the Soviets fire a barrage of nuclear-tipped missiles to form a fireball in an attempt to knock the low-flying Vindicator out of the sky. The bomber shoots up two decoy missiles, which successfully leads the Soviet missiles high in the air and Colonel Grady\'s plane survives. With the radio open, the President attempts to persuade Grady that there is no war. Grady\'s son also attempts to convince him.  Understanding orders that such a late recall attempt must be a Soviet trick, Grady ignores them. Grady tells his crew that "We\'re not just walking wounded, we\'re walking dead men," due to radiation from the Soviet missiles. He intends to fly the aircraft over Moscow and detonate the bombs in the plane. His co-pilot notes, "There\'s nothing to go home to." Meanwhile, the American president has ordered another American bomber to circle over New York City with 40-megaton payload, which should be dropped in case of the bombing of Moscow. The American ambassador in Moscow reports about the final moments of the Russian capital before being evaporated from the blast. The American bomber receives an order to drop its bombs over New York City in order for the destruction of Moscow to be vindicated and a Third World War avoided. It was earlier revealed that the American President\'s wife was in New York while the events of the film transpired, meaning she would be killed in the blast. The pilot of the American bomber, General Black , commits suicide with a lethal injection before hitting the target, knowing that his oblivious wife and little daughter are also down there.'] ['Margaret "Marnie" Edgar  is a troubled young woman who has an unnatural fear and mistrust of men, thunderstorms, and the color red. She is also a thief. She uses her charms on Sidney Strutt  to get a job without references. Then late one night, she steals the contents of the company safe and disappears.  Mark Rutland , a widower who owns a large publishing company, is a customer of Strutt\'s. He learns about the theft from the victim, and remembers the woman. Unaware of this, Marnie applies for a job at Mark\'s company; he hires her and they begin to date. He too is robbed, but he tracks her down. He has fallen in love with her, and instead of handing her over to the police, blackmails her into marrying him. They leave on a honeymoon cruise. He finds out about her frigidity. At first, he respects her wishes, but later rapes her. The next morning, she attempts suicide by drowning in the ship\'s swimming pool, but Mark rescues her in time. Upon their return, Mark tries to discover the reason behind Marnie\'s behavior. In the end, they visit her mother, Bernice  in Baltimore, Maryland, and learn that she used to be a prostitute. When Marnie was six years old, one of Bernice\'s clients  had tried drunkenly to calm the child when she was frightened by a thunderstorm, petting her and kissing her. It seemed to Bernice that the sailor was molesting Marnie, so she attacked him. During the struggle the sailor fell on Bernice and and broke her leg. Seeing her mother struggling and in great pain, the child struck the sailor with a fireplace poker, killing him. The bloodshed led to her distrust of men and fear of the color red. Once the origin of her fears is revealed to her, she seems to decide that she wants to try to make her marriage work.'] ['San Francisco Assistant District Attorney David Corelli  is called to the murder scene of prominent businessman Kyle Medford, found stabbed to death in his home by an antique hatchet. The lead detectives, Bob Hargrove  and Petey Vesko , find photographs in Medford\'s safe of Governor Lew Edwards  having sex with a prostitute, later identified as Patrice Jacinto . During questioning, Patrice reveals that she and other women were paid by Medford to have sex with wealthy men at his beach house in Pacifica. She also informs them that the most desired prostitute among the clients was a woman known only as "Jade." Corelli meets with Governor Edwards and his aide Bill Barrett , where he is warned not to make the photographs public, lest the Governor ruin Corelli\'s career. Corelli is then almost killed when his brake line is deliberately cut and his vehicle goes out of control while driving down a steep hill. The detectives find fingerprints on the hatchet belonging to Katrina Gavin , a clinical psychologist and former lover of Corelli\'s that eventually married his close friend, defense attorney Matt Gavin . When interviewed, Katrina explains Medford gave her a tour of his antique collection on the day in question, but claims to have nothing to do with his death. At Medford\'s beach house, Corelli and the detectives find various drugs, alcohol, and sex toys as well as video cameras hidden in guest bedrooms. They conclude Medford was recording the sex sessions in order to blackmail the men. Corelli is shocked to discover Katrina on one of the tapes; the revelation renews the detectives interest in her as a suspect. Patrice calls Corelli and arranges to meet him to discuss Jade\'s identity, but, prior to arriving, she is killed in a hit-and-run accident by an unknown assailant driving a black 1993 Ford Thunderbird. Corelli, witnessing the murder first-hand, chases the assailants\' vehicle, but is unable to apprehend them. The detectives discover the Gavins own a black 1993 Ford Thunderbird and initially suspect Katrina of killing Patrice, but later find the actual vehicle used in the hit-and-run incident abandoned and determine someone may be trying to frame Katrina. Katrina is again brought in for questioning and shown the sex tape but Matt, in his capacity as her attorney, ends the interrogation before she fully explains her involvement. When confronted at their home by Matt, Katrina admits she had sex with the man on the tape, due in part to her knowledge of Matt\'s many affairs. Katrina later visits Corelli at his apartment and tries unsuccessfully to seduce him, admitting she felt sexually liberated by sleeping with several men at the beach house, despite suspecting Medford of recording the sessions. Meanwhile, Justin Henderson , the only witness to identify Katrina at the Pacifica beach house, is found murdered. Corelli informs the detectives at the crime scene that Katrina couldn\'t have killed him because she and Corelli were together at the time. Corelli rushes back to his apartment where he is met by Matt, who holds him at gunpoint and angrily accuses him of also having sex with Katrina. Corelli convinces Matt of his innocence and persuades him Katrina\'s life is in danger. Back at the Gavin home, Det. Hargrove and Governor\'s aide Barrett search for the incriminating photos of the Governor and Patrice. Hargrove tries to kill Katrina when she interrupts their search, but Corelli and Matt arrive and Matt shoots and kills Hargrove to save his wife. Afterwards, Corelli meets with the Governor to assure Katrina\'s safety by leveraging his possession of the photographs. The Governor denies any knowledge of Hargrove\'s or Barrett\'s actions, but insinuates they were both acting on his behalf. As they get ready for bed, Katrina finds photographs laid out in her bathroom of her having sex with the men at the beach house. Matt admits to Katrina that he killed Medford because Medford would eventually blackmail them both. He assures her they have gotten away with the murder and then asks Katrina to "show him Jade" the next time they have sex.'] ['It is about a Central Intelligence Agency  agent named Cross , a successful but retiring assassin, who is training "Scorpio" to replace him. Cross is teaching him as much about protecting himself from his patrons and never trusting anyone as how to get away clean. The CIA tells "Scorpio", Jean Laurier , to kill Cross for suspected treason and collaboration with the Russians. Scorpio is threatened with jail on a false narcotics charge if he doesn\'t cooperate. In a failed break-in of Cross\'s home, CIA agents shoot and kill his wife Sarah , causing Cross to go on the run and seek protection from the Russians, who want the secrets he knows and maybe revenge for past acts. Cross is very successful at evading capture, and even kills the CIA director who was responsible for his wife\'s death. However, the CIA gains evidence that Cross is working with Scorpio\'s girlfriend. Enraged by this betrayal, Scorpio corners and kills his girlfriend and Cross, but not before Cross imparts his last words of wisdom. Moments later, Scorpio is assassinated, as Cross said he would be when "They" were done with him. The viewer is left to speculate on who is behind Scorpio\'s death.'] ["The story is told in the present and flashbacks of a young woman, Annie  who was abused by her husband, Simon  whilst his brother, George  was seemingly helpless to intervene. The film hits an interesting twist when Simon is murdered. Annie is convinced that she is the murderer, even as she gets herself admitted to the gaol in the Fort. In 1851, Annie is living in an orphanage and is put into in an arranged marriage to Simon, who takes her to a homestead which is still being built. He puts her to work cooking and cleaning for him and his brother, George. At night, Simon expects Annie to submit to his rough sexual advances, even raping her several times. George tries to talk to Simon about treating Annie better, but his pleas fall on deaf ears. Simon becomes ever more brutal towards Annie, even beating her while he's in a drunken rage. Meanwhile, George himself is interested in pursuing Annie, which puts her into emotional turmoil. Simon's murder culminates these events, with Annie being locked up in the gaol, while a Detective named Mullen investigates. Through flashbacks, we learn that George, distraught from witnessing how his brother treated Annie, kills Simon by hitting him in the back with an axe. He brings Simon's body back to the homestead, telling Annie that a tree branch had fallen on him. Annie, by this time, had been driven mad from the beatings and rapes Simon had forced upon her. She hits Simon posthumously on the head with a rock. She and George consummate their feelings. Days later, she admits herself to the gaol, while George has fled the homestead to stay with a neighboring family. Annie finds out while in the gaol that she is pregnant, but is not certain whether the father is Simon or George. She declares the baby girl as being Simon's child, so that the child will always be welcome and cared for in later life. George marries the neighboring family's daughter, Jenny."] ["The film revolves around Jack Ryan  and Jennifer , a rich couple who are yachting in the Caribbean during Christmas. One of their crew is the handsome Manuel , who is cursed by his angry ex-girlfriend as he prepares to leave on the yacht. He is clearly bothered and has a difficult time fulfilling requests for the crew and guests. After the captain confronts him, Manuel quits and throws down a rag as he storms out of the galley. The rag lands on a gas flame and causes the entire yacht to catch fire. The captain is unable to control the blaze with a fire extinguisher so they abandon ship. Their lifeboats are capsized by a storm later that night and everyone becomes separated. Washing up on a deserted island, Jennifer is completely alone until she sees the body of the captain in the water. As she attempts to resuscitate him, Manuel appears and also unsuccessfully tries to revive the man. They bury the captain and, under Manuel's guidance, set out to build a shelter and find food. Eventually, Jack also turns up on the island. Although things go smoothly for a little while, Jack eventually suspects Manuel of having designs on his wife and declares the man his enemy, promising to ruin his life once they get off the island. Manuel responds that Jack had better get home soon, because he can ruin Jack's life right there on the island. This puts Jennifer in the uncomfortable position of her loyalty to Jack conflicting with the realization that they both need Manuel's help to survive. A proud man, Jack insists that he can provide for them both, but it quickly becomes apparent that he cannot. Jack and Jennifer's relationship also starts quickly deteriorating. Jack steals Manuel's goggles to go fishing one day and when Manuel discovers this, he threatens to kill Jack. Jennifer attempts to get him to calm down and, in a fit of passion, they have sex. Afterwards, Manuel reveals that he has loved Jennifer from the moment he first saw her, but it is also clear that this is a way for him to hurt Jack. When Jack returns, Jennifer accidentally hints at him what had happened and Jack furiously rejects her. He breaks up with her and drags her by the hair to Manuel's hut so she can live with him. While fishing another day, Jack finds a boat on the ocean floor. He drags it to shore and attempts to repair it. Later, Manuel proposes Jennifer a midnight swim and as they started having sex, Jennifer gives Manuel the idea of stealing the boat so they can get away together from the island.They plan to do so while Jack is out fishing however they do not get far before the boat begins to sink, and they realize that Jack's plan all along was for them to take the boat and drown. They are forced to swim back to the island and to Jack, who attacks the now-exhausted Manuel with a spear. An intense fight sequence ensues, interwoven with scenes of Manuel's ex-girlfriend performing a voodoo ceremony. The scene climaxes when Jennifer pins Jack to the ground, attempting to kill him with his own knife. Manuel, with Jack's spear stuck in his back, picks up a heavy rock with which to crush Jack. He loses his balance and falls backward, impaling himself on the spear, to Jennifer's horror. Simultaneously, the voodoo girl impales his effigy on a spike. One year later, a yachting family drops anchor near the island and explores it, discovering Jennifer asleep in her hut. She, still somewhat distraught over Manuel's death, leaves with them, but does not mention that her husband is also on the island. Jack, who is fishing, sees her leaving on the yacht and calls out, but Jennifer ignores him out of revenge and the family inside the boat cannot hear him. Jack is abandoned on the island and his eventual fate is left ambiguous. This film combines elements of love triangle stories and desert-island survivor-type movies."] ["Richard is mourning his wife's recent suicide while attempting to mend his relationship with his only daughter while still haunted by his recent trauma. However, Richard is caught as a witness to the inhumane brutality of Abner Solvie . Richard finds himself at the mercy of Abner, becoming his new-found protégé to further the crimes and brutality, while he is burdened by his involvement in the recent local murders. Richard is forced by the charming yet sociopath Abner who forces his mentality upon Richard who is defenseless, as he needs to protect his loved-ones. Richard must ultimately chose whether he is willing to kill in order to protect his daughter's life, while soon realizing that Abner is not the only deadly threat surrounding him."] ["The film takes place over the course of a single evening. Tepper, played by Erik Palladino, finds a wallet on his way home from work. He contacts the owner of the wallet by telephone, and then later discovers that the wallet contains the winning ticket in a $6 million lottery. Complications arise when Tepper's friends come over for their regular poker night. One of the conditions of the game is that everyone purchase a ticket for the lottery, to be thrown into the pot. The game is played as a freezeout, with the winner collecting all the tickets and any prizes they may be worth. When the owner of the wallet, played by James Earl Jones, arrives, he realizes that the winning ticket is in the pot, and stays to play in the game."] ['Marian Fairlie  and Laura Fairlie  are half-sisters . Laura\'s mother died, leaving Laura an inheritance which she will receive when she comes of age. They both live in Limmeridge with their uncle, Mr. Fairlie , who hires a new tutor, Walter Hartright . Marian tells Hartright that she and Laura are very close, agree in everything and refuse to be taught separately. On the night Mr. Hartright arrives at Limmeridge, he bumps into a woman in white. She speaks cryptically, and inquires if he is to stay with the Fairlies. When a carriage arrives, she runs off. Mr. Gilmore, the Fairlies\' attorney, tells him that the woman must have been a villager. When Hartright meets the two sisters, he mistakes Laura for the woman in white because of the strong resemblance. As Mr. Hartright teaches the sisters, he grows especially fond of Laura. However, Marian makes it clear to him that her sister is already engaged to Sir Percival Glyde. Though she senses that something is not quite right, she cannot find fault in Sir Percival, who is kind, attentive, and rich. Laura and Mr. Hartright acknowledge their feelings for each other, but they cannot be together. Marian asks Hartright\'s help in tracking down the woman in white. Hartright agrees to stay outside at night to lure the woman in white. One night, Marian sees a servant girl, rush out from the woods, screaming for help. Right behind her is Mr. Hartright, whom she accuses of trying to rape her.  Hartright is immediately disgraced and sent away, but not before he warns Laura that she is in great danger. Laura ignores him and marries Glyde. When Laura returns from her honeymoon, Marian visits her and plans to stay for a while. However, Laura is not herself and refuses to speak to or even see Marian for four days. After threatening to leave, Laura asks her sister to stay and soon reveals the terrible truth. Despite seeming to be kind, Sir Percival abuses his wife in private. She ultimately reveals that she is afraid her husband will kill her to steal her inheritance. Marian believes her and tells Laura to lock Sir Percival out of her room at night. Glyde\'s foreign friend, Count Fosco, arrives. Before dinner, Laura is pressured into signing a document, but Glyde refuses to let her read it. Fosco, realizing that he must appear to be on her side, tells Glyde to stop trying to force her to sign it. Angered by her defiance, Glyde throws the papers into the fire and storms out. Meanwhile, the woman in white has reappeared; her name is Anne Catherick and she has run away from an asylum. Marian confides in Fosco about a secret meeting with Anne Catherick. The sisters try to help Anne by giving her food and clothing. Anne tells them that Sir Percival has a terrible secret. But before Anne can tell them, Glyde shows up with Fosco and they capture Anne. Anne mistakenly thinks that Marian and Laura betrayed her. Marian and Laura try to escape to Limmeridge, but their plans are foiled by Glyde\'s servant Baxter, who shoots at them as they sprint toward the roads. They run back to the house. Later Marian goes out to the ledge to spy on Count Fosco and Glyde. She overhears them saying that Marian and Laura are to be separated before breakfast. However, Marian accidentally pushes something which crashes off the balcony. They look to see who is there, while Marian jumps from the balcony to the ground and breaks her ankle. She hides in the woods in the rain until they go back to the house. When she returns to her room, she locks the door and sleeps under her bed while telling herself to wake up before breakfast to warn Laura. But Marian develops a fever and goes into delirium. People break into her room and force her to drink something. While ill, she dreams of her sister being drugged and thrown off the tower. She wakes up and Mr. Gilmore informs her that Anne has been placed in an asylum and Laura has committed suicide by jumping off the tower. Unwilling to believe her sister would kill herself, Marian promises to avenge her sister\'s death. Count Fosco discovers her snooping through his things, and she is thrown out in disgrace. Her uncle will provide a small allowance to her but she can never return to Limmeridge. She finds help in a drunken Mr. Hartright who after losing his honor because of the false accusation of the servant Margaret, now makes a living by doing cheap portrait sketches. Marian and Hartright feel guilty for failing to save Laura, but they vow that they will not fail to help Anne Catherick. Marian visits Anne\'s doctor, under the guise of being ill. When he refuses to reveal Anne\'s whereabouts, Marian threatens to tell his clients in the waiting room that he made improper advances to her. He tells her that Anne\'s mother was a servant of Marian\'s father. Anne was born out of wedlock and both Anne and her mother were sent to Glyde\'s parents. Anne had first sought his help after having been "morally degraded" at the age of twelve. He reveals the location of her asylum, and tells Marian that Anne placed a lock of hair in Marian\'s father\'s grave when he died. At the asylum, Marian and Hartright are told that Anne is docile but is still given drugs for delusions. They go to her room where a woman dressed in white is staring at the wall. As Marian approaches her, she realizes that it is not Anne, but her sister Laura! They take Laura away from there, but Laura is at first catatonic. Baxter observes Marian and Mr. Hartright going to Marian\'s father\'s grave. Hartright digs up the coffin and finds a box filled with a lock of Anne\'s hair, a will, and Anne\'s diary. They read the documents in the church adjacent to the graveyard. They discover that Anne is another half-sister , that Sir Percival had raped Anne when she was only 12 years old, and that because of this, his father wrote him out of his will. Suddenly, Glyde appears out of hiding, knocks out Hartright and sets the papers on fire. Marian accidentally knocks over a lamp which sets the church alight. Afraid that Glyde is going to kill her, she runs away and locks the doors behind her, trapping him in the church. She manages to drag Hartright\'s body away from the flames. Then, she changes her mind and runs back to help Sir Percival, but the flames have begun to engulf him. Glyde repeats the words, "forgive me" as he burns. Hartright leads Marian away from the church as it explodes and says that the fire will be seen as an accident. Back at Limmeridge, the sisters\' uncle Fairlie makes a public announcement that Mr. Hartright was falsely accused. It is revealed that a conspiracy led to Laura\'s name appearing on Anne\'s grave marker and to the false imprisonment of Laura. Hartright announces his engagement to Laura, who has been restored to sanity. Laura and Mr. Hartright marry and have two children. At the end, Marian reflects that her father\'s abuse of Anne\'s mother started a cycle of abuse. Marian picks up her niece and prays that the cycle has ended.'] ['In 1969, Martin Brice and his friend Cosmo have broken into a university\'s computer and are now hacking into other computer networks. Martin leaves to get a pizza and witnesses the police enter the building and arrest Cosmo. Martin then goes on the run. Twenty years later, Martin, now using the alias "Martin Bishop", runs a tiger team of security specialists who use unorthodox methods of testing physical and electronic security for companies in San Francisco. The team includes: Donald Crease, a former CIA officer and high-strung family man; Darryl "Mother" Roskow, a conspiracy theorist with unsurpassed technical skills and dexterity; Carl Arbogast, a young genius; and Erwin "Whistler" Emory, a blind phone phreak with an acute sense of hearing. One day, Martin is approached by two National Security Agency officers, Dick Gordon and Buddy Wallace, who reveal they are aware of Martin\'s past and true identity. In exchange for clearing his record, as well as a sizable cash payment, they ask Martin to recover a "black box" decoder device that mathematician Dr. Gunter Janek has supposedly been developing for the Russian government under the guise of a company called "Setec Astronomy." Martin recruits his former girlfriend, Liz, a pianist/piano teacher who knows about his double life, to help. His team is ultimately successful in locating and retrieving the box. Whistler becomes curious as to the box\'s function and begins to examine it with Mother and Carl\'s help. They learn that the box contains an advanced algorithm that can essentially break any encryption code, which they prove by breaking into the computer systems of the Federal Aviation Administration, the national power grid, and other heavily secured networks. At the same time, Martin and Liz, along with Crease and his wife, figure out while playing Scrabble that an anagram of "Setec Astronomy" is "too many secrets". Quickly realizing that any government in the world would kill to possess the box, Crease orders a lockdown of the building until they can return the device to the NSA. When Martin and Crease meet the agents to exchange the device, Crease discovers that Janek has been murdered, and interrupts the exchange. The two flee the scene, but only after an unknowing Martin had given the box to the men. They soon learn that Gordon and Wallace were never NSA agents, and that Janek was working on the box for the NSA. Martin turns to a friend from the Russian Consulate, Gregor, who is able to identify Gordon and Wallace as rogue agents. Before Gregor can reveal who they are working for, his limo is pulled over by fake FBI agents, who murder Gregor, and kidnap Martin, framing him for the crime. Martin awakes in an office to find his old friend Cosmo, once thought to have died in prison, alive and well. Cosmo reveals that he developed ties with an organized crime family while incarcerated. Using his hacking skills for their benefit, their influence helped him escape prison and become quite wealthy. He goes on to reveal that he is behind the fake agents, and that he wants the box so that he can destabilize the world\'s economy, thus bringing about the total anarchy the two had believed in back in 1969. Cosmo offers Martin the chance to work with him, but Martin refuses. Bitter over being abandoned by Martin, Cosmo uses the black box to break into the FBI database and connect Martin\'s current alias with his real name, then has his men dump Martin in the city. Martin reunites with his crew and they relocate to Liz\'s apartment. They call the NSA using call routing to prevent tracing and offer to recover the box in exchange for amnesty. While discussing the situation with NSA supervisor Bernard Abbott, their location is almost traced and they decide to steal the box themselves to use as leverage, after they learn that Abbott cannot guarantee their safety without the box. With Whistler\'s help, Martin is able to recreate the route during his kidnapping to a toy company, which is a front for Cosmo\'s schemes. The team identifies Cosmo\'s office, its security features, and the route to enter it, through a neighboring office belonging to nerdy and straight-arrow toy designer Werner Brandes. To obtain the necessary vocal passkeys, the team convinces Liz to go on a rigged computer date with Brandes. Eventually, Brandes becomes suspicious of Liz\'s actions, and brings her to Cosmo; when Liz offhandedly mentions her dissatisfaction with computer dating, Cosmo immediately suspects a plot, realizes Martin is up to something, and locks down the facility. Cosmo tracks Martin to the building\'s rooftop where the rest of the team is escaping, and demands the box at gunpoint. Martin reluctantly hands over the box, tells Cosmo that 1969 had been a prank rather than a cause, and departs. They are gone before Cosmo discovers that Martin has given him a duplicate box. When Martin and his team return to their offices, they are surrounded by armed NSA agents led by Abbott. Martin realizes that the box will only work on American encryption codes, and that the NSA wants it to spy on other U.S. agencies. Before Martin hands over the box, he asks that his record be cleared, and Abbott agrees. Martin prompts the other team members to demand their own personal desires, with Abbott ultimately unable to refuse. Crease get tickets for himself and his wife to go to Portugal, Madrid, Athens and Tahiti. Mother gets a Winnebago with burgundy interior. Carl gets the telephone number of an attractive female NSA officer, and Whistler asks that the government make "peace on earth and goodwill to all men". The box is handed over, but after the agents leave, Martin reveals he took out the key processor that contains the critical algorithm, rendering it useless. In a postscript, we find out somebody has used the processor to steal money from the Republican National Committee, driving it to bankruptcy, and used the stolen money to make massive anonymous donations to Amnesty International, Greenpeace and the United Negro College Fund.'] ['Avinash  comes to Calcutta to search for his only son and finds himself engulfed with too many people interested in him. His only lead is a telephone number given to him by a cop before coming to Calcutta. As soon, as he lands in Calcutta, he needs a place to stay. Here, he meets Reema aka Bulbul , a bubbly novelist who is supposed to be doing research for her novel. The room that Avinash gets is occupied by Bulbul. She refuses to vacate so Avinash stays there too . Bulbul falls in love with Avinash and becomes the light in his dark life. There are flashbacks throughout the movie. Sanjana  and Avinash once lived in Calcutta with their only child, a son. One day, Avinash witnessed a crime being committed and came to the assistance of the victim, taking him to hospital. This did not augur well with his assailants, and they killed Sanjana and abducted their child. The police was involved but was unable to trace the child. A heartbroken and desperate Avinash decides to take matters into his own hands and begins inquiring. His inquiries take him to Mumbai via the Calcutta Mail, and this is where he will find out whether his son is alive or not, or whether he himself has been lured into a deadly trap.'] ['A police officer responds to a 911 call that came from a large home, upon his investigation he comes across an old woman who had apparently died of fright, holding a set of rosary beads. Bryan Beckett  is an overly analytical lawyer, whose lack of true emotion has caused a rift in his marriage. When he gets word that his old aunt had died, he assumes he inherits her home as a result of being her remaining kin. He makes it clear he does not believe in life after death, or many other superstitions and treats her death and funeral like everyday events. His friend and partner at the law firm Sully  has a seizure when they visit the home and warns Bryan not to enter the closet behind the cross. He recovers having no recollection of saying this. Wanting a separation from his wife to "scare her" into accepting his behavior, Bryan decides to spend a few weeks at his aunt\'s home, while he is there several strange occurrences are ignored by him that might hint at haunting behavior; a chest in the upstairs bedroom falls unaided, a large shrine is found in the closet behind a crucifix, and the house is filled with strange unexplained noises and glimpses of what appears to be a woman. Bryan learns that the house was willed to an institute that studies in sleep disorders. Upon investigation, the director Koven shows him another department that deals with psychic energy for scientific research. Though he maintains that they do not believe in the paranormal, Bryan decides to contest the will. But the sounds of whispering about an old trunk send him back. After Koven discounts his theories of voices in his house, Bryan goes to his psychiatrist Shepard (Edward Herrmann who decides that Bryan\'s stress-induced insomnia is to blame. The visions become more vivid, and Cassie  a psychic specimen of Koven\'s arrives to scan the house. She comes to several conclusions that Bryan hadn\'t disclosed, and the strange sound of someone falling down a flight of stairs that only he can hear clearly disturbs him. While going through an old trunk he found in the basement, Bryan and Cassie come across a doll who absolutely terrifies him into an emotional outrage. The next day, he begins to sense recurring memories of his mother abusing him and locking him in the same closet that seems to be the source of the hauntings. Shepard confirms this, and allows Bryan to remember that as a five-year-old, due to the harsh treatment of his mother he consciously placed toys on the stairs, causing her to fall down them to her death. Shepard and Bryan\'s father used Bryan\'s repressed memories to forget about the event entirely and it is this that makes Bryan realize that it is the ghost of his mother haunting the house. He returns to his aunt\'s home, but decides against going in. He sees Cassie\'s car parked in the driveway, but he is unable to reach her and enters the home searching for her. He calls her cell phone only to discover she had not been there that night and her car was gone from the driveway. Bryan storms from the room to escape the house and finds his mother\'s body lying on the floor at the foot of the stairs. The shock causes him to faint and he falls down the stairs, landing where she had died. It is then that he receives a vision of the picnic he had missed on the day before his mother\'s death that she had denied him and locked him in the closet for leaving a sock on the floor when he cleaned his room. It is impressed in this vision that she is apologizing to him for her deeds; then all goes dark and Bryan finds himself at the foot of the stairs as the screen goes dark.'] ['Mel ([[Peyton List  and Jules  are best friends returning to Los Angeles from a trip in Mexico. Seth  and Matt  arrive and introduce themselves to them. Jules takes Mel into the bathroom to help her deal with her motion sickness, where Mel tells her that she has broken up with her fiancé. Mel\'s luggage has been lost in the airport, so she plans to return the next day to collect them. Outside, they board a shuttle bus after its Driver  offers to charge them half the price of a regular shuttle. On board, they meet Andy . Seth and Matt arrive and attempt to board, but the Driver informs them that he must keep a tight schedule and he\'s running behind. Mel informs him that the men are friends of theirs. During the trip, Mel shows Matt her signing skills. While taking an unusual detour, they are run off the road by a car, and the Driver gets out to survey the damage, which turns out to be a flat tire. Jules opts to call a taxi, but there is no service where they are. Matt offers to help change the tire. While his hand is on top of the tire, the Driver looks for some nuts for the wheel. Suddenly, the bus falls off the jack and onto Matt\'s hand, severing his fingers. They quickly drive off to the hospital. During the ride, the Driver calmly pulls over, much to the astonishment of the passengers. He pulls a gun on them and demands cooperation, taking everyone\'s phones and wallets. Mel and Seth argue about doing something, and Mel tells them that they need to stop what is going on. Jules finds a flare under the seat from the safety kit used to bandage Matt\'s hand, and Mel comes up with a plan to get the window open. Andy sees her and causes a commotion. A struggle ensues and the flare is set ablaze. The Driver sees this, stops the bus and removes the flare. Jules runs for the front and finds the door locked and the key missing. The Driver re-enters and slashes Seth\'s face with a switchblade as a warning to the others. He drives them to an indoor ATM booth, and has Jules extract some money. While she is inside, she knocks some paper into a bin and sets it on fire. The Driver sees this, and rushes towards her, but she slams the door. Mel escapes, but the Driver shouts at her that he will let Jules suffocate from smoke inhalation if she doesn\'t return to the bus. She has no choice but to surrender. He then takes them to an all-night supermarket, where he tells Mel to buy "nine items" on a list he\'s written for her and nothing else. On the bus, he chains Seth and Andy together and makes them take valuables and passports from the luggage on board. Seth tells Andy if they get loose, the Driver can only get one of them. Inside, Mel sees a security camera and signs to it that she needs some help, before giving the cashier a note telling her to check the security tapes and to call the police when she leaves. Seth gets free and makes a run for it, only to be run over by the bus. The Driver places the body in the back. He then scolds Mel for buying ice when she didn\'t need to, but she tells him it\'s for Matt\'s fingers. Back in the store, the cashier checks the cameras only to find out they were never switched on. Later, Mel shows Matt a knife she hid in the ice, which she uses to cut their belts off. Matt uses the ice bag to smash the window, and they all shout for help. The Driver walks towards them and pulls out the gun. Mel cuts his wrist with the knife. Matt then hits him over the head with the bag, as Mel grabs the gun and threatens to shoot the Driver. She makes him hand over the keys to the belts, and Jules is able to get herself and Andy free. Mel tries the radio, only to find that it doesn\'t work. She takes the wheel of the bus and drives, leaving Matt with the gun and Andy with the knife. Andy then nonchalantly stabs Matt in the throat, which no one notices at first. He grabs the gun and puts it to Mel\'s head, telling her to get away from the pedals. Andy then reveals himself to be in league with the Driver. Andy torments the girls for a while until the Driver gets him to stop. He drives to a bridge and they throw the bodies off. Later, Mel manages to get a tire iron from under the seat, and keeps it by her side. Andy wraps tape around the girls\' mouths and takes a cuff of their hair. Mel hits him several times with the tire iron and the Driver is forced to stop. She pulls herself free, and the Driver attempts to get the gun, only for her to hit him on the hand, and knock it towards Jules. Mel seizes control and drives away, but he rushes towards her. She slams the brakes and accelerates to throw him about. She reaches for a knife and stabs him in the knee. Andy comes over to attack her but she grabs a fire extinguisher and hits him with it. The bus crashes into a wall during the struggle. After finding Andy dead and the Driver and Mel unconscious, Jules escapes and flags down a passing car. A man gets out, but before he can help her, he is run over by the Driver. He then takes them to a warehouse. The Driver makes Jules dye Mel\'s hair blonde and forcibly removes a tattoo from Jules\' body; he also takes the girls\' driving licences and puts them in a drawer which is already full of other IDs of people the Driver has kidnapped or murdered before. He then makes Mel and Jules strip down to their underwear and wear white high heels for an inspection. The man who inspects them is revealed to be the man that ran them off the road earlier, and the same man who was seen observing them at the airport in the opening scene. The Driver inspects their bags and finds that Jules has Antifungal medication for a yeast infection. Since Jules is of no use to the Driver since he needs the girls to both be in good health, he takes her onto the bus and gasses her with a tube connected to the exhaust. He finds Mel, who threatens to cut her face with a shard of glass, which would make her useless to him as well. Instead, she stabs him in the arm with it. He attempts to disarm her, but she stabs it into his thigh before hitting him in the face with some light fixtures. She finds the gun and shoots him, the bullet skimming his head. Thinking he is dead, she tries to escape in the bus. However, before it can start the Driver attacks her again, and they grapple before he forces her into a large wooden crate, which contains the items Mel purchased earlier in the grocery store: a flashlight, two loaves of bread, two jugs of water, two magazines, kittty litter, a litter box, in addition to her motion sickness pills. Trapped inside the dark crate, Mel also finds a photo of seven young, white women, all naked, blonde and wearing white high heels . The photo depicts the despondent girls in a filthy cell-like pit; obviously these women have been kidnapped by the driver before and have been forced into sexual slavery. It\'s clear Mel is to be sold as a sex slave too. The crate is then loaded by forklift onto a cargo ship destined for East Asia. The purpose of the abduction and the events of the night now clear, Mel begins sobbing as she realizes her fate. The final shot is of Mel\'s lost luggage turning up at the airport with no one to claim it.'] ["Susan Morrison , recently divorced from her husband Frank  who is a struggling ship builder, is getting married to a younger and wealthier Rick Barnes . Danny , Susan and Frank's 12 year old son is clearly unhappy with his mother re-marrying. The revelation that Susan and Rick are having a baby, worsens the situation. Susan asks Frank to allow Rick to go sailing with him and Danny, to help Danny bond with and accept Rick as a stepfather. After the marriage and a brief improvement in Danny and Rick's relationship, Danny begins to dislike him once again. During a game of catch between the two, Rick clearly becomes agitated with Danny's ambivalent playing style and starts criticising him harshly as well as dealing some hard throws toward Danny. After finding out about the baby, Danny stows away in Rick's Chevy Suburban, planning to drop off it en route and visit his Dad. But while inside the car, he witnesses Rick murdering mysterious stranger Ray Coleman , who earlier attended the wedding unannounced, claiming to be an ex-business associate of Rick. Danny reports the murder to Frank and the local police. Rick however, has managed to dispose of most of the evidence, and is widely considered a pillar of the local community as he has invested plenty of money in the area, whereas Danny has a history of lying and misdemeanors. Frank believes his son though because of their own close relationship and his own suspicions, stemming from Rick's notable unease around Coleman at the ceremony. Frank does some investigating of his own and unearths Rick's criminal past which now stand to put his son and ex-wife in risk. Frank learns that Rick's real name is Jack Parnell and he's a criminal who was acquitted while his partners, which included Coleman, were convicted. Jack tries to kill Frank by setting his boathouse on fire, but Frank manages to escape. Susan realizes the truth when she notes a large burn on Jack's arm, having heard about the fire at the boathouse hours earlier. Susan tries to escape with Danny but Jack knocks her out and takes Danny as a hostage. Frank arrives to confront Jack, as he tries to flee. In the ensuing fight, Jack is killed when a tied-up Danny pushes him to a fuse box, electrocuting him. We see that Susan has no serious physical injury from the conflict, although we learn she miscarries her child."] ["An actor is killed during the performance of a play while critic Tony Woolrich ([[Dave O'Brien  is attending. Initially Woolrich is reluctant to investigate, even though he's encouraged to by his friend Romeo, who is also the taxi driver who brought him to the show, and acts as a sort of sidekick throughout the story. Later Tony is chewed out by his editor for not investigating when he happened to be at the scene of the crime, and so he takes an initially reluctant interest. Tony becomes more involved in the investigation when there is another murder, and when Claudia Moore , the girl he loves, is suspected, and is also possibly threatened by the killer.  {{Empty section}}"] ['Freddy Gale  has been tormented for five years after the death of his daughter Emily. Once a devoted husband and father, his anguish costs him his family, happiness, and morality. Now the drunk driver who killed her, John Booth ([[David Morse , is released from prison. Freddy immediately reveals to his ex-wife Mary  his plot to kill him in revenge for taking his daughter and life away from him. John Booth is now living in a trailer outside of his parents\' house and merely plans to go on with his life, despite the fact that he is forever haunted and changed after killing Emily Gale. At night Freddy arrives at the Booth residence, armed with a pistol. He clumsily breaks into the trailer trying to shoot, but he forgot to load a magazine. John calmly tells him he won\'t call the police and will let Freddy kill him, but asks for some time to savor his freedom. Freddy is enraged but he accepts and gives John three days to live. John tries to live his life as best as he can before the third day arrives. He meets an artist named JoJo ([[Robin Wright  at a friend\'s party and he has a brief romance with her before she realizes that he can\'t let go of the mistake he made. He reveals to her that when he hit Emily Gale, he came to her side as she was dying and she apologised to him for "not having looked both ways". Freddy is now even worse off than he was before, he drinks excessively and starts sleeping with more prostitutes than usual. He even gets up in the middle of the night and goes to a club to find a hired dancer. Everyone around him, even a prostitute who truly cares for him, is shut off due to his lust for vengeance. Near the end of the film, it is the third day where Freddy will kill John. Freddy calls Mary and breaks down in tears as he tells her of a terrible nightmare he had. In the nightmare, he is driving by his daughter\'s school and stops at a crosswalk where children  wait. He sees that John Booth is the crossing guard. Freddy then sees himself run over all of the children, even Emily. They meet at a diner where they both talk about the past, how Freddy used to be a strong man until Emily was killed and how they made a good husband and wife. Though when Mary tells him he is beyond help, he angrily curses her. After Mary leaves, Freddy drunkenly starts to drive to John\'s house. John awaits in his trailer preparing himself, he stands waiting and applauding Freddy\'s imminent arrival. Freddy is however pulled over by the police; after a series of tests that he passes they begin to arrest him for drunk driving anyway. Freddy however grabs his gun and runs away. He breaks into a home and hides in a little girl\'s room. The girl guides the police away, Freddy sees his daughter in her and tells her goodnight. Freddy arrives at John\'s trailer and waits before he enters. John abruptly jumps from a corner with a rifle in hand. Freddy tells him since he is on the run, on his property, and armed, John should be able to get away with killing him. There is a standoff as they point guns at each other. John however drops his gun and runs away; Freddy follows him. After a lengthy chase across the city, Freddy catches John climbing a fence and fires at him. For a moment it looks as if John is dead, but he was only grazed and continues on. Even though he has had enough, Freddy follows him, until he realizes that John has led him to a graveyard and to Emily\'s grave. Freddy had never had the courage to visit his daughter\'s grave and John couldn\'t visit earlier when he saw Mary there. John talks silently to the grave and finally says "Your daddy\'s coming". Freddy gives John the gun and cries over the grave apologizing to his daughter. Freddy and John reconcile as the sun rises.'] ['A couple is seen being tortured. After "Sarah" escapes from her bondings, her boyfriend tells her to run and is killed. Sarah runs from a figure in a black trench coat and a modified sickle. When Sarah is trapped on the edge of a cliff, she jumps off the cliff and is killed when she hits the ground. The following scene shows another couple: Sheryl and Mike go on a hiking trip for the week. Though they are told by the park ranger that they should take the beginner\'s trail, the couple decides to go on the trail called "Timber Falls" at the advice of a friendly woman. The two meet a group of unfriendly hunters, and the couple is warned by the hunters that they should be careful about what they do in the woods, as some residents there do not take kindly to certain actions. Sheryl convinces Mike to empty his handgun of bullets, thinking there is nothing to worry about. The couple sets up camp after hiking down the trail and meeting up with another park ranger. The couple goes to sleep, not noticing the shadowy figure that spies on them during the night. In the morning, Sheryl goes down to a lake to bathe. Though not shown on-screen, Sheryl is kidnapped by an unknown person. Mike wakes up and finds that Sheryl is missing. He tries to find her, and sees two of the hunters he and Sheryl encountered the previous day. He sees one of them holding one of Sheryl\'s articles of clothing. Believing they kidnapped her, he hits one of them over the head with a log, causing one hunter to run away. After taking the hunter\'s shotgun, Mike demands that the hunter tells him where Sheryl is. Though the hunter tells Mike he hasn\'t seen her since the day before, Mike knocks him out by hitting him with the stock of the shotgun after the hunter tries to attack him with a knife. Mike leaves the hunter for dead, and continues his search for Sheryl. He soon gets his foot caught in a bear trap. He slowly faints. After he wakes up, he finds himself in a cabin. The cabin, owned by Ida Forester, who was the woman Mike and Sheryl saw the day before. She nurses him back to health, and assures Mike that she will contact the sheriff via the radio upstairs. Mike believes that Ida stole his wallet as she calls him by his real name "Michael". He claims that no stranger could figure that out so easily because he told very few people what his real name was, and claims that she stole his wallet and his I.D. She denies this, but he begins demanding that she let him use the radio. Ida and Mike engage in a fight, ending in the wounded Mike apparently knocking out Ida. Mike rushes upstairs to use the radio, only to find it does not work. The camera then goes to Sheryl and shows her running away from a strange figure in a black trench coat. She finds the same park ranger they saw on the trail, only to find out he is allied with the man who was chasing Sheryl. It is revealed that this happened before Ida found Mike, as when Mike enters the cabin\'s basement, he finds Sheryl there, strapped to a chair. The basement of the cabin is shown as some sort of shrine, with a shelf of prematurely born babies in jars with name plates on the jars, a room which appears to be a containment room, and a room that appears to be a torture room. Mike, after finding Sheryl, is captured by Clyde, Ida, and Ida\'s brother Deacon, whose face is horribly disfigured. The family is shown to be a group of insane religious fanatics, believing that capturing the couple is for a good purpose. After Ida describes having seen the couple having sex in their tent a few days previously, she and Clyde tell the couple that the punishment for their sins is for them to have a child for Ida and Clyde, due to Ida not being able to have a baby successfully. Mike and Sheryl are forced to marry, and over the course of three days, Ida and Clyde force them to attempt to have a child, brutally torturing them if they do not. Sheryl and Mike decide not to have a baby, for both know that when they do have a child, Ida and Clyde obviously will kill them. After a few days pass, two of the men Sheryl and Mike met days before hear about the missing couple, and decide that something strange is going on at Ida and Clyde\'s home. The two journey there on the third night that Mike and Sheryl have been captured. One goes through the front door, the other find a secret door to the cabin\'s basement. The man who goes through the hidden door is killed by Clyde, only after Mike manages to yell for help. As the other man enters the basement, he is shot and killed by Ida. After Ida and Clyde come down to the basement and gloat about there being no rescue coming for Sheryl and Mike, Sheryl begins laughing hysterically. She tells Ida that she has already gotten pregnant with Mike before they went on the hiking trip, telling Ida that the child was conceived "in sin". Ida, in shock, drops the small blade she was going to mutilate Sheryl with. After Ida leaves the room, Mike quickly picks up the blade and slashes Clyde\'s throat. The couple then knocks out Ida, and Mike shoots Clyde in the head with the shotgun Ida had, mocking what Clyde had said earlier by saying, "I understand your extreme circumstances, but punishment must be handed down" before he shoots him. After hobbling out of the basement, the couple exits the basement and prepares to leave the cabin. Mike tells Sheryl to run for help, and as she does, she is confronted by Deacon in the cabin. After a chase, she sets him on fire by pouring moonshine on him and then a lit match. She picks up his sickle and enters the cabin to get Mike. Ida charges out of the basement and stabs Mike with a knife; Sheryl quickly decapitates her with the sickle she took from Deacon. A year has passed as we see the couple putting their baby to bed, leaving the room. As the movie ends the camera fades over to the window where Deacon\'s sickle is suddenly shown.'] ["Rajini's parents are killed by Thengai Srinivasan. He is adopted and brought up by a rich man. After many years Rajini finds out that Thengai Srinivasan has been stealing body parts, especially eyes. How Rajini takes revenge on him forms the crux of the story."] ["Charlie Cox  is a divorced writer who lives in Los Angeles. Charlie and his daughter Joleen  are on their way home from a cross country vacation when they run out of gas in Banco, Nevada—a small town located in a remote part of the desert. It's the day before Joleen's 14th birthday. When they stop in the Banco Supermarket, they notice that there's no one behind the counter, but sheriff Bill Childers  is in the store. When Joleen looks at the floor behind the counter, she screams. That's because she has just seen the body of the store's owner, Ferrell Hovis, in a pool of blood. Charlie and Joleen later check a nearby gas station owned by a friendly Vietnam war veteran named Duckett , but Duckett is not expecting to have any gas delivered to the station for at least another day, so Charlie and Joleen check into the nearby Palomino Guest Ranch and Trailer Park, which is owned by an abusive landlady named Agnes Reed . Joleen soon meets Agnes's teenage son Jimmy Reed . On that night, while Agnes is taking a bath, Agnes is killed when a hand reaches in through her bathroom window and pushes a small fan into the bathtub water, electrocuting Agnes. That night, Charlie and Joleen also meet their neighbors, fellow travelers Louise  and Amy . On the next day, when Jimmy tries to rape Joleen, Joleen is rescued by Pinky Sears , another teenager who lives at the guest ranch. Later that day, Charlie and Joleen agree to car pool with Louise and Amy, and that night, as they are about to leave the guest ranch, the killer blows up the car—with Amy in it—to prevent Joleen from leaving. The killer is now obsessed with Joleen, whose diary is stolen by the killer. On the next day, when Jimmy tries to rob Duckett's gas station, Jimmy is accused not only of trying to rob the gas station, but he's also accused of the murders of Ferrell, Agnes, and Amy. Duckett goes to Pinky's trailer, where he discovers that Pinky's mother has been dead for some time, and her body is covered with bags of ice. Pinky, who is the killer, shows up and stabs Duckett with a screwdriver, and then Pinky leaves. When Joleen goes to Pinky's hideaway to hang out with him, she finds her diary, and comes to the realization that Pinky is the killer. When Duckett radios Bill's car and tells Bill and Charlie that Pinky has Joleen, Bill and Charlie head to the hideaway to find Pinky and Joleen, and at the hideaway, Pinky kills Bill. Pinky chases Joleen up to the top platform on a nearby radio tower. Charlie tries to get up on the platform, but Pinky stops Charlie by cutting Charlie's hand. Pinky says that he thought Joleen loved him. Duckett, who is sitting in a nearby vehicle with a rifle in his hands, fires a shot that causes Pinky to fall off of the tower. Pinky dies when he lands in a large satellite dish below. Later, Duckett explains about Pinky keeping his mother's body iced, and then explains what he has figured out—that Pinky started slipping over the edge before Pinky ever met Joleen. Pinky has been keeping ice on his mother's body and leaving her TV on because he didn't want to believe that she got sick and died, he really didn't want to believe she was gone. Pinky had to somehow get food for himself, so when Pinky went to the supermarket to get food, and Ferrell denied him, he killed Ferrell. Pinky had to live somewhere, so when Agnes went after Pinky, angrily demanding that Pinky pay rent that he couldn't afford, Pinky killed Agnes. Pinky became obsessed with Joleen, so when Joleen, Charlie, Amy, and Louise went to leave, Pinky blew up the car with Amy in it to stop Joleen from leaving. Charlie, Joleen, and Louise leave Banco, and they head home to California."] ["Crime boss Rusty Pirone  is about to stand trial again and Daniel Graham  of the district attorney's office is determined this time to put him behind bars. Pirone sends one of his henchmen, a burned-out ex-cop named Tommy Vesey , to threaten Valerie Alston , a juror. Unless she cooperates by finding Pirone innocent and deadlocking the jury, Vesey intends to do harm to Valerie's young son. Eleven jurors vote guilty. Valerie incurs the wrath of the others, who feel Pirone's guilt is obvious. One by one, though, she begins to persuade others to vote her way. Pirone goes free. Graham is furious and, when he discovers Valerie's role in the verdict, he begins to pressure her. Valerie is adamant that she has done nothing wrong and feels that she has protected her son, but Pirone won't leave it at that. He forces himself sexually on her and continues to make veiled threats against her life. Vesey's conscience gets the better of him and he intervenes in an attempt by Pirone's jealous woman, Wanda, to have Valerie killed. Vesey dies in the act of saving Valerie's life. With nowhere else to turn, Valerie decides to seduce Pirone at his home, then kill him herself."] ["The film takes place in a theater late at night as a troupe of actors are rehearsing a musical about a mass murderer known as the Night Owl. The show's leading lady, Alicia , sprains her ankle and she and the wardrobe mistress, Betty , sneak out of the rehearsal to go to a doctor. But the closest medical facility is a mental hospital. The psychiatrist on duty is only happy to help, but the wardrobe mistress notices a restrained patient on a bed lying in a room behind bars. The doctor tells them that it is Irving Wallace, a former actor who went berserk and killed over a dozen people. Unbeknownst to any of them, Wallace has killed one of the attendants with a syringe and sneaked out of the asylum, hiding in the back of Betty's car. Once they arrive back at the theater the over-bearing director  fires Alicia for leaving during rehearsal. She packs her things and gets ready to leave, but makes a terrifying discovery in the parking lot...Betty's murdered corpse. After the police have taken the body away and stationed two patrol officers in the parking lot to keep an eye on the premises, the director has one of his actresses hide the theater's key so no one can leave, as he has decided to alter the play's script. Instead of being an anonymous killer, he renames the show's antagonist Irving Wallace, and he wants everyone to stay the night and begin immediate rehearsals with the new material. But things become even more nightmarish when the real Wallace disembowels the actress who hid the key, and the remaining members of the cast and crew realize that there is no way to escape the psychopath's clutches."] ['Sherlock Holmes  and Dr. Watson  come out of retirement to investigate a mysterious murder. They find that an American criminal organization called The Scowrers has asked evil mastermind Professor Moriarty  to wreak vengeance on the informant  who sent them to prison. Holmes outsmarts Moriarty, solves the murder, and brings Moriarty to justice.  {{Empty section}}'] ['Don Gregor, the son of a plastic surgeon, is jailed by the police for carrying an unlicensed handgun. Inspector Johns and Lt. Lawrence suspect he is an associate of gangster Vic Brady. Don’s sister Marilyn bails her brother out of jail, and the siblings agree to keep their father uninformed about Don’s indiscretions. Dr. Gregor is aware of his son’s secret life, but believes Don is a good person and that everything will “straighten itself out nicely.” Brady plans to rob a theater. Don is reluctant to become involved but is bullied into participating by Brady. During the robbery, Don kills a night watchman and Brady wounds the theater’s bookkeeper. The two crooks get away with the theater’s payroll. but Brady senses Don is having second thoughts about his involvement. Fearing Don will turn himself in to the police, Brady kills him and stuffs his body into a closet. In order to elude the police, Brady decides to undergo plastic surgery. He contacts Dr. Gregor, telling him he is holding his son hostage until plastic surgery is completed. Dr. Gregor begins the surgery in Brady‘s apartment, but discovers his son’s corpse in the closet. He controls himself, and completes the surgery. Two weeks later, Brady’s bandages are removed, and, to the everyone‘s horror and amazement, Brady’s facial features are exactly those of Don‘s. The police arrive with the theater bookkeeper who identifies “Don” as the man who killed the night watchman. Brady makes a break for it, but dies in a shoot-out with the police.'] ['During a homicide investigation, FBI agent Terry McCaleb goes outside to address the media when he spots the killer in the crowd. But the chase ends after McCaleb suffers a heart attack. Now retired, he lives in a houseboat on the Long Beach bay. He has been given a second chance at life by receiving the heart of a murder victim. He is approached by a woman named Graciella Rivers, whose sister was killed during a robbery and asks him to solve the case. It gets personal when McCaleb realizes the victim was the woman whose heart was transplanted into him. McCaleb defies the advice of his physician, Dr. Bonnie Fox, and sets out to find the killer with the help of his neighbor Buddy Noone, who lives on a houseboat near his, and a local police detective, Jaye Winston.'] ["{{expand section}} in the same fashion as he did with the kids' parents' car, the car runs over a cliff. The loan shark thug is killed, but Terry survives, although heavily wounded. Meanwhile, the children are being driven in a police car. The policeman stops at the scene of the accident and is knocked out by Terry when investigating. After climbing back up the embankment, armed with a gun, Terry tries to lure Ruby and Rhett towards him. Ruby hits Terry with the police car, killing him instantly. In the end, Ruby and Rhett end up living with their uncle Jack who takes them to Chicago where they visit the grave of their parents."] ['Criminal defense attorney Mickey Haller  operates around Los Angeles County out of his black Lincoln Town Car. Haller has spent most of his career defending garden-variety criminals, including a member of a local biker gang, until he lands the case of his career: Louis Roulet , a Beverly Hills playboy and son of real estate mogul Mary Windsor , is accused of the brutal beating of prostitute Reggie Campo. Haller thinks Roulet is innocent, having simply been at the wrong place at the wrong time. Haller and his investigator Frank Levin  analyze the pictures and evidence, notably the injuries the victim sustained. It bears a similarity to a past case of Haller\'s that landed a previous client, Jesus Martinez , in prison for life for murdering a Donna Renteria, despite always proclaiming his innocence. Haller has a daughter with his ex-wife, prosecutor Maggie McPherson , who has never appreciated Haller\'s efforts on behalf of guilty clients. Haller begins to wonder if he should have tried harder on behalf of Martinez instead of convincing him to plead guilty in exchange for avoiding the death penalty. Martinez becomes agitated when Haller visits him at San Quentin and shows him Roulet\'s picture. Haller begins to suspect that Roulet could be the real killer in the Martinez case, but bound by attorney–client confidentiality rules, he cannot tell the police what he has learned. That night, Roulet breaks into Haller\'s house, nonchalantly admits to committing the murder that put Martinez in prison, and makes veiled threats toward Haller\'s family. Levin is shot to death after leaving a voicemail message claiming that he has found Martinez\'s ticket out of jail. The murder weapon used in Levin\'s murder is a .22 caliber pistol. Haller rushes to his home to find his .22 Colt Woodsman is missing from its carrier box. Haller is suspected of killing Levin because the police discover that a Colt Woodsman is registered to Haller. Haller believes it was stolen by Roulet after he broke into Haller\'s home. Obliged to do his best for his client, guilty or not, Haller ruthlessly cross-examines the prostitute and discredits her in the jury\'s eyes. However, Haller sets up a known prison informant with information on the previous murder. When the informant testifies, Haller discredits him and the state later moves to dismiss all charges in the current case. Roulet is set free, but the police then arrests him immediately for the previous murder based upon testimony Haller had coaxed out of the informant. Haller acquires a Smith and Wesson pistol from his driver, Earl , as a precaution against any retribution he may face. Roulet is released due to lack of evidence and sets out immediately to kill Haller\'s wife and child, but Haller finds out in time to get them out of the house. He is waiting as Roulet arrives and Haller draws his gun. Roulet mockingly tells Haller he won\'t be able to guard his family this way every day. Just then, a group of bikers whom Haller has previously represented starts bashing Roulet\'s Maserati and they brutally beat Roulet. As Haller walks away, he says: "The hospital, not the morgue." He gets a call from Maggie that a parking ticket was issued to Roulet near the house of the previous murder victim, strong evidence against Roulet in his pending murder trial that will support Martinez\'s release. Upon arriving home, Haller discovers Roulet\'s mother, Mary Windsor, inside. She shoots him with the Colt Woodsman, the same one that killed Levin, confessing that she committed that murder to protect her son. Haller, wounded, draws the Smith and Wesson pistol that Earl got for him and shoots Mary Windsor, killing her. Upon being discharged from the hospital, Haller learns that Martinez has been released and the District Attorney will seek the death penalty against Roulet. Haller rides off to his next case: the biker gang, which he takes pro bono because of their previous help.'] ['Claire  is a woman from Quebec who gets in trouble with the vengeful heroin dealers she helped finger. They retaliate by burning her out of her apartment. Frightened and in need of refuge, she heads to Toronto for to stay with ex-lover photographer Billy Stuart . She speaks only French, she understands little English and speaks even less, she finds herself in the wrong place at the wrong time all too often. Claire has difficulties finding Billy but continues her search for him as the cops continue to search for her. She finally finds his gallery along with some photographs that he had taken of her in her sleep, he knew she hated having her picture taken. The exhibition of his work is opening and it seems to consist mostly of pictures of her. Mickey Rourke played sleazy gangster Eddie and Gina Gershon portrays his tough-as-nails moll Lily Warden.'] ['Four international criminals on the run from the law hide out in a remote village in Nicaragua whose economy is dependent on a major oil company. An oil well over 200 miles away has caught fire and can be extinguished only with explosives. The criminals are given a chance to earn a great deal of money, no questions asked, by driving trucks carrying unstable dynamite to the blaze. Because they were improperly stored, the sticks are now "sweating" nitroglycerin and could detonate if subjected to shock or vibration. Driving in teams of two, they meet various hazards on their journey, including a dilapidated rope-suspension bridge swinging violently in a huge storm over a flood-swollen river, a massive tree blocking the road, and a number of desperate, dangerous bandits.'] ['A joint military operation between Russian and U.S. special operations forces ends with the capture of General Ivan Radek , the dictator of a rogue terrorist regime in Kazakhstan that had taken possession of an arsenal of former Soviet nuclear weapons. A diplomatic dinner is held in Moscow to celebrate the operation, at which President of the United States James Marshall  expresses his remorse that action had not been taken sooner to prevent the suffering that Radek caused and vows that the his administration will take a firmer stance against despotism and refuse to negotiate with terrorists. President Marshall, along with his wife Grace , his daughter Alice , and several of his Cabinet and advisers board Air Force One to return to the United States. A contingent of news reporters are also aboard. U.S. Secret Service agent Gibbs , acting as a mole for a group of six Soviet ultranationalist terrorists led by Ivan Korshunov , sneaks them onto the plane disguised as a Russian news crew. Once in flight, Gibbs kills several secret service agents guarding the plane\'s armory, allowing Korshunov and his men to take the armory\'s weapons and equipment and seize control of the plane. The pilots attempt to land the plane at Ramstein Air Base in Germany, but are killed and the terrorists\' pilot takes control, diverting the plane towards Kazakhstan. U.S. Secret Service agents take Marshall to an escape pod in the cargo hold, while the rest of the passengers are taken hostage. Believing the President has escaped, the hijackers separate his wife and daughter from the rest of their hostages, planning to use them as leverage. At the White House Situation Room, Korshunov contacts Vice President of the United States Kathryn Bennett  threatening to kill a hostage every half hour until Radek is released. Meanwhile, the U.S. military locates the escape pod but finds it empty. Unbeknownst to the hijackers, President Marshall, a retired military aviator, veteran of the Vietnam War, and Medal of Honor recipient, stayed aboard the plane. He contacts the White House via satellite phone, and reminds Bennett not to negotiate with the terrorists. Marshall manages to overwhelm the men guarding the hostages and develops a plan to drain the fuel from the plane, forcing the hijackers to request mid-air refueling, which would drop the plane to a low enough altitude to allow the hostages to parachute out. Though his advisers insist Marshall leave, he refuses to go without his family. When Korshunov discovers the deception, he forces the plane away, causing the fuel to ignite and destroy the fueling plane, he then captures Marshall and a few of his advisors before they can escape. With Marshall and his family held hostage, Bennett is forced to contact Russian President Petrov to issue Radek\'s release. Korshunov and his men celebrate as the event is broadcast over the plane\'s speakers, but Marshall uses the distraction to free himself. While Marshall\'s advisers deal with the remaining terrorists, Korshunov grabs Grace and disappears to the plane\'s parachute ramp, followed by Marshall. Grace manages to get away, and Marshall wrestles with Korshunov, eventually forcing his chute, wrapped around Korshunov\'s neck, to open, pulling him out of the plane and killing him. Marshall races back to the communication room to announce his freedom just as Radek is about to board a waiting helicopter. When the prison guards attempt to recapture him, Radek tries to flee but is shot and killed. Marshall directs Air Force One back towards friendly airspace, but they are soon followed by Kazakh MiG-29s piloted by Radek loyalists. Escorting U.S. F-15s fend off the attack, including one pilot that sacrifices himself to intercept a missile, but the shrapnel from the explosion destroys Air Force One\'s tail controls, sending the plane towards the Caspian Sea. A nearby patrolling U.S. Air Force Special Operations Command MC-130E Combat Talon is called in to rescue Marshall and the others via zip-line; Marshall insists his family and advisers are rescued first. Gibbs, who had remained on the plane, reveals his betrayal and kills Major Caldwell, and attempts to save himself on the last zip-line crossing before Air Force One strikes the water. Marshall overpowers him, and grabs and detaches the zip line moments before the plane explosively disintegrates on hitting the water. The MC-130E crew reel in the President, and change their call sign to "Air Force One" as they head back towards friendly airspace, while Marshall is reunited with his family.'] ["Manhattan psychiatrist Dr. Sam Rice  is visited by glamorous, enigmatic Brooke Reynolds , who works at Crispin's - an art auction house apparently modeled after Christie's. Brooke was having an affair with one of Rice's patients, George Bynum , who has just been murdered. Brooke asks the doctor to return a watch to Bynum's wife and not reveal the affair. Rice is visited by NYPD Detective Vitucci  but refuses to give any information on Bynum, a patient for two years. After the police warn him that he could become a target because the killer may believe he knows something, Rice reviews the case files detailing Bynum's affairs with various women at Crispin's, including Brooke. Bynum had also expressed concern, claiming a wealthy friend had once killed someone, and Bynum was the only person who knew about this. He wondered if this friend might kill again. The police believe Bynum's killer is a woman. Rice gradually falls for Brooke but believes he is being followed. He is mugged by someone who takes his coat, whereupon the mugger is killed in the same manner as Bynum. Rice tries to interpret clues from the case file with his psychiatrist mother, Grace , including a strange dream of Bynum's in which he finds a green box in a cabinet in a dark house and is then chased up a narrow staircase by a little girl carrying a bleeding teddy bear. Brooke's behavior becomes increasingly suspicious. Rice tails her to a family estate on Long Island. She explains her guilt in the accidental death of her father, and claims Bynum threatened to reveal this secret if she broke off their affair. Rice pieces together that Bynum's previous girlfriend was Gail Peters  who blames Brooke for their breakup. Peters is trying to frame Brooke and she has killed Vitucci. Now she arrives at the estate to kill Brooke and Rice. As they are about to leave, Brooke forgets her keys and goes back into the dark house, alone, to retrieve them, while Rice waits in his car. Gail appears in the back seat of the car and stabs Rice with a knife. Gail then chases Brooke through the house, recapitulating Bynum's dream. Brooke narrowly escapes, as Gail falls to her death over a railing. Sam is not seriously hurt and is embraced by Brooke."] ['Steven Taylor  is a Wall Street hedge fund manager whose investments and speculations allow him to live an extravagant upper class lifestyle with his much younger wife Emily . Unfortunately for Taylor, his illegal investments are unraveling; to alleviate the pressure being put on him by large upcoming margin payments he will need his wife\'s personal fortune  to maintain that status and lifestyle. Emily seems a faithful wife, but in reality she is having an affair with a painter, David Shaw  and is considering leaving her husband. Emily thinks she is safe, but Steven knows everything about the affair. He has also been able to uncover David’s past as an ex-convict whose real name is Winston Lagrange and who has a habit of conning rich women out of their money. Steven goes to David\'s loft, where Emily has accidentally left her wedding ring. Once there he confronts the con man and reveals his knowledge of David\'s past. Steven then makes him an offer of $500,000 cash to murder his wife. At first David wants nothing to do with the plan, claiming instead that Emily and he are in love. David asks what is to stop him from going straight to Emily or to the police with this information. Steven replies that it would be his word against David\'s, and that he knows of a previous crime David committed in Boca Raton, Florida, taking off with a lady\'s bearer bonds. Steven has an acquaintance who has a photograph of the suspect and all they would need is David\'s real name. Steven then reminds David that he already has two strikes against him, and this third arrest would be enough to send him to prison for fifteen years without parole. Steven instructs David to come by his apartment at around 12 o\' clock the following day. Steven has already laid out a detailed plan which will supply him with a firm alibi. He will hide Emily\'s latchkey outside the service entrance to his apartment. Steven will then go out for his regular card game, during which time his wife usually stays in and takes a bath. David is to sneak in and at 10 pm, when Steven phones Emily, kill her and make it look like a robbery. The following evening, when Emily arrives home, Steven removes the key from her keychain and hides it as planned. She has decided to tell Steven about her affair and asks him to stay home to talk; he refuses however and then leaves. At 10 o\'clock that night Steven takes a break from his card game and uses his cellphone to make a call to an automated bank number while using a second phone to call his house. Emily leaves her bath to answer the phone but is attacked in the kitchen by a masked assailant; during their struggle she manages to kill the attacker by stabbing him in the neck with a meat thermometer. Steven returns and is shocked to find his wife alive and the hired killer dead. Before the police arrive he takes the key from the killer\'s pocket and puts it back on Emily\'s keychain. Police arrive, led by Detective Karaman , who asks the couple questions about the night\'s events. When they remove the assailant\'s mask it is not David but someone he hired to do the job. Steven takes Emily to her mother\'s house, from where Emily attempts to call David to let him know that she is all right. David, who was under the impression that she was dead, doesn\'t answer in time. Steven has noticed Emily making a call so he uses the redial button; David picks up and Steven asks him to meet on a ferry boat. They recap what happened and decide to wait until Steven has another plan. Emily tells her mother that she is planning to leave Steven. When she returns home, Emily lets her husband know she will be staying with her friend Raquel. She learns of Steven\'s serious financial trouble and Raquel questions her about the inheritance he would receive if she died. Emily tells the detective about this development, acknowledging that Steven might have a motive in her attack. David has made a tape of Steven detailing the whole plan and demands the money promised earlier for her murder. Emily meanwhile has noticed that the key on her keychain doesn\'t belong to their home; suspecting something she goes to the apartment of the dead assailant, having previously remembered the address from his file shown to her by the police detective. Once there, she discovers that her key unlocks his door. Emily confronts her husband with this and the knowledge of his financial problems. To her amazement he exposes David\'s sordid past and accuses him of being a blackmailer who has been conning her and threatening him for some time. When he saw the attacker\'s dead body in their kitchen he assumed it was David and took the key from his pocket so as not to implicate Emily in any way. Steven goes to David\'s loft to pay him but finds a note directing him to meet in a public place. The phone rings and Steven picks up thinking it\'s David, but it\'s a ticketing agent confirming David\'s train out of the city. Steven meets David in a park and hands over the money; David gives him a copy of the tape and then leaves to board a train to Montreal. Once on the train and assuming he is safe he opens the bathroom door in his cabin; Steven lunges out and stabs him. A dying David claims to have the last laugh because he sent another copy of the tape to Emily. Steven rushes home to try to get the tape before she can. At the apartment, he finds the mail still unopened while Emily is on the terrace. He hides the money and tape in his safe before Emily enters the room. Thinking he is safe, Steven takes a shower, but Emily sees the empty bag that contained the money. She manages to open the safe, finds the tape and listens to it. Steven returns and she reminds him that she still hasn\'t found her key. Emily pretends to leave to pick up food for dinner. Steven goes to the service entrance where he originally left the key for David to find. He finds it, and realizes that the killer had put the key back after using it to unlock the door. Emily confronts him, revealing that she knows everything now. Steven attacks her, but she has a gun and kills him. In the final scene, the police investigate the scene as Karaman and Emily listen to the tape, and Emily then confesses what happened. Karaman shows gratitude and says "May God be with you" in Arabic. Emily responds "And you as well".'] ['A group of criminals carry out a daring robbery of an armoured van. Two of the criminals are betrayed by the mastermind of the operation. After ten years in prison they come out and search for the man behind the crimes who betrayed them. But the police are on their tail also wanting to find out who was behind the robbery.  {{Empty section}}'] ['Set in a world devastated by a neurological pandemic, the film focuses on two survivors who meet on an isolated farm in Scotland, where they encounter an enemy even deadlier than the one outside. Though ostensibly a zombie film, the film concentrates on the psychological states of the lead characters.{{cite news}}'] ['Dr. Malcolm Crowe , a child psychologist in Philadelphia, returns home one night with his wife, Anna Crowe , after having been honored for his work. Anna tells Crowe that everything is second to his work. The two then discover that they are not alone; a young man appears brandishing a gun. He says that he does not want to be afraid anymore and accuses Crowe of failing him. Crowe recognizes him as Vincent Gray , a former patient whom he treated as a child for hallucinations. Gray shoots Crowe in the abdomen, and seconds later kills himself with the gun. The next autumn, Crowe begins working with another patient, nine-year-old Cole Sear , who has a condition similar to Vincent\'s. Crowe becomes dedicated to the boy, though he is haunted by doubts over his ability to help him after his failure with Vincent. Meanwhile, his relationship with his wife has deteriorated to the point where she ignores him and refuses to talk to him. Crowe believes that she may be contemplating a romance with a coworker who keeps coming around the house although this elicits sadness from him not anger. Crowe also repeatedly has difficulty opening the door to his basement office. Once Crowe earns his trust, Cole eventually confides in him that he "sees dead people... walking around like regular people". One ghost who appears to Cole is an overworked wife, abused by her husband, who has slit her wrists. Another that tries to hurt Cole is only heard as a voice who pleads with Cole to let him out of a dark cupboard, then yells that he didn\'t steal "the Master\'s horse" and threatens to attack Cole. A third ghost is a boy with a large gunshot exit wound on the back of his head who asks Cole to come with him to find his father\'s gun. Though Crowe at first thinks Cole is delusional, he eventually comes to believe that Cole is telling the truth and that Vincent may have had the same ability to perceive ghosts. He suggests to Cole that he should try to find a purpose for his gift by communicating with the ghosts and perhaps aid them with their unfinished business on Earth. Cole at first does not want to since the ghosts terrify him, but he finally decides to try it. He talks to one of the ghosts, a very ill girl who appears in his bedroom and promptly vomits in his tent. He finds where the girl, Kyra Collins , lived and goes to her house during her funeral reception. Kyra died after a prolonged illness and funeral guests note that Kyra\'s younger sister is starting to get sick, too. Kyra\'s ghost appears and gives Cole a box, which is opened to reveal a videotape. When Cole gives it to Kyra\'s father, the videotape shows Kyra\'s stepmother putting floor cleaner fluid in Kyra\'s food{{cite web}} while she cared for Kyra during her illness. Cole confesses his secret to his mother, Lynn . Although his mother at first does not believe him, Cole soon tells Lynn that her own mother once went to see her perform in a dance recital one night when she was a child, and that Lynn was not aware of this because her mother stayed in the back of the audience where she could not be seen. He also tells her that the answer to a question she asked when alone at her mother\'s grave, "Do I make you proud?", was "Every day". Lynn tearfully accepts this as the truth. Crowe returns to his home, where he finds his wife asleep on the couch with the couple\'s wedding video playing, not for the first time. As she sleeps, Anna\'s hand releases Malcolm\'s wedding ring , revealing to Crowe that he was actually killed by Vincent and was unknowingly dead the entire time he was working with Cole. Due to Cole\'s efforts, Crowe\'s unfinished business—rectifying his failure to understand and help Vincent—is finally complete. Recalling Cole\'s advice, Crowe speaks to his sleeping wife and fulfills the second reason he returned, saying she was "never second", and that he loves her. Letting her live her own life, he is free to leave the world of the living and Cole had learned to live with the ghosts as it had become a part of his life.'] ['In New York, PR colleagues and roommates Holly Parker  and Jan Lambert  are disputing a promotion in their agency. The unethical Jan deceives Holly and sends her to Chicago. Meanwhile, she seduces Holly\'s boyfriend David Kray , in the opening of a fancy restaurant he owns, and they have a one night stand. When Holly arrives back home, she finds out David cheated on her with Jan, and decides to move into a new apartment. She schedules a meeting with the needy Tess Kositch, and they become roommates and friends. When Tess cuts and dyes her hair identical to Holly\'s, she sees that her new roommate is obsessed with her. When Holly follows Tess to an underground nightclub called "Sin", she realizes that the girl is deranged. But Tess wants to be her friend and put Holly out of her misery by eliminating her former bad friends.'] ["In New York City's Central Park, people begin committing mass suicide. Initially believed to be a bio-terrorist attack using an airborne neurotoxin, the behavior quickly spreads across the northeastern United States. Elliot Moore, a high school science teacher in Philadelphia, hears about the attacks and decides to go to Harrisburg by train with his wife, Alma. They are accompanied by his friend Julian and Julian's eight-year-old daughter Jess. Julian's wife is stuck in Philadelphia but is expected to meet them in Harrisburg. The train loses all radio contact en route and stops at a small town. They receive word that Philadelphia has been attacked and Julian's wife was not able to get on the train to Harrisburg. Julian decides to go look for her, leaving his daughter with the Moores. However, the town has already been hit by the toxin. Succumbing to it, the driver and Julian both commit suicide. Elliot, Alma and Jess hitch a ride with a nurseryman and his wife. The nurseryman believes that plants are responsible, as they can release chemicals to defend themselves from threats. The crew are joined by other survivors and split into two groups, with Elliot, Alma, and Jess in the smaller group. When the larger group is affected by the toxin, Elliot realizes that the plants are targeting only large groups of people. He splits their group into smaller pockets and they walk along, arriving at a model home. Two other groups arrive on the property, triggering a neurotoxin attack, signaled by what appears to be wind tossing the vegetation. The next house they come upon is sealed, its residents trying to protect themselves from the toxin. Elliot's attempts to reason with them are deemed unsuccessful when the residents shoot Josh and Jared, two teenage boys whom Elliot had earlier befriended. Elliot, Alma, and Jess next come upon the isolated house of Mrs. Jones, an elderly eccentric who has no outside contacts and is unaware of the current disaster. The following morning, Mrs. Jones becomes infected with the toxin. Realizing that the plants are now targeting individuals, Elliot locks himself in the basement but is separated from Alma and Jess, who are in the home's small outhouse. They are able to communicate through an old talking tube, and Elliot warns them of the threat. He expresses his love for her before deciding that if he is to die, he would prefer to spend his remaining time with her. The three leave the safety of their buildings and embrace in the yard, surprised to find themselves unaffected by the neurotoxin. The outbreak has abated as quickly as it began. Three months later, Elliot and Alma have adjusted to their new life with Jess as their adopted daughter. On television, an expert, comparing the event to a red tide, warns that the epidemic may have only been a warning. He states that humans have become a threat to the planet and that is why the plants have responded aggressively. Alma discovers she is pregnant and embraces Elliot with the news. In the Tuileries Gardens at the Louvre Palace in Paris, France, a scream is heard and everyone freezes in place as the wind rustles through the trees, signifying another attack."] ["Set in a strict elite British boarding school in the 1930s, the story centers on a clique of girls who idolize their enigmatic diving instructor, Miss G  . Di Radfield  has a crush on Miss G, and is the firm favourite and ringleader of her group. When a beautiful Spanish girl named Fiamma Coronna  arrives at the school, Miss G's focus is shifted away from the other girls. It becomes a triangle: Miss G gets increasingly obsessed with Fiamma, Fiamma is disturbed by Miss G and also openly disgusted by the teacher's hypocrisies and deceptions, and Di is terribly jealous and makes Fiamma's life hell. In a very telling scene in the film that clearly highlighted Miss G's deceptions, Miss G  goes to a nearby parochial town to buy some provisions. She is visibly upset by this trip and after buying her provisions and drawing the unwanted attention of some local louts, she returns to the school in, it would seem, a near panic. The bullying culminates in Di physically throwing Fiamma out of the school but, as she is unable to return to Spain as she hoped, Fiamma ends up back at the school later that night. When Fiamma is eventually found, the two girls make the first steps towards friendship, and at the following dorm party they all get a bit drunk, and Fiamma faints. Miss G takes her to her own room. Then Miss G kisses her and sexually touches her; Di witnesses this through the room door, which was left ajar, and then flees. The next morning, Fiamma is visibly upset, Miss G equally so as she runs around after her. Di is broody, and eventually tells the rest of her gang that Fiamma seduced Miss G. Fiamma presumably tells Miss G that she will report the molestation to the teachers, and horrified, Miss G realises her career will be over. She in turn manipulates Di's affection for her into anger. She says that Fiamma will make up lies about her molesting her  and plan to get her kicked out of school. Di absolutely refuses to allow this to happen. The confrontation between Di's gang and Fiamma turns ugly as Fiamma declines to answer Di's vicious questions and tries to explain what really happened, hinting at Miss G's lies and character defects. Fiamma runs into the forest as things become more violent, but the girls catch up with her and, under Di's leadership, beat her up with their fists and sticks. Fiamma starts to have an asthma attack, and the girls stop, terrified. They run to get help, and Di runs into Miss G , who says she'll stay with Fiamma, and directs Di to go get a teacher. In the forest, Miss G, alone with Fiamma, refuses to give Fiamma her inhaler and calmly watches her die. Di returns just in time to see Miss G placing the inhaler in Fiamma's lifeless hand, and that's when she realizes the truth. Later, Di tells the other girls what happened and, united, they confront Miss G. They are powerless officially, but they quit the swim team and symbolically turn in their sashes. The headmistress refuses to acknowledge the school's culpability, and seems only concerned with the school's reputation, but releases Miss G from her duties. The final scene has Di leaving the school to explore the world, as both Fiamma and Miss G had spoken of doing, whilst Miss G, fired from the school, goes to the local village and finds a small room she can live in, presumably closing herself away for the rest of her life. In a scene that perhaps allows the viewer a better understanding of Miss G's very complex personality rather than allowing him/her to simply dismiss of her as a some type of sexual predator, we see her put her few personal possessions on her bedside table. She puts one item there and then quickly removes it to make move for another item. After that, she counts the items to make sure there are only five. The viewer is then reminded that when Fiamma arrived at the school, in the dorm room, Di had told her that only five personal items could displayed on her night table at one time. The audience then realizes Miss G is as much a victim of the institutionalized setting she grew up in  as Fiamma was her victim.{{cite web}}"] ['The quirky but down-to-earth residents of the small hamlet of Highwater, Vermont, are faced with the freshly dead body of Harry Worp , which has inconveniently appeared on the hillside above the town. The problem of what to do with the body and, more importantly, how and why Harry was killed is the "trouble with Harry". Three of the main characters in the film each believe at some point that they are the one who actually killed Harry. Captain Wiles  is sure that he killed the man with a stray shot from his rifle while hunting, until it is shown he actually shot a rabbit. Spunky and independent young Jennifer Rogers , Harry\'s estranged wife who along with her small son Arnie  ran away from the loveless marriage, believes that he died after she hit him with a milk bottle after he tracked her down. Miss Gravely  feels that the man died after a blow from the heel of her hiking boot after he came at her out of the bushes . Sam Marlowe , an attractive and nonconformist artist, is open-minded about the whole event and is prepared to help his friends and neighbors in any way he can. In any case, nobody is upset about this death. However, none of the principal characters want the body to come to the attention of the "authorities" in the form of cold, humorless Deputy Sheriff Calvin Wiggs , who earns his living per arrest. The main characters conceal the body by burying it and then have to dig it up again. This happens several times. The body is also concealed at one point by hiding it in a bathtub. In the end it is established that Harry actually died of natural causes; no foul play was involved. In the meantime, Sam and Jennifer have fallen in love, as have the Captain and Miss Gravely. Sam has been able to sell his paintings to a passing millionaire. The artist refuses to accept money and instead requests a few simple gifts for his friends and himself.'] ['Set in the summer of 1978, Lucy and Norman, a young married couple whose relationship is going through a rough patch, decide to visit an English friend, Paul, who lives with his Spanish wife Isabel in the Basque Country. Standing in an isolated spot in the middle of the forest, the house seems the ideal spot for a quiet stay and the chance for Lucy and Norman to sort out their emotional problems. However, their peace is shattered when Paul and Norman discover a cabin in the forest in which a girl with ectrodactyly is imprisoned. Their attempts to take the girl to the police are hampered by the difficulties of the heavily wooded terrain and the intervention of a group of villagers who are determined to keep the girl locked away for good.'] ['While on a holiday in Mallorca, Spain, Lisa , Kim  and Tammi  meet four young men, Bluey , Josh , Sean  and Marcus . After spending the day at the resort together, the girls are invited to the men\'s yacht where they plan to party out at sea. While aboard the boat, they take drugs and the conversation turns to sex, and in particular, types of sexual acts. Bluey describes a sex act called a "donkey punch" which involves punching the female in the back of the head while having "doggy-style" sex in order to increase the sexual pleasure for the man. Marcus, Bluey, Kim and Lisa go to the master bedrooms where they begin having drug-fuelled sex, watched by Josh who, in the knowledge of all involved, lingers furtively in the darkness, recording the action with a camera. Bluey, who is copulating with Lisa, asks Josh to film the action and then decides to let Josh take a turn. Josh and Lisa then have anal sex. Immediately prior to ejaculation and with Bluey\'s encouragement, Josh donkey punches Lisa but uses excessive force, breaking her neck and killing her instantly. To cover up the incident, the men decide to throw the body overboard while the women want to report it to the authorities, and argument ensues about what to do with the tape. Bluey continually insults Tammi and in a fit of rage, she stabs him in the chest with a penknife, and the women escape in the yacht\'s tender. However, the girls soon realise that the tender\'s outboard motor is missing . In a fit of despair, Tammi fires a flare, attracting the attention of the men. They quickly locate and pick up the women. As the men attempt to get the women aboard, threatening them with a shotgun, Kim shoots a second flare directly at Marcus. The flare explodes into Marcus\'s torso and slowly burns him to death. Josh locks the recaptured women in one of the rooms below. Sean asks Josh to "call in" and request medical assistance for Bluey. However, knowing that Bluey still has the tape that contains footage of him dealing the earlier fatal blow, Josh instead decides to discover its whereabouts by torturing Bluey. He does this by withholding pain numbing drugs from him. Bluey reveals the location of the tape, beneath the bed in the state room. Tammi escapes the room by smashing through the glass door and cutting herself, and overhears Bluey mention where the tape is. She frantically roams the boat trying to locate it. She does this just moments before Josh attempts to retrieve it. Unable to find the tape, Josh returns to Bluey, stepping up the torture by turning his attention to the knife which still protrudes from the wound. Josh ultimately takes this too far and, following Bluey\'s pained protestations that he has already revealed the location, he twists the knife further into the wound before pulling it out, causing Bluey to die. Sean tries to bring the situation under control by retrieving a shotgun from Josh. He then tries to calm both Josh and Tammi from a frantic argument about the whereabouts of the tape. Kim notices Sean holding a shotgun with Josh and Tammi visibly upset from an adjacent room. She misinterprets his intentions towards Tammi and Josh and brutally kills Sean with the propeller of an outboard motor. After realizing her mistake, she manically commits suicide by jumping overboard, leaving Josh and Tammi as the only ones left. A distraught Tammi decides that she cannot remain on the boat any longer. Josh agrees, and readies the tender. His plan is to leave the yacht, get back to shore and claim that there was an accident. As Josh pushes the tender away from the yacht, Tammi quietly takes hold of the end of the mooring rope at the stern. Once the tender has floated some distance from the yacht, Josh pulls his hunting knife from his shorts and points it at Tammi. He demands the incriminating tape from Tammi and, fearing for her life, she obliges, throwing it on the floor of the tender. As a distracted Josh reaches for the tape, Tammi quickly throws the looped end of the mooring rope around his neck. The rope immediately reaches the end of its tether and Josh is wrenched into the sea, snapping his neck and killing him. Tammi, now the sole survivor, fires a distress flare in the hope of being rescued. She then lies down on the tender and morbidly stares up at the night sky, as the raft ambiguously drifts away into the ocean.'] ['Under the watchful eyes of Father Silvano Bentivoglio and Dr. Vittoria Vetra, the European Organization for Nuclear Research  initiates the Large Hadron Collider and creates three vials of antimatter particles larger than any that have ever been produced before. Immediately afterward, Father Silvano is killed and one of the vials of antimatter goes missing. Meanwhile, the Roman Catholic Church mourns the sudden death of the Pope in Rome and prepares for the papal conclave to elect the next Pope while Camerlengo Patrick McKenna assumes temporary control of the Vatican. The Illuminati kidnap the \'preferiti\'  before the conclave enters seclusion and threaten to kill one candidate every hour and destroy the Vatican at midnight, using the missing vial of antimatter as a bomb. The Vatican summons symbologist Robert Langdon from Harvard University and Vittoria from CERN to help them save the four preferiti and locate the bomb. Langdon listens to the Illuminati message and deduces that the four cardinals will die at the four altars of the "Path of Illumination," marked by statues of angels in locations relevant to the four classical elements. Over Richter\'s objections, but with McKenna\'s consent, Langdon is granted access to the Vatican Secret Archives to examine Galileo Galilei\'s banned book, and following clues with Vittoria, Inspector General Ernesto Olivetti, and Lieutenant Valenti of the Vatican Gendarmerie Corps, arrive at Chigi Chapel in the Church of Santa Maria del Popolo. There they find Cardinal Ebner dead, suffocated with soil and branded with an ambigrammatic word "Earth". They verify the second altar\'s location is Saint Peter\'s Square, but are unable to save Cardinal Lamassé, his lungs punctured and his body branded with an ambigrammatic word, "Air". While Vetra studies Silvano\'s diaries, Langdon and the Vatican officers locate the third church, Santa Maria della Vittoria, but are unable to save Cardinal Guidera from being burned to death. His body is branded with an ambigrammatic word, "Fire". The assassin appears and brutally kills everyone except Langdon, who escapes. Langdon and two Carabinieri officers race to the Water altar, the Fountain of the Four Rivers, where the assassin murders the officers and drops a bound and weighted Cardinal Baggia into the fountain. Langdon, assisted by bystanders, saves the cardinal, who tells him the Illuminati\'s lair is Castel Sant\'Angelo. There Langdon and Vetra discover a hidden passageway leading to the Vatican, being used as a hideout for the assassin. Discovering a case with marks for five branding irons, they realize the fifth brand is for the camerlengo, but are confronted by the assassin before they can alert McKenna. The assassin spares their lives, then cryptically warns them that his contractors were "men of God". He escapes, but is killed when his car explodes. Inside the Vatican, Langdon and Vetra find Commander Richter hovering over McKenna with a gun, the Vatican symbol branded into McKenna\'s chest. Richter is shot by the Guards, and Langdon takes a key that slips from Richter\'s hand. The stolen antimatter vial is found in St. Peter\'s Tomb below the church, but the battery life is too low to risk re-connecting it to a battery. McKenna, a former military pilot, seizes the vial and uses an awaiting helicopter to fly above the Vatican. At a high altitude, he parachutes out as the antimatter bomb explodes overhead. McKenna is hailed a hero and savior, and the cardinals move to elect him pope. Langdon and Vetra use Richter\'s key to watch a security video showing McKenna speaking to Richter before the attack, the video revealing McKenna, not the Illuminati, is the mastermind behind the scheme, intending to use the fear of the incident to be named pope and rally the church\'s followers to his side. This is shown to the Papal conclave, and when McKenna discovers he has been exposed he fatally sets himself on fire. The Vatican officially announces that McKenna died due to internal injuries suffered during his parachute landing, and Cardinal Baggia is named Pope Luke I, with Cardinal Strauss as the new camerlengo. Strauss thanks Langdon for his assistance and gives Langdon Galileo\'s "Diagramma Veritas" for his research, requesting only that Langdon\'s will contain a bequest that it be returned to the Vatican, and that any future references he makes to the Catholic Church in his future publications are done "gently". The movie closes with the newly enthroned pope stepping out on his balcony for the first time, to the cheers of the crowd below.'] ["A young couple in love – Watty Watts  and Starlene , – are planning a successful convenience store robbery. The next day they are paid a visit by two collectors for a local mobster who Watty has borrowed money from to buy an engagement ring for Starlene. They are called Creepy Cody and Dinosaur Bob, and they inform Watty that he must get the money very soon. This is followed by a visit by Watts' drug-addicted former prison buddy, Billy Mack Black , who has a plan for a big score. Against the wishes of Starlene, Watty goes along with the plot and the robbery fails, leading to the stoned clerk being shot and killed by Billy, though they do clear the safe of the money. Following the murder Billy pulls his gun on Watty and forces him to go to a restaurant to eat breakfast, where Billy again pulls his gun on Watty. Fearing for his life, Watty attacks Billy with a fork and escapes. He then returns to his trailer and Starlene, asks her to marry him and tells her they have to flee to Mexico. They are then paid a visit by two police officers, who try to kill them as revenge for the murder and robbery. Starlene manages to shoot one of the officers, who accidentally shoots the other one, and the couple escape. They then make their way toward Mexico pursued by Billy Mack, Bob and Creepy and the police. The two are romanticized in the crime obsessed media and become celebrities. On the way they stop in to see Starlene's parents, , who are later found by Billy, Bob and Creepy, leading to a violent showdown in which all are killed except Billy. Billy catches up with Watty and Starlene and the three of them cross into Mexico together. There the three engage in a showdown in which Starlene eventually kills Billy by injecting him with an overdose of high-powered speed. The two lovers take some liquid LSD given to them by Starlene's father and drive off into the sunset to start a new life."] ['Malcolm Anderson is a reporter for a Miami newspaper, who is burned out from years of covering the worst crimes in the city. He promises his girlfriend Christine that they will move away from the city, but he ends up covering a series of grisly murders by a serial killer who calls him telling the reporter that he will kill again. The lines between covering the story and becoming part of it are blurred.'] ['In Thailand, Chong-kwai welcomes his friends Ted, May, Kofei and April from Hong Kong. While on a tour, they see an accident on the road and start telling ghost stories when they return to Chong-kwai\'s house. Chong-kwai shows them a book titled The Ten Encounters, that describes ten ways to see ghosts and spirits. Chong-kwai had purchased the book from a strange man, who offered him a discount, saying that karma had led him to it, but Chong-kwai discovers later that he had been scammed. They can begin the "game" on any of the ten methods, but must complete it or else they will be haunted forever. Out of curiosity, the five of them start playing. They start with the spirit glass game but only Kofei sees the ghost. Chong-kwai\'s mother, a spiritualist, appears and warns them about meddling with the supernatural. The next step involves them going to a road intersection at night to attract hungry ghosts. All except May are able to see the spirits, and the frustrated May insists that they continue the game even though they are already freaked out. They go to a forest to play hide and seek with a black cat, that will supposedly break the charm and allow them to see the missing person. However, Kofei had disappeared mysteriously and the cat is found dead. In anguish, April tries rubbing dirt from a grave onto her eyes, but they fall out from the sockets and turn fiery-red. She sinks into unconsciousness and Chong-kwai\'s mother saves her by cleaning her eyes, warning her that she was very close to the purgatory world. Chong-kwai\'s mother tells them to leave Thailand immediately but April stays behind because she wants to find Kofei . One night, April tries one of the methods and brushes her hair in front of a mirror at night. Her fate is uncertain. Meanwhile, back in Hong Kong, Ted and May continue to experience weird encounters. One rainy day, May finds an umbrella held by an invisible being while in the subway and she runs away. On the bus, her umbrella suddenly opens and she sees a basketball rolling back and forth. She steps over it and it turns into a human head, that starts biting her ankle. She screams in horror but her fellow passengers tell her that it is only a ball. While she is back at her apartment corridor, she sees the ball again and it starts to follow her. She performs a "peek-a-stoop" and sees a boy with a rotting face dribbling the ball. She dashes into her apartment in fear and calls Ted to come. While waiting for him, she receives a call about April\'s disappearance. Ted encounters many spirits on the way to May\'s apartment and he kicks the ball in the corridor and is possessed by the ghost. He jerks and twists his body and appears to be breakdancing. A pair of gangsters see Ted and think he is challenging them to a breakdance battle. Ted starts to walk on the wall and stand on the ceiling, while the horrified dancers and observers flee. Ted recovers and grabs a girl in the hallway, telling her to follow him into May\'s apartment, but she is nowhere to be seen later. After watching a video recording, they realize that the girl is actually the victim of the accident they saw in Thailand and her spirit disappears after Ted "peek-a-stoop" to see her. Back in Thailand, Chong-kwai visits the bookstore to get answers from the man who sold him the cursed book. He sees that the drawings of characters in the book have been replaced by images of himself and his friends. His mother pulls him away before he can find out anything. At the same time, Ted and May return to Thailand to complete the game, hoping that the curse will be broken after doing so. They perform the last step, which is, to sleep while dressed in traditional garments for the deceased. Before that, Chong-kwai tells them that they have a limited time in the purgatory and must go towards a light when they hear a bell ring. In the ghost world, Ted and May encounter several ghosts and find Kofei who was behind a ghost boy. After being surrounded by ghosts April appears and helps them escape. All three ask April how she came to the ghost world and she tells them what happened. While doing the hair brush at midnight method she thought Kofei was dead so she commits suicide by slicing her wrist, then shows them her wound on her hand, showing them that she is now dead. Kofei decides to stay with April in the Ghost world and tell Ted and May to escape. Ted and May attempt to escape towards the light, apparently succeeding, but they find out later that they have become spirits too. Chong-kwai and his mother attempt to revive Ted and May but fail. Before the film ends, the sinister bookstore owner is seen selling another copy of the cursed book to an interested teenager.'] ["Obsessive collector J.P. Whittier, determined to obtain specimens of a newly discovered breed of bald eagle, hires rock climber Mike Walker to pose as a photographer and win reclusive conservationist Jim Malden's confidence in order to gain access to eggs from their lofty nest. Before long, Walker is converted to Malden's cause, and with the help of storekeeper Stella Clayton and her son Adam, the two men thwart Whittier's plot."] ['A neurosurgeon hires an amnesiac to murder his wife, believing that the man will have no memory of what he had done, providing him a perfect alibi.'] ["Woody Harrelson plays the character of Harry Barber, who is serving time in prison after being framed in a corruption scandal. Before his arrest, he was a reporter for a local newspaper that uncovered widespread corruption in the local government. After rejecting a bribe that would have ensured his silence Harry soon finds the funds deposited into his bank account and he is promptly arrested. Now, two years later, he is released when an ex-cop's testimony vindicates him. Though he is bitter against the town officials, Harry wanders back to Palmetto with his girlfriend Nina, who has been patiently waiting for him. Unable to find a job, he spends his days lounging in a local bar. In walks Rhea Malroux, the very attractive femme, wife of the richest man in town, who offers him a job: help her and her daughter Odette scam the old man out of $500,000 with a bogus kidnapping scheme, in which Harry would receive a ten per cent cut. Tempted by both Rhea's seductive charms and the prospect of some quick cash, Harry goes along with the plan. But when Odette winds up dead, and all indications point to Harry as the murderer, he finds himself way over his head."] ['A struggling, unemployed young writer  takes to following strangers around the streets of London, ostensibly to find inspiration for his first novel. Initially, he sets strict rules for himself regarding whom he should follow and for how long, but soon discards them as he focuses on a well-groomed, handsome man in a dark suit. The man in the suit, having noticed he is being followed, quickly confronts the Young Man and introduces himself as "Cobb". Cobb reveals that he is a serial burglar and invites The Young Man to accompany him on various burglaries. The material gains from these crimes seem to be of secondary importance to Cobb, who takes pleasure in rifling through the personal items in his targets\' flats, and doing things such as drinking their wine. He explains that his true passion is using the shock of robbery and violation of property to make his victims re-examine their lives. He sums up his attitude thus: "You take it away, and show them what they had." The Young Man is thrilled by Cobb\'s lifestyle. He attempts break-ins of his own, as Cobb encourages and guides him. At Cobb\'s suggestion, he alters his appearance, cutting his hair short and wearing a dark suit. The Young Man assumes the name "Daniel Lloyd" based on the credit card Cobb gives to him and begins to pursue a relationship with a blonde woman whose flat he and Cobb burglarized. The Blonde turns out to be the girlfriend of a small-time gangster  whom she broke up with after he murdered a man in her flat. Soon, the Blonde confides that the Bald Guy is blackmailing her with incriminating photographs. The Young Man breaks into the Bald Guy\'s safe, but is caught in the act by an unidentified man. The Young Man bludgeons the man with a claw hammer and flees with the Bald Guy\'s money and photos. Upon returning to his flat, he finds that the photos are innocuous modeling shots. Confronting the Blonde, the Young Man learns that she and Cobb have been working together to manipulate him into mimicking Cobb\'s burglary methods. Cobb had recently discovered a murdered woman\'s body during one of his burglaries, and is attempting to deflect suspicion from himself by making it appear as though multiple burglars share his MO. The Young Man leaves to turn himself in to the police. The Blonde reports her success to Cobb, who then reveals that he actually works for the Bald Guy. The story about the murdered woman was part of a plot to deceive both the Blonde and the Young Man: The Blonde has been blackmailing the Bald Guy with evidence from the murder he committed in her flat, and he wants her murdered in such a way that it cannot be connected to him. Cobb bludgeons the Blonde to death with the same claw hammer that the Young Man used during the burglary of the Bald Guy\'s safe and leaves it at the scene. The police, checking out the Young Man\'s story, find the Blonde murdered and the claw hammer with his finger prints on it. The Young Man is implicated for all of Cobb\'s crimes, along with the murder of the blonde woman. Meanwhile, Cobb vanishes into a crowd.'] ['Gigolo "Doctor" Omar  bribes the Shanghai police to not jail broke American showgirl Dixie Pomeroy ; he invites her to seek a job at the casino owned by Dragon-lady "Mother" Gin Sling , his boss. In the casino, Omar attracts the attention of a beautiful, privileged young woman , fresh from a European finishing school. She is out for some excitement. When asked, she gives her name as "Poppy" Smith. Meanwhile, Gin Sling is informed that she must move her establishment to the much less desirable Chinese sector. She is given five or six weeks, until Chinese New Year, to comply. Gin Sling is confident that she can thwart this threat to her livelihood, and orders her minions to find out everything they can about the man behind it, Englishman Sir Guy Charteris , a wealthy entrepreneur who has purchased a large area of Shanghai that contains her gambling parlor. Dixie proves to be an unexpected source of information; Charteris had taken her out to dinner a number of times, before dumping her to avoid her meeting his newly arrived daughter, Poppy, whose real name is Victoria Charteris. From Dixie\'s description, Gin Sling realizes Charteris is someone from her past. Meanwhile, Poppy falls in love with Omar and becomes addicted to gambling. Though the spoiled woman is openly contemptuous of the casino owner, Gin Sling allows her credit to cover her ever growing losses. Gin Sling invites Charteris and other important dignitaries to a Chinese New Year dinner party. Charteris at first declines, but then curiosity gets the better of him. At the dinner, she exposes his disgraceful past. Charteris, then calling himself Victor Dawson, had married her. One day, he abandoned her, taking her inheritance, leaving her destitute and alone. Thinking her baby had died and forced to do whatever she had to in order to survive, she wandered from place to place, until she reached Shanghai. There, Percival Hower had faith in her and backed her financially, allowing her to work her way up to her current position. To cap her revenge, she has Victoria brought in. Victoria openly flaunts her attraction to Omar and ridicules her father. As Charteris takes his wayward daughter out, he tells Van Elst privately to come to his office the next morning to pick up a £20,000 check for Gin Sling and tell her "the funds she claims I took are, and always have been in an account in her name" in a north China bank. Despite hearing this, Victoria defies him and goes back inside where the other guests have left. When he tries to retrieve her, he is confronted by Gin Sling. He then reveals that their baby had been found alive and put in a hospital where Charteris found her and brought her up far from China. Victoria is Gin Sling\'s own daughter. Gin Sling then tries to talk to Victoria alone, revealing that she is her mother, but when the young woman continues insulting her, Gin Sling shoots her dead. The Dragon Lady then remarks to Hower that this is something she cannot bribe her way out of. The muscular coolie, standing outside with Charteris, delivers the bitingly ironic last line "you likee Chinese New Year?" as Charteris realizes what has happened.'] ['{{plot}} The movie begins in Jerusalem, where a rabbi named Rostenburg is typing a code from the Bible onto his laptop computer. He is shot and killed by an assassin wearing a rabbi\'s outfit, who then takes the computer disk containing the code. Following this, two mysterious men take a page out of Rostenburg\'s sweater and keep it. The scene shifts to the back stage of a talk show, hosted by Cassandra Barashe , where Dr. Gillian Lane , an author and speaker, is getting ready to go onto the stage. On the show he explains that Old Testament is a passage to our past, present, and future. After the show, he returns home and visits his ex-wife and daughter on the latter\'s birthday. Stone Alexander ([[Michael York  is then shown speaking at a peace ceremony in Rome on how he has fed the hungry in Africa with water and food wafers. Dr. Lane attends as well and the two "enjoy some fine champagne and to support a worthy cause." It is revealed to the audience that the man who killed the rabbi in the beginning is Stone\'s apprentice, Dominic . Dr. Lane meets with Cassandra, and the two form an alliance. Lane and Stone maks a worldwide tour of goodwill such as one related to the establishment of the Palestinian state. Stone also makes a seven-year peace treaty with the Palestinians and the Israelis before moving on to other regions of the globe. In the meantime, Lane\'s family is shown not being able to see him because of his busy schedule. After three-and-a-half years, Lane discovers that Stone had been using the computer code that was shown in the beginning of the movie. This code is based on what is called the 3-D study of the Bible, where prophetic messages are revealed. Stone and his bodyguard find Lane, and Stone asks him to be his prophet. Dominic in an anger at being left pulls out his gun and tried to kill Lane, but instead shoots Stone. Dominic lies stating that Lane shot Stone, which leads to a worldwide manhunt. People around the world hold funerals for Stone. Lane, meanwhile, is about to take off in an airplane when he remembers what Rostenburg said about the Torah containing the genetic code of the universe. Satan enters Stone\'s body so he can continue the plans. Later in the movie, Stone obtains the final code via tempting Cassandra. Stone proclaims himself king and God at a coronation. This angers the two prophets, who denounce Stone. When he demands that they "show us all a sign" one responds "It is a wicked and perverse generation who asks for a sign. But like Christ, your only sign will be this: destroy these temples of His holy prophets and the Lord will rebuild them in three days!" To that, Stone says "It will be my pleasure!" They are then killed by Dominic while Stone says to keep them on display to show what will happen if anyone who defies him, invoking a general protest from both Muslims and Jews. Alexander manages to leave via helicopter, vowing to make an example of Jerusalem. Meanwhile, the last code is shown to be a fake . Stone then leads armies against Jerusalem as it is the first to withdraw from the global alliance. The two prophets are resurrected. Lane appears with the code. Stone lies that he\'ll call off the attack if Lane will enter the final code. Lane does so. Stone is about to commence the destruction of Jerusalem, "On my mark, three, two, and—" when a bright light appears from heaven, sending Satan back to where he came from, leaving Stone dead again. The film closes as we see what the final code said from the start of the movie: Dawn of New Millennium.'] ['This film follows Jane  who has inherited a rent-controlled brownstone apartment from her aunt, and, despite her boyfriend Greg\'s  appeals, has decided to move in and live on her own for the first time. Almost immediately she is introduced to the pleasures of living in an apartment building, as she quickly draws the ire of her downstairs neighbor , who pounds on the ceiling when she makes any noise at all. The next morning, she finds a warning note on her door, which she quickly dismisses. However, as more drastic actions seem to be taken against her, such as infestations of mice and live maggots, and even break-ins, Jane begins to suspect that her neighbor wants her out. Determined to stand her ground, Jane ignores her boyfriend\'s pleading and decides to stick it out. But when she is attacked in her home, Jane decides to take action herself. The attacker is revealed to be a seemingly-kindly older man who warmed up to Jane and seemed to look out for her initially. He invites her into his apartment and when Jane realizes that his ceiling is "mapped" with the layout of the apartment above - just as she discovered in the apartment beneath hers - she sees the truth of what\'s going on. After being knocked out, she fights her way through a room full of packing noodles, injuring her attacker by hitting him in the head with a metal rod she finds in the room. She then runs to her apartment and locks herself in. She soon realizes that she is in effect trapped and can\'t leave because her attacker has tied her door knob to the stairway railing. Seeing that the window is the only way in/out, she decides to hide in the fireplace, behind the fireplace shield. Her attacker breaks through the window and eventually finds her. After a brief struggle - involving a creepy locksmith she called on earlier,  who comes to her rescue but is quickly subdued - Jane stomps on the floor until a large decoration hanging over her doorway falls on the attacker. She then runs out the door which had been untied by the locksmith and is quickly caught again in the hallway. Suddenly, Greg appears and asks the attacker to hand over the knife he is holding against Jane. During the pause, Jane suddenly lunges at her attacker, pushing him over the stair railing and down 5 flights of stairs to his death. Later, as Jane is continuing to unpack boxes and put things in their place, she is talking to her attorney in the office. The attorney tells her that the locksmith, , had something to show Jane. She says that was good because she meant to thank him. The final scene reveals that the locksmith is looking through the window and sketching/painting what he sees. The camera pans through the room and we see him working on a new sketch as well as several of the pictures he\'s already completed from what he\'s seen in Jane\'s building. The camera stops on a picture showing Greg and Jane\'s attacker talking at a table in front of the typewriter used to type threatening messages to Jane.'] ['The story revolves around four protagonists: Arunabha Mitra, a wealthy middle-aged man, his daughter Rinka, two sisters — Sreemati and Payel, and the playboy Subhankar Bose. The film is about crisis in identity, love, betrayal and the strange twists of fate. It is also about how we fail to trust the people we love and how quick we are to jump to conclusions. The conflict in the story arises when one of the protagonists impulsively acts on intense concern for her sister and commits a crime that would forever change the course of everybody’s life.'] ['{{Plot}} The film opens with Brad , an out of work musician, making a cup of latte for his wife Lexi  who is still in bed. She soon leaves for work and Brad is left at home alone. Over the radio he hears that several suspected dirty bombs have been detonated across Los Angeles. He exits his house and sees large amounts of smoke rising from the city center and gets into his car to drive towards the city center in order to find her. Brad tries to contact her through her cell phone, but only receives a busy signal. He soon finds that most roads now have police blockades. An ash covered car is stopped by the police. One policeman notices Brad watching from inside his car and goes over to him to tell him to go back home. The police officers aim their weapons at the driver as he gets out and demand that he get back into his car. He ignores their warning and is shot down by the police. Brad decides to leave and go back home when he encounters a small boy called Timmy  who is watching the rising smoke from the city center. Brad tells him to run home to his parents as fast as he can as it is not safe where he is. Once home Alvaro ([[Tony Perez  enters the house and asks Brad if he can stay with him as there is no one at the neighbor\'s house where he was working. They hear that survivors of the blasts are being quarantined as the weapons were dirty bombs and the authorities advise people to seal up their homes before the contaminated dust cloud reaches them. Brad and Alvaro then proceed to seal up the house with duct tape and plastic. As it becomes increasingly more obvious that Lexi might not come home, he takes some of Lexi\'s clothes and leaves them outside the back door with some food and water. Brad and Alvaro then proceed to seal off the front door. Radio newscasts claim that the bombs contained several toxins and an unknown viral strain. Lexi has been involved in a car crash but is still alive. She walks home still covered in the dust and Brad realizes she could infect both himself and Alvaro so does not let her in. Lexi becomes desperate believing that Brad had planned to lock her out of the house. She loses her temper and throws her cell phone at one of the door panes, breaking it. Brad and Alvaro both rush to cover up the breakage and seal it off. Together they manage to calm down Lexi. Brad then seals off the main bedroom from the rest of the house so that Lexi can get into it. Lexi receives a call from her mother, who realizes that she was near the explosion and is probably infected. Her pleas for Lexi to go to a hospital fall on deaf ears, as Lexi tells her that the rest of the country is seeing news that is not reflecting the reality of the situation. A car alarm goes off revealing Timmy standing next to it. Lexi calls him over and Brad seals off another part of the house in order for Lexi and Timmy to clean off the ash up in the bathroom. Alvaro soon decides to leave the house as he "needs to be with his wife". Brad tries to convince him to stay but the last we see of Alvaro is him walking down the road slowly getting covered by the ash. Lexi hears a noise from the back and alerts Brad. A masked man appears who reveals himself to be Rick . He tells Lexi that there is a ship on the coast that has medical supplies and is helping people. Lexi, Rick and Timmy leave for help and Brad hears newscasts on the radio saying that the bombs contained a hybrid viral strain that attacks the respiratory system. That same night Brad is visited by a Corporal Marshall  and his men. He asks Brad several questions, such as how well his house has been sealed, who else is there/has been there, and if there had been any contact between him and anyone on the outside. Brad mentions the cell-phone which Lexi had thrown through the window and the marshall demands a sample of the dust off the phone. Marshall tells Brad that he will soon be back with the results and that his wife should under no circumstances be let into the house. As the marshall leaves we hear him recite the home\'s address and say "Red Tag". Lexi returns home the next day without Timmy or Rick and sees the red tag placed outside the house. Lexi tells Brad that Timmy was treated with all the other children and that she saw five men get shot. Lexi rings her brother Jason  so that she can have someone to talk to about simple things to pass the time, after she could not cope with talking to her mother who is frantic with worry about her. The next couple of hours are spent with Brad and Lexi on either side of their back door talking to each other about what they will do, assuming that they survive this crisis. Brad imagines that after this they will both probably end up on one of those morning talk shows where everyone goes to reveal their woes. Troops appear from the side of the house and grab Lexi while preventing Brad from coming outside to interfere with them. The soldier manages to calm Brad down and explains to him that because Brad did such a good job sealing up the house there was no new air to circulate through. The virus  has now multiplied to lethal levels and the air inside the house has become lethal. Brad doesn\'t understand what the soldier is saying and insists that they bring his wife back. The marshall tells him "Please don\'t struggle." A large heavy piece of plywood is put over the back door which completely covers it. A hole is drilled through the wood and a pipe appears through which a gas starts to be pumped in. More boards seal the windows and doors but Brad manages to break down the plywood covering his front door, only to discover that a fumigation tent has been erected over the whole house. He tries to tear through the tent and is knocked unconscious by the rifle butt of a soldier as Lexi screams Brad\'s name. The camera cuts to Brad as he takes his last few breaths. Lexi is sitting on the edge of an ambulance being attended to by a female nurse who says "Say a prayer; you might just make it." The film closes with Lexi in too much shock to say anything, her cell phone ringing.'] ['Michael Rogers , a young drifter currently employed as a chauffeur, has a chance meeting with the lovely Ellie Thomsen . He dreams of building a magnificent house on a particular spot of land along the Devon coast. Unknown to him, she is actually a wealthy heiress and can make his dream come true. With the help of her efficient German companion, Greta , they marry and build a memorable home designed by noted architect Santonix , much to the disapproval of Ellie\'s family, who try to buy off Michael. However, the land the couple purchased is known as "Gypsy\'s Acre" and is said to carry a curse. Mysterious accidents pile up, a self-proclaimed gypsy haunts the grounds, and after a midnight accident, Greta moves in with the couple to nurse Ellie back to health, to the resentment of Michael. A further equestrian accident results in the death of Ellie, and Michael is shattered. With the aid of her lawyer "Uncle" Andrew  and Greta, Michael pulls together. But he remains haunted by ghostly images of Ellie and a devious murder plot--and another death--are revealed in the finale.British Film Institute'] ['The film starts with the murder of District Attorney Vargas in Palermo, amongst a climate of demontrations, strikes and political tension between the Left and the government. The subsequent investigation failing, the police assign the protagonist Inspector Rogas  to solve the case. While he is starting his investigation, two judges are killed. All victims turn out to have worked together on several cases. After Rogas discovers evidence of corruption surrounding the three government officials, he is encouraged by superiors "not to forage after gossip," but to trail the "crazy lunatic who for no reason whatever is going about murdering judges." This near admission of guilt drives Rogas to seek out three men wrongfully convicted by the murdered judges. He is joined by a journalist friend working for a far-left newspaper, Cusan. Rogas finds his likely suspect in Cres, a man who was convicted of attempting to kill his wife. Mrs. Cres accused her husband of trying to kill her by poisoning her rice pudding, which she escaped only because she fed a small portion first to her cat, who died. Rogas concludes that he was probably framed by his wife, and seeks him out, only to find that he has disappeared from his house. Meanwhile another district attorney is killed, and eyewitnesses see two young revolutionaries running away from the scene. Rogas, close to finding his man, is demoted, and told to work with the political division to pin the crimes on the revolutionary Leftist terrorist groups. Rogas discovers that his phone is tapped. He seeks out the Supreme Court\'s president  in order to warn him that he is most likely the next victim. The president details a philosophy of justice wherein the court is incapable of error by definition. Music from a party in the same building leads to Rogas discovering the Minister of Justice  at the party with many revolutionary leaders, amongst them the editor of the revolutionary paper Cusan is working for, Galano, and Mrs. Cres. He and the Minister have a discussion, where the Minister reveals that sooner or later, his party will have to form a coalition with the Communist Party, and that it will be their task to prosecute the far-leftist groups. The murdering of the judges as well as Rogas\'s investigations help raising the tensions and justifying the prosecution of the far-left groups. Rogas also discovers that his suspect, Cres, is present at the party. Rogas meets with the Secretary-General of the Communist Party in a museum. Both of them are killed. Amongst raising tensions between revolutionaries and the government, who mobilize the army, the murder of the Secretary-General is blamed on Rogas by the chief of police. The film ends with a discussion between Cusan and the vice-secretary of the Communist Party, who claims that the time is not yet ready for the revolution and the party will not react to the government\'s actions. "But then the people must never know the truth?", asks Cusan. The vice-secretary answers: "The truth is not always revolutionary."'] ['While scuba-diving near shipwrecks off Bermuda, vacationing couple David Sanders  and Gail Berke  recover a number of artifacts, including an ampoule of amber-colored liquid and a medallion bearing the image of a woman and the letters "O.P.N.S.C"  and a date, 1714. Sanders and Berke seek the advice of lighthouse-keeper and treasure-hunter Romer Treece ([[Robert Shaw  on the origin of the medallion, who identifies the item as Spanish and takes an interest in the young couple. The ampule is noticed by the man who had rented diving equipment to Sanders and Berke, which in turn attracts the attention of Henri Cloche , a local drug kingpin for whom the shop owner works, who wants to buy the ampule with no luck and then begins to terrorize the couple with Haitian black magic. The ampule contains medicinal morphine from the Goliath, a ship that sank during World War II with a cargo of munitions and medical supplies. The wreck of the Goliath is considered dangerous and is posted as off-limits to divers due to the danger of explosions. Treece concludes that a recent storm has exposed her cargo of morphine and unearthed a much older wreck containing Spanish treasure. Treece makes a deal with Cloche, so they can dive in peace making him believe he will get the ampules for a million dollars, while his real plan is to have the chance to find the treasure. Cloche gives him 3 days to recover them. Sanders, Berke, and Treece make several dives to the wrecks, recovering thousands of morphine ampules from Goliath and several additional artifacts from the Spanish wreck. Adam Coffin , the only survivor from Goliath joins to help in the boat but his loyalty is not very clear when they get attacked by sharks and he only says "that he probably fell asleep" without noticing they were in trouble. Through research in Treece\'s library, they reconstruct the history of the lost treasure ship, locate a list of valuable items, including a metallic jar with the letters "EF" engraved on it, and learn the identity of the noblewoman  for whom they were made by the king of Spain. Sanders is determined to locate at least one item on the list to establish provenance; since without it there is no value to the treasure. Treece wishes to destroy the Goliath to put the morphine out of reach of Cloche; and Cloche interferes with their efforts so that he can recover the morphine for himself. During a running series of conflicts Treece\'s friend Kevin  is murdered by one of Cloche\'s henchmen and Adam betrays them and is killed when he triggers a booby-trap while trying to steal the recovered morphine. A climactic battle during the final dive ensues, with Cloche and his divers being killed in the destruction of the Goliath and the recovery of a gold dragon necklace that will provide the needed provenance of the treasure.'] ['In Paris, a down and out medical student Johann Radek  is paid by Bill Kirby  to murder his wealthy aunt. A knife grinder  is suspected, but Radek keeps taunting the police until they realize that he is the killer. The police and Maigret  are led on chases through the streets and over the rooftops of Paris and finally up the girders of the Eiffel Tower.  {{Empty section}}'] ['A backwards sequence is shown. It starts with the Polaroid photograph of a dead man. As the sequence plays backwards the photo reverts to its undeveloped state, entering the camera before the man is shot in the head. This is followed by interspersed black-and-white and color sequences, with the black-and-white sequences taking place chronologically before the color sequences. The black-and-white sequences begin with Leonard Shelby  in a motel room speaking to an unnamed caller. Leonard has anterograde amnesia and is unable to store recent memories, the result of an attack by two men. Leonard killed the attacker who raped and strangled his wife , but a second clubbed him and escaped. The police did not accept there was a second attacker, but Leonard believes he is called John with a last name starting with G. Leonard conducts his own investigation using a system of notes, Polaroid photos, and tattoos. As an insurance investigator, Leonard recalls one Sammy Jankis, also diagnosed with the same condition. Sammy\'s diabetic wife repeatedly requested insulin injections to try to trigger his memory, hoping Sammy would remember the previous dose. He did not and as a result she fell into a coma and died. The color sequences are shown in reverse chronological order. Leonard gets a tattoo, based on instructions to himself, of the license plate of John G. Finding a note in his clothes, he meets Natalie , a bartender who resents Leonard as he wears the clothes and drives the car of her boyfriend, Jimmy. After understanding his condition, she uses it to get Leonard to drive a man named Dodd out of town and offers to run the license plate to help his investigation. Meanwhile, Leonard meets with a contact, Teddy . Teddy helps with Dodd, but warns him about Natalie; however, Leonard has written on a photo of Teddy to not trust him. Natalie provides Leonard the driver\'s license, which shows a John Edward Gammell, Teddy\'s full name. Confirming Leonard\'s information on "John G" and his warnings, Leonard meets Teddy and drives him to an abandoned building, killing him as shown in the opening. In the final black-and-white sequence, prompted by the caller, Leonard meets Teddy in the motel lobby. Teddy is an undercover officer and has found Leonard\'s "John G", Natalie’s boyfriend Jimmy Grantz, and directs Leonard to the same abandoned building outside of town. When Jimmy arrives, Leonard strangles him and takes a photo of the body. As it develops the black-and-white transitions to color, thus beginning the color sequences. Leonard swaps clothes with Jimmy, hearing Jimmy whisper "Sammy". As Leonard has only told the story of Sammy to those he has met, he doubts Jimmy is the attacker. Teddy arrives and asserts that Jimmy was John G but when Leonard is not convinced, Teddy reveals that together they had already found and Leonard had killed the real attacker over a year ago. Teddy claims that Leonard confused elements of his life with that of Sammy, who was a con man with no wife. Leonard\'s wife was diabetic, had survived the attack and was the one who died in the insulin overdose. Teddy accuses Leonard of creating an unsolvable puzzle to give himself purpose and since "John G" is a common name, he will continually forget, beginning his search again and that even Teddy himself has a "John G" name. After hearing Teddy\'s exposition, Leonard consciously burns the photograph of Jimmy\'s body, drives off in Jimmy\'s car and has Teddy\'s license plate number tattooed on himself as the one of the second attacker, which will lead to the events of Teddy\'s death.'] [' Nina Sayers, a young dancer with a prestigious New York City ballet company, lives with her mother, Erica, a former dancer. The company is preparing to open the season with Swan Lake. The director, Thomas Leroy, has to cast a new principal dancer after forcing Beth Macintyre into retirement. Leroy wants the same ballerina to portray both the innocent, fragile White Swan and her dark, sensual twin, the Black Swan. Nina competes for the part. Although her audition goes badly, she asks Thomas to reconsider. He tells her she is ideal for the White Swan but lacks the passion necessary for the Black Swan. When he forcibly kisses her, she shows some spirit and bites him, and lands the part. An intoxicated Beth angrily confronts Thomas and Nina. She is later hit by a car and seriously injured in what Thomas suspects was a suicide attempt. Nina begins to witness strange happenings. Thomas, meanwhile, becomes increasingly critical of her "frigid" dancing and advises her to stop being a perfectionist and lose herself in the role. Thomas points to Lily , another dancer in the company, whom he describes as lacking Nina\'s flawless technique but possessing an uninhibited quality that Nina has not shown. The relationship between the two dancers is cool because of Lily\'s indiscretions, but Lily invites Nina to a night out. Nina is hesitant at first but decides to go against her mother\'s wishes. At a restaurant that evening, Lily offers Nina a capsule of ecstasy to help her loosen up. Though reassured its effects will only last a few hours, Nina turns it down. Lily later slips it into her drink at a nightclub while she is absent. Nina returns home late, fights with her mother, barricades herself in her room, and finds herself having sex with Lily. Next morning, Nina wakes up alone and late for rehearsal. When she arrives at the studio, she finds Lily dancing as the Swan Queen. Furious, she confronts Lily and asks her why she did not wake her up that morning. After Lily tells her she spent the night with a man whom she met at the club, Nina realizes she imagined the encounter. Nina\'s hallucinations become stronger as she sees Thomas and Lily have sex in a backstage area and Beth stabbing herself in the face at the hospital with a nail filer which Nina drops bloodied in the elevator. She has a violent argument with her mother, after which Nina passes out. Concerned about Nina\'s erratic behavior, her mother tries to prevent her from performing on opening night; enraged, Nina stands up to her mother and forces her way out of the apartment. Since her mother had called to say Nina was sick, Thomas assigned understudy Lily to take over, but reluctantly gives way when Nina insists on performing. The first act goes well, until Nina is distracted by a hallucination during a lift, causing her partner, playing the Prince, to drop her. Distraught, she returns to her dressing room and finds Lily there. As Lily announces she is to play the Black Swan, she transforms into Nina\'s double. Nina shoves her into a mirror, shattering it. She grabs a shard of glass and stabs her rival in the stomach, killing her. The corpse transforms back into Lily. Nina hides the body and returns to the stage to dance with passion and sensuality. Sprouting feathers, her arms become black wings as she finally loses herself and is transformed into a black swan. At the end of the act, she receives a standing ovation. Offstage, Thomas and the rest of the cast congratulate her on her stunning performance. Nina takes Thomas by surprise and kisses him. Back in her dressing room before the final act, Nina is congratulated by Lily, showing that their fight was imaginary. The mirror, however, is still shattered. She removes a shard from her own body and realizes she had stabbed herself. Dancing the last scene, in which the White Swan throws herself off a cliff, Nina spots her mother weeping in the audience. As Nina falls backward onto a hidden mattress, the theater erupts in thunderous applause. Thomas and the cast gather to congratulate her—only to find that she is severely bleeding. As the white ceiling lights envelop her, she whispers, "I felt it. Perfect. It was perfect."'] ['"Harry Houdini"  has kidnapped and buried alive a rich businessman\'s wife. He demands $1 million in cash from the woman\'s husband in return for the release of the location of her burial site before she runs out of oxygen. He also states that if police involvement is initiated, he will ensure she is never found alive. As expected, however, police involvement is initiated and Detective Madeline Foster  is assigned with the task of finding the buried woman and catching Houdini. It is quickly realized though that Houdini, in fact, wanted the police to get involved so he could commit a second kidnapping - that of Foster. When Houdini is finally caught as the result of a car chase involving him and Detective Foster, she attempts to get him to reveal the location of his buried victim. When Foster\'s initial interrogation of Houdini proves unsuccessful, the FBI are assigned to take over the case, although they do not have any more luck. In a plot twist, it is revealed that Houdini has already committed a murder, that of his accomplice. He now has nothing to lose and the police realize the death of the buried woman would not be as significant as first thought. However, Houdini offers them a final lifeline - if he is allowed to talk to Foster, alone, he will allow his victim to be recovered alive. The police, now just puppets in Houdini\'s plan, give into his request. Troubled, Foster begins to reveal her darker side to Houdini and he sees a kindred spirit in her. Soon after, it is revealed that Houdini was in fact a painter in the police department, and outlined the entire building in a very detailed map. Just as Foster is revealing the truth, Houdini takes her to the place where he buried the first woman. Foster escapes her hold, and releases the woman and takes Houdini\'s gun, then pushes him inside the coffin. As he taunts Foster, she shoots him rather than burying him.'] ['Seven years after tracking down serial killer Jame Gumb, FBI Special Agent Clarice Starling  is unjustly blamed for a bungled drug raid. Starling and her connection to Hannibal Lecter  come to the attention of Lecter\'s only surviving victim, Mason Verger , a wealthy child molester whom Lecter left horribly disfigured and paralyzed after having been assigned as Verger\'s court-appointed therapist. Verger uses his immense wealth and political influence to have Starling reassigned to Lecter\'s case and meets with her in his mansion. Verger is pursuing an elaborate scheme to capture, torture and kill Lecter, and hopes Starling\'s involvement will draw him out. Indeed, Lecter sends her a taunting letter after learning of her public disgrace. Though the letter contains no clue to Lecter\'s whereabouts, Starling detects a strange fragrance that a perfume expert later identifies as a bespoke skin cream whose ingredients are only available to a few shops in the world. She contacts the police departments of the cities where the shops are located, requesting surveillance tapes. One of the cities is Florence, Italy, where Chief Inspector Rinaldo Pazzi  is investigating the disappearance of a library curator. Pazzi questions Lecter, who is masquerading as "Dr. Fell", the assistant curator and now caretaker of the library. Upon recognizing Dr. Fell in the surveillance tape, Pazzi accesses the FBI\'s ViCAP database of wanted fugitives. He learns of Verger\'s US$3 million reward to anyone turning Lecter over to him rather than to the FBI. Lured by Verger\'s bounty, Pazzi ignores Starling\'s warnings against trying to capture Lecter alone. He recruits a pickpocket to obtain a fingerprint of Lecter to show as proof of his whereabouts and thus collect the reward. The pickpocket is mortally wounded by Lecter, but manages to get the print and provides them to Pazzi, who in turn contacts Verger. Lecter then baits Pazzi into an isolated room of the library, ties him up with electrical cords, and hangs and disembowels him, before escaping back to the United States. Verger bribes Justice Department official Paul Krendler  to accuse Starling of withholding a note from Lecter, leading to her suspension. Lecter lures Starling to Union Station but Verger\'s men, who have followed Starling, capture Lecter and transport him to Verger. When her superiors refuse to act, Starling, on her own initiative, infiltrates Verger\'s estate. Verger means to have Lecter eaten alive by a herd of wild boars bred specifically for this purpose. Starling intervenes to free Lecter but is herself wounded, and Lecter rescues her from the voracious animals. Verger furiously orders his private physician Cordell  to shoot Lecter, but instead Lecter persuades Cordell to throw his hated employer into the pen, where he is eaten alive by the boars. Lecter takes a sedated Starling to Krendler\'s secluded lake house and treats her wounds. When Krendler arrives for the Fourth of July break, he is subdued and drugged by Lecter. Starling, disoriented by morphine and dressed in a slinky black velvet cocktail dress, wakes to find Lecter cooking and Krendler in a wheelchair seated at the table set for an elegant dinner. Weakened by the drugs, she looks on in confusion and horror as Lecter removes the top of Krendler\'s skull, cuts out part of his prefrontal cortex, sautees it and feeds Krendler his own brain before finally killing him. After the meal, Starling tries to attack Lecter but is quickly overpowered. She manages to handcuff his wrist to hers, and with police incoming to the residence, Lecter brandishes a meat cleaver and severs his left hand to escape. Lecter is later seen on a flight with boxed lunch on his pull-down table. As he prepares to eat his meal, including a small cooked portion of what is assumed to be Krendler\'s brain, a young boy seated next to him asks to try some of his food. Lecter lets the boy eat some of his lunch, telling him that "it is important... always to try new things."'] ['{{Plot}} Claire Spencer  is living in Vermont with her husband, renowned scientist Dr. Norman Spencer . A year previously, Claire had been involved in a serious car accident that leaves gaps in her memory. Combined with her daughter Caitlin\'s  departure for college, this leaves Claire profoundly affected. The Spencers — who have moved into the former home of Norman\'s father — live next door to the Feurs, who have just moved in and often have loud arguments. Overhearing Mary Feur  sobbing one day, Claire becomes concerned. When she sees Mary\'s husband Warren  seemingly dragging something that resembles a body bag in the middle of the night and putting it in the trunk of the car, she suspects that Mary has been murdered. Claire decides to investigate. After nobody answers the door, she walks around the side of the house and discovers a woman\'s sandal with a dark stain on it. She steals the sandal as evidence. Back on the doorstep, she is surprised by Warren, whose surly behavior further arouses her suspicion. Claire begins spying on Warren with the help of her best friend Jody . However, Claire soon witnesses strange occurrences when she is alone in the house — pictures fall, doors open, and a shadowy reflection is seen in her bathwater. Claire becomes convinced that Mary is dead and haunting her. Desperate for closure, and facing little sympathy from Norman, Claire invites Jody to join her for a séance in her bathroom, where she seems to be able to communicate with Mary\'s ghost. Claire produces the sandal for the ritual; after it starts, the dial on the Ouija board starts to show the words "M E F" on the screen. However, the séance is cut short after being interrupted by Cooper, their Saint Bernard dog. Claire and Jody initially assume the séance has been a nonsensical exercise; however, after Jody leaves, Claire returns to the bathroom to find the tub filled. This time she sees the ghost in the mirror, Claire asks the ghost what it wants. It replies with a message on a clouded mirror: "YOU KNOW". An anxious Claire goes to Norman\'s office to inform him of the séance. While traveling through Norman\'s campus, Claire encounters Warren and hysterically accuses him of killing his wife. But Warren responds with confusion before Mary—very much alive—joins him. When Mary speaks with Claire later, she explains that she had left Warren and that he had been packing her belongings when Claire saw him. The Spencers assume that the ordeal is over, but later a picture breaks in Norman\'s study. Picking it up, Claire notices a newspaper clipping about a missing girl named Madison Elizabeth Frank . She learns that Madison attended the university where Norman was a lecturer. While visiting Madison\'s mother she steals a braid of Madison\'s hair. Reading from a book on the supernatural given to her by Jody, Claire uses the hair to perform a ritual that allows Madison to possess her and seduce Norman. But Claire morphs into Madison during the tryst, causing Norman to push her away. Claire\'s memory returns, and she remembers that she had caught Norman and Madison together the night of her car accident. Outraged by Norman\'s infidelity, Claire spends the night with Jody, who confirms to Claire her suspicion of Norman\'s affair after seeing him and Madison together in a small cafe in the town of Adamant; unseen by Norman, Jody keeps this information to herself until she confesses to Claire. Norman eventually confesses: he had a brief relationship with Madison, but realized that he loved Claire too much to leave her, causing the unstable Madison to threaten to kill Claire. He then visited Madison to find her dead of an overdose. He pushed Madison\'s car  into the lake. Claire urges Norman to contact the authorities, and he agrees to do so. He speaks with the police on the phone, and then leaves to take a shower. Suspicious of her husband, Claire redials the phone and discovers that he had not really called the police. Norman suddenly grabs her from behind and sedates her. He drags her to the bathtub, which is still running, and places her in the rising water. Norman then explains to Claire that Madison was planning on going to the college\'s Dean about their affair, and he could not let that happen, so he killed her and pushed Madison\'s car and body into the lake. Norman then tells Claire he hopes her death will bring him closer to Caitlin who looks so much like her. Norman leans over Claire\'s paralyzed body to give her one final kiss. While doing so, he notices that she is wearing a pendant around her neck. When he picks up Claire\'s head to adjust it her face suddenly morphs into the corpse-like face of Madison. He is startled and jumps back, slipping on the wet floor, and hitting his head on the sink; which leaves him bloody and unconscious on the floor. Claire, recovering from the sedative, crawls out of the bathtub and down the stairs. The phone has been disconnected, so she tries to drive somewhere that will have better reception. Norman, only stunned, chases her and jumps into the truck. A ghostlike figure appears in the road, which Claire swerves to avoid, and she drives off the bridge into the same lake into which Norman pushed Madison\'s car. Underwater, Norman grabs Claire\'s leg, but Madison\'s decaying body, disturbed by debris falling from the car, floats up, grabs Norman, and forces him to release Claire\'s leg so she can swim to the surface. Norman drowns while staring into the dead face of the woman he killed. Madison\'s body floats to the surface of the lake. The following winter, Claire is seen placing a single red rose on Madison\'s grave. The camera pans out and an image of Madison\'s face is seen in the snow.'] ['Harry Caul  is a surveillance expert who runs his own company in San Francisco. Highly respected by others in the profession, Caul is obsessed with his own privacy; his apartment is almost bare behind its triple-locked door and burglar alarm, he uses pay phones to make calls, claims to have no home telephone and his office is enclosed in wire mesh in a corner of a much larger warehouse. Caul is utterly professional at work but finds personal contact extremely difficult because he is intensely secretive about even the most trivial aspects of his life. Dense crowds make him feel uncomfortable and he is withdrawn and taciturn in more intimate social situations. He is also reticent and obsessively secretive with work colleagues. His appearance is nondescript, except for his habit of wearing a translucent grey plastic raincoat almost everywhere he goes, even when it is not raining. Despite Caul\'s insistence that his professional code means that he is not responsible for the actual content of the conversations he records or for the use to which his clients put his surveillance activities, he feels wracked by guilt over a past wiretap job which resulted in the murder of three people. This sense of guilt is amplified by his devout Catholicism. His one hobby is playing along to jazz records on a tenor saxophone in the privacy of his apartment. Caul, his colleague Stan  and some freelance associates have taken on the task of bugging the conversation of a couple  as they walk through crowded Union Square in San Francisco, surrounded by a cacophony of background noise. Amid the small-talk, the couple discuss fears that they are being watched, and mention a discreet meeting at a hotel room in a few days. The challenging task of recording this conversation is accomplished by multiple surveillance operatives located in different positions around the square. After Caul has worked his magic on merging and filtering different tapes, he produces a sound recording in which the words themselves become crystal clear, but their actual meaning remains ambiguous. Although Caul cannot understand the true meaning of the conversation, he finds the cryptic nuances and emotional undercurrents contained within it deeply troubling. Sensing danger, Caul feels increasingly uneasy about what may happen to the couple once the client hears the tape. He plays the tape again and again throughout the movie, gradually refining its accuracy. He concentrates on one key phrase hidden under the sound of a street musician: "He\'d kill us if he had the chance". Caul constantly reinterprets the speakers\' subtle emphasis on particular words in this phrase, trying to figure out their meaning in the light of what he suspects and subsequently discovers. Caul avoids handing in the tape to the aide  of the man who commissioned the surveillance . Afterwards, he finds himself under increasing pressure from the client\'s aide and is himself followed, tricked, and bugged. The tape of the conversation is eventually stolen from him in a moment when his guard is down. Tormented by guilt over what he fears will happen to the couple, Caul\'s desperate efforts to forestall tragedy ultimately fail. To Caul\'s surprise, it turns out that the conversation he had obsessed over might not mean what he thought it did: the tragedy he had anticipated differs from the one which eventually occurs. To Caul\'s surprise, the Director was killed in a "car accident", however Caul knows that in fact he was murdered by the couple in the hotel they referred to in their conversation. He now realizes that the statement "He would kill us if he had the chance" was a rationalization of the couple\'s decision to kill him. When a phone call informs Caul that "We know that you know; keep your mouth shut", he believes his own apartment has been bugged and goes on a frantic search for the listening device, tearing up walls and floorboards and ultimately destroying his apartment - to no avail. The film\'s end leaves him sitting amidst the wreckage, playing one of the only things in his apartment left intact: his saxophone.'] ["Quinn's character, a jaded ex-lawyer, has been befriending and exploiting death row convicts and selling their final letters to the media."] ["Four years after the events of Jaws, two divers are photographing the wreck of the Orca, Quint's boat from the first film. They are suddenly attacked by a large great white shark, and during the attack one of the divers' camera gets a photo of the shark's profile. A few days later, the shark enters the coastal waters of Amity Island, killing a female water skier. The female driver of the speedboat tries to defend herself by first throwing a gasoline tank at the shark  and then igniting the fuel with a flare gun. The fire ignites the gas tank and the speedboat explodes, killing the driver. Though burned on the right side of its head, the shark survives. In addition to these incidents, a dead killer whale is beached at a nearby lighthouse with large wounds all over its body which Police Chief Martin Brody  suggests were caused by a great white shark. Once again, Mayor Vaughn  doesn't share Brody's belief that the town has another shark problem and warns him not to press the issue. Later, Brody spots a section of a ruined speedboat bobbing in the surf just off the beach. When he goes to retrieve it, he encounters the burnt remains of the female speedboat driver. Brody stops his 17-year-old son Mike  from going sailing, and finds him a summer job working at the beach. The following day, while Brody is in an observation tower, he sees a large shadow produced by a school of bluefish, which he mistakes for a shark. In his haste, Brody orders everyone out of the water and fires his gun, causing a panic. Later that evening, he receives the photo of the shark's eye, taken by one of the attacked divers. Brody shows it to Vaughn and his townsmen, but they refuse to accept the evidence put in front of them. Len Peterson ,who has built a new resort in Amity to attract people, and the town council fire Brody for the beach incident, with Mayor Vaughn being the only one to vote against dismissal. Deputy Hendricks  is promoted to Brody's position. The next morning, Mike sneaks out and goes sailing with his friends, but has to take his young brother Sean  along to stop him telling his parents about Mike's trip. Later, they go past a group of divers led by Tom Andrews . Tom encounters the shark minutes after entering the water to catch lobsters and escapes, but suffers an embolism due to rushing to the surface too fast. Tina  and Eddie  later encounter the shark when it smashes into their sailboat, devouring Eddie and leaving Tina traumatized and alone. Brody and his wife Ellen  find Andrews being put into an ambulance, and Brody suspects that something must have scared him to make him come up so fast. Hendricks informs Brody that Mike has gone out sailing to the lighthouse with his friends, so Brody insists on taking the police patrol boat to rescue them, with Ellen and Hendricks both joining him. They find Tina's boat, with Tina hiding in the hull, who confirms Brody's suspicions about the shark in the area. Hendricks and Ellen take Tina ashore in a passing boat, while Brody continues to search for the teenagers using the police launch. All seems well with the other teenagers until the shark appears. The shark then smashes into one of their sail boats, causing panic and their boats to collide with each other. Mike is knocked unconscious and is pulled out of the water just as the shark appears; two friends take him back to the shore for help. The rest of the teens remain floating on the wreckage of tangled boats, drifting out toward the open sea. A harbor patrol marine helicopter arrives and a line is rigged to tow the boats to shore, but before the pilot can tow them, the shark attacks the chopper causing it to sink into the water. Sean also falls into the water, but he is quickly saved by Marge . As Marge tries to get back into the boat, her hands slip on the wet hull, and she falls back into the water. The shark approaches and devours Marge. Back at mainland, Tina is sent to the hospital, and Ellen berates Peterson for getting Brody fired and denying the shark's presence. Brody finds Mike, who informs his father about the situation. Sean and his friends are drifting on the wreckage toward Cable Junction , with the open sea beyond it. Brody quickly finds the teenagers, but the shark attacks again, which causes Brody to run his boat aground on the rocks. Brody tries to tie a rope line, but snags an underwater power cable instead. Most of the teenagers are tossed into the water during the shark's next attack, and they swim to safety on Cable Junction, though the shark injures Lucy while Sean and Jackie are left marooned on one of the boats. Using an inflatable raft, Brody gets the shark's attention by pounding the power line with an oar , and gets the shark to bite the power cable. The plan succeeds: the shark gets electrocuted, dies and sinks to the bottom of the sea. Brody collects Sean and Jackie and paddles over to Cable Junction, to await rescue with the other teenagers."] ["The police in San Juan, Puerto Rico investigate the rape and murder of two young girls. Captain Victor Benezet  questions Henry Hearst, an upstanding lawyer  about the crime, turning a ten-minute interview into a grueling interrogation. Hearst has a strained relationship with his beautiful young wife Chantal Hearst . A wealthy, influential man, Hearst has become the prime suspect, but the evidence against him is circumstantial. As the city celebrates the San Sebastian Festival, the police captain brings in Hearst for questioning, at first politely, and then less so, as he and a younger detective chip away at the suspect's alibi. They interrogate him for hours while Hearst's most private secrets are exposed one by one."] ["Sarah 'Sunny' Harper becomes a witness to the work of a spree killer, shooting people on the freeway. First protected by a former cop named Frank Quinn, she later joins him trying to find the killer."] ['Ben Cronin  is a star swimmer of his high school\'s swim team. His coach informs him that Stanford University scouts will appear at next week\'s swim meet. Ben and his girlfriend Amy  discuss their future plans. Amy has her heart set on going to school in Rhode Island, but explains that she will go to school in California to stay close to Ben. The next day, Ben nearly runs his car into Madison Bell  and gives her a ride home as an apology. Later, he realizes that Madison left her notebook in his car. The notebook is filled with music notes, and Ben spots his initials written inside a staff. When he brings the notebook to return it, he meets Madison\'s cousin, Christopher . Madison appears stressed, and explains that she hasn\'t eaten all day, so Ben offers to take her to dinner. At dinner, Ben tells Madison about his girlfriend, but Madison doesn\'t appear too bothered and explains that she has a boy waiting for her in New York City. Ben shares some of his past with Madison; he began doing drugs five years ago, which led to crime and six months in juvenile hall, which "saved him" because he ultimately realized his passion and talent for swimming. Although Ben tries to end the date, Madison convinces him to go to the pool. Her aggressive flirtation lures Ben in, and despite his initial hesitancy, the two end up having sex. However, both agree to remain friends and agree not to discuss their steamy encounter with anyone. The next night, Ben goes to a party at Amy\'s house. Amy introduces Ben to her new friend, who turns out to be Madison. The two pretend to have not met one another yet. Shortly after, Madison begins to obsess over Ben - she stops by his house to meet his mom and bombards Ben with e-mails and instant messages. Ben realizes her unhealthy behavior and furiously demands that she leave him alone. Ben\'s lying begins to eat at him, and he decides he will confess his infidelity to Amy, but Madison tells Amy first. Madison begins dating Ben\'s rival teammate, Josh. Right before their biggest swim competition, Ben is disqualified for having steroids in his urine. Ben is outraged and suspects that Madison had convinced Josh to set him up. Ben confronts Josh about the drug test, revealing his suspicion. Days later, Madison accidentally calls Josh by Ben\'s name while they are kissing in a car. Josh realizes that Madison\'s obsession with Ben is real, and tells her off. Ben tries to tell Amy everything, but she does not believe him. The next day, Ben goes to the pool, where he finds Josh dead. The police suspect that Ben is to blame for Josh\'s murder. To prove his innocence, Ben breaks into Madison\'s room to find evidence against her. He discovers a bottle of steroids, and a creepy shrine of his personal belongings that she has been secretly stashing. Christopher warns Ben of a similar case regarding a man named Jake Donnelly. When Ben visits Jake Donnelly  in the hospital, a nurse  tells him that Jake\'s girlfriend Madison survived the crash. Madison disguises herself as Ben and steals his car. She follows Amy home from school and runs Amy off the road, and again Ben is framed for the crime. That night at the hospital, Ben and a few friends  record Madison confessing her crime and intentions. The police arrest Madison. She manages to escape custody and take Amy as a hostage to the school\'s swimming pool. As Ben watches, Madison throws a handcuffed and chairbound Amy into the pool. Madison attacks them with the handle of a pool cleaner, and Ben grabs one end, pulling her into the pool. As Madison doesn\'t know how to swim, she drowns while Ben frees Amy from her handcuffs and carries her out of the pool. Ben gives Amy mouth to mouth and she becomes conscious. Some time  later, at a swim meet, Ben is a spectator. He goes outside to his car, where he and Amy kiss and happily drive away.'] ['US Customs officer Alex Brooks uncovers the plot of a Russian arms dealers who planned to smuggle nerve gas into the U.S. In order to avoid publicity, the boss of the small customs station in Alaska decides that the dangerous barrels should be sent to a safe compound by train. Meanwhile, the Russian terrorist responsible for the smuggling, Simeonov, is being delivered via plane to Washington until a group of his henchmen rescue him. Brooks and the Russian agent Natalya are the only people capable of stopping Simeonov and his group of terrorists from keeping control of the train carrying the deadly nerve gas.'] ["Claire Cooper  is a suburban housewife and mother who illustrates children's stories and is married to an airline pilot . Her perfect world unravels when her daughter is kidnapped and brutally murdered. Claire is haunted by her daughter's murderer, a serial killer named Vivian Thompson . She has several visions of murders he commits next. When doctors diagnose her as psychotic, Claire is committed to a mental institution. She receives a vision of Vivian kidnapping another child, so she escapes to track him down and stop him from killing again."] ["Lawyer T.K. represents Steven Seldes who claims he is innocent of involvement in making under-age porn movies. He is also her lover, so when she meets his wife things are awkward for her - he didn't say he was married and his wife turns out to be an old student friend. Next day she confronts him at his office and a fight ensues in which she injures him. But not kill him. Someone else does that."] ["In 1942, Vassili Zaitsev , a shepherd from the Ural Mountains who is now a soldier in the Red Army, finds himself on the front lines of the Battle of Stalingrad. Sent on a suicidal charge against the invading Germans, he uses impressive marksmanship skills—taught to him by his grandfather from a young age—to save himself and commissar Danilov . Nikita Khrushchev  arrives in Stalingrad to coordinate the city's defenses and demands ideas to improve morale. Danilov, now a Senior Lieutenant, suggests that the people need figures to idolize, and publishes tales of Vassili's exploits in the army's newspaper that paint him as a national hero and propaganda icon. Vassili is transferred to the sniper division, and he and Danilov become friends. They also both become romantically interested in Tania , a citizen of Stalingrad who has become a Private in the local militia. Danilov has her transferred to an intelligence unit away from the battlefield. With the Soviet snipers taking an increasing toll on the German forces, German Major Erwin König  is deployed to Stalingrad to take out Vassili and thus crush Soviet morale. A renowned marksman and head of the German Army sniper school at Zossen, he lures Vassili into a trap and takes out two of his fellow snipers, but Vassili manages to escape. When the Red Army command learns of König's mission, they dispatch his former student Koulikov  to help Vassili kill him. However, König tricks Koulikov into revealing his position and kills him with a very skillful shot, shaking Vassili's spirits considerably. Khrushchev pressures Danilov to bring the sniper standoff to a conclusion. When Tania requests to be reassigned to the sniper division, Danilov asks Vassili to discourage her. Vassili attempts to do so, but relents when Tania tells him how her Jewish parents were murdered by the Germans. Danilov recruits young local boy Sacha Fillipov , who idolizes Vassili and does small jobs for the Germans in exchange for food, to act as a double agent by passing König false information about Vassili's whereabouts, thus giving Vassili a chance to ambush the Major. Vassili sets a trap for König and manages to wound him, but during a second attempt Vassili falls asleep after many hours and his sniper log is taken by a looting German soldier. The German command takes the log as evidence of Vassili's death and plans to send König home, but the Major does not believe that Vassili is dead. He tells Sacha where he will be next, suspecting that the boy will tell Vassili. Tania and Vassili have meanwhile fallen in love, and the jealous Danilov disparages Vassili in a letter to his superiors. König spots Tania and Vassili waiting for him at his next ambush, confirming his suspicions about Sacha. He kills the boy and hangs his body from a pole to bait Vassili. Vassili vows to kill König and sends Tania and Danilov to evacuate Sacha's mother  from the city, but Tania is wounded by shrapnel en route to the evacuation boats. Thinking her dead, Danilov laments his jealousy for Vassili and his resulting disenchantment with the communist cause. Finding Vassili waiting to ambush König, Danilov intentionally exposes himself in order to reveal the Major's position and is killed. Thinking he has killed Vassili, König goes to inspect the body, but realizes too late that he has fallen into a trap and is in Vassili's sights. He turns to face Vassili, who then kills him. Two months later, after Stalingrad has been liberated and the German forces have surrendered, Vassili finds Tania recovering in a field hospital."] ['During the opening credits, a woman drives to a train station on New Year\'s Eve to retrieve a satchel full of cash. Later that night, she is strangled, and her left ring finger is removed. In New York, struggling actress Katie McGovern  lives with her husband Rob Sweeney  and her brother Roland , who is visiting the couple. At an audition, Mr. Murray  hires her immediately. The pair drive upstate into the teeth of a raging snow storm. When they arrive at the home of Dr. Joseph Lewis , he graciously greets Katie from his wheelchair. He gives her a tour of the house, which features a number of trophies from his hunting days, including two massive stuffed polar bears. Katie asks to use the phone to call Rob but finds it has no dial tone. Dr. Lewis explains that the storm must have downed the lines and that Mr. Murray would drive her into town in the morning to make her call if they were still down. Over dinner, Dr. Lewis explains that Katie has been hired to replace Julie Rose, an actress who had a nervous breakdown during a film shoot. Katie is stunned to see photos of Julie, exclaiming, "I could be her sister!" Dr. Lewis explains that they will shoot a test reel on videotape tomorrow, which the director will view when he arrives. The following day, Mr. Murray tries to drive Katie into town to make her phone call, but his car will not start. Mr. Murray then cuts and dyes Katie\'s hair to match the photos of Julie. Katie asks him how he met Dr. Lewis. Mr. Murray explains that Dr. Lewis was his psychiatrist. The shoot goes well. Katie\'s lines are all about the attack seen at the beginning of the film. That evening, Mr. Murray sneaks out of the house and reconnects the car\'s ignition. He drives to another house nearby where a woman, whose face is never shown, watches him from her window. He slips the videotape into her mail slot, and she watches the video of Katie. After the test reel footage, Dr. Lewis appears on the video to tell the viewer that they need to meet. The next morning, as Katie looks for Dr. Lewis she stumbles upon a notebook with Polaroids of Julie\'s corpse. Horrified, she confronts Dr. Lewis with the evidence. He explains that Julie\'s nervous breakdown ended with her suicide and apologizes for leaving out that detail. Later that day in the parlor, Katie is startled by a pop in the fireplace, where she sees her driver\'s license burning. Unable to retrieve it, she rushes to her room and sees that all of her ID is missing from her wallet. As night falls, Katie sneaks out of the house without a coat. She tries to steal the car, but it is locked. The weather is so ferocious that she ends up crawling to the top of a hill where, to her horror, Mr. Murray is waiting for her. Back at the house, she demands to know what is going on. Dr. Lewis pretends her imagination is running wild. Katie realizes that Mr. Murray has drugged her hot chocolate, and she returns to her room, barricading the door with a mound of furniture before she passes out. As she sleeps, Mr. Murray enters her room from behind her full-length mirror. Katie wakes up in a fresh sleeping gown with a bandaged hand. She peels off the bandages to find that her left ring finger has been removed. Seeing that her barricade is undisturbed, Katie quickly finds the door behind the mirror and sees a staircase to the attic, which has a working phone. She calls Rob and explains that they are going to kill her. Rob asks where she is, but Katie can only remember vague landmarks about the drive upstate. Rob orders her to hang up the phone and call the police, which she does. As she collapses on a sofa, she sees the body of Julie Rose. Mr. Murray arrives and rips the handset out of the phone, taking her back downstairs to Dr. Lewis. As Dr. Lewis redresses her finger, he explains that Julia was involved in a vicious family feud with her sister, Evelyn. As a radical therapy, Dr. Lewis had convinced her to blackmail her sister, theorizing that it would help her achieve a catharsis. He was pleased with Julie\'s progress, but did not expect Evelyn to kill her, ordering the hit man to take her finger as proof. During his explanation, the police arrive. Dr. Lewis has just sedated Katie, and the combination of the sedative which confuses Katie and Dr. Lewis\' claim that she is his patient convince the police to leave without much of an investigation. Meanwhile, Rob and Roland have begun to drive upstate, using the handful of clues they have to try to locate Katie. When Katie wakes again, Evelyn is standing over her. Dr. Lewis is displaying Katie to prove that Julie is still alive and continue the blackmail. Katie slowly emerges from the sedative as Mr. Murray returns her to her room. Awake again, she fakes an escape attempt, luring Dr. Lewis and Mr. Murray out of the house. She pleads with Evelyn to help her escape, but Evelyn is convinced she is really Julie and attacks her. Katie kills Evelyn and poses as her to try to escape. When Mr. Murray realizes the ruse, Katie stabs him in the neck. Dr. Lewis is also not fooled by the disguise and lunges out of his wheelchair at Katie. Using a fire poker as a crutch, he follows her upstairs and eventually into the attic, where Katie manages to kill him. Rob and Roland arrive with the police, who they had convinced to revisit the house.'] ["When a bus crashes due to faulty brakes, passenger Jim Ackland  sustains a serious brain injury and a young girl under his care is killed. Guilt-ridden, he attempts suicide twice during his recovery. He starts a new job as an industrial chemist and gets a room in a hotel. When he reluctantly accepts an invitation for a night out, he meets Jenny Carden , the sister of his co-worker, Harry . They begin seeing each other quite regularly. Things reach the point where he confesses he wants to marry her, but he tells her he wants to be sure he has fully recovered first. Molly Newman , one of the other hotel residents, asks to borrow £30 from him, a rather substantial sum. As he doesn't have that much on him, Jim good-naturedly writes her a cheque. She is found strangled the next night. Wilcox , the married businessman Molly had been seeing, has an alibi. Jim admits to have been walking in the vicinity of the murder site; that plus the cheque and his head injury make him the prime suspect. Police Inspector Godby  suspects he was another of Molly's boyfriends and that, after falling in love with Jenny, he wanted to rid himself of a possible blackmailer. When Jim learns that Mr. Peachy, the person who lived in the room directly below Molly's, had told the police that Jim was in her room every night, Jim confronts him in his room. Peachy brazenly admits killing Molly, confident that there is no evidence against him. Peachy had regularly given her money; when Jim made her a loan, it had given rise to an insane jealousy, with fatal results. Jim goes to the police, but they do not believe him. When they come to take him into custody, Jim flees. He follows Peachy to London, then discovers from a tag on Peachy's luggage that he intends to flee the country by plane. He phones Godby with the flight information, but when that has no effect, contemplates suicide again. Fortunately, a letter Molly had posted to Wilcox just before her death incriminates Peachy. Jenny finds Jim and gives him the good news."] ['16-year-old Katie Embry  and 17-year-old Becca Kotler  are bored at home and watching TV. Eventually, they discuss a supposedly cursed videotape while alone at home at the former\'s house. According to legend, those who watch the tape die seven days later. Katie reveals that seven days ago, she went to a cabin at Shelter Mountain Inn with her boyfriend, where she viewed the video tape. The girls laugh it off, but after a series of strange occurrences in the next few minutes, involving a television in the house turning itself on, Katie dies mysteriously and horrifically while Becca watches, leading to Becca\'s institutionalization in a mental hospital. Katie\'s cousin, Aidan , is visibly affected by the death. After Katie\'s funeral, Ruth Embry  asks her sister Rachel , who is Aidan\'s mother and a journalist, to investigate Katie\'s death, which leads her to the cabin where Katie watched the tape. Rachel finds and watches the tape; the phone rings, and she hears a child\'s voice say "seven days", upsetting Rachel. The next day, Rachel calls Noah , her ex-boyfriend, to show him the video and asks for his assistance based upon his media-related skills. He asks her to make a copy for further investigation, which she does, but later takes it home herself. After viewing the tape, Rachel begins experiencing nightmares, nose bleeds, and surreal situations . Increasingly anxious about getting to the origin of the tape, Rachel investigates images of a woman seen in the tape. Using a video lab, she discovers images in the tape\'s overscan area, which through further research she discovers to be a lighthouse located on Moesko Island. It also turns out that the tape\'s overscan does not include time code, which hints that the tape was not made using electronic equipment. The woman turns out to be Anna Morgan , who lived on the island in Washington, many years prior with her husband Richard ([[Brian Cox . Rachel discovers that, after bringing home an adopted daughter, tragedy befell the Morgan ranch{{spaced ndash}}the horses raised on the ranch went mad and killed themselves, which in turn supposedly had caused Anna  to become depressed and commit suicide. After waking from a particularly jarring nightmare, Rachel is horrified to discover Aidan watching the tape. Panicked, she calls Noah, revealing that Noah is Aidan\'s father. Rachel goes to the Morgan house and finds Richard, who refuses to talk about the video or his daughter and sends Rachel away. A local doctor tells Rachel that Anna could not carry a baby to term and adopted a child named Samara . Dr. Grasnik  recounts that Anna soon complained about gruesome visions that only happened when Samara was around, so both were sent to a mental institution. While Rachel is investigating on Moesko Island, Noah is investigating the institution, where he finds Anna\'s file and discovers that there was a video of Samara, but the video is missing. Back at the ranch, Rachel sneaks back to the Morgan house where she discovers a box containing the missing video and a live centipede that was shown in Samara\'s tape. Rachel watches it, and is confronted by Richard who claims that she and her son will die, and that there is nothing they can do about it. He then electrocutes himself in the bathtub, sending Rachel running out of the room screaming. Noah arrives and, with Rachel, goes to the barn to discover an attic where Samara was kept by her father. Behind the wallpaper they discover an image of a tree seen on the tape, which grows near the Shelter Mountain Inn. At the inn, they discover a well underneath the floor, in which Rachel finds Samara\'s skeletal corpse, experiencing a vision of how her mother pushed her into it. Rachel notifies the authorities and, feeling sorry for Samara, gives her a proper burial. Rachel informs Aidan that they will no longer be troubled by Samara. However, Aidan is horrified, telling his mother she had freed her body, and that Samara "never sleeps" and that she was not supposed to help Samara. While he says this, his nose begins to bleed. In his apartment, Noah\'s TV turns on, revealing an image in which a decaying Samara crawls from the well and out of the TV into the room. Horrified, Noah trips backward and tries to crawl away from Samara. Samara faces him, exposes her true face and stares directly at him, killing him with fear, which Rachel discovers after racing to his apartment and seeing his face distorted like Katie\'s was. Upon returning to her apartment, Rachel destroys and burns the original tape. Wondering why she had not died like the others, she remembers that she made a copy of the tape. Rachel realizes the only way to escape and save Aidan is to have him copy the tape and show it to someone else, continuing the cycle. Rachel helps Aidan copy the tape, who asks her what is going to happen to the person they give the tape to. She does not respond as a shot of the well is shown in the tape. Then the screen goes to black static and ends with a few pictures from the tape.'] ['The film opens with a man driving a circus trailer down a silent road. He meets up with another man, John, and it is revealed that he is attempting to purchase a tiger for the creation of a "Safari Ranch". Initially not believing the tiger looks dangerous or exciting enough, the seller tells him a gruesome story and claims that the tiger is evil. We then see his stepdaughter, Kelly , with her autistic brother, Tom, whom she has taken to a special hospital in order for him to get the care he needs while she is at college. However, Kelly\'s check is rejected and when she phones her bank she is informed that John withdrew all the money and closed the account. Bringing the tiger home John instructs his workers, illegal immigrants, to board up the house against the coming hurricane. As the windows are secured Kelly confronts John and begs him to give her the remainder of the money, but he reveals that he spent it on a tiger and there isn\'t anything left. Upset, Kelly calls her college professor and asked to defer her start to college until the second semester, citing family issues, but is revealed that she is on a scholarship and has already deferred twice, her professor threatens to give the scholarship money to someone else if she does not start college that semester. After sending Tom to bed, she undresses and goes to bed as well, dreaming of suffocating Tom so she wouldn\'t have to take care of him anymore. While she sleeps, the front door is opened, and an unknown person releases the tiger into the house. Waking, Kelly goes downstairs to the kitchen for a drink, finding a note from John claiming that he has gone to the store. Returning upstairs, she hears sounds in the house and as she decides to investigate, she sees the tiger cross the foyer beneath her. In her room she tries to break open a window, but find it is boarded up; as she moves around the house she discovers that all of the windows and the doors have been secured and she is trapped. Tom is missing from his bed, and she is unable to use the house phone as the hurricane has brought down the phone lines, finding her phone is not on the charger where it is supposed to be she realises that she has accidentally dropped it down the laundry chute with her clothes. She sneaks into the laundry room to retrieve it, but due to the high volume of calls, is unable to contact emergency services, we see John sitting in a bar drinking beer. Kelly tries to break the laundry room window and finds that it is loose, but the tiger quickly hears her banging at the wood and breaks down the door. Kelly climbs into the laundry chute and hides while the tiger prowls the laundry room. As she sweats profusely the phone begins to ring, it is 911 attempting to return her call, but the tiger smashes the handset. Just as the tiger is about to leave a drop of sweat falls to the floor and the tiger investigates, licking the floor before looking up into the chute. It attacks, but Kelly is able to climb up the chute and escape to the second floor. In the bathroom she finds Tom sitting quietly, she takes him down to the kitchen where his loud demands for breakfast threaten to draw the tiger\'s attention. Taking some ground beef from the refrigerator, Kelly rolls some pills into the meat and drops it in the hallway in hope of drugging the tiger. She takes Tom to hide in John\'s room, logging on to his computer, but finds that the internet is also down due to the storm. She and Tom hide in the guest room, which is being redecorated, Kelly has Tom hide in the closet while she tries to break through one of the windows, but the tiger manages to break through the door. In the closet, Kelly breaks through the dry wall into the hall but the tiger claws her leg as she is climbing through the hole. Bleeding heavily, Kelly and Tom hide in John\'s study, where she pushes the heavy desk against the door. She bandages her leg and discovers that John has taken out life insurance policies on both her and Tom. In the study she finds a handgun, but there are only five bullets, she loads the gun and sneaks out into the hallway hoping to shoot the tiger, she tells Tom to go to the laundry room. As the tiger approaches, she cocks the gun but the first chamber is empty and Kelly is forced to flee. In the laundry room she is able to break the board over the window and climbs out just as the tiger breaks in and leaps to attack her. She runs to her car, but as she tries to start the engine she wrestles with the knowledge that Tom is still in the house and doesn\'t realise how much danger he is in. She returns to the house and climbs back in through the window. Upon finding Tom she intends to lead him to the laundry room, but as the tiger attacks she instructs Tom to climb into the massive chest freezer John had bought upon deciding to open the Safari Ranch, safe from the tiger she hums a lullaby so Tom will fall asleep. The next morning Kelly wakes to the faint sounds of drilling, it is John removing the board from the front door. Kelly and Tom climb out of the freezer and walk into the foyer to see John wielding a rifle and intending to kill the tiger. Kelly says that the police would never believe her if she told, and Tom doesn\'t understand what happened, so John should let them go. John reveals that Kelly\'s mom was going to leave him, so he killed her and made it look like suicide. At this moment the tiger leaps at John and drags him a few feet away to begin eating, allowing Kelly and Tom to sneak out of the house. Standing outside in the wreckage of the previous night\'s storm, Tom takes Kelly\'s hand and they begin to walk across the yard.'] ["Jane and her family travel to Scotland to spend time with Jane's mother. Unbeknownst to Jane and her family, their relatives have been murdered by a sinister force, and that dark and unnatural something remains, waiting for them. Despite her best efforts, the already established tensions with her daughter Chloe only manage to escalate, while her son and her lover have troubles of their own."] ['Holmes is visited by Mr. Chalmers, an insurance agent with a strange tale. Seven elderly single men, calling themselves "The Good Comrades", live together in the remote Scottish castle of Drearcliffe House, near the village of Inverneill. Recently one of the "Good Comrades" received a strange message, an envelope containing nothing but seven orange pips. That night, he was murdered and his body horribly mutilated. A few days later, the second envelope was delivered, this time containing six pips, and the recipient also died mysteriously soon afterwards, his battered corpse being recovered from the base of the cliffs. Chalmers holds £100,000 of life insurance policies on the seven men, and suspects that one is systematically murdering the others in order to collect the money, and begs Holmes to investigate. Holmes and Watson arrive at the scene only to find another murder has occurred. This man received five orange pips, and his body was burned to a crisp. Lestrade also arrives to investigate. Despite Holmes\' best efforts, three more deaths occur, each time leaving the victim\'s body unrecognisable. Lestrade jumps to the obvious conclusion, that the last surviving member, Mr. Bruce Alistair, murdered all the others. However, after Watson goes missing, Holmes has deduced the truth and leads Lestrade  to a secret room where all the "Good Comrades" - alive and well - are hiding with Watson tied up. Holmes explains that Alistair was the victim of a plot to frame him for murder and collect the insurance money by the other six.Davies, David Stuart, Holmes of the Movies  ISBN 450 03358 9 They even killed the local tobacconist, Alec MacGregor, because he didn\'t believe in ghosts and saw one of the presumed-dead comrades on the beach alive and wrote a note to Lestrade. Unfortunately, the note was intercepted and read before it reached Holmes.'] ['Danny Sloan  is an art student who works in a record shop. He visits his friend Billy , who is in drug rehab in hospital. Billy suggests Danny goes to see the "psycho ward" before he leaves, to see Byron Volpe , a serial killer kept in a padded cell after being convicted of murdering his wife Madeline  by hypnotizing her into jumping from a building. Volpe is explained to have extraordinary powers of hypnotism, and is kept restrained and hooded to stop hospital staff from seeing his eyes. During the visit, Danny sees Laura Baxter  sleeping in the room next to Volpe. She suffers from a form of parasomnia in which she sleeps most of the time, and wakes occasionally for short periods of time. Danny falls in love with Laura, and continues to visit her at the hospital. When he finds out that she is due to move to a clinic run by Dr. Bhyle  where she will be used for medical experimentation, he resolves to rescue her. Disguised as a doctor from the Bhyle clinic, he kidnaps her and takes her to his apartment. The following morning Danny discovers that a neighbor has been murdered, and Laura attacks him with a knife while seemingly in a trance. When Detective Conroy, investigating the neighbor\'s death, comes to Danny\'s apartment, Laura kills him. Danny decides that Volpe must be controlling her, and decides that he must kill Volpe to stop him. He buys a handgun and visits the hospital, but Volpe overpowers him, escapes and takes Laura. Danny visits Volpe\'s derelict book shop, where Detective Garrett  finds him. After Volpe speaks to Garrett on the phone, he too falls under Volpe\'s control and takes Danny to Volpe. Volpe then sets Garrett to repeatedly playing Russian roulette. Volpe explains to Danny that rather than just kill him, he must make Laura forget about Danny so that she will love only Volpe. Volpe hypnotizes Danny into denouncing his love for Laura, but the sound of a gunshot made by Garrett shooting himself breaks the spell, and Danny and Laura fight and finally defeat Volpe. Garrett, who was only wounded by the gunshot, then shoots Danny in the side of the head, rendering him comatose. The film ends with Danny and Laura being cared for together by Dr. Corso  back at the hospital. Casting Director Gabrielle Evans'] ['Hope Cassidy  is a young computer systems analyst who travels to Istanbul for a job. While on her flight to Istanbul, she meets an air hostess, and then a taxi driver upon her arrival to the city. She soon discovers that her passport is no longer valid, and the new one issued by the American consulate contains the wrong name. She learns that her identity has been stolen, and that certain people are out to kill her.'] ['Jeffrey leads a quiet existence. Living in constant fear of being labeled a psychopath, Jeffrey constructs a complex world of denial. He is haunted by the spirits of the vengeful dead, which he can see while no one else can. After meeting Dana, a beautiful young woman who shares his "sight", Jeffery finds comfort in knowing someone shares his affliction. But his comfort is short lived as Dana suddenly goes missing and Jeffrey is left alone to find the answers.'] ['Famed novelist Paul Sheldon  is the author of a successful series of novels involving a character called Misery Chastain. But Paul wants to branch out and has just finished the manuscript of a new unrelated novel. He departs from Silver Creek, Colorado to head to Los Angeles but is caught in a blizzard and his car goes off the road. He is rescued by a nurse named Annie Wilkes  and brought to her remote home. Both of Paul\'s legs are broken and he has a dislocated shoulder, so he is bedridden and incapacitated. Annie claims she is his "number one fan" and talks a lot about him and his novels. She\'s happy when Paul lets her read his new novel, but later admits she disliked the excessive swearing. While feeding him, she is angered and spills soup on him but regains control and apologizes. She buys a copy of Paul\'s latest book, Misery\'s Child, but after learning that he has "killed off" Misery, Annie flies into a rage, almost smashing a table on Paul\'s head. She reveals that nobody knows where he is . Annie leaves and Paul tries to escape from his room, but she has locked the door. The next morning, Annie makes Paul burn his latest manuscript. When he is well enough to get out of bed, she insists he write a new novel entitled Misery\'s Return in which he brings the character back to life. Paul reluctantly does, believing Annie might kill him otherwise. However, having found a means of escaping his room, he sneaks out whenever Annie is away and begins to stockpile his painkillers. He tries to kill Annie during a candlelit dinner, but is foiled when she accidentally spills her drugged wine. During another venture out of his room, Paul finds a scrapbook of newspaper clippings about his disappearance and Annie\'s past. He discovers that she was suspected and tried for several infants\' deaths. Later, Annie drugs Paul and straps him to the bed. When he wakes, she tells him that she knows he\'s been out of his room and breaks his ankles with a sledgehammer in an act of "hobbling". Meanwhile, the local sheriff, Buster , is investigating Paul\'s disappearance and visits Annie, prompted by his discovery of a quote she used from a Misery book during her trial years earlier. While there, Buster finds that Paul has been drugged and hidden in the basement. Annie fatally shoots Buster, and tells Paul that they must die together. He agrees, but says he wants to finish the novel and "give Misery back to the world". While she gets his chair, Paul hides a can of lighter fluid in his pants. When the book is done, he reminds Annie it is his practice to have a single cigarette and a glass of champagne after finishing a novel. When Annie presents these things to Paul, he tells her that this time, he will need a second glass, for her. As Annie goes to get a second glass, Paul douses the manuscript in the lighter fluid and as Annie returns with the glass, he sets it on fire, much as she made him do to his earlier, post-Misery novel. Paul and Annie engage in a fierce struggle that ends with Paul bludgeoning Annie to death. Eighteen months later, Paul  meets his publishing agent Marcia  in a restaurant. The two discuss his first non-Misery novel, titled The Higher Education of J. Philip Stone, which is earning critical acclaim prior to release, a first for him. However, Paul is indifferent to this because he wrote that novel for himself, something that, in a way, Annie inspired him to do. Marcia asks if he wants to write a non-fiction book about his captivity, but Paul is non-committal. While at the restaurant, he sees a waitress whom he briefly imagines as Annie. The waitress claims she is his "number one fan", to which Paul uncomfortably responds "That\'s very sweet of you."'] ['Jim Halsey , a young man delivering a car from Chicago to San Diego, spots a man hitchhiking and gives him a ride. The man, John Ryder , is brooding and soft-spoken; when Jim passes a stranded car, however, Ryder\'s personality suddenly shifts. Ryder calmly states that the reason the car is stranded is because he murdered and mutilated the driver, and he intends to do the same to Jim. Terrified, Jim asks what Ryder wants. He replies, "I want you to stop me." Ryder produces a switchblade knife and taunts Jim for several moments before Jim realizes Ryder had never put on his seat belt and that the car door was left ajar, so he knocks him out of the car\'s passenger door. Relieved, Jim continues on his journey but sees Ryder in the back of a family car with a couple\'s girls. He tries to warn them but loses control of his car and spins off the road. He continues driving and after a while comes across the family\'s car, with blood oozing out the doors. He carries onwards and pulls into an abandoned gas station to use a phone. While there, Ryder corners him in the garage, but simply throws back the keys he took from Jim\'s car and leaves. Jim chases after him, rushing outside into a rising sandstorm, but Ryder has already hitched a ride with a man in a truck and leaves. Jim continues driving and eventually sees another gas station. While filling up his car, Ryder attempts to run him over, crashing into the pumps, causing gas to flood onto the concrete. As Jim attempts to flee Ryder drops a match, igniting the spilled gas. The ensuing explosion destroys the gas station. Jim\'s car bursts from the flames and speeds away. Jim eventually stops at a roadside diner, where he meets a pretty young waitress named Nash  and calls the police. She then serves him a cheeseburger and French fries; he starts to relax. Upon discovering a severed finger among the fries, Jim realizes Ryder is present and attempts to flee. Two police officers arrive and, quickly finding Ryder\'s bloody switchblade in Jim\'s pocket, arrest him. Jim wakes up in his cell and soon finds the door is unlocked. When he leaves he discovers all the officers at the station have had their throats slit. He steals a gun and flees. While attempting to use a payphone at another gas station, he sees a police car driving up. Holding the two officers in the car hostage, he orders them to get in and drive while he rides in the back. As they are driving, Jim speaks via radio to the officer in charge of Jim\'s case, Captain Esteridge . He and the two officers in the car convince Jim to trust them and surrender, but Ryder pulls up alongside the police car and kills the two officers. The car crashes by the side of the road and Ryder disappears once again. Jim contemplates suicide but resolves to keep going. At a cafe, Jim is sitting in the booth and suddenly Ryder appears in front of him. He holds Ryder at gunpoint who tells him the gun is unloaded. He leaves bullet in a serviette for Jim and departs. On seeing a stopped bus at the cafe, Jim sneaks on and hides in the bathroom. When Nash gets on and knocks on the door, he grabs her and tries to explain his situation. They sit down at the back of the bus and Jim tells his story. A police car then pulls the bus over. Knowing the police know he is on board, Jim gives himself up. The two officers are furious, believing Jim just killed two of their colleagues. One officer tells Jim to wipe his wrist. Knowing that once he does he will be shot in what will look like an act of self-defense, Jim refuses. This infuriates the officer further and he threatens to shoot Jim anyway. Suddenly Nash appears and holds the two officers hostage. Once they drop their weapons Nash and Jim flee. Ryder has been watching the entire event nearby. The two flee and and are chased by two police cars; as they come level, Jim slams on the brakes and one police car shoots the tyres of the other, resulting in a carnage. Nash and Jim flee again only to be chased by a helicopter and new patrol cars. Ryder helps them by shooting down a police helicopter, which crashes and wrecks several police cruisers that had been coming after them. In a motel, Nash is kidnapped by Ryder while Jim is in the bathroom. When Jim begins looking for Nash he is grabbed by Esteridge and another officer who, instead of arresting him, say they "Have a situation". Jim sees a large trailer and a truck with Nash tied up in-between. Esteridge informs Jim that Ryder asked for him specifically and that his men cannot shoot him as his foot will slip off the clutch, which would kill Nash. Once Jim gets in the truck, Ryder gives him a gun and tells him to shoot, but Jim is unable to do so. Ryder, disappointed, presses down the accelerator and rips Nash in half. Ryder is arrested, but the police are unsure of what to do with him, as they cannot find any information on him at all. As Ryder is being transferred to another facility, Jim cannot contain the urge to kill Ryder in revenge for the death of Nash, so he steals Esteridge\'s weapon and car, forces the police captain out of the vehicle, and goes after Ryder. As he is driving behind the police bus, the door swings open to reveal Ryder has killed all officers inside. He jumps onto the hood of Jim\'s car, but Jim hits the brakes and throws him off. Ryder stands up and begins firing at Jim\'s vehicle, until Jim runs him over and seizes his weapon. Ryder slowly gets up once again behind him and smiles. Jim finally shoots and kills him. The film ends with Jim in a similar silhouette to Ryder, cast against a blood red sky as he lights a cigarette.'] ["The film begins in the outskirts of rural New Mexico where an unconscious Frank Kavanaugh  is discovered by two local ranch hands. Suffering from a gunshot wound to the head, he is rushed to a nearby hospital in a small town called Black Point. Due to the extent of his injuries, Kavanaugh is placed in an intensive care unit under the care of a trauma nurse named Liz . After regaining consciousness, Kavanaugh is interviewed by Sheriff Kolb , however, because of his head injuries, he is unable to explain what has transpired due to a case of temporary amnesia. Given his condition, Kavanaugh is ordered to stay in the hospital for closer observation. Much to their dismay, Sheriff Kolb and his deputies are unable to find any clues as to what might have happened to Kavanaugh. After a thorough search of the crime scene, Sheriff Kolb returns to the hospital to find that Kavanaugh, in a violent and confused state, is claiming to have knowledge of a possible assassination attempt on the president of the United States. Dr. Conway  persuades Kavanaugh to remain calm and later explains to Sheriff Kolb that his paranoia stems from a delusional side effect of the amnesia. Amongst the added confusion, Kavanaugh experiences a myriad of images that could be pure fantasy or actual pre-amnesiatic memories. The most vivid image, one in which a dark, shadowy figure is seen talking with a mysterious woman named Ms. K , hints at various details of a possible assassination attempt involving key government parties. However, because of Kavanaugh's deranged state, he is unable to differentiate between realism and fantasy. Sheriff Kolb believes that there is some credibility to Kavanaugh's story and continues to question him. To further complicate matters for Kavanaugh, his fiancée, Chloe  arrives at the hospital and makes arrangements for his immediate release. It is then revealed through Chloe that she and Kavanaugh are actually from Chicago and that Kavanaugh works for the IRS. She produces documentation that verifies Kavanaugh's employment with the government, and further explains to Sheriff Kolb that she and Kavanaugh were in New Mexico on vacation. She also produces a seaside photo of Kavanaugh and herself walking on a beach as further proof that she is his fiancée. Kavanaugh still strongly believes in an imminent attempt on the President's life and later calls the US Secret Service and warns them of an assassination plot that will occur in Black Point within the next few days. Distraught over his situation, Chloe convinces Kavanaugh to leave the hospital with her, and she drives him back to the motel they had checked into a few days earlier. Incidentally, recent news updates reveal that the President and his campaign team have been touring the Southwest and will arrive in New Mexico within the next few days."] ["A man is snatched from the streets of his home city and transported to an unknown destination. Held in a tiny cell with no access to legal representation, he is cut off from the outside world. Advanced interrogation techniques are used to break him down. His life is deconstructed with such manipulation that even he begins to question his innocence. He is transported again, in a small jet marked only 'N379P', to the searing heat of an unspecified locale where interrogation is quickly replaced by sophisticated torture. No reason is offered for his detention and no timetable is set for his release. No governments are mentioned, no radical factions named, no fingers pointed. There is nothing for him to hang onto. The man has fallen out of the world, and only questions remain."] ['Special Agent Jennifer Marsh  is a widowed single parent living in a suburban Portland home with her daughter, Annie Haskins . At night, she works in the FBI\'s cybercrime division with Griffin Dowd , fighting identity theft and similar crimes. One night, an anonymous tip leads them to a website called KillWithMe.com. The site features a streaming video of a kitten being tortured and killed. The website cannot be shut down, as the creator knew that someone would try and built into it a fail-safe; every time the server is closed, a mirror server immediately replaces it. After the kitten\'s death, KillWithMe.com\'s webmaster graduates to human victims and makes their deaths correlate directly with the number of hits the site receives. At a press conference, the public is urged to avoid the website, but as Jennifer feared this only increases the site\'s popularity. The videos are recorded in the killer\'s basement and his various victims include a helicopter pilot , a newscaster , and Griffin Dowd . At first it seems the victims were randomly chosen, but this is revealed to be untrue: the first two victims were chosen because they were part of filming or presenting the suicide of a junior college teacher. The teacher\'s unstable techno prodigy son, Owen Reilly ([[Joseph Cross , broke down and was admitted to a psychiatric hospital. When released, he decided to prove a point; that the public\'s interest in the suffering of others is insatiable, as well as wreak vengeance on those he felt had exploited his father\'s death. Griffin was killed because he came close to discovering the murderer\'s identity, and Jennifer is soon targeted after figuring this out as well. Captured by Owen, Jennifer escapes her death by cultivator by swinging out of the way while dangling from the ceiling. She breaks free and pins down the murderer, fatally shooting Owen on his own website as the police arrive. As the film ends, Jennifer displays her FBI badge and the scene closes with a shot of the dwindling chatter in the website\'s chat room, showing statements being made such as "a genius died today" as well as "glad the killer is dead", and a final comment asking whether the video could be downloaded.'] ['{{Plot}} In the last days of December 1999, Los Angeles has become a dangerously volatile war zone. As a group of criminals rob a Chinese restaurant, the event is recorded by a robber wearing a \'SQUID\', or "Superconducting Quantum Interference Device", which records events directly from the wearer\'s cerebral cortex, and when played back through a MiniDisc-like device allow a user to experience the recorder\'s memory as if was his or her own. Lenny Nero  is a former LAPD officer turned black marketeer who deals in bootleg SQUID recordings. His main supplier, Tick , tries to sell the robbery clip to him. Lenny initially refuses, due to the recording ending with the wearer\'s death, but eventually agrees to buy it at a reduced price, intending to edit it. Meanwhile, a call girl named Iris  is being chased by two police officers as she flees to the subway, jumping aboard one of the trains. As the train departs, one of the officers shatters a window and grabs Iris; her wig is pulled off as she struggles, revealing a SQUID recorder headset inside. While Lenny acts smooth with his clients, in private he pines for his ex-girlfriend Faith , while relying on his two best friends, bodyguard Lornette "Mace" Mason  and private investigator Max Peltier , for emotional support. Mace\'s relationship with Lenny is strained, due to her unrequited feelings for him and her disapproval of his SQUID-dealing business. While the three are drinking together at a bar, Iris arrives, drops a disc through the sunroof of Lenny\'s car and attempts to explain her predicament to him, but flees when she sees police nearby. Lenny\'s illegally-parked car is towed away before Lenny can find the disc. Hours later, Lenny receives a "blackjack"  SQUID from an anonymous sender, and watches in horror as Iris gets brutally raped and strangled to death. Disturbed by the recording and Iris\'s warnings about Faith\'s safety, Lenny tries to get Faith away from her new boyfriend, music industry mogul Philo Gant , but to no avail. Lenny later receives more snuff tapes. He and Mace discover that the deaths are tied to a cover-up of the murder of rapper and social commentator Jeriko One  and one of his band mates by two renegade LAPD officers. As they are hunted by the two policemen, Burton Steckler and Dwayne Engelman , Lenny discovers that Iris witnessed  the murders. Lenny, Mace, and Max meet at Tick\'s on New Year\'s Eve, only to discover that Tick has been rendered brain-dead from exposure to highly amplified SQUID recordings. Mace insists that the truth behind Jeriko\'s murder go public, but Max insinuates that if it did, the city would destroy itself from within. Lenny concludes that the assault on Tick was committed by the same person that killed Iris and fears Faith will be next. Lenny and Mace confront Faith about the truth behind Jeriko\'s death. Faith mentions that Philo has been monitoring his inner circle. Concerned that Jeriko might be looking for a new manager, Philo hired Iris to spy on him. Realizing that Philo must have ordered the killer to murder Iris, Lenny convinces Faith to escape with them, but Philo\'s henchmen stop them. As midnight approaches, Lenny and Mace sneak into a private New Year\'s party at the Bonaventure Hotel that Philo is hosting for the city\'s wealthy elite. Lenny gives the disk to Mace so she can deliver it to Deputy Police Commissioner Palmer Strickland . Upon entering Philo\'s penthouse suite, Lenny finds another SQUID disk which shows Faith apparently being raped and killed. Refusing to watch anymore, Lenny finds a body covered in bedsheets and pulls the sheets aside to find Philo, whose brain has been overwhelmed in the same manner as Tick\'s. Lenny watches the remainder of the clip and discovers the killer is Max. He only pretended to kill Faith and it becomes apparent that the two have become lovers. In the clip, Philo enters the room and Max forces him to run the amplified recording. After the clip ends, Max and Faith enter the room. Max disarms Lenny and shoots Philo with Lenny\'s gun, explaining that he set Philo up because he wanted to have Faith killed for what she knew about Jeriko One\'s death, and that he now intends to frame Lenny for Philo\'s murder. As Max is about to shoot Lenny, Faith has a change of heart and attacks Max. In the ensuing fight, Lenny tries to throw Max off the balcony and Max grabs Lenny\'s necktie, leaving both of them dangling from the railing over the street below. Lenny manages to pull Max\'s knife out of his shoulder  and cut his tie off, and Max falls to his death. Outside the hotel, Mace is pursued by Steckler and Engelman. She manages to subdue both of them, cuffing them to a scaffold, only for other nearby police officers to brutally beat her, triggering a riot in the crowd. Commissioner Strickland appears and restores order, having watched the recording of the murders, and orders the two officers arrested. As they are read their rights, Engelman grabs a pistol from one of the officers and commits suicide, and Steckler is gunned down by the police when he tries to shoot Mace. As Lenny and Mace are being treated for their wounds, Faith is arrested for Philo\'s murder. At the stroke of midnight , Lenny and Mace share a passionate kiss.'] ["The story starts with Nick and Lori, a newlywed couple who, after eloping, want to take a mule ride down into the canyon with a guide, Henry. The next day the trio head down into the canyon. After traveling for a while the guide offers to take them to old petroglyphs  which are a half days ride away. After some convincing from Nick, Lori eventually agrees to the journey. On the way Henry is bitten twice by rattlesnakes and in the process the trio's mules flee. They are forced to make camp and begin heading back the next day. The guide is delirious and later in the day succumbs to the venom and dies. The couple bury him and are left to struggle on to find a way out. After a days hike the couple eventually reach a dead end with petroglyphs, realizing that they have spent the day traveling in a circle and instead of getting closer to base camp they have in fact got further away. Nick suggests attempting to climb the rock face in the hope of getting a signal on Lori's phone. She manages to call the emergency services but only manages to say they are in trouble before being cut off. Nick then loses his grip and the couple fall, in the process breaking Lori's phone and Nick's leg, which gets trapped in a crevice at the base of the rock face. Nick's leg is completely trapped and after a day of waiting and hoping for help to arrive he suggests that they cut his leg off so they can keep going. Lori disagrees with it but eventually she agrees and goes in search of the body of their guide to get his knife and returns to Nick to cut the leg. By this point infection has set in and Nick is in very bad shape, barely being able to move at all. Lori succeeds in freeing Nick's leg and cauterizes the wound with the blade of the knife after it being placed in the fire. When night falls wolves get attracted to the smell of blood and try to attack but Lori successfully fights them off with fire and the knife. When the next day dawns Lori fashions a stretcher to move Nick but the wolves track the smell and keep following them. The stretcher breaks but Lori attempts to drag Nick on, rejecting his pleas to leave him behind. The wolves are relentless in their attack and exhausted from days without food or water Lori loses the ability to defend him, as she fends off wolves from one direction, wolves attack Nick while her back is turned. The wolves surround them, and to prevent Nick from suffering through being eaten alive she performs Euthanasia on him by suffocating him. She breaks down and goes into shock as a rescue helicopter rounds the edge of the canyon with her kneeling next to Nick's body."] ["Beth Needham  works the graveyard shift at a gas station, and is becoming increasingly fed up with her job. To pass the time, she listens to a late-night radio show hosted by Dr. Lindsey Roland . One night, she musters up the courage to call into the show and she is encouraged to make some changes in her life and to call back in a few weeks to update the show's listeners on he progress. It doesn't take long for Beth to quit her job, threatening her boss with a knife while she's doing so. She then murders her mother by depriving her of oxygen. She despises her bed-ridden mother because she made her work long hours to support her and chastised her when she quit. After the mother dies, Beth finds out that she had more than $80,000 worth of a stock in her portfolio, and becomes even more enraged that she was forced to work for her even though she had plenty of money. Beth becomes even more obsessed with the talk-show host and, after unsuccessfully trying to reach Lindsey again at the station, she tries to reach her at her psychiatry office. She then learns that Lindsey has an answering service and that its workers get to talk to the host all the time. Beth applies for a job at the answering service, but is rejected in favor of a woman who she believes is a more physically attractive candidate. She kills the woman when she's walking in the parking lot after work. Beth then gets a call informing her that she got the job by default. Beth's obsession with Lindsey grows even more once she establishes a relationship with her. She winds up babysitting her child -- drugging him to make him fall asleep -- and murders one of her other babysitters to get more time with her. And when one of her co-workers learns how disturbed she really is from her former boss, she kills her, too. When Lindsey starts becoming suspicious and growing hostile toward Beth, she gets kidnapped at gunpoint and taken on a road trip. She eventually manages to get free, and after a scuffle in which she grabs the gun, orders Beth  to back off. When she refuses and takes a threatening lunge, Lindsey shoots her stalker to death."] ["The film revolves mainly around a scene in which Cynthia Kellogg  is interrogated by two investigators at the police station. The deposition given by Cynthia is supported by detailed flashbacks throughout the film. The interrogation arouses particular suspicion about whether Cynthia's own husband could have informed the police about the incident and anything which his wife could have confided in him."] ['The film is set in a South African hospital. Top-billed Anthony Quinn plays a male nurse, assigned to care for a foreign President . With many threats against his well-being, the leader is heavily guarded around the clock. But Quinn manages to kidnap his patient, leading to a series of curious and occasionally confusing plot twists.'] ["The plot revolves around the relationship between Sharon and Tom's characters. Tom's character is married and must protect calendar girls from murder, Sharon is a former calendar girl he must protect, but they get very close throughout the film. In the end, Tom does not have an affair with Sharon, and she is enraged and tries to kill his wife but he stops her."] ['Klaus, a former Nazi German doctor who practiced horrific experiments with children during World War II, has continued with his sick attraction for torturing and killing young boys during his exile in a remote village in Catalonia. His latest victim is a child he has tortured and later kills with a blow to the head, taking photographs of the crime. This sadistic act has been witnessed by Angelo, another of Klaus victims, who has spied him from a window, later stealing the tortured incriminating writings and photographs of the doctor\'s crimes. Klaus tries to commit suicide jumping from a tower, but he survives. As a result of his failed attempt he is now unable to breathe on his own and is immobile, confined permanently in an iron lung to survive. Some years later, Klaus is being taken care of by his wife Griselda and their young daughter Rena in a large gloomy house in the country. Griselda is unhappy in Spain and, overwhelmed by the task of looking after her husband, she secretly wishes he would just die. Then a young man with a scarred face named Angelo appears, offering his services as a nurse to help take care of Klaus. Griselda takes an instant dislike towards Angelo and does not want to hire him, but Klaus insists that he should stay. In reality, Angelo has no actual nursing skills, which Griselda soon discovers, but even then Klaus refuses to get rid of him. It is revealed that Angelo was one of Klaus\'s victims and that, in the past, they had a sickening, sadomasochistic relationship. Angelo\'s true aim is revealed to be not only to take his revenge out on Klaus, but to ultimately take his place. Angelo reads Klaus passages from the diaries he stole in which the doctor describes, in detail, how he tortured his young victims. Recreating what Klaus did to him, Angelo strips and masturbates in front of Klaus\' glass cage. He then calls Griselda. She tries to run away, but he kills her, hanging her from the rails of the second floor. The next day, Angelo fires the housekeeper, taking over the house with Rena\'s help. Rena is not disturbed by her mother\'s absence, as her mother was abusive towards her. Rena feels far more comfortable under Angelo\'s care. Angelo continues with the doctor\'s experiments, bringing young boys to Klaus in his iron lung. Angelo lures a child to the house with the excuse of needing help with carrying the groceries, and ties him to a chair. In front of Klaus, Angelo kills the boy by injecting him through the heart with a needle filled with gasoline. A second boy is then brought in and Angelo kills him by cutting his throat after making him sing. Fearing that Angelo is out of control and that his life and Rena\'s are in danger, Klaus tells his daughter to run away to the near village with a message asking for help. Angelo discovers Rena while she is trying to escape and brings her back to the house. He dominates her, sometimes assuming a perverse "parental" role over her using violence. Finally Angelo removes Klaus from his iron lung to die by asphyxiation while emulating the scene of his own abuse, in Rena\'s presence. Once Klaus is dead, Angelo takes his identity totally, getting into the artificial lung, and makes Rena take his.'] ["Lakshmi Krishna Devaraya @ LK , a famous advocate, always fights on behalf of criminals and make them win the case with impeccable argument. However, LK believes that he was the envoy of God and implements the real justice after the court acquits them by killing the accused in the name of cosmic justice. His sister  always encourages him in every case. In fact, LK's parents commit suicide as they did not get justice in the court when their daughter was raped, but the culprit escapes from the clutches of law. So, LK turns an advocate and argues on behalf of culprits and finally punishes them on his own. Sri Mahalakshmi , an MBBS student, was the daughter of a teacher Sambamurthy . She gets killed by some nine NRI girls. Their parents meet LK and urge him to save their children who were fixed in a murder case. LK makes a thorough research on the subject and gets the girls acquitted. But in his personal enquiry, LK finds that the hostel matron Olga Rose Mary , medical college principal Bhogendra Bhalla and public prosecutor Janardhan  were behind Sri Mahalakshmi's death. It is Janardhan and Bhalla who raped the girl which led to her death but imposed the case on NRI girls. Finally LK implements the cosmic justice by killing all the three accused."] ["Gloria  is the spoiled daughter of a Brazilian businessman who is bankrupt. Her father asks her to take Marcos , the son of her father's business partner, out for a swim in the ocean. She does so, using her father's yacht and accompanied by her boyfriend Danny  and their buddy Jeffrey . Gloria is caught kissing Marcos. Danny is jealous and throws Marcos in the water with a life preserver. To scare Marcos, he then drives the boat to a distant island. When they return to where they left him, Marcos has disappeared. Afraid of the consequences of his possible drowning, they discuss alibis and try to figure a way out of their predicament, first destroying their relationships and then themselves."] ['The movie is set in Antarctica, where the U.S. military has a secret illegal mining operation. When one of the personnel stationed at the base goes on a rampage, two military operatives are sent to investigate. Discovering two survivors, medical officer Jennifer Wells  and technical officer Shebanski , the two military investigators, Sam Cage  and Callie Wilson  begin to search the base. Going into the mining area of the base, the main character seems to see another survivor and proceeds to chase the survivor through the corridors. When his partner collapses because of the gases in the mine he takes her to an elevator, to discover they are on the fourth floor when they had gotten off the elevator at the second floor. Back in the main compound they discover that a body they had found in the snow had moved and was gone.'] ['Claire McKay —having suffered the death of her boyfriend—is brought by her mother to Ironbound Island in the hopes that time away from the city will allow her to recover emotionally. On the island where her mother was born, Claire meets an eccentric writer, Celia , who in flashbacks, relates her own story as a grief-stricken teenager in 1949. Celia—Silly  in the flashbacks—is the next chosen victim of a Viking curse which was placed on the island centuries ago when their longship sunk in the bay. The nature of the curse is such that a "chosen one" is born every fifty years, and they are destined to die at sea in order for the fish the island depends on to continue to return. During the flashbacks Silly discovers a list of past victims, and that she is the next. However, in the end Silly is not claimed by the sea, which instead takes her lover. The narrator says something to the effect of what better alternative to taking the chosen one than to take her lover instead, leaving her to bear the pain.The last clips of the movie show a shoal of fish, which points to the fact that the fish do indeed return. As Celia tells her own story of love and loss, Claire eventually undergoes a catharsis and again plays the violin that she has not touched since her own loss. The final shot of the film is a large school of fish, presumably heading towards the island\'s bay.  The following list is found by Silly in the "fish logs" of Ironbound Island, and noted again by Claire as she finds their gravestones. * 1609 January, William Fleming, 17 years, lost at sea * 1659 May, Anne Bell, aged 16, drowned * 1701 August, John Dunsworth, aged 16 yrs., drowned * 1750 March, Eliza Coolen, aged 18 yrs., lost at sea * 1799 December, Ezekiel Dempsey, 16 years, lost at sea * 1849 June, James M. Kay, age 18, lost at sea * 1905 October, Asaph Young, 17 years, drowned * 1949 ...'] ['Cusack plays Mike Fletcher, a New York detective working on the streets of Buffalo, New York. He’s a policeman who doesn’t let go until he gets his man. Mike and his partner are on the hunt for a serial killer who is killing the local prostitutes. Then one day his own daughter is taken by the killer who thinks she is a ‘working’ girl. Mike has even more reason to track down and capture this killer before his daughter is killed. Forgetting all his work ethics, his only goal is to rescue his daughter and he doesn’t care what he has to do to achieve it.'] ['Fourteen-year-old Lisa Holland  lives with her mother Katherine  in Venice Beach, California. Lisa is beginning to show a keen interest in boys but is not allowed to date due to her mother’s strict rule about not dating until she is 16. It is revealed that Katherine had Lisa when she was 14 years old. Abandoned by Lisa\'s father, Katherine was forced to leave home after her parents demanded that she put Lisa up for adoption. These facts have made Katherine very wary about Lisa dating, feeling that it would further Lisa\'s desire to date and possibly have sex. Although she has a boyfriend, unbeknownst to Lisa, she keeps him at arm\'s length and around Lisa rejects the advances of flirtatious men. Despite years of hardship, however, Katherine has managed to build up her own successful florist business, which provides for the both of them very well. Aside from the issue of dating the two have a very good, almost sister-like relationship, although when they are at odds Katherine does make it clear that she is the mother. Lisa’s desire to have a boyfriend is furthered by her best friend Wendy Marks, whose less-strict mother and father have allowed her to start dating. Lisa keeps a secret scrapbook of men she encounters and would secretly like to date. In the meanwhile there is a serial killer running loose in Venice, nicknamed the Candlelight Killer, so called because he seduces and rapes his victims by candlelight before killing them. The Candlelight Killer is a suave, good-looking, and successful restaurateur named Richard , who looks more like a sexy model than a serial killer. Richard stalks good-looking women and then kills them once he finds out where they live. Uniquely, Richard calls his victims over the telephone leaving messages on their answering machines saying he\'s in their house and is going to kill them. As the women are listening to his message Richard grabs them from behind and then begins his candlelight rape and murder of them. In the opening of the film he does this to a woman named Mary , and later on to two other women named Allison and Judy. One night Lisa is coming home from the grocery store and accidentally runs into Richard, knocking her groceries onto the sidewalk. Richard is leaving the house of Allison, whom he has just killed, and helps Lisa up while flirting with her. Lisa is mesmerized by his good looks and follows him to his car once he leaves, copying down his license plate number. Through the DMV she is able to get his address and telephone number. Upset that her mother has refused to allow her to go on a double date with Wendy, Lisa begins to call up Richard on the phone and engages him in seducing conversation. Richard is intrigued by their conversations, yet is more interested in finding out who she is, mainly because he is the one now being stalked. Lisa and Wendy follow Richard finding out where he lives and works. Lisa even gets into Richard\'s car alone at one point only to have to hide in the back seat when he unexpectedly shows up. All this goes on unknown to Katherine, and with each succeeding conversation, in which Lisa reveals more about herself including her scrapbook, Richard pushes Lisa towards meeting him for a date. Still at a standoff with her mother when it comes to dating, Wendy suggests that Lisa set up Katherine with Richard, implying that maybe if her mother gets some she will ease up and let Lisa date. As Easter weekend approaches Lisa plans to go away with Wendy and her family to Big Bear, California as Katherine stays behind due to Easter being one of her busiest weekends. Katherine and Lisa decide to have a girls\' night out dinner before she leaves and Lisa makes reservations at Richard\'s restaurant. Lisa calls Richard telling him that she will be at the restaurant that night and will wear a sexy white dress, the dress that her mother is wearing. While at the restaurant Lisa and her mother get into a quiet argument over dating again, with Lisa telling her mother that "if she got laid once in a while maybe she wouldn\'t be such a bitch about [her] dating". A furious Katherine goes to the bathroom telling Lisa to pay the bill with her credit card. As she is signing for the bill Lisa sees Richard and leaves him a love note with it. As Katherine comes out of the bathroom she bumps into Richard who recognizes her sexy white dress. Richard gets the love note with the bill, which reveals Katherine\'s credit card information, which he uses to track her down. Meanwhile a furious Katherine grounds Lisa due to the fight, forbidding her to go to Big Bear with Wendy. Despite this, Lisa goes anyway, leaving Katherine in their apartment all alone. Katherine calls Lisa in Big Bear telling her that she will deal with her when she comes home. Meanwhile Richard begins to stalk the unsuspecting Katherine. He hides in her car, smoking cigarettes, which unnerves Katherine when she gets in the car and sees the cigarettes yet no one there. While in Big Bear, Lisa decides to give Richard a call. He reveals to her that he knows her name is Katherine, thinking Lisa is her mother, and that he knows where she lives. Fearing that her mother will find out about her calls to Richard, she phones Katherine and leaves a message telling her to ignore Richard if he calls, saying that he is a kid from school who is playing a joke. Richard meanwhile prepares to kill Katherine, buying candles at the local grocery store and asking the cashier for change so that he can use the pay phone. On the night Lisa is to return from Big Bear, Katherine enters the apartment and plays her answering machine. She hears Richard\'s message and discounts it as a joke, based on Lisa\'s earlier message. Thinking Lisa is home, she goes into her room only to be attacked by Richard. Meanwhile Lisa returns home and enters the apartment. She sees her bedroom door open and sees her secret scrapbook opened on the floor with a lamp shining onto it. Running into her room she is attacked by Richard who has knocked her mother unconscious. Richard brings Lisa into Katherine\'s bedroom and plans to rape and kill her; Lisa sees the candles and realizes he is the Candlelight Killer. Katherine regains consciousness, however, and stabs Richard with a butcher knife and maces him. A maimed Richard grabs the knife attempting to kill both ladies and, while trying to regain his sight from the mace, trashes their apartment. However, Katherine is able to take a baseball bat and knock Richard out a window in which he is killed as he falls to the alley below. The movie ends with Katherine and Lisa holding one another close and crying, while the knocked-over answering machine continuously plays Richard\'s macabre message over and over again.'] ['James Clayton , a computer programming expert at MIT, is recruited by senior CIA instructor Walter Burke  to test for a position with the agency. After witnessing an extraordinary demonstration of Clayton\'s computer skills, Burke further tests the intelligence of Clayton with an open puzzle encoded on the sports page of a common newspaper, the solution of which gives to Clayton Burke\'s telephone number. Clayton agrees to be recruited, in part, to find information concerning his father who he suspects was a CIA operative that disappeared when Clayton was a child. After passing numerous psychometric, psychoanalytical, aptitude, and polygraph tests, Clayton is taken to The Farm, a CIA training facility. There, Burke and other instructors teach the candidates the skill sets of espionage, covert operation protocols, and intelligence gathering techniques. During a surveillance exercise, Clayton and fellow recruit Layla Moore  are kidnapped by men apparently from a foreign intelligence service. Clayton is brought to an isolated cell and tortured for several days but refuses to give up the names of his CIA instructors. When the interrogators provide evidence that his defiance is contributing to Layla\'s suffering, Clayton relents and names Burke. The rear wall of the cell then opens to reveal Burke, Layla, and the other recruits sitting in the lecture theater at The Farm, having witnessed the entire event; the kidnapping being just another training exercise. Clayton is cut from the program, but Burke arrives at his hotel the next morning to advise Clayton his dismissal was a fake and he has been appointed to be a non-official cover  operative. Burke assigns Clayton to spy on Layla, claiming the CIA has evidence she\'s a mole for a foreign intelligence service attempting to steal a top secret computer virus from the CIA\'s database. Clayton is provided a job as a low-level CIA data-entry processor and enters a romantic relationship with Layla. He eventually uncovers proof that she is removing the virus piece-by-piece using a USB flash drive. Clayton surveils Layla as she brush-passes a note to her contact and follows the man through a train station. After a brief scuffle, Clayton kills him and discovers the contact is Zack , a CIA agent who had also been a recruit at The Farm. When confronted with the evidence, Layla explains to Clayton she was officially sanctioned to test the security protocols of CIA headquarters by attempting to remove a fake virus, and Zack was a NOC agent. Clayton, by virtue of his familiarity with computer programs, is skeptical and reports his suspicions to Burke who initially congratulates Clayton on passing "the final test." Burke is caught in a lie, however, when he tries to convince Clayton his gun is loaded with blanks. Clayton fires a shot proving otherwise but flees when Burke knocks the gun from his grip. Burke then chases Clayton through an abandoned warehouse, and boasts that he organized the entire scheme to sell the virus for $3 million. Held at gunpoint, Clayton agrees to hand over the virus, only to show that he has been broadcasting Burke\'s admission from his laptop back to CIA headquarters. Burke becomes incensed and chases Clayton outside to find a SWAT team had assembled. Unbeknownst to Burke, Clayton\'s broadcast did not work and a fake broadcast was displayed. The CIA were there to arrest Clayton and had no knowledge of Burke\'s treachery. Believing to be caught, Burke rails at his unjust treatment by the CIA, allowing the agents to conclude that Burke is the traitor. Burke then realizes he incriminated himself and draws his gun; committing suicide-by-cop. Afterward, Layla consoles Clayton before he heads back to CIA headquarters for debriefing. On the drive to Langley, Virginia, Assistant Director of Operations Dennis Slayne  makes a comment alluding that Clayton\'s father was a NOC agent when he died.'] ['Mark Sway and his little brother, Ricky, are sneaking cigarettes in the forest near their home when they witness the suicide of mob lawyer Jerome Clifford. Prior to his suicide, Clifford reveals to Mark that he is killing himself to avoid being murdered by Barry "The Blade" Muldanno, the nephew of notorious mob kingpin "Uncle Johnny Sulari". As a result of witnessing the suicide, Ricky goes in to shock and is hospitalized. It soon becomes apparent to authorities - and the mob - that Clifford may have revealed to Mark the location of the body of a Louisiana senator believed to have been murdered by Muldanno. Mark seeks out a lawyer, and finds Reggie Love , a recovering alcoholic who agrees to defend him in court. They quickly run afoul of Roy Foltrigg , a celebrated and vain U.S. Attorney, who is attempting to solve the case as a springboard to greater ambitions. In the mean time, it is revealed that Sulari never authorized Muldanno to make the hit on the senator, and is requiring Muldanno to try and figure out how much the kids may know about the location of the body. Muldanno is also required to move the body, but isn\'t able to immediately because he had buried it in Clifford\'s boathouse, and the cops are still on the property investigating his suicide. As all parties become increasingly desperate, Foltrigg tries to go to continued legal lengths to get the location of the body through Mark\'s testimony, while Sulari eventually orders Muldanno to kill the children and their lawyer to avoid any further screw-ups in trying to deal with the case. He also orders the body moved, now that the investigation at Clifford\'s home is over. Mark and Reggie go to New Orleans to confirm that the body is still where he was told it is, knowing that it is their only bargaining chip to get Ricky the help he needs, and to place the family in protective custody. They arrive the same night as Muldanno and his fellow mafia goons, who begin digging up the body but who are stopped by Mark and Reggie. In the melee that follows, the mafia goons flee when the neighbor\'s alarm is tripped and the authorities are summoned. Knowing that the body is there, Reggie is able to use the information as a bargaining chip to get the family the full slate of protective custody and medical help for Ricky, as well as a new home and job for the children\'s mother. Although not explicitly stated, it becomes apparent that Sulari has had enough of Muldanno and is going to have his nephew killed. With the body recovered, Foltrigg is a lock-in for the newspaper headlines he craves, and makes mention that he intends to run for governor.'] ['A teenager living in the idyllic town of Santa Rosa, California, Charlotte "Charlie" Newton , complains that nothing seems to be happening in her life. Then, she receives wonderful news: her uncle , Charlie Oakley , her mother\'s younger brother, is arriving for a visit. Two men show up pretending to be working on a national survey of the average American family. One of them speaks to Charlie privately, identifying himself as Detective Jack Graham . He explains that her uncle is one of two men suspected of being a serial killer known as the "Merry Widow Murderer" who seduces, steals from, and murders wealthy widows. At first, young Charlie refuses to even consider that her uncle could be a murderer, but she notices him acting strangely on several occasions. She confirms her suspicions when she sees that the initials engraved inside the emerald ring Uncle Charlie gave her match those of one of the recent victims. Her suspicions grow during a family dinner in which Uncle Charlie reveals his hatred of rich widows, comparing them to fat animals deserving to be slaughtered. One night, Uncle Charlie confronts his niece, admitting that he is the man the police are after. He begs her for help; she reluctantly agrees not to say anything, as long as he leaves soon, to avoid a horrible scandal in the town that would destroy her family, especially her mother, who idolizes her younger brother. News breaks that the other suspect was killed fleeing from the police in Portland, Maine, and is assumed to have been the murderer. Detective Graham leaves after telling young Charlie that he loves her and would like to marry her someday. Uncle Charlie is delighted he is off the hook, until he remembers that young Charlie knows all his secrets. Soon, the young woman has a couple of near-fatal "accidents"—falling down some steep stairs, and being trapped in a closed garage with a car spewing exhaust fumes. Under pressure from his niece, Uncle Charlie announces he is leaving by train for San Francisco, accompanied by a rich local widow. He contrives for young Charlie to stay on board the departing train, planning to kill her by pushing her out once the train gets up to speed. Instead, in the ensuing struggle between them, he is pushed into the path of an oncoming train. At his funeral Uncle Charlie is highly honored by the townspeople of Santa Rosa, who know nothing of his crimes. Jack returns to comfort Charlie, and she tells him she had withheld from him information about her uncle which would have confirmed him as the murderer. Jack and young Charlie resolve to keep Uncle Charlie\'s crimes secret.'] ["The plot is a copy of the 1985 Hollywood thriller Jagged Edge. The film starts with the murder of Priti , wife of Shekhar , a well-known journalist. Inspector Lokhande  investigates the case and accuses Shekhar of the murder, saying he has enough evidences to arrest him. Upon getting bail from the court, Shekhar's lawyer tells him that he will not be able to fight his case because he is a corporate lawyer. He asks him to contact Simran Bhargav , who is a criminal lawyer to fight his case. Shekhar goes to Simran's house to convince her to take his case. Simran tells Shekhar that she’ll defend him only if she is convinced that he is innocent. Simran is battling inner demons over a case in which she got a man convicted for crime he had not committed. Her guilt increases when she learns that the innocent guy had committed suicide in custody. While representing Shekhar, whom she considers innocent, Simran falls in love with him &mdash; a part of Shekhar’s plan to win her trust. They end up in bed and Shekhar enjoys Simran in bed. After the court declares Shekhar innocent, Simran spends the night at his house having sex with him again. The next morning, while opening his closet, she finds a typewriter hidden between sheets. The significance of this typewriter is that there have been typed 'crank' letters sent to her office, leaving little clues that point the finger to the swimming coach , who had an affair with Shekhar’s wife. The typed letters all have a flyaway 't' on them. Simran then comes to know that Shekhar is the real murderer. She leaves for the police station to give the typewriter she has found. Shekhar realizes this and is on the prowl to claim his next victim. At the end, Simran kills Shekhar in self-defense."] ['Xavier Quinn  is the chief of police on a small, unnamed Caribbean island. When Donald Pater, the millionaire owner of a luxury resort hotel, is found murdered, everyone assumes that the culprit is Maubee ([[Robert Townsend , a petty crook who also happens to be Quinn\'s best friend. Quinn doesn\'t believe it and clashes with the local bureaucracy: Thomas Elgin , an arrogant political fixer, and the island\'s underqualified governor . Quinn\'s worries over the murder exacerbate his troubles at home; he is estranged from his wife, Lola , and rarely has time to see his son. Maubee eludes the police at every turn, even appearing personally to Xavier now and again, before running off. On one of these occasions, Quinn questions a witness afterward, who says that Maubee was carrying a "$10,000 bill," despite there being no such thing. Trying to track down Maubee, Quinn questions Ubu Pearl , the local witch and aunt of Maubee\'s current girlfriend, Isola; and Hadley Elgin , Thomas\'s wife, who feels a powerful attraction to Quinn. The governor also introduces Xavier to Fred Miller , an affable American said to represent the murdered man\'s company. The cause of Pater\'s death seems obvious: he was found floating in a Jacuzzi tub, decapitated. Against the governor\'s instructions, Quinn has the body autopsied by the elderly Dr. Raj , who reports that Pater died of a venomous snake bite and was already dead when his head was cut off. Quinn notices a Latin man following him and stops to apprehend him. The man, Jose Patina , claims to be on vacation, but Xavier finds he has also been questioning people around the island trying to find Maubee. Quinn questions Hadley about her encounter with Patina. She tries to seduce him, but he resists, and wanders to a bar where he entertains the crowd with a piano performance. Half drunk, Quinn is picked up by Maubee in a stolen car, and they spend a night on the beach when they remininsce. In the morning, Quinn wakes up to find Maubee gone, despite the handcuffs that he put on him. When Petina is bailed out of jail, he confers with Miller in a seedy hotel. Miller tells him the "operation" is over, then kills Patina with a silenced pistol. Miller then goes to Ubu Pearl and demands that she tell him where Maubee is. When she refuses, he burns down her house, with her inside. Quinn eventually works out that Pater, a close associate of the U.S. President, brought stacks of $10,000 bills to the island to be picked up by Patina. The President wants to fund an anti-Communist revolution in Latin America, but Congress doesn\'t agree. The President is using discontinued currency that is still good but will not be missed from its storage in the U.S. Treasury. The murder messed up the plan, so the C.I.A. has sent Miller to retrieve the money and "plug up the holes." Quinn tracks Maubee down at their childhood playground in an ancient ruin, where Maubee explains the rest of the mystery: Pater impregnated Isola when she was a maid at the hotel. Ubu Pearl demanded that Pater support the child. Pater laughed this off, and Isola was fired. Ubu Pearl instructed Isola to go to the hotel and leave a snake in Pater\'s room. Maubee snuck into the house to see Isola and, when he found out where she had gone, sped to the hotel but was too late. He arrived just as Pater was dying from the snakebite and saw the money in the suitcase. Maubee cut Pater\'s head off, put his body into the tub to try to conceal the real cause of death, and grabbed the money. Miller arrives, having also found the hiding place, and holds the pair at gunpoint. Maubee hands over the money, and Miller departs in a helicopter. Insanely, Maubee runs out and grabs onto the helicopter as it lifts off over the ocean. Seeing him, Miller sticks his gun out the window and fires, and Quinn watches helplessly as his friend\'s body falls into the ocean. A snake hidden in the money sack slithers out and fatally bites the helicopter pilot. Miller struggles to regain control, but the chopper crashes into the old ruins and explodes, killing them both. Grieved at the loss of his friend, Quinn returns home and reconciles with his wife. As he walks on the beach with his son, the camera pans down to show a line of bare footprints emerging from the water, leading to a rock with a $10,000 bill sitting on it.'] ["After he's called in to investigate the brutal killing of Joseph Samuels , who was found dead at his home, police investigator Finlay ([[Robert Young  discovers there may be a murderer among a group of demobilized soldiers, who had been seen with Samuels and his female friend at a hotel bar that night. Meanwhile, Sergeant Keeley , concerned that his friend Mitch  may be the prime suspect, decides to investigate the murder to clear his friend's name. To both investigators, each suspected soldier relays their version of that night through a flashback. The first to step up is Montgomery  and the rest are Floyd ([[Steve Brodie , Mitch, and a possible witness Ginny . As Finlay and Keeley slowly piece together the fragments of that night, they realize there is one possible motive that may have driven the killer to beat an innocent to death, which prompts Finlay to set up a trap to expose the killer."] ["Social worker Emily Jenkins  is assigned to investigate the family of ten year-old Lillith Sullivan , as her grades have declined and an emotional rift with her parents has emerged. Emily suspects that the parents have been mistreating Lillith. Emily's fears are confirmed when Lillith's parents try to kill her by roasting her in the oven at their home. Emily saves Lillith with the help of Detective Mike Barron . Lillith is originally sent to a children's home, but she begs Emily to look after her instead. With the agreement of the board, Emily is assigned to take care of Lillith until a suitable foster family comes along. In the meantime, Lillith's parents, Edward and Margaret , are placed in a mental institution. Not too long after Lillith moves in, strange things begin to happen around Emily. Two weeks later, another of Emily's cases, a boy named Diego , suddenly murders his parents, and Barron informs Emily that somebody phoned Diego from her house the night before the crime. As she is suspected of involvement in the incident, Lillith undergoes a psychiatric evaluation by Emily's best friend, Douglas J. Ames . During the session, however, Lillith turns the evaluation around, asking Douglas what his fears are and subtly threatening him. That night while studying he receives a strange phone call in his apartment, Douglas is panicked by the sight of a mass of hornets coming out of his body and kills himself in his bathroom by snapping his own neck. Emily gradually becomes fearful of Lillith, so she heads to the mental asylum for answers from Lillith's parents. They tell her that Lillith is a demon who feeds on emotion, and that they tried to kill her in an attempt to save themselves. Lillith's father tells Emily that the only way to kill Lillith is to get her to sleep. Shortly after Emily leaves the asylum, Lillith's mother is fatally burnt and her father is stabbed in the eye with a fork after attacking a fellow inmate through whom the voice of Lillith spoke. Barron initially thinks Emily should seek psychiatric help, but is later convinced when he receives a strange phone call in his home from Lillith on Emily's cellphone. He arms himself at the police precinct to aid Emily in handling Lillith. However, he inadvertently shoots himself in the head with a shotgun when Lilith makes him imagine he is being attacked by dogs. After realizing that her closest colleagues have been eliminated, and that the rest of her cases will no doubt be next, Emily serves Lillith tea spiked with sedative. While Lillith is asleep, Emily sets fire to her house, hoping to get rid of her. However, the girl escapes unharmed. A police officer escorts Emily and Lillith to a temporary place to sleep. As Emily is following the police cars, she suddenly takes a different route and drives her car at a high speed, hoping to bring fear to Lillith. Instead, Lillith forces Emily to relive her childhood memory of her mother driving fast in a rainstorm. Emily fights through the memory, telling herself that it is not real. The image fades, and Emily mockingly asks Lillith if she is afraid. Lillith appears scared by the fact that Emily was able to keep her wits through one of her illusions. Emily then drives the car off a pier. As the car sinks, Emily struggles to lock Lillith  in the trunk by folding the rear seats against her. Emily is then able to open her door and attempts to swim to the surface. However, the demon's huge fist punches a hole through the car's left tail light and grabs Emily's leg. Emily struggles and eventually breaks free as a trapped Lillith sinks to the bottom. Emily climbs atop the pier and attempts to recover from the ordeal."] ["The film begins with a loving family - George Farber , his wife Ann , his son Georgie  and their dog, arriving at their lake house. Their next-door neighbor, Fred  is seen with two young men, Peter  and Paul , who seem to be their friends or relatives. The two young men come over to borrow eggs. Ann is in the kitchen cooking while George and Georgie are outside by the lake, tending to their boat. They seem friendly, and they use George’s golf club. When the men depart with the eggs they soon return with them broken. After asking for more eggs which also end up broken, Ann becomes frustrated, but when George tries to force the men to leave, Peter breaks George's leg with the golf club and they take the family hostage. Ann goes to call for help on the family's cell phone, but finds it unusable, having been earlier dropped in the sink by Peter. Paul then guides Ann on a hunt to find the family's dog, which he had killed with George's golf club. When the family's other neighbors arrive for a visit, Ann passes the two men off as friends until the visitors leave. The family is forced to participate in a number of sadistic games in order to stay alive. Paul asks if the family wants to bet that they will be alive by 9:00 in the morning, though he doubts that they will be. Between playing their games, the two men keep up a constant patter. Paul frequently ridicules Peter's weight and lack of intelligence. He describes a number of contradicting stories of Peter's past, though no definitive explanation is ever presented as to the men's origins or motives. At one point, Georgie tries to escape and runs to the gate. He attempts to climb the locked gate but changes his mind and goes to the neighbors' house passing through the water. Inside the house Georgie attempts to shoot Paul with a shotgun, but the gun fails to go off. Paul returns him to the living room, along with the shotgun. After a few more games, the men play a counting-out game between the family members on the basis that whoever gets counted out will be shot, but Georgie suddenly panics and makes a run for his life, which results in Peter shooting and killing him. He and Paul then leave, Paul a little annoyed that Peter didn't follow the rules of their game to the letter. George and Ann weep for their loss, but eventually resolve to survive. Ann flees the house while George, with a broken leg, desperately tries to call for help on the malfunctioning phone. Ann struggles to find help, only to be re-captured by Peter and Paul, who return her to the house. Stabbing George, the men attempt to force Ann to choose for her husband, between a painful, prolonged death with the knife or a quick death with the shotgun. Instead, Ann seizes the shotgun on the table in front of her and kills Peter. Enraged, Paul confiscates the shotgun and starts looking for the television remote. Upon finding it, he literally rewinds all the occurrences back to before Ann grabs the shotgun, thereby breaking the fourth wall. On the 'do over', Paul snatches the shotgun away and admonishes her, saying she isn't allowed to break the rules. They then kill George and take Ann, bound and gagged, out on the family's boat early the next morning. Around eight o'clock, they nonchalantly throw her into the water to drown, thus winning their bet. They dock at the house of the neighbors that had previously visited the family, and request some eggs, thereby restarting their cycle of murder."] ["Julia Robbins  is an emerging fashion designer returning home to Los Angeles after a sales trip in northern California. She passes a hitchhiker named Trey  on her way back to the 5. During lunch at a diner, she notices a mysterious man eating by himself. The hitchhiker enters the diner, and they make eye contact. Outside, he asks her for a ride, but Julia declines. As she drives off, she notices a flat tire. Trey fixes it for her, and she decides to give him a ride. At a motel that night, she offers him a ride into L.A. in the morning. He asks to sleep in her car. Instead, she ushers him into her room, and they spend the night together. At Oki Dog in West Hollywood, Julia drops the drifter off, and indicates that she wants to leave things at a one night stand. At her apartment, her boyfriend Arthur  is waiting for her. Julia is guilt-ridden over the affair, confessing what happened to her friend Matty . Eventually, Trey calls Julia at home and asks to see her. She declines, but he calls her again at work. Unnerved at how he has been able to track her down, Julia agrees to meet him back at Oki Dog, where he insists that they must be together. Julia reaffirms her wish to be left alone, but Trey shows up at her office in another attempt to win her back. Finally, when she notices a knife in one of her car tires, she goes to the police for help. She meets with Detective Morrison , and explains how Trey will not leave her alone. Meanwhile, Arthur meets with a private investigator, who turns out to be the mysterious man from the diner. He has been trailing Julia, and he breaks the news of her affair to Arthur. The detective makes some cryptic remarks to Arthur about killing women. Later, at Julia's apartment, she discovers Matty dead in her bed. She goes to Morrison again, begging for help. Arthur collects her from the police station and takes her to his house. In the climax to the film, Julia finds Arthur dead in his study from a gunshot to the head. The mysterious detective emerges from hiding and attacks her, binding her hands. He eventually explains that he was snooping on Julia at her apartment when Matty showed up, and he had to kill her to cover his tracks. Arthur was not comfortable with the murder, and the detective killed Arthur to prevent him from going to the police. Intent on killing Julia to complete his cover up, they are surprised by Trey. The detective shoots Trey but does not kill him. Trey eventually wakes up and subdues the detective. Morrison arrives at the house and kicks in the front door, with his gun drawn. Thinking that he will shoot Trey, Julia cries out to stop him. A shot rings out, but Morrison has killed the detective, who had drawn a hidden pistol and was about to kill Julia. The film ends with a shot of Julia and Trey together on a beach with her cat at their feet."] ['The story plays in the outburst of Hurricane Katrina and centers on a humiliated detective  who gets a sudden shot at salvation when the ghost of a beautiful cellist  solicits his help in finding her killer.Woodbine, Jason, Bean, and Woll Are Planning a LITTLE MURDER'] [';Prologue A young woman, Blanca Trueba , arrives at a house with an old man, whom she leads inside to a chair. The old man asks to be alone. The young woman sits down on the stairs, close to where a little girl is playing, and starts remembering her life. ;Clara and Esteban Blanca\'s mother, Clara del Valle , knew she was in love with Esteban Trueba the first time she saw him, even though she was still a child. Esteban Trueba  had come to propose to Clara\'s sister, Rosa del Valle. Esteban left his fiancée with her family to earn money for their wedding. Clara has special psychic powers and can sometimes foresee the future. One day, she has a vision and tells her sister Rosa that there will be a death in the family. The next day, Rosa dies after drinking poison intended for her father, Senator Severo. Clara blames herself for her sister\'s death, and after watching her sister\'s autopsy, decides never to speak again. Esteban arrives heartbroken at the funeral. At home, his sister, Férula , confronts him saying that he has to work to support her and their sick mother. Esteban leaves for his newly bought hacienda, Tres Marías. He finds many natives living on his land and tells them to work for him for food and shelter. For the next twenty years, Esteban makes Tres Marías an example of a successful Hacienda. He spends some nights with Tránsito, a prostitute (María Conchita Alonso, to whom he borrows money so she can start a new career in the capital. One day he rapes a peasant girl, Pancha García , who works for him. Twenty years later, Esteban receives a letter stating his mother has died. After her funeral, Esteban decides to ask for Clara\'s hand, despite Férula protests that Clara is too sickly and will not take care of him properly. When he shows up at the Del Valle family\'s house, Clara asks him right away if he has come to ask her to marry him, thus speaking again for the first time in twenty years. Esteban confirms he is there to marry Clara. Férula meets Clara at a coffee shop to talk to her about her own future, and Clara, sensing Férula\'s worries, promises her that she can live with her and Esteban in Tres Marías after the wedding and the two will be like sisters. Férula is overwhelmed with happiness, realising she has found a friend in her new sister-in-law, the first person who has been actually kind to her. Sometime later, Férula goes to church to confess that she has strange feelings for Clara. She reports uneasiness when Clara sleeps with Esteban, and also fierce dedication to her sister-in-law. She realises that she is feeling much more for Clara than she should. Esteban senses this and is resentful of Férula\'s interference in his family. Clara\'s parents are killed in a terrible accident on the way to visit their pregnant daughter. Soonafter, Clara gives birth to a girl as she predicted, and names her Blanca. Some years later, Pancha García appears at the family house with her and Esteban\'s bastard teenage son, Esteban García. She asks for money and tells Esteban Trueba that he cannot get rid of her and his son. Esteban Trueba is very annoyed and goes back to play with Blanca . Esteban García comes back to the house later when no one is looking. He finds the child Blanca and begins to molest her. Férula calls Blanca\'s name and Esteban García runs away. Clara has been giving classes to the peasant children and Blanca. Pedro Tercero, the little son of the peasant Segundo at Tres Marias befriends Blanca, and after school she goes out to play with him. The two are gone for hours, and Esteban Trueba, Férula, and Clara start worrying. The two children are eventually found playing in the lagoon. Esteban Trueba does not like that his daughter is playing with a peasant boy and decides to send Blanca to a boarding school. ;Blanca and Pedro Tercero After graduating from school, Blanca returns home to Tres Marías. That night she goes out to the lagoon and meets a grown up Pedro Tercero , and they talk and kiss. That same night, while Esteban attends a political party, there is an earthquake, he worries about Clara and Blanca and drives all the way to Tres Marías and finds that Férula has climbed into bed with Clara. He is so angry that he throws Férula out of the house telling her never to step close to his family again. Clara overhears him threatening his sister and feels sad and disappointed. Sometime later, Esteban brings the French Count Jean de Satigny  to his home intending to arrange a marriage between him and Blanca. Clara senses that the French "nobleman" is a fraud while reading cards but Esteban dismisses her as folly. While Satigny is still visiting, Esteban catches Pedro preaching revolutionary ideas to the peasant people, and punishes him with a fierce whipping and banishing him from Tres Marías. That night at dinner, Férula suddenly appears in the house, kisses Clara on the forehead and leaves again. Clara tells the rest of the family that Férula is dead. Clara and Esteban drive into town to Férula\'s modest house, where they find her dead on the bed. Pedro has returned to Tres Marías and talks to the peasants about their rights and nearly gets shot by Esteban. That night, the Count Jean de Satigny, who is visiting again, watches Blanca and Pedro meeting secretly at the lagoon. He reveals Blanca\'s lover to her father who immediately drags Blanca back to the house. Esteban promises to kill Pedro. When Clara tries to persuade him against violence, Esteban hits his wife and she falls. When Clara rises, she coldly tells him that she will never speak to him again. Clara moves with Blanca to her parents\' house in the capital. Now alone in Tres Marías, Esteban blames Pedro for everything, and offers a reward to anyone who will lead him to Pedro\'s hiding place. Esteban García  takes him to where Pedro is hiding and Esteban tries to kill him, but he is unsuccessful. When García asks for his reward, Esteban Trueba replies that traitors do not get rewards, and García walks away in anger. After Blanca discovers she is pregnant, Esteban tries to force a wedding between Count Jean de Satigny and Blanca, so as to not have any bastards in the family. He tries to convince his daughter by telling her that Pedro Tercero is dead. Blanca angrily refuses, but her mother eventually comforts her by telling her that Pedro is still alive. ;Revolution Some years later, Esteban is busy with his political career, but as an old man he is lonely and finds comfort in the arms of Tránsito, who has actually raised in her profession and is now in a position to pay back Esteban for some money that he lent her, but he prefers to collect the favor another time. He comes to Clara\'s house to apologize and asks her if he can stay with her and to show him his granddaughter Alba whom he has never seen before. Although he moves in with them, Clara still does not talk to him and he constantly keeps feuding with Blanca. While the family is celebrating Alba\'s birthday, Esteban García arrives at their home. Blanca does not recognize the man who abused her as a child. García tells Esteban Trueba that his mother is dead and asks to help him get into the military academy, reminding him of the reward he never received. Trueba writes him a cheque. During the national election, Esteban believes his Conservative Party will win as usual, but the People\'s Front ends up winning control of the government. While Esteban grieves, Blanca goes out on the street to celebrate and to meet Pedro. The two kiss and celebrate together for the rest of the night. A few days later, Pedro is able to meet his daughter Alba for the first time with her mother at an ice-cream parlour. Blanca and Pedro are able to meet regularly now, and things seem to be perfect. Their happiness, however, is short-lived. While Clara are setting up their Christmas tree, she feels she is leaving this world and decides to prepare for death. She gives Alba her notebooks and jewelry to give to Blanca. Kissing Alba goodbye, Clara dies. When Blanca and Esteban arrive home, Alba tells them of Clara\'s death, and the three of them hug and cry together. Meanwhile, a conspiracy between some Conservative Party members and the military leads to a coup d\'état, and the military takes control of the country. At first Esteban believes it is good for the country and that the military will hand power back to the Conservative Party, but he soon learns that the military have other plans. Under the control of the military, people associated with the People\'s Party are captured and even killed. Blanca is highly involved and eventually the police come to arrest her for being with Pedro Tercero. Blanca quiclky reveals to her father that Pedro has been hiding in their house\'s cellar and begs him to help Pedro get out of the country. In the coming days, Blanca is tortured and abused by her half-brother Esteban García, now an important member of the military. She nevertheless refuses to reveal Pedro\'s whereabouts. She is put in a cell where Clara\'s spirit appears to tell her not to wish for death. Meanwhile, Esteban honours his daughter\'s wishes and helps Pedro Tercero find exile in Canada. Esteban then tries to free his daughter from prison, turning to Tránsito, now and influential Madam with lots of connections, who helps free Blanca. One morning a beaten and dirty Blanca arrives at her home. Esteban is shocked to see his daughter in such a state and her wish for revenge against the military, and understands for the first time the consequences of his political actions. ;Epilogue Blanca and Esteban return to Tres Marías with Alba. Esteban is finally visited by Clara\'s spirit who has come to help the old man to the next world. Afterwards, Blanca sits outside and ponders her life, in which she gives up her attempt for revenge and now focuses on Pedro and her daughter Alba. She watches Alba playing in the front door with the leaves swirling in the wind.'] ["In August 1884, Dan Evans , an impoverished rancher and Civil War veteran, although sitting awake and armed to prevent it, has his barn set ablaze by two men working for Glen Hollander, to whom Evans owes money. The next morning, as Evans and his two sons drive their herd, they stumble upon outlaw Ben Wade  and his gang using Evans' cattle as a road blockade to ambush an armored stagecoach. As he loots the stage, Wade discovers Evans and his two sons watching from the hills. Acknowledging that they pose no threat to him and his gang, Wade takes their horses telling Evans that he will leave them tied up on the road to Bisbee. Wade travels with his gang to the town of Bisbee, Arizona to enjoy a celebratory drink at the local saloon. Meanwhile, the railroad guards find Evans and his sons with Byron McElroy , a Pinkerton agent and lone survivor of the ambush, tied up. Evans reveals Bisbee as Wade's likely destination, where the guards immediately return, joined by Evans and McElroy. While Doc Potter , the local medic/veterinarian, treats McElroy, Evans tries negotiating with Hollander, who reveals his intentions to sell the land to the railroad workers rather than grant water rights to Evans. Enraged at the loss of his livelihood and land, Evans tries confronting Hollander in the nearby saloon, but instead he finds Wade, whom he distracts long enough for the railroad guards to ambush and arrest him. The coach's owner, Grayson Butterfield , enlists McElroy, Potter, Tucker , one of Hollander's guards and Evans, who agrees for a $200 fee to deliver Wade for arrest. From Evans' ranch, McElroy arranges a decoy wagon to distract Wade's gang, now led by Charlie Prince ([[Ben Foster , while the real convoy charts a course for Contention, where Wade will be put on the 3:10&nbsp;P.M. train to Yuma Territorial Prison and sentenced. As the group prepares to ride out, Evans' elder son William  demands to accompany them. Evans flatly refuses his demand. During the journey, Wade kills Tucker during his sleep with a fork stolen from Evans' house, and later McElroy  but is stopped from escaping by the surprise arrival of William, who had followed the group all the way from the ranch. Evans tries to pressure William to return back to the ranch, but William declines. Wade seemingly accepts to have his son with him. While taking a shortcut through a canyon, the group is attacked by Apaches. Evans tries to kill them, but he is badly wounded. Wade saves him, arms himself, and kills the remaining attackers. Following the shootout, Wade escapes to a Chinese laborer construction camp blasting a tunnel through the mountain range, where the foreman captures Wade for having killed his brother. One of his assistants, Zeke , tortures Wade with electric shocks. Evans, William, Potter, and Butterfield appear and after unsuccessful attempts at negotiation, Potter leads an attack on the foremen and his miners, freeing Wade. As they flee on their horses, Potter is shot and killed, while Wade and Evans destroy the tunnel behind them with dynamite. The group arrives in Contention several hours before the train's scheduled arrival and check into the hotel, where they are soon joined by several local marshals hired by Butterfield to protect them. Prince and the gang ambushes and interrogates the survivor of the decoy wagon, learning that Wade is being delivered to Contention and will board a train to Yuma; he then leaves the wagon to burn with the survivor trapped in it. Later Prince meets the mine foreman. Upon seeing Zeke with Wade's gun, Prince kills Zeke, the foreman and his assistant. Upon arriving in Contention and discovering the heavy guard around Wade, Prince offers every townsman a $200 bounty for every guard they kill. The marshals, unwilling to fight against such steep odds, surrender to Prince, who kills them anyway. Butterfield refuses to complete the mission, offering Evans the $200 salary even if Wade goes free. Evans refuses, noting that was the amount the government paid him for the loss of his leg. Instead he asks Butterfield to escort his son back to his ranch and to pay his wife $1,000 and a guarantee of water rights from Hollander in exchange for Evans delivering Wade to the train. After Butterfield agrees, Evans escorts Wade out of the hotel and the two make their way across town, evading continuous gunfire from the townsmen before taking refuge inside a storeroom. Wade, tired of running, nearly strangles Evans; he relents when Evans reveals that the reason he has a wooden leg  is that his real leg was lost when Evans was shot by fellow soldiers while in retreat from battle, a story that would shame his sons, and that delivering Wade to Yuma would serve as an accomplishment his sons would admire. Wade relents and agrees to board the train. The two return to the streets, dodging bullets before barricading themselves in the station to wait for the train , where Wade reveals that he's been to Yuma twice and escaped both times. Wade's gang set up positions around the station as the train approaches. William, observing the events, stampedes a herd of cattle  that provides cover for Evans to push Wade onto the train. As Wade boards, he congratulates Evans. At that moment, Prince steps up and shoots Evans four times, despite Wade's shouted order to stop. Wade steps off the train and catches the gun belt Prince tosses him. After a tense moment of silence, Wade abruptly executes Prince and the rest of his gang. William appears and draws his gun on Wade but finds he can't kill him; instead he turns to his dying father. Wade boards the train politely and surrenders his weapon. Evans eventually dies as Wade leaves in the train. As the train pulls away, he whistles for his horse, who pricks up his ears and canters after the running train into the distance."] ["The film opens with reporter Rowena Price  and researcher Miles Haley  going after a conservative senator who has been having secret sexual encounters with his male interns despite his publicly anti-gay agenda. The story is shut down, however, when the source clams up and Rowena's editor, a supporter of the senator, puts a stop to the story. The editor also insists she take a vacation and won't take no for an answer. While walking home, Rowena meets her childhood friend, Grace Clayton , who seeks her help in taking down Harrison Hill , a wealthy advertising executive. Grace gives Rowena her e-mails as proof of their extramarital affair, which Hill recently ended. A few days later Grace is found dead, leading Rowena to suspect Harrison. With Miles' help Rowena goes undercover as a temp at his company. She flirts with Hill both online and in real life  but when he catches her snooping, believing her to be a corporate spy, he fires her. At Miles's apartment, Rowena discovers a shrine to her and explicit pictures of Miles and Grace. Miles arrives home and Rowena confronts him, who defends himself by providing evidence that Hill had access to belladona for poisoning. She goes to the police, who arrest Harrison for the murder of Grace. After Hill's conviction, Miles visits Rowena. He then tells her that he knows she is the real killer and has been using this investigation to frame Hill. Rowena flashes back to a memory of her father attempting to molest her and her mother subsequently bludgeoning him to death with a fireplace poker. A younger Grace watches from her window as they bury his body. Grace has been blackmailing Rowena with this knowledge. Miles describes in detail how she had plotted the murder to end Grace's blackmail and pinned the murder on Hill. Miles asks how she intends to keep him quiet, implying she might sleep with him, since he has long lusted after her. However, Rowena stabs him to death and ransacks the kitchen. She then calls the police, claiming to have been attacked by Miles and that he might have been the real murderer. The film ends with a man looking out of a neighboring window, presumably having witnessed what really happened and hence echoing that the blackmail chain was going to keep continuing as before."] ['Ajay Sharma , is a man who seeks revenge. His father, Vishwanath Sharma , once owner of a great business empire, was defrauded by Madan Chopra , a trusted employee in Vishwanath\'s company. The Sharma family is ousted from their own company and loses everything they owned. Soon afterwards, Ajay\'s father and his young baby sister die due to illness, unable to buy medicine because of their destitute state. His mother  is now suffering from mental illness and memory loss. Driven over the edge, Ajay becomes obsessed with killing Chopra and destroying his family. Ajay begins dating Seema Chopra , the daughter of the owner of Chopra business empire. They meet secretly as her father would not approve of a poor son-in-law. Meanwhile, the younger daughter Priya Chopra  travels with her father Madan Chopra to Madras , for Madan\'s final kart race before he retires permanently. Madan has never lost before, but comes across Vicky Malhotra . Vicky allows Madan to win by slowing at the last corner and tells him that he couldn\'t beat his "guru". Vicky then charms Priya by saying that he lost the race as he couldn\'t break the heart of a beautiful girl. Thus his ploy of winning in spite of losing  succeeds as he wins Priya\'s heart. This way, he manages to date both Seema and Priya simultaneously using different identities. Ajay is  photographed lurking outside the birthday party of Seema by one of her friends. Later Madan Chopra arranges for Seema to be married off to another business family. Seema is heartbroken, and Ajay decides that they will write identical suicide notes and commit suicide. After they each write their suicide notes, he tells her that the suicide note was just a test. He says that only cowards commit suicide and destroys his note, while keeping Seema\'s. They decide to marry secretly the next day. When they arrive, the registrar is closed, so they go up to the roof of the building for sightseeing. He makes her sit on the parapet and tells her the truth about himself, after which he throws her to her death from the rooftop of the building. He then posts the suicide note and leaves, but arrives later  with Priya. He helps the Chopra family with the funeral. The letter written by Seema implies that she has committed suicide, and the murder investigation is closed. Priya cannot believe that, and asks her father to re-open the case. However, he disagrees, saying he doesn\'t want to lose his reputation due to Seema\'s affair. Priya then asks Karan , who is her former classmate and a current police inspector, for help. Priya tries to investigate Seema\'s death, however her attempts prove unsuccessful. Ravi, Seema\'s college friend, offers to help her, but is brutally killed by Vicky. As Vicky forces him to sign a suicide note before hanging him, Karan thinks that Ravi must have been in love with Seema and hence her murderer. Later, Priya and Vicky meet Seema\'s college friend, Anjali, who becomes suspicious of him. When she finds out that he was Seema\'s boyfriend back in college, she calls the Sharma household during Vicky\'s and Priya\'s engagement party. Vicky intercepts the phone and impersonates Chopra, and then arrives at her place. He strangles her, then fits her body in a suitcase and throws it in the river. Vicky vows to destroy Madan Chopra, confiscate his assets and throw him out of his office and onto the street, just like Chopra did many years ago to Ajay\'s father. Chopra needs to go on a business trip, and knowing that Vicky\'s his soon to be son-in-law, gives Vicky the Power of attorney. Vicky does a carbon copy of the previous montage of Chopra, and within days seizes everything. One day in a club Vicky takes Priya to calm her mind, where they meet Ajay\'s childhood friend, who greets him as Ajay. While Vicky tries to ignore him, Priya tells the man that he is mistaken, and that Ajay is Vicky Malhotra. Ajay\'s friend repeatedly tries to remind Vicky  about their friendship. Vicky feels trapped and tries to get out of the mess by abusing him and gets in a scuffle with him. Priya visits Ajay\'s friend and the whole truth is revealed to her. When Chopra returns, Vicky reveals himself as Vishwanath Sharma\'s son Ajay and gives him the exact sendoff that Chopra did 15–20 years ago. Priya finds Ajay\'s home address, and finds out his real identity. Ajay comes in and they argue about Seema\'s murder. Ajay wins her over by telling her the history of their two families. Madan charges in with a group of thugs and shoots Ajay in the shoulder before he is severely beaten and wounded. Ajay\'s Mother is then knocked unconscious trying to defend Ajay. This prompts him to recover and fight Madan and his gang all alone. Chopra eventually picks up a stake and mortally stabs Ajay. However, Ajay manages to impale him with the same stake by walking into him, and they jump off a small cliff. Chopra dies, and Ajay  manages to stagger back to his mother. He tells her that he has reclaimed what is rightfully hers. Mrs. Sharma is cured of her illness, but is beset by sorrow, along with Priya crying beside her, as Ajay dies in their arms.'] ['In a flashback, a group of girls playing "Triple Dog", a game of dares. Chapin Wright  triple-dog-dares a popular girl among them, Stacy , to jump off the Jogger Bridge. However, none of them know about the strong current in the river below and when Stacy jumps in, she is unable to reach the top and drowns. Back in the present, no one knows the truth about Stacy\'s death, with everyone thinking she committed suicide, except the girls at the camp, who were there when it happened. Eve  is having a sleepover for her 16th birthday. Nina , Sarah , Cecily , Liza , and Chapin are all invited. Things are tense between Chapin and Liza due to a fight they had. As the evening progresses, Chapin suggests the game Triple Dog. She explains the rules; everyone gets a dare and gives one, you get to pick who dares you, anyone who refuses or fails to do their dare must have their head shaved, and everything will be recorded. Also their most prize possesions they brought with them and all their money is up for grabs to the person who performs their dare the best. Though initially reluctant, the girls eventually decide to play. Sarah is up first, and picks Liza to dare her. Liza dares Sarah to streak. She reluctantly does so as the rest of the girls follow behind, recording her. Sarah returns to Eve\'s house, crying and embarrassed, having been seen by several teenage boys and people. Next up, Nina dares Liza to stay in Eve\'s brother\'s closet until midnight, wearing a cheerleading uniform. Liza is also reluctant at first, but ultimately does the dare. Chapin calls and blows nina\'s cover and liza refuses to leave biting eve\'s brother. eventually he calls her pretty and hits on her and at the party they bone. As the night goes on, other dares take place. As they all succeed, the last dare goes to Eve. Sarah dares her to go to third-base with Whisper , a boy she likes. The girls drive to the party Whisper is attending. Eve dances with him seductively and leads him downstairs into a secluded room as the girls follow. But as she unzips Whisper\'s pants, he stops her and confesses that he\'s interested in Chapin. Having suspected this, Eve storms out. Chapin tries to convince Whisper to hook up with Eve but Whisper brings up what happened to Stacy and tells Chapin it wasn\'t her fault. Chapin gets angry and leaves. Mallory Silvers , who was there when Stacy jumped, tells Eve the truth about Stacy\'s "suicide": the girls were playing Triple Dog and Stacy picked Chapin to dare her; Chapin dared her to jump off the bridge, which led to her death. Chapin flees to Jogger Bridge with everyone following, begging her to stop. She stands on top of the bridge and blows the girls a kiss--what Stacy had done before she jumped--and immediately jumps off with tears in her eyes. Everyone panics, fearing Chapin has suffered the same fate as Stacy. They look for her on the shore and Chapin eventually comes out of the water, safe. Chapin sobs, blaming herself for Stacy\'s death and insists she wouldn\'t have given her the dare if she had known about the current, but Eve calms her down, telling her that it was an accident. The girls meet up again and when Cecily mocks Chapin for her actions, Liza defends her, seeming to amend their friendship. Eve, who has been waiting for her estranged father\'s call throughout the film, calls him herself and gets yelled at for calling so late. After literally screaming out her frustrations, she abruptly decides to have her head shaved, in accordance with "the rules". After Eve gets shaved, the girls all return home. The film ends with Chapin going to Jogger Bridge the next morning, looking down at the water and leaving, finally accepting the truth.'] ["The movie opens outside a rundown suburban house. Inside, a woman is seen viciously murdered and partially dissected in the bath tub. As the killer, Keech , washes his hands, a baby starts to cry. Keech approaches the baby. Despite the savagery of his attack on the woman he is surprisingly gentle with the baby, comforting him and saying, “she can't hurt you anymore”. The movie jumps forward 11 years to April 17, 2011. Investigative reporter Lewis Hicks  is struggling with a failing marriage with his wife Gina ; a dubious relationship with short time girlfriend, District Attorney Felecia Carson  and a slumping career. When Hicks pays a surprise visit to Felecia she becomes upset when she sees he is still wearing his wedding band. She tells him she is ending the relationship due to his unwillingness to make a commitment. Later that day Keech attacks Felecia in her home, expressing anger over a case she was involved in concerning a child being abused and murders her. Lewis arrives at Felecia's home but she is already dead and partially dissected similar to the woman in the opening scene. Lewis spots the killer and chases him into an alley where they fight. Lewis is knocked down but the killer drops a book. The killer is seen checking a pocket watch then disappears. Lewis finds the book, which he discovers to be the killer's journal. Lewis takes the journal home and reads about Felecia's killing, as well as 2 more murders that the killer plans within the next 72 hours. He writes the other two names down, but the killer arrives inexplicably at his home and takes the journal back as well as the sheet of paper with the other two names. Lewis tries to explain to the police investigating Felecia's murder but the lead detective  doesn't believe him and actually suspects Lewis of the killing. Lewis discovers that he can read the names of the other two women due to the impression left by the pen on the second sheet. He tracks down the second woman: a school teacher named Vicki Ihrling . He wants to keep an eye on her and pretends to ask her for a date, but she changes her mind instead going to a local bar. At the bar she is approached by Keech. As they make small talk she tells him she is a teacher, he states he knows one of her former students, an orphan boy that was returned to a boys' home after a teacher at the school reported him for abusing a stray cat. Vicki becomes nervous when she realizes she is the teacher that made the report and excuses herself to the restroom. In the restroom she is attacked by Keech. Lewis is able to trace Vicki to the bar but again arrives too late, finding her murdered also. When Lewis tries to catch Keech, Keech disappears out a window. The police still doubt his story about the killer, Lewis' only evidence is a small piece of the killer's coat torn off during the earlier fight and a bloody fingerprint on a newspaper clipping. He sends both to a friend at a local crime lab. When he follows up she tell him the preliminary results from the DNA test on the blood only show one result. An 11-year old orphan living in a local boys' home. She also shows him that the fabric of the coat reacts to heat, a quality she has never seen before in a fabric. Believing that the killer may be a relative of the boy Lewis goes to the home and introduces himself to the director Polly  as a mentor for big brother program; asking to meet the boy. Polly seems hesitant as the boy has had behavioral problem and been returned by several foster families, but agrees to let Lewis meet him. She introduces Lewis to the orphan, James Keech . James seems to distrust all adults and especially dislikes the nuns at the home  and is at first unreceptive to Lewis but agrees to go to the zoo. At the zoo Lewis asks James what he would like to be when he grows up, James seems unsure, but says he is good with math and would like to be an inventor, maybe even making a time machine so he could go back and fix his life. Back at the home James tells Lewis he wants to show him something, promising him to secrecy. Lewis promises and James shows him his 'private zoo'; a box with several small animals, including a mouse, a frog and a dragonfly that are all dead and partially dissected similar to the murder victims. Lewis is shocked and James becomes very upset, yelling at him to leave. Polly hears the yelling and comes into the dorm where James angrily accuses Lewis of trying to molest him. Polly does not believe the accusation as James has a history of making similar claims. Lewis starts to tells Polly about the dead animals but James angrily shouts that he promised not to tell. Lewis decides not to say anything and leaves. Lewis deduces that the killer is not a relative of James but rather James himself, having traveled back from the future to 'fix his life'. As Lewis continues to try to stop the killer he tries to find the third woman from the journal. The evidence leads him back to the boys' home. While talking to Polly he sees her college degree on the wall and realizes she is the third woman on the killer's list, with Polly being a nickname. Lewis is arrested at the boy's home and taken to the police station. At the police station he tries to explain but the police still do not believe him. Keech arrives pretending to be Lewis' lawyer. During a private conference he reveals to Lewis that his theory is correct, showing Lewis the pocket watch from the alley revealing it to actually be a time machine, and that he is James from the year 2032 coming back to fix his life. James uses the time machine to transport Lewis and himself to the boys' home, where he has Polly tied up on the roof. Keech demands that Lewis get the younger James from his room, threatening to kill Polly if he doesn't. Lewis quietly enters the dorm and prepares to kill the younger James hoping to set the time-line right, but can't bring himself to kill the sleeping child. Instead, he hides James inside a restroom, and goes to the roof. Keech explains that the woman from the opening scene was his mother who was abusive so he killed her, and he has been traveling through time, killing other people in an effort to set his life right. Meanwhile James leaves the bathroom and follows Lewis to the roof. James sees his older self and asks Keech if he is his father, but Keech tells him the truth about being his future self. James gets upset that Keech plans to hurt Polly, stating she has been nice to him, but Keech tells James that Polly is about to find his “private zoo” and will send him to a mental hospital where his abuse continues. While on the roof Keech reveals two more inventions: the small tazer like device from the opening scene is revealed to actually be a cutting torch, and the knife is shown to be an advanced motorized weapon with the serrated edge cycling like a chainsaw. During the struggle Keech drops the knife which James picks up and uses to slash Keech's leg. Keech then pushes James away but accidentally knocks him off of the roof. Keech turns to kill Lewis but as James dies from the fall Keech disappears. During the closing scenes Lewis is seen driving. Using a voice over he explains that since James died at age 11 the time line was 'made right' and he never became the serial killer. Each of the killer's victims is shown to still be alive including James himself. We see Lewis driving past the rundown house from the beginning of the movie which we now know to be James's mother's house. James comes out the front door to take out the trash. The movie closes with Lewis going home to his wife and son."] ['The Hour of the Pig is set in 15th-century France and is based upon the career and case files of Bartholomew Chassenee, an actual lawyer of the time who served as an advocate for animals who were accused of crimes.Kadri, Sadakat; "The Trial: A History from Socrates to O.J. Simpson" HarperCollins, 3 July 2006 Animals were subject to the same civil laws and penalties as human beings under French law, 1403–1596. Richard Courtois  and his clerk Mathieu  have left the decadence of Paris in order to practise Law in what they believe to be a quiet rural village, Abbeville, in the province of Ponthieu. Courtois quickly becomes involved in a number of back-logged cases. For his first case, he defends a farmer who is accused of killing his wife\'s lover. Courtois gets him acquitted . In his next case, Courtois fails to save Jeannine, a woman accused of witchcraft. He asks for rats to be called as witnesses to testify that she did not bribe them to infect her neighbour; when the rats do not appear the following day as summoned, this charge is struck off. However, Courtois overlooks a trivial difference between Roman law and the Ponthieu law and she is sentenced to be hanged anyway. As she is led away she tells Courtois, "There is darkness all about you, you can bring the light. Look to the boy, maître. Look to the boy." At her execution, Jeannine says she will not curse the town but blesses it, saying a fine Knight will arrive and deliver them from their lying and evil. Courtois takes on a case defending a pig that is accused of killing a young Jewish boy. The pig, however, belongs to a band of Moors  passing through town. Two of the Moors, Mahmoud  and his sister Samira , appeal to Courtois to save the pig, as it is their only source of food for the coming winter. Courtois declines. Samira later enters Courtois\'s room at night and quietly strips off, offering her body in exchange for his services, but he declines her offer, and the next day offers her enough money to purchase two pigs; she refuses the offer. As Courtois delves deeper into the case and becomes more involved with Samira, he discovers that there is more at work than a simple murder. His work is brought to the attention of Seigneur Jehan d\'Auferre , who has his own designs on Courtois. Soon, Courtois finds that he is being used as a pawn in a complicated game of sociopolitical intrigue that extends beyond mere racism and corruption. The Seigneur subtly offers to bribe Courtois, also hinting that his daughter Filette is available in marriage. The Seigneur\'s son and daughter are eccentric to the point of insanity. The son\'s main hobby seems to be torturing birds. Courtois\'s relationship with Samira becomes common knowledge. The Seigneur decides to sit in at the court and uses this knowledge to threaten Courtois into letting the pig be executed. Just as the case seems to be over, the Advent festival begins and the case is adjourned. The prosecutor Pincheon  tells Courtois that he moved from Paris to Ponthieu as Courtois did, in order to shine in a village in a way he could not in Paris. He urges Courtois to go back to Paris and not waste his life amongst ignorant superstitious people. The skeleton of another Jewish boy who went missing over a year ago is found while Courtois\'s house is being built. Courtois now suspects a human serial killer is at large and the pig has been framed. On Christmas Day, Samira performs for a gathering of notables at the Seigneur\'s chateau. She is almost arrested for drawing a knife on the Seigneur\'s son after he pours wine down her blouse. Courtois boldly leads her away. That night, he rescues a boy from a masked horseman who is wielding an axe. Courtois confronts the Seigneur, telling him his son is the killer. The Seigneur does not deny it and reveals that his son has left for England to be treated. At the trial, the pig is acquitted when Valliere, the farmer Courtois saved in his first case at Abbeville, brings in a replica pig which he claims absconded at the time of the killing. As Courtois leaves, he sees a Knight arriving just as Jeannine had foretold. After he has left, the Knight goes to a room and takes off his armour to reveal that he bears the characteristic buboes of the Black Death.'] ['{{more plot}} Carson Wheetly , the son of a millionaire car racer named Ted Wheetly , finds himself tangled up in a game of seduction and murder after a raunchy night with three beautiful women: Rachel Thomas , Brandi Cox  and Linda Dobson .'] ['In 1945 a young couple, Ivor Hartley  and Irene  are leaving the homecoming dance. The couple take a shortcut through the woods where they begin to make out. Irene wants to stop but Ivor attempts to rape her. She manages to injure him however so he leaves. As Irene makes her way out of the shortcut, Benjamin Hartley attacks her, hitting her over the head with a rock and killing her. It is revealed that Benjamin has growing health issues, and eventually begins to murder anyone he sees using the shortcut. Ivor, and the rest of Benjamin\'s family then hide him away from the rest of the world, by shackling him to the basement by a chain around his neck. Present day - Derek  has recently moved to a new town and school and has befriended the feisty Lisa  and Mark , while taken a liking to Christy . Meanwhile, at his school, Tobey  tells a few of his classmates he got kicked out of his old school for fighting. The kids then dare Tobey to go through the shortcut, to which he does alone. As Tobey makes his way along, he comes across a dead dog and an old man  who threatens him, causing him to run off. Arriving home, Derek finds his brother Tobey covered in blood. Tobey tells Derek of the events on the shortcut, prompting Derek to go investigate, however he has to leave to go to the fast food place that he and Mark work at. When Derek tells Mark of the old man and the dog, Mark proceeds to tell Derek of the story of the old man who presumably killed people on the shortcut, yet nothing has ever been proven. That night Derek returns home to his Grandma\'s  home, whom the family have moved in with after the death of their Dad. Derek\'s mom  urges Derek to set a good example for Tobey. The next morning, Derek voices his opinions of annoyance from having to move to a new town again. While at school, Derek makes a move on Christy, before he is approached by Taylor  who has heard about the dead dog on the shortcut. Taylor tells him his dog has gone missing and believes the old man has killed his dog. The pair makes an arrangement to go to the shortcut that night together. After dinner, Derek asks his Grandma about the shortcut, she warns him never to go there. Derek\'s mom then tells him that the old man on the shortcut is that last member of the Hartley family still alive, and says she thinks "he just wants to be left alone." Taylor arrives and Derek and Taylor go to the shortcut. They come out at the old man\'s house and sneak into his garage where they find dog collars, but none of the collars belong to Taylor\'s dog. The old man appears and they flee. The next day, the group become determined to prove the old man is killing dogs. Derek and Lisa attempt to go back to the house, however the pairs plans are foiled when the old man does not leave his house. Later at work, Derek is startled to see the old man. Derek is unable to determine if the old man recognizes him from the night before, and he leaves soon after. Christy then arrives and she too spots the old man. Derek manages to get an intrigued Christy\'s number, so she can help with the investigation. After she leaves, Derek witnesses Mark being attacked and murdered, however it\'s revealed Mark was pulling a prank. The next day, at Derek\'s house, Mark, Lisa and Taylor have met up with Derek. Taylor tells them that a friend\'s dog has also gone missing and that the old man is a veteran, so he spends every Friday night at the memorial hall. They make a plan for Derek and Christy to spy on the old man at the memorial hall, while the other three go to investigate his house. Tobey then enters, where Lisa teases him before leaving. At the memorial hall, Derek and Christy bond before they make out and then realize that the old man has arrived. Derek phones the others to go to the house. Mark, Lisa and Taylor go through the shortcut and break into the old mans house. Mark and Lisa find a room where Benjamin was presumably home schooled in. Mark and Taylor then go into the basement. Meanwhile, Christy and Derek realize the old man is leaving however they can not get the others on the phone. Derek then realizes they must beat the old man back to the house, so they quickly begins to drive to the house. In the basement, Mark and Taylor discover an old man , revealed to be Benjamin, shackled to a large wheel by a chain that is padlocked around his neck. Benjamin pleads for them to help him before the old man arrives back home. Lisa, Mark and Taylor take Benjamin and depart the house, but leave Benjamin bound to the wheel by the chain around his neck. As they reach the shortcut, the chain restricts him from moving further. Taylor grabs the sledgehammer to break the chain, while Benjamin and Mark hold the chain tight. As Taylor swings the sledgehammer, Benjamin yanks the chain, bringing Mark\'s hand in the line of fire of the sledgehammer, horribly disfiguring it. As Lisa attempts to get a signal on her phone to call help, Taylor tends to Mark. Suddenly Benjamin hits Taylor over the head with the sledgehammer, killing him. Mark attempts to crawl away, but he too is killed with the sledgehammer. Lisa runs away as Benjamin manages to break the chain. Derek and Christy arrive at the house and find a distraught Lisa who warns them they need to leave. Just then, the old man, revealed as Ivor, arrives and crashes into the back of Derek and Christy\'s car and then tried to shoot them. Derek and Christy then flee the car and head for the forest as Lisa is shot in the leg. Derek urges Christy to escape, while he helps Lisa to run. As Christy runs deeper into the forest, she becomes lost. Suddenly she is attacked by Benjamin. As Derek and Lisa run through the forest, they fall into a pit of bones. Derek manages to climb out, but is unable to help Lisa out as Ivor arrives. Lisa hides under the bones but is spotted, and as she is about to be shot, Derek knocks out Ivor, allowing Lisa to escape. Again running through the forest, the two stumble upon Benjamin who has captured Christy and has her bound by the neck with the remaining length of chain that is also still attached to his neck. Derek attempts to save her, but Benjamin breaks Christy\'s neck, killing her. Derek attacks Benjamin and is stabbed in the side while doing so. Derek quickly finds the sledgehammer and braces himself to hit Benjamin. Before Derek can hit Benjamin, Ivor turns up, he warns Derek not to hit Benjamin, and as Derek is about to, Ivor shoots Benjamin, while saying "he can no longer deal with having to hide Benjamin and kill anyone who happens to see him." Ivor then shoots himself, allowing Derek and Lisa to make their way out of the forest. Lisa becomes unable to walk due to her injury and Derek checks on it. As they are about to continue on, Lisa is stabbed to death by Tobey. Derek is shocked at first but then says he is disappointed in his brother for allowing this to happen again, and reveals that Tobey murdered their father. The two brothers then begin to drag Lisa\'s body into the forest. Derek reassures Tobey they will be able to cover up her death, possibly implying that they both will follow the same legend that Ivor and Benjamin did.'] ['{{Plot}} Jerry Fletcher , an obsessive–compulsive New York City taxi driver who lectures his passengers on various conspiracy theories, visits his friend Alice Sutton , who works for the U.S. Attorney, at the Justice Department. She is trying to solve her father\'s murder. Jerry tells her that NASA is trying to kill the President using a secret weapon on the Space Shuttle that can trigger earthquakes. Jerry identifies some men on the street as CIA, follows them into a building, and is captured by them. He wakes up in a mental hospital bound to a wheelchair. A doctor  tapes his eyes open, injects him with LSD, and interrogates him using torture. As the LSD kicks in Jerry remembers many previous sessions, which he sees as terrifying cartoons. In a fit of panic, Jerry manages to bite the doctor\'s nose and sufficiently incapacitate him long enough to escape, still bound to the wheelchair. He manages to shut himself in a laundry truck, escaping the premises. Jerry goes to Alice\'s office again and grabs a guard\'s gun, collapsing in Alice\'s arms. Alice visits Jerry in the hospital. Handcuffed to the bed and forced to enter a drug-induced sleep, he pleads with her to switch his chart with that of a criminal in the next bed or he will be dead by morning. In the morning, when Alice visits again, the criminal is dead, as he has suffered a mysterious heart attack during the night. The CIA, FBI and other agencies are there. She meets a mysterious CIA psychiatrist, Dr. Jonas. Meanwhile Jerry fakes a heart attack and escapes again, dropping himself down a linen chute. Jerry dresses up as a doctor and escapes the building. Jonas quizzes Alice over lunch; she explains that Jerry saved her from muggers once, so she tolerates him. In Jerry\'s hospital room she finds a copy of The Catcher in the Rye. As she discusses it with an FBI officer named Lowry, the CIA come and confiscate all of Jerry\'s personal items. Lowry offers to share information with her but she declines. The CIA cannot find Jerry. Alice goes to her car, and finds Jerry hiding in it. She stops the car and speaks with Lowry, who is tailing them, and then they go to Jerry\'s apartment where he tells her about his conspiracy theories and his newsletter. He has dozens of copies of Catcher. He feels compelled to buy it, but doesn\'t know why. They are interrupted when Jerry\'s alarm goes off, signaling the entry of a CIA SWAT team. Jerry sets everything on fire and they leave by his secret trapdoor exit. In the room below, there is a large mural on the wall, which features both Alice and the triple smokestacks of a factory near the mental institution. The pair go to Alice\'s apartment and he reveals he\'s been watching her through her window. She kicks him out. Outside, Jerry confronts Lowry and his partner staking out her place, and he warns them, at gunpoint, not to hurt her. He goes to a book store and buys a copy of Catcher. The CIA detects his purchase, and sends agents to catch him. Jerry sees their black helicopters with men rappelling down and goes into a theater. He yells "there\'s a bomb under my chair" and manages to escape during the resulting panic. The next morning, Alice has been calling each person who gets the newsletter, and they have all died that night except one. Jerry uses a ruse to get her out of the office, and then attaches cables from the CIA vehicle following her to a vendor\'s cart. On a bus they discuss more of his theories. In a subway station where one Herriman drowned in another conspiracy, she agrees to check the autopsy. He says he loves her and she rejects him. Alice goes to see the last surviving person on the subscription list, and it is Jonas. He explains that Jerry was an MK-ULTRA subject but the project was terminated - except for his research. Jonas shows her a photo of her father taken from Jerry\'s locker, and claims that Jerry went out of control and killed her father. She is crushed. Jerry sends Alice a pizza containing a message to meet him. Jonas gets her to agree to a homing device in the pizza box and Jerry drives her with the box across the Queensboro bridge. He has made previous arrangements that enable him to ditch the agents following them, leaving the homing device behind. As he drives her to her father\'s private horse stables, Jerry tells her that he can almost remember what happened and is taking her to where "the music is playing." Alice turns on her mobile phone so they can still track her. At the stables Jerry remembers that he was sent to kill her father  but found he couldn\'t kill him. Instead they became friends and Jerry promised to watch over Alice before the judge was killed by another assassin. She admits she switched the charts in the hospital. The CIA arrive and capture Jerry. Jonas gloats but Jerry says, "you\'ve never seen her run." Alice outruns the men; a sniper misses her, killing the last guy chasing her, and she escapes. Jonas tortures Jerry again. Meanwhile, Alice leads the FBI men  to Jonas\' office, but it has been entirely dismantled. Declining Lowry\'s help, Alice starts searching for Jerry. She realizes that a detail of Jerry\'s large mural is near a mental hospital and goes there. She bribes an attendant to show her an unused wing, breaks in through locked doors, and finds Jerry after hearing him singing through the ventilation ducts. As Jonas catches them, Lowry arrives with his men and attacks Jonas\'s men. Jerry attempts to drown Jonas but is shot once. In retaliation, Alice shoots Jonas dead. Alice tells Jerry she loves him as he is taken away in an ambulance. Some time later, Alice visits Jerry\'s grave, leaving his union pin upon it, before returning to horse riding. As she rides away, Jerry, Lowry and Flip watching her. Jerry is not allowed to contact her until they are sure they have rounded up all of Jonas\' other subjects. He secretly lets her know he is still alive by placing his union pin on her horse\'s saddle and the film ends.'] ['After losing her parents in the age of five in a car accident, Laurie Cardell is sent to an orphanage where she stays for two years, until a fire burn down the place. Years later, she becomes a famous Hollywood actress, but traumatized and haunted by her past. When the small time criminal Nathan C. Thomas Howell is released after spending most of his life in prison, he goes to the house of his brother Daniel, a young man that works in a rental and worships Laurie. Daniel has researched the entire life of Laurie and written a screenplay with her biography. Nathan decides to please his younger brother and asks Laurie to read the script. She refuses and he kills her manager and friend and abducts her. Nathan locks Laurie in the trunk of his car, and calls his brother to go to Saint Claire orphanage to shoot the movie. Once in the destroyed spot, secrets from the past are disclosed.'] ["Patrick  lies in a coma in a Melbourne private hospital. He had murdered his mother and her lover three years ago by electrocuting them in the bath. Patrick, who has psychokinetic powers, falls in love with Kathy , the new nurse at the hospital, communicating with her via an electric typewriter. Patrick also uses his psychokinetic powers to control the men in Kathy's life and to defend himself against the hospital's bitter Matron Cassidy  who plots to murder him.{{cite book}}"] [' In 2006, a "burglary" occurs at the home of Kristi  and Dan Rey , leaving only their infant son Hunter\'s bedroom untouched. The only thing stolen is a necklace that Kristi\'s sister, Katie , had given her. Dan installs security cameras throughout the house. Martine , the family housekeeper and nanny, attempts to cleanse the house of "evil spirits," and Dan fires her after catching her burning sage. Katie and Kristi talk about being tormented by a demon when they were children. Dan\'s daughter, Ali , begins investigating the mysterious happenings after she is lured outside by loud banging and the door shuts and locks behind her. She discovers that humans can make deals with demons for wealth or power by forfeiting the life of their first-born son. She also realizes that until Hunter, there had not been a male child born in Kristi and Katie\'s family since the time of their great-great grandmother. The violence escalates and Kristi is tormented further; the family\'s German Shepherd, Abby, is attacked and apparently suffers a seizure. Dan and Ali take Abby to the vet, leaving Kristi alone with Hunter. When Kristi checks on the baby, the demon assaults her and drags into the basement, where she stays for just over an hour. Finally, the basement door opens and a possessed Kristi walks out. The following day, Ali is home with Kristi, who will not get out of bed. Ali hears noises and eventually examines the basement door and finds it covered in scratches. She also sees a word, Meus , scratched into it. Ali goes upstairs to check on Hunter, and sees Kristi in his room, with a strange bite mark on her leg. Ali phones Dan, begging him to come home, saying "There\'s something wrong with Kristi". When he arrives, Ali, who has watched the security tapes from the night before, begs him to view the footage of Kristi\'s attack. After watching the tape, he immediately calls Martine, who prepares a cross to exorcise the demon; Kristi will have no memory of having been possessed. Dan tells Ali he is going to pass the demon onto Katie so that Kristi and Hunter will be saved. Ali begs him not to because it is unfair to Katie, but Dan sees no other way to save his wife and son. That night, when Dan tries to use the cross on Kristi, she attacks him and the house lights all go out. Using the handheld camera\'s night vision, he finds Kristi and Hunter have disappeared. Furniture begins toppling over, and the chandeliers shake. Dan chases Kristi into the basement, where she attacks him. He touches her with the cross, causing her to collapse. The ground rumbles and Dan hears demonic growls and roars, until finally the shaking stops. Dan puts Kristi to bed and burns a photo of a young Katie . Three weeks later, Katie visits and explains that strange things have begun happening at her house. Kristi tells her to not discuss it just as Katie had told her before. She returns home, where she finds Micah has purchased a new video camera; the rest of the scene consists of approximately the first two minutes of the previous film. On October 9th, a night after Micah is killed, Katie, possessed and bloodstained, breaks into Dan and Kristi\'s home and kills Dan by breaking his neck. She then climbs the stairs and attacks and kills Kristi in Hunter\'s room, hurling her against the camera with superhuman strength and taking the baby. Katie leaves the room, cradling Hunter. The screen fades to black as Hunter\'s crying dies down and turns into laughter. A text states that Ali was on a school trip and returned home to find the bodies of Daniel and Kristi Rey on October 12, 2006, and that Katie and Hunter\'s whereabouts remain unknown.'] ['In Utah, Nancy Breyers  is a defense lawyer who is inexplicably in love with client Michael Bosworth , a sociopathic convict. During a break from a courtroom hearing, Nancy sneaks a gun to Bosworth. After Bosworth snaps a guard\'s neck, Bosworth and Nancy slip away. Bosworth tears at Nancy\'s clothing and leaves her behind, where she will tell authorities Bosworth held her at gunpoint during his escape. He speeds off in a car with his brother Wally , and their partner, the hulking, half-witted Albert ([[David Morse , then changes cars with one Nancy has left for him in a remote location. Needing a hideout until Nancy can catch up with them, the three settle on the home of decorated Vietnam veteran Tim Cornell  and Nora Cornell , who have two kids -- 15-year-old May  and her 8-year-old brother Zack . Their house with the "For Sale" sign is picked by Bosworth at random. Tim and Nora are separated due to his infidelity with a younger woman. But when he shows up trying to reconcile with Nora, with whom he is still in love, the two of them find themselves the prisoners of the Bosworth brothers and Albert. Nancy\'s innocent act does not fool FBI agent Brenda Chandler , who puts surveillance on her every move. Nancy eventually cuts a deal with Chandler to have charges against her reduced by betraying Bosworth. A friend of the Cornells visits the house by chance, so Bosworth shoots him. An anxiety-ridden Albert decides to go off on his own, and is killed by FBI agents on a river bank. The house is surrounded that night, and Wally is killed in a barrage of FBI bullets. Bosworth holds a gun on Nora and is prepared to use it if Tim interferes. He is unaware that Tim has removed the bullets. Tim drags the criminal outside, where Bosworth ignores the FBI\'s order to surrender, and is fatally shot.'] [" A joint Anglo-American plot is devised to steal a highly advanced Soviet fighter aircraft ([[Fictional military aircraft#Mikoyan MiG-31  which is capable of Mach 6, is invisible to radar, and carries weapons controlled by thought. Former United States Air Force Major Mitchell Gant, a Vietnam veteran-and former POW-infiltrates the Soviet Union, aided by his ability to speak Russian  and a network of Jewish dissidents and sympathizers, three of whom are key scientists working on the fighter itself. His goal is to steal the Firefox and fly it back to friendly territory for analysis. However, the KGB has gotten wind of the operation and is already hot on Gant's tail. It is only through the sympathizers that Gant remains one step ahead of the KGB and reaches the air base at Bilyarsk, where the Firefox prototype is under heavy guard. The dissident scientists working on the Firefox help Gant infiltrate the base. Dr. Pyotr Baranovich , one of the scientists, informs Gant that there is a second prototype in the hangar that must be destroyed. The diversion will allow Gant to enter the hangar and escape with the first Firefox. Gant knocks out Lt. Colonel Yuri Voskov , a Soviet pilot assigned to take the first prototype on its maiden flight during a visit from the Soviet First Secretary. The scientists attempt the destruction of the second prototype to give Gant time to suit up and start the first fighter, but the second prototype is not destroyed, and the scientists are executed by the guards. Fortunately for Gant, he escapes the hangar and lifts off just as the First Secretary arrives. Evading the Soviets' attempts to stop him, Gant barely reaches the Arctic ice pack for refueling, making a rendezvous with a US submarine whose crew refuels and rearms the aircraft. However, Gant's last-minute refusal to kill Voskov has consequences; the Soviet pilot flies the second prototype, with orders to wait for him at the North Cape area. Gant completes the rendezvous and is on the way home when Voskov engages him in a dogfight. After a long battle, Gant barely manages to fire one of his rearward missiles and Voskov's plane is destroyed. Satisfied that there are no other Soviet forces chasing him, Gant begins his flight to safety."] ['Frank Horrigan and Al D’Andrea meet with members of a counterfeiting group at a marina. The group\'s leader, Mendoza, tells Horrigan that he has identified D\'Andrea as a United States Secret Service agent, and forces him to prove his loyalty by putting a gun to D\'Andrea’s head and pulling the trigger. Horrigan shoots Mendoza\'s men, identifies himself as an agent, and arrests the counterfeiter. Horrigan investigates a complaint about an apartment\'s absent tenant. He finds a collage of photographs and newspaper articles on famous assassinations, a model building magazine, and a Time cover with the President\'s head circled. When Horrigan and his partner return with a search warrant only one photograph remains, which shows a much younger Horrigan standing behind John F. Kennedy in Dallas in 1963. He is the only remaining active agent who was guarding the President that day, but guilt over his failure to react quickly enough to the first shot in Dallas to take the next one in Kennedy\'s place caused Horrigan to drink excessively and his family to leave. Horrigan receives a phone call from the tenant, who calls himself “Booth”. He tells Horrigan that like John Wilkes Booth and Lee Harvey Oswald he plans to kill the President, who is running for reelection and is making many public appearances around the country. Horrigan asks to return to the Presidential Protective Detail despite his age, where he begins a relationship with fellow agent Lilly Raines. Booth continues to call Horrigan as part of his "game", even though he is well-aware that his calls are tapped and traced. He mocks the agent\'s failure to protect Kennedy, but calls him a "friend". Booth escapes Horrigan and D\'Andrea after one such call from Lafayette Park, but leaves fingerprints. The FBI matches the print, but the identity is classified so the bureau cannot disclose it to the Secret Service; it does, however, notify the CIA. At a campaign event in Chicago Booth pops a decorative balloon which Horrigan, who has the flu, mistakes for a gunshot. Due to the error he leaves the protective detail but remains in charge of the Booth case. Horrigan and D\'Andrea learn from the CIA that Booth is Mitch Leary, a former operative  who has suffered a mental breakdown and is now a "predator". Leary, who has already killed several people as he prepares for the assassination, uses his modelmaking skills to build a composite zip gun to evade metal detectors and hides the bullets and springs in a keyring. D\'Andrea confides to Horrigan that he is going to retire immediately because of nightmares about the Mendoza incident, but Horrigan is able to dissuade him. After Leary taunts Horrigan about the President facing danger in California, the assassin kills D\'Andrea after the two agents chase him across Washington rooftops. Horrigan asks Raines to reassign him to the protective detail as the President visits Los Angeles, but a television crew films him mistaking a bellboy at the Westin Bonaventure Hotel for a security threat, and he must again leave the detail. Horrigan connects Leary to a bank employee\'s murder and learns that Leary, who has made a large campaign contribution, is among the guests of a campaign dinner at the hotel. He sees the President approach the assassin and jumps in front of his bullet. As the Secret Service quickly removes the President, Leary uses Horrigan&mdash;who is wearing a bulletproof vest&mdash;as a hostage to escape to the hotel\'s external elevator. The agent uses his earpiece to tell Raines and sharpshooters where to aim; although they miss Leary, Horrigan defeats him. The assassin chooses to fall to his death from the elevator. Horrigan, now a hero, retires as his fame no longer lets him do his job. He and Raines find a farewell message from Leary on Horrigan\'s answering machine. Horrigan and Raines leave the house and visit the Lincoln Memorial.'] ['Detective John Prudhomme, a Cajun transferred to Chicago, is assigned to investigate the savage murder of a man who has bled to death from a severed arm. A message, "He Is Coming", written in blood on the victim\'s window, is a dark, foreboding clue. After two more victims with missing body parts are discovered, Prudhomme realizes he is on the trail of a serial killer who is using the missing body parts to reconstruct the body of Christ in time for Easter.'] ['{{Plot}} The film begins with Shelby  driving at night while crying and smoking a cigarette, which she drops and then hits someone who was standing in the path of the car. Mike , Shelby\'s ex-boyfriend, has a new girlfriend, Elizabeth , and they are preparing to go to Mt. Bliss, Mike\'s hometown, because the football team is going to be retiring his jersey. Shelby has problems with the bank about the bowling alley she inherited when her mother died and still believes that she and Mike are still an item. After the football game Mike and Elizabeth decide to go to Shelby\'s bowling alley. When Shelby sees Mike she kisses him, but Mike tells her that he has a new girlfriend. Shelby befriends Elizabeth and after a few tequila shots, a drunk Elizabeth says she is going to meet Mike\'s parents after. Shelby then tells her that Mike\'s parents are over judgmental, making Elizabeth nervous. Wanting to give a good first impression to Mike\'s parents, Elizabeth decides to go to a motel and sleep her intoxication off, so gets driven to the nearest one from Mike\'s policeman cousin Billy. As she arrives at check-in, the man behind the counter tells her that there are not any rooms left because of the homecoming football games and the nearest motel is four miles away. Mike goes home to see his mother, who tells him that one of her friends said his new girlfriend got drunk at the alley. Mike tells her that since Elizabeth wanted to make a good impression, she decided to stay at a motel. Mike\'s mother questions him why Elizabeth would think that, implying that Shelby lied to Elizabeth. Elizabeth begins to walk up the road with her suitcase, looking for someone to drive her to the motel. While driving Shelby is now crying and smoking a cigarette as seen in the beginning scene of the film. Elizabeth tries to flag the car down and becomes the person Shelby hits. After the crash, fear for Elizabeth, Shelby puts her in her car and takes her home with her. At her house Shelby takes care of Elizabeth by using some medical supplies left over from when her mother was sick. The next morning Mike tries to call Elizabeth but her phone goes to voicemail. Mike and Billy decide to go fishing. Elizabeth then wakes up in Shelby\'s house. Confused, she asks Shelby what happened. Fearing that she would go to jail for hitting Elizabeth, Shelby tells her that she found her in the road as a victim of a hit and run. Elizabeth suffered extensive bruising and a broken ankle. Shelby tells Elizabeth that she left a message on Mike\'s voicemail telling him where Elizabeth was, which is a lie. Shelby then sedates Elizabeth. Shelby then walks to her bowling alley to get Elizabeth\'s car. Elizabeth wakes up at Shelby\'s house. While Shelby is gone to get the car, she manages to get out of her bed with her injured ankle and hobble to Shelby\'s bedroom. She finds it covered in pictures of Mike and Shelby when they were still together with "SM + MD" written everywhere. Shelby returns and Elizabeth hobbles back to her room but accidentally detaches a photo strip of Shelby and Mike from the wall in her haste. Shelby finds the strip and realizes Elizabeth has been in her room. As a punishment she dislocates Elizabeth\'s bad foot. Mike and Billy go to the motel where Billy dropped her off and the receptionist tells him that Elizabeth never checked in the motel. They then go to the bowling alley where Elizabeth left her car and see that is no longer there since Shelby stole it and hid it in her barn at her house. Shelby looks through Elizabeth\'s suitcase and takes a gift that was intended for Mike, planning to give the gift to him as her own. Billy later tries to convince Mike to take Shelby back, since she still loved him even after he rejected her numerous times. Mike does agree, however, to go out for drinks that night. At the bar, Mike sees Shelby there and follows her to the bathroom. Shelby and Mike begin to passionately kiss, but Mike says that he cannot cheat on Elizabeth even though she seems to have deserted him. He leaves Shelby in the bathroom where she begins to cry. The next day, Mike, thinking Elizabeth left him for her ex-boyfriend, gets a text from Shelby on Elizabeth\'s phone saying too much is happening too fast. He lies on the couch looking at his phone\'s display of "No New Messages". Elizabeth finds herself locked in the bathroom. After rummaging around, she discovers taped to the inside of the cistern lid Polaroid pictures of Shelby\'s mother dying, revealing that Shelby had killed her. There is also a paper titled "Poisonous Plants" and a form showing that no autopsy had been performed at Shelby\'s request. Fearing her own murder is approaching, Elizabeth scours the bathroom looking for a way out. She finds a screwdriver and uses it on the door to escape. Shelby gets home from visiting Mike to give him his jacket and opens the bathroom door to find the room empty. She turns around to be met by the cistern lid in Elizabeth\'s hands. Elizabeth takes Shelby\'s jacket and hobbles down the stairs, out the front door into the barn, where she finds her locked car. In frustration, Elizabeth hits her car causing the alarm to sound. Shelby runs to the barn and subdues Elizabeth. Shelby calls her a "stupid bitch" and pulls the car keys from the jacket\'s pocket. She then ties up Elizabeth with duct tape. While she\'s lying on the floor, Elizabeth tells Shelby that she knows about her mother. Elizabeth tells her that her parents are rich and promises to run away and not tell anyone if Shelby will release Elizabeth and accept money from her parents. Shelby ignores her and uses pruners to cut out Elizabeth\'s Achilles\' tendons. Shelby then gags Elizabeth and locks her in the basement. Mike prepares for his big ceremony to retire his football jersey, wearing the jacket that Shelby gave him. Billy stops by Shelby\'s house to see if she wanted a ride. While Shelby is talking to Billy, Elizabeth manages to shut off the power. Billy offers to fix it, but Shelby dismisses his offer, saying she shall do it later. Billy insists and enters the basement with his flashlight, seeing Elizabeth bound and gagged. Shelby creeps down behind him, strikes him in the chest with an axe and takes his gun. She shoots him dead, puts his body in a barrel and burns it. At the high school where Mike is being honored, he stands in the bathroom and takes off his jacket, only to see Elizabeth\'s initials on it. Realizing that Shelby had stolen the jacket, he thinks that Shelby must also be holding Elizabeth captive. He runs to her house to confront her where he hears Elizabeth in the basement and goes down to her. After a short standoff, Shelby shoots him in the leg. An altercation follows, resulting in Shelby fainting. He carries Elizabeth upstairs and stops to rest in the kitchen. Shelby comes up and after more fighting is attacked by Elizabeth with Mike\'s football helmet. He tells her to stop, and when she does, Shelby reaches for her gun. Elizabeth then continues to beat her with the helmet. After that, Mike picks Elizabeth off her feet and carries her out. The film fades to a home video of Shelby and Mike kissing and laughing about turning off the camera. The final shot is of Shelby\'s eyes opening. Shelby is not dead.'] ['{{Plot}} Norman Bates  is now being released from a mental institution after spending 22 years in confinement. Lila Loomis , sister of Marion Crane, vehemently protests with a petition that she has been circulating with signatures of 743 people, including the relatives of the seven people Norman killed prior to his incarceration, but her plea is dismissed. Norman is taken back to his old home, the Bates Motel, with the house behind it on the hill, by Dr. Bill Raymond , who assures him everything will be fine. Norman is introduced to the motel\'s new manager, Warren Toomey . The following day, Norman reports to a prearranged job as a dishwasher and busboy at a nearby diner, run by a kindly old lady named Emma Spool . One of his co-workers there is Mary Samuels , a young waitress. After work, Mary claims she has been thrown out of her boyfriend\'s place and needs a place to stay. Norman offers to let her stay at the motel, then extends the offer to his home when he discovers that Toomey has turned what had been a shabby but respectable establishment before Norman was committed into a sleazy adult motel. Norman\'s adjustment back into society appears to be going along well until "Mother" begins to make her presence known. Norman gets mysterious notes from "Mother" at the house and diner. Phone calls came from someone claiming to be Norman\'s mother. The next day, drunk Toomey picks a fight at the diner after Norman fires him. Back at the motel Toomey yells hysterically up to the house at Norman saying he\'s moving out. Later, a human figure in a black dress walks in and slashed his face and stabs him to death with a large kitchen knife as he is packing to leave the motel. As Norman begins to reconstruct his motel, he begins to doubt his sanity when he spots a human figure staring out of the upstairs window resembling his mother. Shocked by this, Norman runs into the house and enters his mother\'s bedroom to find it looks exactly as it did 22 years ago. A sound lures him to the attic, where he is locked in. At the same time, a teenage couple, believing the house to be abandoned, sneaks in through the cellar window. As they were making out, they noticed a human female figure dressed in black pacing in the next room and heading towards the cellar trapdoor with a large kitchen knife. The girl tries to climb through a small window, but knocks over a pile of logs. As they try to climb out, the window slams down on his hands and the boy is stabbed to death. The girl escapes and alerts the police. Mary eventually finds Norman in the attic, but the door is unlocked confusing Norman. Minutes later, the sheriff arrives at the house and questions them about the boy\'s murder. He finds the cellar neat and orderly. Norman is about to admit that something suspicious is going on, but Mary claims that she has cleaned up the basement herself. After the sheriff leaves, Norman asks Mary why she lied. She explains that she had to save him from being arrested. Norman collapses into the chair with his head in his hands and moans, "It\'s starting again!"; Norman is aware that he is slipping into insanity again. That evening, Mary goes down to the motel to look for a bottle of brandy. In the parlour she is surprised by Lila, who reveals herself to be Mary\'s mother and ask her why she alibied for him. She has been calling Norman claiming to be his mother; Mary has also been helping her. She was the figure Norman spotted in the window, and also restored mother\'s room in the house plus locking Norman in the attic. All of this was an attempt to drive Norman insane again and to have him recommitted. Mary\'s growing feelings for Norman, however, have been preying on her conscience, leaving her to reconsider her actions. Lila becomes annoyed at Mary for giving an alibi to the police, because she is desperate for Bates to be recommitted. Mary, however, believes Norman to be innocent and states there could be somebody else lurking in the house. As she leaves, Lila warns her that Norman will eventually kill her just like the rest. As Norman enters the bathroom he calls for Mary, and the two are horrified to find a bloody cloth that has been stuffed down the toilet and overflowing. Norman appears confused and believes he may have committed another murder. Mary tells Norman it could not have been him as he was in the attic, and tells Norman to make them both a drink. As Mary cleans up the mess, she is startled when she discovers someone looking at her through a peephole in the bathroom wall. She screams and then calls out to Norman, who is downstairs and out of reach. Mary then returns to her room to fetch her gun, which she has been keeping in her bag, and enters Norman\'s mother\'s bedroom. As she enters, she discovers a peephole behind a painting and looks through and finds somebody else staring at her through the bathroom wall. Norman rushes to her aid but is sad to learn that Mary has a gun, thinking it is because of him she carries it, which Mary denies. Norman goes downstairs into the kitchen, grabs a butcher knife for protection, and goes into the hallway to search for the intruder. As he walks towards the stairs he is shocked to hear a faint voice coming from the cellar calling his name. Norman then runs into Mary\'s room and locks the door stating his mother is downstairs waiting to kill Mary. Mary tells him his mother is dead but Norman states he was wrong and that she is alive. Mary, who to herself thinks Lila is tormenting him, tries to convince him to confront her, but Norman refuses, claiming it is too dangerous, and tells her that he will protect her through the night. Meanwhile, Dr. Raymond discovers Mary\'s identity as Lila\'s daughter and informs Norman. He also orders the corpse of Norma Bates  to be exhumed, to prove that Norman is not being haunted by his mother. Mary admits to Norman that she has been part of Lila\'s ruse, and that while she now refuses to continue, Lila will not stop. Mary goes to Lila\'s hotel and tells her to leave Norman alone, mentioning the bloodied cloth and the peephole. Lila states her innocence, claiming she returned to her hotel after seeing Mary and their argument is overheard by a desk clerk. Lila tells Mary to dress up as "Mother" one last time to send him over the edge, which she refuses. Later, Lila drives over to Norman\'s house, unaware that Dr. Raymond is watching her from the Bates Motel as she sneaks into the cellar. While removing her "Mother" costume from a loose stone in the floor, another human figure dressed as "Mother" steps out of the shadows and shoves a knife into Lila\'s mouth. Dr. Raymond runs up to the house; Lila\'s body is not in the cellar and the "Mother" figure is gone. Norman enters the cellar and Dr. Raymond tells him about Lila and leaves the house to try and prove to Norman that Mary and Lila are the ones tormenting him. Meanwhile, Mary discovers that a car has been retrieved from the swamp, stunk with Toomey\'s dead body in the trunk. Realizing the police will shortly arrive to arrest Norman, Mary returns to warn him hysterically. The phone rings in the house. Norman answers, and starts speaking to his "mother" but it\'s actually Dr. Raymond who is calling Norman from the motel parlour telling him Lila used the office phone to place the calls but Norman believes he is still talking to his "mother". Mary listens in and discovers that nobody is on the line with Norman. Terrified that Norman has slipped back into insanity, Mary runs downstairs into the cellar and quickly dresses up as Mother to confront Norman and arms herself with a large butcher knife. She picks up the phone and tells Norman she\'s his mother and tells him to hang up. Dr. Raymond sneaks up and grabs her from behind as she is on top of the stairs calling out for Norman. She screams and plunges the knife into Dr. Raymond as he falls down the stairs to his death as the knife squishes into him further. A stunned Mary runs downstairs and is confronted by a completely deranged Norman, who promises to cover up for "Mother." A fearful Mary grabs the knife out of Dr. Raymond\'s body and warns Norman to stay away from her. Norman keeps walking towards her even after being repeatedly stabbed in the hands and chest. He backs Mary into the fruit cellar to hide and slips on a pile of coal, which avalanches away from the wall, revealing Lila\'s body hidden behind it. A shocked Mary is now convinced that Norman has been committing the murders. Norman denies doing any of the killings and thinks "Mother" committed them. She raises her knife to stab him but is shot dead by one of the incoming police deputies. The sheriff inaccurately places a story to the authorities believing Mary committed all the murders and killed Lila to protect Norman. That evening, a woman walks up the steps to the Bates\' mansion. Bandaged from his injuries, Norman has set a place for dinner when he hears a knock at the door. It is Emma Spool, the kindly woman from the diner. Norman gives her a cup of tea. Ms. Spool tells him that she is his real mother, that Mrs. Bates was her sister, who adopted Norman as an infant while Ms. Spool was institutionalized. She further reveals that she was the murderer, having killed anybody who tried to harm her son. As she sips the tea, Norman kills her with a sudden blow to the head with a shovel. Norman is now completely insane again. He carries Ms. Spool\'s body upstairs to Mother\'s room and we hear Mother\'s voice warn Norman not to play with "filthy girls". Norman reopens the Bates Motel and stands in front of the house, waiting for new customers. Thunder is heard and Mother watches from the window upstairs.'] ["Three years after Steve Peterson's wife, Nina, was murdered in front of their 11 year old daughter Julie, she and his new girlfriend Sharon Martin are kidnapped by the same killer, the psychotic Artie Taggart. Imprisoning them in a bunker below Grand Central Station, he throws the police into a race against time to save the girls and catch the killer.."] ['Frederick Clegg is a lonely young man who collects butterflies. After winning a large sum of money in a football pool, he buys an isolated country house and begins stalking pretty, young art student, Miranda Grey. One day in the city, Frederick kidnaps and chloroforms Miranda. He loads her unconscious body into the back of his van and drives to his house, locking Miranda in the windowless stone cellar that he has prepared with a bed, some furnishings, and an electric heater. When Miranda awakens, Frederick confesses his love for her, and explains that he only wants time for her to get to know him. At first, Miranda angrily demands to be released, but later agrees to stay for four weeks, but only if he gives her his word that he will let her go at the end of that time. Miranda stays locked in the cellar, except for occasional baths in the main house. At one point Frederick proudly shows her his massive butterfly collection. She is shocked by the living beauty he has destroyed, and realizes that he\'s "collected" her. Four weeks go by, during which Frederick discovers and prevents a number of clever escape attempts by Miranda. On the night of her promised release, Frederick surprises Miranda with a formal dinner and champagne. He presents her with a wedding ring and asks her to marry him. When Miranda agrees, Frederick becomes suspicious of her motives. They argue, and he chloroforms her and locks her in the basement again. During her next outing in the main house, Miranda attempts to seduce Frederick. He is appalled, and tells her he has lost all respect for her, and he can\'t allow her to leave. Miranda realizes just how unstable Frederick is, and that she will never leave alive. While being taken back to the cellar in the rain, she seizes a nearby shovel and strikes Frederick in the head with it. Frederick is wounded, but he manages to pull her back into the cellar, breaking the heater during their struggles. Frederick then drives his van to a hospital and is helped inside by a nurse. Miranda remains locked in the cold cellar, soaking wet. Frederick returns a few days later to find Miranda terribly ill, and he goes into town to get a doctor. There, Frederick stops himself from going inside the doctor\'s office, instead returning alone with some medicine. He enters the cellar to find Miranda dead. In a voice over, he says it was Miranda\'s fault for not trying to get to know him and for losing his respect. He reveals that Miranda is buried under a tree on his property in a box he made, and she got everything she deserved. He says his only mistake was trying to deal with someone like Miranda, who was much too clever and of a different social background. He has decided that he needs to find someone simpler and more common that he can "teach". The final scene shows Frederick back behind the wheel of his van, stalking a young nurse.'] ["Lilly Dillon  is a veteran con artist who begins to rethink her life when her son Roy , a small-time grifter, suffers an almost-fatal injury when hit with a thrust from the blunt end of a baseball bat, right after a failed scam. Lilly works for a bookmaker, Bobo Justus, handling playback at horse racing tracks&nbsp;&ndash; that is, she makes large cash bets to lower the odds of longshots. On her way to La Jolla for the horse races, she stops in Los Angeles to visit Roy, whom she hasn't seen in eight years. She finds him in pain and bleeding internally. When medical assistance finally comes, Lilly confronts the doctor, threatening to have him killed if her son dies. At the hospital, Lilly meets and takes an instant dislike to Roy's girlfriend, Myra Langtry , who is a few years older than her son. Lilly urges her son to quit the grift, saying he literally doesn't have the stomach for it. Because she leaves late for La Jolla, she misses a race where the winner was paying 70&ndash;1. For this mistake, Bobo burns her hand with a cigar. Myra, like Roy and Lilly, plays all the angles. When her landlord demands payment of late rent, she uses her sex appeal to lure him into bed and forget the rent. She makes a similar offer to a jeweler to get what she wants for a gem she is trying to pawn. Upon leaving the hospital, Roy takes Myra to La Jolla for the weekend. On the train, she notices him conning a group of sailors in a rigged dice game. Myra reveals to Roy that she is also a grifter and is looking for a new partner for a long-con operation. Myra describes her long association with another man, Cole, and how they took advantage of wealthy marks in business cons, including a greedy oil investor, Gloucester Hebbing. A flashback scene in a plush office building culminates in a fake FBI raid with a fake shooting of Myra to discourage Hebbing from going to the police. Roy&nbsp;&ndash; who insists on working only short-term cons&nbsp;&ndash; resists the proposition, fearing she may try to dupe him herself. Myra, seeing Lilly's power over Roy, accuses him of having an incestuous interest in Lilly. Infuriated, Roy strikes her. Myra then plans her revenge. She lets it be known that Lilly has been stealing from Bobo over the years and stashing money in the trunk of her car. Lilly is warned by a friend and flees. Myra follows with the intention of killing her. Roy is called by an FBI agent to identify his mother's body, found in a motel room with the face disfigured. While identifying it as Lilly's, he silently notes that there is no cigar burn on the corpse's hand. Coming back home, he finds Lilly trying to steal all of his money. Lilly, it is revealed, shot Myra in self-defense at the motel and arranged the scene to appear as though Myra's body was actually Lilly's. Roy refuses to let Lilly depart with his money. A desperate Lilly is willing to try anything, first pleading with him, then seducing him, even going so far as to tempt Roy by claiming he is not really her son. Roy rejects her, disgusted. In anger, Lilly swings a suitcase at him and unintentionally breaks a drinking glass onto his neck, slashing an artery. Lilly sobs convulsively while she packs up the money as her son bleeds to death on the floor. In the penultimate shot, she is seen dressed in red, riding an elevator that's heading down . Then she gets into a car and drives off into the night."] ['Famed playwright Sidney Bruhl debuts the latest in a series of Broadway flops and returns to his opulent Long Island home and his sympathetic but sick wife, Myra. Although their financial situation is not dire, Sidney is hungry for a hit. They are starting to feel the limit of his wife\'s fortune, so he shares with her a plan. He has received a manuscript written by one of his students that he considers near perfection. Clifford Anderson recently attended one of Sidney\'s writing workshops and now asks for his input on his play "Deathtrap." Myra\'s weak heart is not improved when her husband does not rule out eliminating Clifford and producing the play as his own. He invites Clifford to their secluded Long Island home to discuss it. Clifford arrives by train. Myra tries desperately over the course of an evening to convince Sidney to work with Clifford as equal partners, but to no avail. Sidney attacks Clifford, strangling him with a chain. Sidney removes the body but still has to convince Myra to conspire with him. She reveals nothing when they receive an unexpected visit from the psychic Helga Ten Dorp, a minor celebrity who is staying with the Bruhls\' neighbors. But Helga senses pain and death in the house; before she leaves she warns Sidney about a man in boots who will attack him. As she prepares for bed, Myra is managing to come to terms with Sidney\'s diabolical deed. All is calm until Clifford bursts through the bedroom window and beats Sidney with a log. Clifford chases Myra through the house until her heart gives out; she collapses and dies. Sidney calmly descends the stairs, uninjured, and sidles unperturbed to Clifford\'s side. They exchange a few words about what to do with Myra\'s body, then exchange a passionate kiss. Clifford moves in with Sydney. The two work together at a partner\'s desk, Sidney suffering from writer\'s block but Clifford busily typing page after page of a new play that he keeps suspiciously under lock and key. While Clifford is out grocery shopping, Sidney breaks the lock and is horrified to discover that Clifford is using the true story of Myra\'s murder as the basis of a play called "Deathtrap." Unashamed, Clifford offers to share the work and the credit. Sidney demurs until Clifford insists he\'s prepared to leave him and write the play without him. A few days later, Helga stops by, ostensibly for candles in anticipation of a predicted thunderstorm. Almost immediately after meeting Clifford, she warns Sidney that Clifford is the man in boots. Sidney doublecrosses Clifford by asking him to arm himself with an axe to demonstrate a bit of stage business, then producing a gun to dispose of Clifford and "Deathtrap." But Clifford has loaded the bullets into a different gun, and he secures Sidney to a chair with manacles, unaware they were once the property of Harry Houdini. Sidney easily releases himself, grabs a crossbow and fells Clifford with a single arrow. Before Sidney can dispose of the body the storm hits with full force, plunging him into darkness. A flash of lightning illuminates the living room and a fleeting figure scurries through. It is Helga, aware of the mortal danger at the house. Sidney finds a knife while Helga grabs a gun. Clifford regains consciousness and trips Helga. The gun goes flying and a struggle for it ensues that ... ... culminates on a stage with actors before a full house, where "Clifford" stabs "Sidney" and both die, leaving "Helga" victorious. The opening night audience erupts in thunderous applause, and at the back of the house stands Helga Ten Dorp, now the happy author of a hit Broadway play called "Deathtrap."'] ['The film opens up with surveillance camera views of a mansion and its rooms; the views alternate among images of nine people being kidnapped. Lea , an abductee, wakes up in a bedroom. She notices others in nearby bedrooms, and runs to the main door, bangs at it, and shouts to be let out. She finds the windows are all walled with bricks; even the basement door is blocked. She has a panic attack and passes out. Lea is awakened by Father Duffy , a priest who is with a group of seven people. A voice (The Watcher ([[Jim Carter  comes over a speaker which announces they are gathered to play a game. Their friends and family are being "taken care of", so they won\'t be found. Also, they were chosen "not based on who they are, but what they are". It is like a reality show, only much graver: the rules are that the winner is the last one left alive; he or she would then be freed, and also receive compensation of five million U.S. dollars. The players discuss the situation. They try to break down the door using a dining table as a battering ram, and then try to dig and break through other holes, but nothing works. A sound from the kitchen reveals a dumbwaiter with food. In the dining room, the players introduce themselves. Father Duffy is a priest. Jay is a cop with a pistol. Lea is a dancer. Claire is a tennis player. Francis is a musician, and Cynthia is his wife. Al B is an ambitious rapper that covets Jay\'s gun, and assumes anything said about him is racially motivated. Shona is a drug addict with an ankle bracelet monitor; some players hope that this may attract outside help. Max is a clothes designer. After dinner, the players choose bedrooms. Cynthia and Francis take one, and Duffy gets his own; the others share. Jay and Lea talk about their families, until someone sneaks in and tries to steal Jay\'s gun. Jay and Lea foil the attempt and assemble everyone in the hallway where they all argue. Afterwards, Jay tells Lea that he only trusts her and Duffy. The players open a wine cabinet and have drinks, except for Duffy, who returns to his room. Lea goes for a walk and Jay sits at his bed. Francis leaves with a glass stopper; he breaks it in the bathroom, and hides some shards under the toilet lid. Shona, Claire and Max get drunk. Al B flirts and dances with Cynthia, until Francis arrives. The two men fight, but when Cynthia intervenes, Al B pushes her and knocks the back of her head against the stone railing, which causes her death. Jay "arrests" Al B, and locks him in a room using a pipe. The players are shocked at Cynthia\'s death. Al B screams to be let out. Duffy brings him food, but he escapes and attacks Jay with the pipe; he beats him to a pulp. With his dying breath, Jay gives Duffy his gun. Al B slowly backs into the room and shuts the door. The next day, the six remaining players find food and wine, along with a card that says "Good work". They run to Al B\'s room and find that he has hung himself. Duffy and Lea stand in shock, while the other players leave to eat. Francis retreats and show signs of a mental breakdown. Shona and Claire argue, and it escalates to the point where Claire kills Shona. Meanwhile, Francis goes after Lea, who is washing her face in the bathroom. He rips the light fixture from the wall and throws it into the sink, electrocuting her. Claire tells Duffy that she killed Shona in self-defense. Duffy leaves to look for Lea, and finds her on the bathroom floor. Francis arrives, and pretends to act surprised. Meanwhile, Claire goes to get food, but sees Max. She offers to form an alliance with him; he accepts. Francis attacks Duffy with the assumption he would not retaliate with the gun, but Duffy shoots him in the stomach. As Claire turns around to the sound, Max wraps his belt around her neck. Duffy returns to the foyer and sees Max strangle Claire. Max explains that "she was stealing food", but refuses Duffy\'s pleas to stop. Duffy shoots Max in the head. The gunshot awakens Lea, who had survived the electrocution. She barricades the door and rushes to the shower, but knocks the toilet lid and discovers the glass shards that Francis hid. She tears a shower curtain and wraps it around one of the shards. Duffy asks Claire if she is okay, but he is stabbed in the back by Francis, and he drops the gun. Francis retrieves it and shoots Claire. Duffy pleads for his life, but Francis uses the last round to shoot him. He then declares victory, repeatedly shouting "I Win!" Upstairs, Lea makes a commotion when she fumbles with the toilet cover. Francis hears the noise and heads upstairs. Lea hides under the bed when Francis walks in the room. After seeing that Lea is no longer in the bathroom, he spots her, and toys with her briefly before pulling her out. In the ensuing struggle, Lea stabs Francis in the leg with the shard, and runs to a balcony. Francis charges her, and they flip over the railing. Lea lands on top of Francis, but when she gets up, she realizes the shard had pierced Francis in the heart. The front door opens, revealing a bright light, and a bag on the floor. Lea walks to the door, picks up the bag, and leaves.  The DVD includes two alternate endings. In the first ending, as Lea steps into the light, she is knocked unconscious, and wakes up in her apartment bed. She notices the bag, a small TV set and a videotape. She opens the bag and sees a pile of cash. She plays the tape, and sees the camera footage of the foyer . The Watcher says she just became a member of the world\'s most exclusive survival club, and that he is very proud. The picture then goes to the bedrooms where there are nine new people passed out on the floor. Lea stares at the screen in shock as The Watcher says, "Happy viewing..." In the second "originally intended"{{huh}} ending, as Lea leaves the house, she is led into another one where she meets four people. Each of them have a bag of money. The camera zooms in on Lea; a fearful look grows as she realizes that the game is not over.'] ["At the Presidio Army base in San Francisco, MP Patti Jean Lynch  is shot dead while investigating a break-in on the base and a San Francisco police officer is killed in the getaway. Jay Austin  is sent to investigate. He was Lynch's former partner as an MP, and is now a San Francisco police inspector. He clashes with Lieutenant Colonel Alan Caldwell , the base Provost Marshal. Years ago, Austin and Lynch were partners in the MPs and Caldwell was their commanding officer. When Austin arrested Colonel Paul Lawrence , Caldwell didn't support him. In the aftermath, Austin was demoted and decided to get discharged from the army. Austin and Caldwell since share a mutual dislike for one another. The murder investigation now casts suspicion on Lawrence. Lynch was killed with a rare Russian pistol called a Tokarev. Lawrence is the registered owner of a Tokarev, but claims he lost it in a poker game. Austin also learns that the getaway car used by Lynch's killer was registered to a civilian named Arthur Peale , who is wealthy and owns a holding company that, in turn, owns other companies. Austin tries to question Lawrence about the Tokarev, but Caldwell intervenes. This fuels Austin's suspicions that Caldwell will do anything to protect a fellow officer from civilian authorities, even if he is a killer. Recognizing that part of the case is under Caldwell's jurisdiction at the Presidio and part is under Austin's jurisdiction in San Francisco, they uneasily team up to investigate the case. Caldwell comments that if the Tokarev bullet that killed Lynch matches a bullet fired earlier from Lawrence's Tokarev at the Presidio firing range, then Caldwell will arrange for Lawrence to surrender to Austin for arrest. In the meantime, Caldwell and Austin visit Arthur Peale, who owned the car used in the shooting and getaway. Peale claims the car was simply stolen and had an alibi for the night Lynch was shot. But Caldwell noticed Vietnam-era paraphernalia in Peale's office. Using his own contacts, Caldwell learns that Peale was previously in the CIA, and a spy and military advisor in Vietnam at the same time Lawrence was there as an officer. It becomes clear that Lawrence and Peale knew each other. Austin gets the ballistics report back on the Tokarev, which confirms that Lawrence's gun killed Lynch. Ignoring his agreement with Caldwell, Austin corners Lawrence when he leaves the Presidio, resulting in a lengthy footchase through San Francisco's Chinatown. Ultimately, Lawrence is killed in a hit and run. Caldwell is furious that Austin disregarded their agreement. Compounding their past tension, Caldwell is also upset that Austin is dating his daughter, Donna . Their relationship is rocky, with Donna alternately teasing and pushing Austin away. Caldwell confides in his friend, retired Sergeant Major Ross Maclure , who runs the Presidio's war museum. It is revealed in backstory that Caldwell was Maclure's lieutenant during the Vietnam War. Caldwell was very green and relied heavily on Maclure. In one sequence, we learn that Maclure saved an injured Caldwell and attacked a Vietcong platoon waiting to ambush American soldiers, for which he was awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor. In various scenes, Caldwell's close friendship and affection for Maclure is demonstrated. Caldwell and Austin both figure out that the killer at the Presidio was trying to break into a storeroom to retrieve a bottle of spring water that was delivered earlier that day. Following that lead to the water company which delivered the water, Austin gets the name of the driver who delivered the water, George Spota . Caldwell recognizes the name as someone who served under Lawrence in Vietnam. Austin confirms that it was Spota's car that hit and killed Lawrence during their footchase. Caldwell learns that the water company Spota works for is owned by Arthur Peale, thus confirming that Spota, Peale, and Lawrence were working together. Austin and Caldwell follow Spota during his daily water deliveries. Spota makes a delivery to an Air Force base. Under surveillance from Austin and Caldwell, Spota picks up a bottle of water that was transported to the Air Force base from the Philippines. Austin and Caldwell follow Spota and the bottle of water back to the water company. Unsure what is in the water bottle that makes it so valuable, Austin and Caldwell see the edges of the conspiracy come together. Spota, Lawrence and Peale all knew each other in Vietnam. It appears that Spota picked up a delivery of water from the Philippines, but accidentally left that water bottle in the storeroom at the Presidio. When he realized his mistake, he went back to retrieve it. But Lynch surprised him breaking into the storeroom, and he shot her. Just as they figure this out, they see Maclure drive up to the water company. With a terrible realization, Caldwell figures out that Peale and Lawrence would have needed someone like Maclure to carry out this smuggling, because Maclure had excellent contacts within the U.S. military in Asia. Inside the water company, Spota and Peale open the water bottle that came from the Philippines, revealing that diamonds were smuggled inside. Maclure comes in and surprises them by holding a gun. Peale reveals that Lawrence was blackmailing Maclure about something Maclure did while in Vietnam. Peale tries to convince Maclure to let the smuggling operation continue. But Maclure is disgusted with himself and heartbroken over the death of Lynch . He says the smuggling must stop, but then is stripped of his gun by Peale's men. Just as Peale is about to kill Maclure, Caldwell and Austin enter the water company to save him. A gun fight ensues, during which Peale and his men are killed, and Maclure is fatally wounded. Caldwell asks Austin to delay his police report by 48 hours to give Caldwell time to bury Maclure with his honor intact. Austin agrees and the final scene is at a military cemetery where Caldwell tearfully eulogizes Maclure. At the end of the film, Caldwell reconciles with Donna and grudgingly admits Austin into the family."] ['Master criminal Giles Conover  steals the famous "Borgia Pearl" from the Royal Regent Museum under the very nose of Holmes and Watson, but when caught the pearl is not found on him and he is released. Later, Holmes hears of an apparently motiveless murder. An elderly Colonel is found with his back broken amid a pile of smashed china. Holmes takes an immediate interest in the case as the unusual method of killing is that of "The Hoxton Creeper" , known to be Conover\'s right hand man. Another murder occurs, of a little old lady, also surrounded by smashed china. Conover makes two attempts to kill Holmes, who surmises that Conover is desperately trying to recover the stolen pearl. After a third killing Holmes finds the common feature of each: a bust of Napoleon. Conover, when being pursued by the police, had fled through the workshop where they were being made, and hid the pearl inside one of six identical busts. Holmes tracks down the vendor of the busts and find out that one is still unaccounted for, as does Conover\'s accomplice Naomi. Conover and The Creeper arrive at the house of the owner of the final bust, only to find that Holmes has taken his place. Overpowered, Holmes convinces The Creeper that Conover will double-cross him, and the Creeper turns on Conover and kills him, after which Holmes kills the Creeper, before the police finally arrive. Holmes smashes the final bust and recovers the pearl "with the blood of five more victims on it".Davies, David Stuart, Holmes of the Movies  ISBN 450 03358 9 Holmes is shown as unusually  impatient with Lestrade\'s inclination to come to the wrong conclusions in this entry, even shouting at him because of his inability to grasp the situation on a couple of occasions. For his part, Lestrade is shown taunting Holmes and obviously enjoying it.'] ["In Unforgettable, Dr. David Krane  is unsuccessfully framed for the murder of his wife. He then attempts to find the true killer, with the help of Dr. Martha Briggs , by using an experimental drug that allows him to experience another person's memories. The drug takes a heavy toll and it's a race to find out the truth before time runs out. In the end it is revealed that Bresler, a policeman, was the one that killed Krane's wife, in order to frame Eddie Dutton, who was the prime suspect in the murder. Bresler goes to jail for a long time, while Krane ends up in a comatose state due to an overdose of the drug. Briggs and Gleick, Bresler's partner, realize the comatose Krane is in is a 'better place' where he can be with his late wife."] ['Holmes and Watson are in Canada attending a conference on the occult, when Lord Penrose receives a message that his wife Lady Penrose has been murdered in the small village of La Mort Rouge.Throughout the film, the actors pronounce correctly the name of the village as "La Mort Rouge" , but in one short moment a map is shown with the name spelled "La Morte Rouge"  which doesn\'t make much sense. The map\'s spelling seems to be a typo. Holmes and Watson are about to return to England when Holmes receives a telegram from Lady Penrose, issued before her death, asking for help as she fears for her life. Holmes decides to investigate her death. Holmes and Watson arrive at the village and discover that the inhabitants are all convinced that the murder is the work of the legendary monster of La Mort Rouge, which roams the marshes around the village. The "monster" is even later seen by Dr. Watson, who describes it as "a ball of fire spitting flames in each direction". Holmes, however, is skeptical, and recognizes Lady Penrose as Lillian Gentry, a former actress, who was involved in a famous murder case several years before when actor Alistair Ramson killed another actor in a jealous rage over her. Ramson was believed to have been killed in a prison escape two years before, but now Holmes believes that Ramson - a master of disguise - is living in the village, having created a new identity, perhaps several, for himself. Holmes then turns his attention to Judge Brisson, another inhabitant of the village with a connection to the case, as he passed sentence on Ramson. Despite Holmes\' warnings Brisson is murdered. Holmes tracks Ramson down to his hideout and discovers there is a third person that Ramson is preparing to kill. However before Holmes can discover who it is, Watson blunders in and Ramsom escapes. Holmes learns that the third victim is to be Journet, the local inn-keeper, formerly a prison guard. However Journet has gone into hiding. Ramson then kills Marie, Journet\'s daughter, for not revealing her father\'s hideout. Holmes finds Journet and convinces him to spring a trap for the murderer. Holmes and Watson announce that they are returning to England, and Journet comes out of hiding and lets it be known that he will be going to a church across the marsh to offer a prayer for Marie. Ramson attacks Journet out in the marsh, only to find that Holmes has taken his place. The two men struggle, but Ramson escapes only to be killed by Journet with his own weapon, a five-pronged garden weeder.David Stuart Davies, Holmes of the Movies  ISBN 450 03358 9'] ["A married couple, Lynn and Doug Kaines , owners of an exotic furniture design company, visit Mexico, with Lynn in her first term of pregnancy. On their nighttime return trip, with her at the wheel, they accidentally run into and kill a Mexican police officer in the middle of the road. They make no report of the accident to avoid the perils of a Mexican jail, but slide the dead cop to the side of the road and return to the US. They have the front end damage to their car repaired clandestinely and appear to have gotten away with the killing. Quite unexpectedly a vagabond named Jake Shell , driving a dumpy old camper truck, shows up at their door hinting that he had witnessed the entire incident. Shell is a ne'er-do-well, parasitic, and pathetic excuse for a human being who blackmails the Kaines, who attempt to appease him. There is a physical confrontation with Shell and the Kaineses, along with perverse sexual innuendo, and a suspenseful attempt by the Kaines to rid themselves of their nemesis without revealing their secret."] ['In 1992, a group of young Anarchists seeking to preserve the local wildlife are brutally murdered. The killer is later found collapsed by a river due to wounds he\'d sustained while attempting to kill the lone surviving anarchist. The movie flashes forward 15 years as successful crime novelist Susan moves into a nearby house with her husband David, who have purchased the house in hopes of it helping her with her writing. Susan is quickly made uneasy as she witnesses the house\'s gamekeeper Peck having enthusiastic sex in the woods and then later exposing himself to her. She also begins to witness strange visions in the house, all surrounding bloody bodies, the killer from earlier in the film, and people who appear one moment and disappear the next. It\'s later revealed that Susan had previously suffered a mental breakdown due to seeing and hearing things that were never there, which was part of the reason for the house\'s purchase. After David leaves for a "business trip" , Susan is drugged and taken advantage of sexually by Peck. The next day Susan confides in the local priest about her past mental illnesses and her fears of her new home. The priest has a psychic examine the house, only for the psychic to declare that there are no presences currently in the house. Immediately after the psychic and the priest are escorted outside by her husband, Susan witnesses a series of brutal murders involving all of the people she had earlier seen in her visions throughout the film. These visions end up destroying what little sanity Susan has left, resulting in her accidentally killing Peck as he was checking up on her. Upon discovering what she has done, Susan is sent to a mental institution to spend the rest of her days. The movie then shows that Susan had been channeling her visions into her latest book, which has become an instant bestseller. David is shown receiving the money from her book and it\'s inferred that he had married Susan only for her money and that Peck\'s actions were done in an attempt to get blackmail material for the divorce. David then goes back to the house one last time to finalize the sale to its new owner, where we are then shown all of the people Susan had witnessed during her stay in the house. He is then gruesomely murdered by the killer Susan had been seeing all along , revealing that her visions had never been due to insanity, rather because she\'d been having visions of the future murders that would happen in the house.'] ['Steven and Diane Freeling live a quiet life in a California planned community called Cuesta Verde, where Steven is a successful realtor and Diane is a housewife who cares for their children Dana, Robbie, and Carol Anne. Carol Anne awakens one night and begins conversing with the family\'s television set, which has started transmitting static following a sign-off. The following night, while the Freelings are sleeping, Carol Anne becomes fixated on the television set as it transmits static again. Suddenly, an apparition emerges from the television screen and vanishes into the wall, creating a violent earthquake within the house in the process, to which Carol Anne announces "They\'re here." Bizarre events begin to occur the following day, such as glasses and utensils that spontaneously break or bend and furniture that moves of its own accord. The phenomena seem benign at first, but quickly begin to intensify. That night, a gnarled backyard tree becomes animated and grabs Robbie through the bedroom window. While Diane and Steven rescue Robbie, Carol Anne is sucked through a portal in her closet. The Freelings realize she has been taken when they hear her voice emanating from a television set. A group of parapsychologists from UC Irvine—Dr. Lesh, Ryan, and Marty—come to the Freeling house to investigate and determine that the Freelings are experiencing a poltergeist intrusion. They discover that the disturbances involve more than just one ghost. Steven also finds out in an exchange with his boss, Lewis Teague, that Cuesta Verde is built where a cemetery was once located. After Dana and Robbie are sent away for their safety, Dr. Lesh and Ryan call in Tangina Barrons, a spiritual medium. Tangina states that the spirits inhabiting the house are lingering in a different "sphere of consciousness" and are not at rest. Attracted to Carol Anne\'s life force, these spirits are distracted from the real "light" that has come for them. Tangina then adds that among these ghosts, there is also a demon known as the "Beast", who has Carol Anne under restraint in an effort to manipulate the other spirits. The assembled group discovers that the entrance to the other dimension is through the children\'s bedroom closet, while the exit is through the living room ceiling. As the group attempts to rescue Carol Anne, Diane passes through the entrance tied by a rope that has been threaded through both portals. Diane manages to retrieve Carol Anne, and they both drop to the floor from the ceiling unconscious. As they recover, Tangina proclaims afterward that the house is now "clean". Shortly thereafter, the Freelings prepare to move elsewhere. During their last night in the house, Steven attends a meeting with Teague and Dana goes on a date, leaving Diane, Robbie, and Carol Anne alone in the house. The "Beast" then ambushes Diane and the children, attempting a second kidnapping. Diane and the children escape the house to discover coffins and rotting corpses erupting out from the ground throughout the neighborhood. As Steven and Dana return home to the mayhem, Steven realizes that rather than relocating the cemetery for the development of Cuesta Verde, Teague merely had the headstones moved and the bodies left behind, desecrating the burial grounds. The Freelings flee Cuesta Verde while the house itself implodes into another dimension, to the astonishment of onlookers. The family checks into a hotel for the night, and Steven shoves the room\'s television outside onto the balcony.'] ["Usually a law officer is a figure of trust in a small community. Unfortunately for the residents of a small Montana town, Lou Ford is an exception. Behind his easygoing, likeable shell is an intensely violent core resulting from an abusive childhood. In a diner one day Lou sees his dead father and hears voices, the first hint that he may have mental problems. When Lou gets involved with a local prostitute's blackmail schemes, the carefully crafted facade he maintains begins to unravel into a vicious killing spree that leads to a thought-provoking and disturbing conclusion."] ["Lyn Lesley , the bar singer at New York's McKinley Hotel, wonders if airline pilot Jed Towers  will show up. She had ended their six-month relationship with a letter. When Jed does register at the hotel, she explains that she sees no future with him because he lacks an understanding heart. Meanwhile, elevator operator Eddie  introduces his shy niece, Nell Forbes , to guests Peter  and Ruth Jones  as a babysitter for their daughter Bunny . The Joneses go down a function in the hotel's banquet hall. After the child is put to bed, Nell tries on Ruth's lacy negligee, jewelry, perfume and lipstick. Seeing Nell from his room directly opposite, Jed calls her on the telephone, but she is not interested. When Eddie checks up on Nell, he is appalled to find her wearing Ruth's property and orders her to take them off. Eddie tells her she can obtain such luxuries for herself by finding another boyfriend to replace the one who was killed. After Eddie leaves, Nell invites Jed over.  Nell lies to keep Jed believing that she herself is a guest. She is startled when Jed reveals that he is a pilot. She confides that her boyfriend Philip died while flying an airplane to Hawaii. Bunny comes out and unmasks Nell's charade. Furious, Nell shakes the child and orders her back to bed. Jed comforts the crying Bunny and lets her stay up. When Bunny looks out the open window, however, it appears that Nell is considering pushing her out. Though Jed snatches the girl away, the incident is witnessed by long-term hotel resident Emma Ballew . Nell escorts the child to bed, then accuses Bunny of spying on her and implies that something might happen to her favorite toy if she makes any more trouble. Jed has decided to seek Lyn's forgiveness, but Nell begs him not to leave. As he is fending off a kiss from her, Jed sees scars on her wrists. Nell confesses that after Philip died, she tried to kill herself with a razor. When Eddie checks up on Nell after his shift is over, Nell makes Jed hide in the bathroom. Eddie is irate that Nell is still wearing Ruth's things. He orders her to change clothes, then harshly rubs off her lipstick. This enrages Nell, who accuses Eddie of being just like her repressive parents. Then, when he suspects there is someone in the bathroom, she hits him over the head with a heavy object. While Jed tends to Eddie, Nell goes into Bunny's room. A suspicious Emma Ballew , knocks on the door. Fearing for his job, Eddie persuades Jed to hide behind the door, while he slips into the closet. Jed sneaks into Bunny's room. In the dark, he does not notice that the child is now bound and gagged. When the Ballews see him exit from the door of the adjoining room, they assume that Jed had forced his way in and was holding Nell captive. They alert the hotel detective. Nell, who is now so deluded that she believes Jed is Philip, locks Eddie in the closet and goes into Bunny's room. In the bar, Jed tells Lyn about Nell. Lyn is surprised by his concern. Suddenly realizing that Bunny was on the wrong bed, Jed rushes back up. Ruth Jones arrives first and screams when she enters Bunny's room. The two women grapple. Jed pulls Nell away, but she slips away in the confusion when the hotel detective arrives. Eddie admits that Nell had spent the previous three years in a mental institution following her suicide attempt. In the lobby, Nell steals some razor blades. When she is surrounded, she considers using one. Lyn tries to calm her down. Then Jed persuades her to give him the blade. Nell is taken away by the police. Seeing that Jed does have empathy after all, Lyn reconciles with him."] ['Dr. Lauren Slaughter is an American woman of considerable intellect, an expert on China who now lives in London, working for a "think tank". Unhappy with superiors who take credit for her work and dissatisfied with her low wages, Dr. Slaughter moonlights in her flat on Half Moon Street as a paid escort to lonely men. One such, identifying himself by a fake name, turns out to be Lord Bulbeck, a trusted House of Lords member with a key role in national defense. The two strike up a relationship that goes beyond their lovemaking, enjoying each other\'s conversation and intelligence. But during a delicate peace negotiation in the Middle East, investigators doing a background check on Lord Bulbeck come upon his relationship with the high-priced call girl, someone they suspect might have an ulterior motive.'] ['{{plot}} A group of old high-school friends, Amy , James , Zach , Lauren , Dan , and his new girlfriend Michelle  go for a weekend cruise on a yacht. Amy and James also bring their baby, Sarah. Dan has arranged the weekend getaway aboard a yacht he pretends to own, but the vessel actually belongs to Dan\'s boss. James, Zach, Lauren, and Michelle jump into the water for a swim. Dan grabs Amy, who is terrified of the water and has been teased about wearing a life vest during the entire cruise, and jumps over the side with her, partly as a prank and partly to force her to go in, in spite of her aquaphobia. However, nobody thought to lower the ladder to re-board the ship, so they find themselves trapped in the water with only two masks, a dive knife, and a toy dolphin float. Unable to climb the high, smooth sides of the boat, or lunge high enough to grab the railing even with support, they tread water for a while, except that Dan\'s girlfriend, Michelle, has the float and Amy is wearing a life vest. Dan takes the dolphin float and attempts to climb onto it, in order to have something to support him as he attempts to lunge high enough. After a couple of attempts, he pops the plastic float, rendering it useless. Now Michelle also has to tread water, and is getting cold and panicky as well. They hear a phone ringing and swim around the boat to see a jacket containing the phone hanging from a railing, with a sleeve dangling in the breeze. One of them is just able to lunge high enough to tug the sleeve and dislodge the jacket. Everyone grabs for the jacket, turning it this way and that, trying to keep the pocket with the phone out of the water. Zach finally gets the phone out of the pocket and answers the call. They all hear a happy birthday song being sung by some well-wishers, but are unable to get the caller\'s attention. The call ends and Zach is unable make an outgoing call. So, in a fit of frustration, assuming that the phone is defective, he throws it angrily into the water. The others are aghast. The group resorts to stripping and using their bathing suits and clothes to make a rope. A speed-boat races by with another group of teenagers on board. They try to attract their attention but the people on the boat think they are only greeting them, and disappear over the horizon. After a couple of attempts they manage to get one end of the rope wrapped around a railing. Instead of having the lightest person climb up, Dan attempts to climb up. He pulls himself up slowly and carefully, and his fingers brush the gunwale but the makeshift rope rips apart because no-one tried to boost him up, leaving a couple of pieces still wrapped around the railing. Now they are mostly naked and have only a partial rope. Meanwhile, James goes underwater, and is fooling around with the prop, perhaps thinking to remove it and use it as a grappling hook, but he drops the knife. He desperately swims down after it and manages to catch it, but now, deep down, his lungs are aching for air and he desperately swims for the surface. As he swims back up in a panic, he smacks his head under the boat, and sinks unconscious into the water. He resurfaces slightly bloodied and with an apparent skull fracture. Zach then tries to use the knife to stab a hole in the hull to make a handhold to help them climb up or to force the ladder down, but Dan, afraid to see an expensive boat he doesn\'t actually own incur damage, reacts without thinking and attempts to stop Zach. During the struggle, Zach is accidentally stabbed in the abdomen. Zach pulls out the knife from his side and drops it. The wound causes a lot of blood in the water. Lauren holds onto Zach for a while trying to comfort him, the remaining clothing is used to stop him bleeding. Suddenly, in a fit of hysteria and fearing to incur attack of sharks attracted by the blood, Michelle begins to swim away, and goes under. Dan swims after her, and sees her lifeless body drifting underwater. He dives after her, but she sinks faster than he can swim down, and her body disappears into the depths. After some time, at the end of his forces, Zach tells Lauren that he never told her that she looked really good one time on the beach. She holds him and begins crying and tells him that he will be able to tell her and see her when they get back to shore. He eventually dies as he did not leave the knife in to plug the wound, and she reluctantly lets go of his body which floats, face down. As the day progresses, Lauren says she refuses to die treading water and attempts to swim back to shore to find help. She is never seen again. Later that night, as it rains, James dies from his cranial injury. Dan unsuccessfully searches underwater for the knife . He slams his mask on the hull in frustration and the lens pops out. Remembering the attempt with the knife, Dan uses it to wedge in the crevice of the side door for the ladder, giving him a handhold. Amy climbs over his shoulders, finally stepping onto his hand wrapped around the lens, and manages to grab the gunwale and pull herself back on board. Once on board, she lowers the ladder for Dan and tends to her baby, Sarah. Instead of going up the ladder, Dan, racked by guilt, decides to swim off and let himself drown. Earlier, he had been screaming "it should have been me". Amy later sees him drowning slowly, throws in a life ring and then jumps in to save him, all the while vividly recalling her childhood inability to save her father from drowning. The scene ends inconclusively with a shot of Amy\'s father lying dead on the seabed, followed by a whiteout. The penultimate scene takes place at an unspecified time, on a clear calm day. A fishing boat approaches the yacht, seeing the lowered ladder and life ring still floating in the water&nbsp;– no one had pulled them in. The yacht appears empty except for the sound of baby Sarah crying on the lower deck. In the final scene, on the upper deck, in slow motion, a quiet Amy stands looking around; she looks at Dan, who is lying face down on the deck. While the ending caused some confusion among viewers, the film\'s director has indicated that five out of the six adults die, and Lauren just drifted to an unknown island. The German version of the movie shows Dan lying motionless, face down on the deck, such that it is unclear if he is alive. Captions at the end tell viewers that Dan, Amy, and the baby survived, but that Dan and Amy never see each other again.'] ['A high school guidance counselor, Sam Lombardo, is accused of rape by two female students, Kelly Van Ryan and Suzie Toller, and hires lawyer Kenneth Bowden to defend him. At trial, Suzie admits that she and Kelly had made the whole thing up to get revenge on Lombardo: Suzie for him leaving her in jail and Kelly for him having an affair with her wealthy socialite mother, Sandra. Kelly\'s mother is humiliated by the scandal, and Lombardo and Bowden negotiate a hefty settlement for defamation. It is revealed that Lombardo and the two girls had been working and sleeping together, and planned to split the money. Police detective Ray Duquette tells both Kelly and Suzie that Lombardo transferred the money to an off-shore account. Suzie starts to panic and goes to Kelly for help; Kelly assures Suzie that they can trust each other, but separately tells Lombardo over the phone that they may have to get rid of her. Suzie overhears this and attacks Kelly in the pool. Both girls fight, but eventually end up having sex in the pool, all witnessed by Duquette. A few nights later, Kelly and Lombardo take an intoxicated Suzie to the beach. Lombardo is seen raising a bottle, and then Suzie is heard screaming. After wrapping the body in plastic, they throw it in the trunk of the car and drive out to the swamp, where Lombardo disposes of it. Suzie is reported missing by her family the next day and Duquette and his partner, Gloria, are called in. Suzie\'s blood and teeth are later found on the beach and her car is found at the bus terminal. After seeing his continued investigation, his superior insists that he drop the case. Regardless, he goes to Kelly\'s house to confront her. When he arrives, Kelly tries to seduce him and then she appears to attack him, shooting him in the arm, leaving him no choice but to kill her in self-defense. No charges are filed against Duquette, but he is fired and loses his pension. Later, it is revealed that Lombardo and Duquette had been working together the entire time. Although Lombardo is not pleased that Duquette killed Kelly instead of framing her as originally planned, Duquette insists that it leaves fewer loose ends. The two agree to go fishing on Lombardo\'s sailboat the following day. Once they are at sea, Lombardo knocks Duquette overboard, but he is able to climb back aboard and attack Lombardo. However, he is shot in the leg with a spear by Suzie, who is still alive. She shoots and kills Duquette as revenge for killing her friend, Davie, years before. Suzie then poisons Lombardo with a drink she poured for him and knocks him overboard, leaving him to drown. It is then revealed that Suzie had planned the whole thing in order to get all the money and revenge on both Lombardo and Duquette: Lombardo for leaving her in jail and Duquette for killing her friend Davie. Suzie had discovered that Lombardo and Kelly were sleeping together, and used it to her advantage. As for Kelly\'s death, she had not attacked Duquette as he had claimed. In reality, when she tried to escape the guest house when he entered, he punched her to incapacitate her then broke into the gun case and shot her twice with his gun. He then used her hand to shoot himself in the shoulder with her gun. Bowden meets with Suzie and tells her how the money had been divided. She kisses him on the cheek and as she walks off, Bowden tells her to "be good."'] ["Jimmy Starks  is a smooth-talking salesman certain he’s on the verge of a big break, but when his car stalls in the middle of nowhere, a soothsayer named Vacaro  turns his world upside down. Slick salesman Jimmy Starks  has auto problems in a small New Mexico town and while his car is in the shop he visits low-rent fortune teller Vacaro  to pass the time. The supposed seer tells him he will have good fortune soon, but looking deeper relates the information that his future is blank, and he is safe only until the first snow of winter beyond which there is no future to foretell. The act upsets Jimmy and rekindles old transgressions and makes him feel he is on a collision course with destiny especially when an old friend Vincent  returns from a jail sentence that he went to in Jimmy's place after a bad business deal. Jimmy becomes obsessed with knowing more of his future and re-visits Vacaro but the old man can only tell the salesman that he has related to him all he can see. Jimmy feels that Vincent has returned to kill him and that he must do something to change the course of his future but Vacaro convinces him to accept his fate."] ['Scientist Sebastian Caine  has developed a serum that can make a subject invisible, but has had difficulty reversing the process. Working late one night on re-configuring the molecular model of the irradiated protein that will restore a test gorilla to visibility, he solves the problem and immediately reports his success to the top members of his staff. Although work on the serum occupies nearly all of his waking hours, Sebastian becomes obsessed with his ex-girlfriend Dr. Linda McKay , who is a scientist on his team. Unbeknownst to him, she has become involved with Dr. Matt Kensington , another member of their research group. Sebastian and his colleagues – veterinarians Sarah Kennedy  and Carter Abbey , and technicians Frank Chase  and Janice Walton  – eventually enable the serum to work on the gorilla. In celebration, the team goes out for a fancy dinner, where Sebastian makes a toast to the finest research group in the world. To Sebastian, however, it feels like the end, as reversion was the last big breakthrough. Instead of reporting his success to the military, Sebastian inexplicably lies to the oversight committee, including his mentor Dr. Howard Kramer , and talks Linda and Matt into lying to the other four and going right into human testing, the subject being Sebastian himself. Despite a painful shift to transparency, the procedure is successful. He conducts some clinical tests on himself, and molests Sarah in her sleep. Three days later, the reversion fails and almost kills him. The researchers construct a latex mask for Sebastian to wear around the lab, crudely approximating a human appearance. Matt discovers a promising way to make Sebastian visible again. A computer simulation, however, fails. Isolation and virtual imprisonment in the lab begin to wear on Sebastian\'s patience, leading to increasingly aggressive and hostile behavior. Disobeying Carter and his own rules, he heads back to his apartment for things to take back to the lab. There, his aggression and hostility get the best of him; he spies on his neighbor  and rapes her while fully invisible. Linda goes to the apartment and finds the discarded mask and clothes. Sebastian returns to the lab just as the others are planning to go after him. Linda warns him that if he leaves again, she and Matt will tell Dr. Kramer what they did. Sebastian has a dream of Linda being raped by an invisible man. Ignoring their threat, he assembles a device that runs a video loop of his heat signature in his quarters; the repeating image fools Frank into believing that Sebastian is still in the lab, when, in fact, he is out spying on Linda and Matt, becoming enraged when he sees them having sex. Seeing Matt and Linda together, Sebastian smashes their bedroom window. The two call Frank, who tells them that Sebastian is still in bed. Meanwhile, an enraged Sebastian returns to the lab. Unable to stand the barking of an invisible dog, Sebastian kills it by brutally smashing it against the cage wall. The team soon discover that they have been watching a recording and that Sebastian has been getting out without their knowledge. Linda and Matt go to Dr. Kramer\'s house and confess their experiments. The disappointed Kramer fires them. After they leave, Kramer attempts to warn the military, but Sebastian, who followed Linda and Matt to the house, drowns him in his own swimming pool. The next day, Sebastian waits until all of the team is in the lab and then disables the phones and all of the elevator codes except for his own. He removes his clothing and latex mask and, invisible, begins to hunt them all down. Janice falls behind while the team searches for Sebastian and he strangles her with an IV line. Linda, Matt, Sarah, Carter, and Frank learn what Sebastian is up to, realizing that they are the only ones who know what he has become, and therefore he is planning to kill them all. Linda, Sarah, and Frank hide in the lab while Matt and Carter take tranquilizer guns to hunt for Sebastian using thermographic imaging goggles. Matt shoots at a heat signature that turns out to be from a steam vent. When Matt turns around, Carter has been yanked into the air by Sebastian, who is on top of a pipe. Matt tries to shoot him, but Sebastian throws Carter down toward a steel bar, which hits his carotid artery, causing massive blood loss. Sebastian almost kills Matt, but Linda drags him to safety. Sarah and Frank find the barely conscious and severely injured Carter. Despite Frank\'s warnings, Sarah runs to the freezer to get blood for a transfusion, and is killed by Sebastian. After Carter has bled to death, Linda, Matt, and Frank go after Sarah, finding her dead in the walk-in freezer. Frank sprays a fire extinguisher to expose Sebastian, but Sebastian comes from behind and impales Frank with a crowbar. He then stabs Matt with the hook end, locks Linda and Matt in the freezer, and leaves them to freeze to death. Sebastian puts on his latex mask and clothing, spending time to ensure he looks near-human. Meanwhile, Linda covers up Matt\'s wound with duct tape. She constructs an electromagnet using a defibrillator and other lab equipment, and uses it to open the freezer door. She lights a fire to warm Matt and gathers the parts needed for a flamethrower. Sebastian goes to the lab and creates nitroglycerin to blow everything up. He puts the nitroglycerin in a centrifuge, starts a timer and destroys the keyboard, so it can\'t be stopped. Just as he is entering the elevator to leave, Linda appears and fires a crude blowtorch at him. His latex and clothes burning away, Sebastian barely manages to escape the flames. Linda uses the flamethrower to start the ceiling sprinklers, partially revealing him. The two fight; just as she is about to lose, Matt appears and hits Sebastian with the crowbar. Sebastian recovers and approaches Matt and Linda from behind with the crowbar. Just as he swings it down on them, Matt turns and deflects the blow, throwing a wet Sebastian into a nearby circuit box, and he is electrocuted. As the electricity courses through his body, Sebastian is rendered partially visible: his muscles, bones, and organs can be seen, but his skin and what\'s left of his hair remain invisible. Linda and Matt find the nitroglycerin about to explode, and decide to abandon the lab, climbing up the elevator shaft. The lab explodes filling the shaft with fire. The two are almost out when Sebastian appears. He fights with Linda, and kisses her "for old time\'s sake" before she grabs the elevator cable and knocks the car loose, sending Sebastian into the inferno below. Linda and Matt emerge from the burning laboratory, and medics take them away in an ambulance.'] ['Millionaire industrialist Walter Williams has a young wife, Irene, who is trying to kill him with the help of her young lover, Jim Torrance. The plan falls apart when Williams survives a hit on the head from the would-be killer. Torrance flees the scene in Williams\' car but dies in a head-on collision. At this point, it is believed that Williams was the driver. The dazed Williams ends up in a small town in Idaho. He gets a job as a service station mechanic and falls in love with Marsha, the station\'s owner. Meanwhile, the police arrest Williams\' wife for his "murder." Marsha eventually persuades Walter to go back to clear his wife, but he is charged with the murder of the lover. That leaves Marsha and a kindly police detective named Quincy scrambling to prove his innocence.'] ['A police officer is shot down on Christmas Eve when he stumbles upon a robbery-homicide at a convenience store. A down-on-his-luck L.A. County Sheriff\'s Dept. homicide detective, Jerry Beck , is assigned to the case. As with every case, he takes this one very emotionally, because "the job" is the last thing left in his life, and vows to get the perpetrator no matter what. The slain officer\'s widow further complicates the issue when she entices Beck into a one-night stand, in the hope that Beck will not only find but kill her husband\'s murderer. During the investigation Beck learns that the murder of a policeman was just the tip of the iceberg, as he finds the roots of the suspect are in a White Supremacist, Neo-Nazi group. Of interest to trivia buffs-- "Jerome Beck" is listed in the film\'s closing credits as walk-on character Detective John, and also as the film\'s technical police advisor.'] ["Melanie Daniels , a young socialite, meets Mitch Brenner  in a San Francisco bird shop. Brenner wants to purchase a pair of lovebirds for his sister's eleventh birthday, but the shop has none. He pretends to mistake Daniels for a salesperson, which infuriates her; she requests an explanation. He says they met previously, but she doesn't remember him. Intrigued, she tracks down his address in Bodega Bay, California and purchases a pair of lovebirds herself. After driving several hours, she sneaks across the bay in a motor boat and secretly deposits the birds inside Mitch's house with a note. He spots her on the water during her escape, and he intercepts her as she is attacked and injured by a seagull. Mitch requests she stay for dinner, and Melanie reluctantly agrees. Melanie develops a relationship with Mitch, meets his clinging mother Lydia  and his younger sister Cathy , and befriends Mitch's ex-lover Annie Hayworth . When Melanie stays for the night at Annie's house, a gull kills itself by diving into the front door. At Cathy's birthday party the next day, the children are set upon by seagulls. The following evening, sparrows invade the Brenner home. Lydia discovers a neighbor who has been killed by birds that invaded his house, and she flees the scene in terror. After being comforted by Melanie and Mitch, Lydia becomes concerned about Cathy's safety at school. Melanie goes to the school and waits for class to end, initially unaware that a huge number of crows are massing nearby. Horrified when she sees the playground engulfed by them, she warns Annie and they evacuate the children. The birds attack, injuring several children. Melanie meets Mitch at a local restaurant. Several patrons describe their own encounters with strange bird behaviour. A drunk believes the attacks are a sign of the Apocalypse, and a traveling salesman condemns all birds and suggests that they be destroyed. An amateur ornithologist insists that different species do not flock together, therefore the reports of the attacks must be in error. Melanie rebuts this argument. A young mother becomes increasingly distressed by the conversation and shames them all for frightening her children. Outside the restaurant, a motorist is attacked while filling his car with gasoline; he is knocked unconscious and the gasoline continues to pump out onto the street. The salesman, having left the restaurant, is unaware he is standing in a puddle of the gasoline. He misunderstands the hysterical warnings of the restaurant patrons, lights a cigar and drops the lit match. The gasoline ignites, killing him. The birds attack in greater numbers as people pour from the diner to survey the damage, and Melanie is forced to take refuge in a phone booth. Mitch rescues her and they return to the restaurant, where the hysterical mother accuses Melanie of being the cause of the attacks. Melanie and Mitch return to Annie's house and find that Annie has been killed by birds while pushing Cathy indoors to safety. Melanie and the Brenners barricade themselves inside the Brenner home. The house is attacked in waves by the birds, and several times they nearly break in through the sealed doors and windows. During a nighttime lull between attacks, Melanie hears noises from the upper floor. Not wanting to disturb the others' sleep, Melanie enters Cathy's abandoned bedroom and finds that the birds have broken through the roof. They violently attack her, trapping her in the room until Mitch comes to her rescue. She is badly injured and nearly catatonic, and Mitch insists they must get her to a hospital. A sea of birds ripple menacingly around the Brenner farm as Mitch prepares Melanie's car for their escape. The radio reports the spread of bird attacks to nearby communities, and suggests that the National Guard may be required because civil authorities are unable to combat the inexplicable attacks. The film concludes ambiguously, as the car carrying Melanie and the Brenners slowly makes its way through a landscape inundated by thousands of birds of different species perched together."] ['An unemployed cameraman, Ron Kobeleski , is asked by his reclusive neighbor, a retired Marine named Walter Ohlinger  who has been diagnosed with terminal cancer, to document a startling confession: that he, not Lee Harvey Oswald, killed President John F. Kennedy in Dallas, Texas on November 22, 1963. A stunned Kobeleski learns that the conspiracy theory that says there was a second gunman on the grassy knoll is true &mdash; because he was that second gunman. To prove it, he shows Kobeleski a spent casing from the rifle he used. A skeptical Kobeleski demands proof, and follows Ohlinger as he attempts to prove his claims. He speaks to people who would seem to support Ohlinger\'s claims, but others, most notably his ex-wife, point to Ohlinger being a fraud and a lunatic. The film ends with Walter Ohlinger attempting to assassinate the present-day president and Kobeleski shooting Ohlinger in self-defense at his own home. Ron Kobeleski is arrested and charged as an accomplice. In a short interview with a reporter, he states that "telling his side of the story won\'t help him at all." The closing credits state that Kobeleski died in prison. For the most part, Interview with the Assassin is filmed from the perspective of Ron Kobeleski, as if he had shot it with his own camera. On a few occasions, the viewer actually sees Dylan Haggerty, the actor portraying him.'] ["The film revolves around Davey Gordon , a 29-year-old welterweight New York boxer in the end of his career, and his relationship with his neighbor, taxi dancer Gloria Price , and her violent employer Vincent Rapallo . The drama begins with Davey in his apartment room, mentally preparing for a big fight against Kid Rodriguez. On the other side of the building, across the courtyard, he gazes upon Gloria, an attractive taxi dancer, getting ready for work. As they both walk out of the building, they run into each other, they notice each other but say nothing. Gloria is picked up by her boss Vincent. As Davey is losing his fight, Gloria is dealing with her boss in his office as he tries to kiss her repeatedly. That evening Davey is awakened by screams coming from Gloria's apartment. As he looks across the courtyard, he sees that Gloria is being attacked by Vincent. He runs to her room, but Vincent has made his getaway. Davey comforts Gloria and she goes to sleep comfortable that Davey is in the room to protect her. However, Vincent is not deterred, and proceeds to interfere in their lives. When they decide to leave town, Davey and Gloria arrange to get money they are each owed. Gloria tries to get money from Vincent at the dance hall, and Davey asks his manager to meet him there as well. When a street performer steals Davey's scarf, he chases after him. Davey's manager arrives but does not see Davey. Vincent sends two goons out to rough Davey up, but they mistake the manager for Davey and kill him in the alley. Vincent kidnaps Gloria and has his two goons hold her hostage. Davey returns to Gloria's apartment and sees the police across the courtyard in his apartment. They assume he killed his manager. Davey leaves to rescue Gloria, but he is captured and restrained as well, leading to a chase and confrontation in an abandoned warehouse full of mannequins. During the struggle, Davey kills Vincent and rescues Gloria. He and Gloria are cleared of all charges by the police, and Davey buys a train ticket back to the West Coast. At the train station, Davey assumes she will not join him, but at the last minute, Gloria rushes in, and they kiss."] ['Lieutenant Danny Roman  is a top police hostage negotiator. He has a deserved reputation for being the best, although he is not without his detractors, such as Commander Adam Beck ([[David Morse , head of a Hostage Barricade Terrorism  unit who thinks Roman takes too many chances. Roman is middle-aged and recently married. While celebrating his most recent success, he is approached by his colleague Nathan \'Nate\' Roenick  who warns him that large sums of money are being embezzled from the Chicago Police Department\'s disability fund, whose board Roman is on. Roenick has an informant, with whom he was at the Police Academy and with whom he served for a while, but Roenick refuses to name him. Roman suggests he go to Internal Affairs, but Nate thinks that Inspector Niebaum might be involved as well. Later that evening, Roman is summoned via his pager for another meeting with Roenick but instead finds him dead from gunshot wounds, seconds before patrol officers arrive. The case goes badly for Roman when it is assigned to Niebaum  of the Internal Affairs Division , who Roenick claimed was involved in the embezzlement. Furthermore, the gun used to kill Roenick was one of three involved in a case Roman handled in the past: two were recovered but not the third. A search warrant uncovered documents in Roman\'s house that indicate the embezzled funds had been deposited in an offshore account, of which Roman denies any knowledge. Facing serious charges, suspended from the force and rejected by his friends and colleagues, including Roenick\'s widow, a frustrated Roman storms into Niebaum\'s office and, in the ensuing chaos, takes Niebaum and several others hostage, including Niebaum\'s administrative assistant Maggie , police commander Grant Frost , and two-bit con man Rudy Timmons . With the building evacuated and placed under siege by police and Federal Bureau of Investigation , Roman issues his conditions, which include finding Roenick\'s informant and summoning police Lieutenant Chris Sabian , another top negotiator. Sabian, who has been trying rather unsuccessfully to negotiate peace between his sulking wife  and cheeky daughter , arrives on the scene. Roman and Sabian have only met once, briefly and know each other through reputation, but Roman wants Sabian because he is from another side of the city, unconnected to the pension fund matter, and should be one of the few people Roman can trust. Sabian soon finds himself in a cat and mouse duel with Roman and a dispute over authority between him, the local cops, and the feds, who disagree over jurisdiction and tactics. Roman of course knows every trick in the book, and the besiegers are hard pressed to find out what is going on in the room with the hostages, since he blocks the entrances to the ventilation units and destroys the security cameras and other surveillance devices. To make things more complicated, Roman is convinced that "they"  are out to kill him and it is hard for others  to discern whether Roman\'s belief is based on well-founded suspicions or groundless paranoia. While Sabian tries to come up with a solution, Roman, with the help of Timmons and Maggie, gets into Niebaum\'s computer and discovers recordings of wiretaps, including his last conversation with Roenick. He discovers that Roenick himself was the actual informant and had passed his evidence on to the IAD. Niebaum admits that he investigated the embezzlement, but then took bribes from the fraudsters. Niebaum implicates many of Roman\'s squadmates in the conspiracy, but does not know who the ringleader is. Before he can reveal where he has hidden the evidence, Roman\'s squad-mates  prematurely attack and kill Niebaum. When it becomes apparent that Sabian and the police have lost control of the situation, the FBI relieve Sabian and order a full-on assault. Sabian runs into the building to try to save Roman and the hostages. Roman and Sabian argue over who fired first and struggle over a weapon, only to have Roman show Sabian that the HBT team member, Scott, was not really shot - another bluff to make everyone believe Roman could kill all the hostages. Sabian has come to believe Roman has a case and gives him a chance to prove his innocence. Prior to the impending FBI SWAT attack, he and Roman devise a plan. Roman is able to sneak out of the building during the assault by wearing a confiscated HBT uniform. They proceed to Niebaum\'s house, where they try to find the evidence, but are then attacked by Frost, one of the former hostages, and three other members of Roman\'s old squad who reveal themselves as the fraudsters and Roenick\'s killers. In the course of the confrontation, Sabian suddenly shoots Roman and tells Frost that he just killed Roman, a cop, so he  is now a dirty cop and then offers to destroy the evidence in return for a piece of the pie. Frost agrees and effectively makes a full admission to his crimes, but when he leaves the house, he finds the whole area surrounded by police who have overheard his confession via Sabian\'s radio that Roman had. Sabian had bluffed that he had killed Roman while Roman had actually broadcasted Sabian\'s and Frost\'s conversation. Humiliated, Frost attempts to shoot himself, but Beck quickly shoots his arm and the police seize him. Roman is now cleared and Sabian gives Roman his badge back and they part company with a new-found respect for each other.'] ["A burglar, Scott Muller , teams up with Buddy Calamara , a valet in a high society restaurant. While Buddy keeps an eye on a rich couple, Scott robs the couple's home. One night, one of the items he takes is the wife's ([[Barbara Williams  diary. Scott begins to read the diary and discovers that the wife, Mickey, an interior designer, yearns for a more interesting life. He quickly becomes infatuated with her. The diary is full of her fantasies and dreams, and soon Scott plans to turn these into reality. While Mickey's husband, children's book author Ray Davis , gets too involved in his work and neglects his wife's needs, Scott uses his inside knowledge to seduce her, using the pretext of needing someone to redesign his apartment, and posing as a school supply company CEO. The forbidden romance soon blossoms into a passionate sexual relationship. Ray becomes suspicious of Scott's relationship with Mickey and turns angry when confronted by Mickey herself with the reason for the downfall of the couple's relationship. One night, during one robbery, Buddy kills a policeman who spotted them. After this, Scott becomes more and more tense when Mickey starts asking questions about him and his past. Meanwhile, Ray decides to follow Scott with his friend and publisher Marty Morrison  and starts snooping around the building used by the robbers, and finds out Scott is the thief that stole his belongings. Buddy sees Ray and goes to Scott's apartment to confront him with the news. Scott, visibly agitated, goes to see Mickey, asking her to leave the city with him, revealing to her he was the one who stole her diary. Her husband goes to warn her and starts to fight with Scott. Mickey comes to her husband's help and Scott then leaves. One night following the events, while the Davises go to a restaurant, Scott breaks in their house and reads Mickey's latest diary. He crosses Buddy, who came to rob them. Scott tries to stop him. They fight and one of them gets stabbed with Buddy's knife. The married couple come home to find the last standing intruder still in the house. Mickey gets out her pistol and aims at the masked man. A gunshot is heard and the man stumbles down. The police arrives and it is revealed that the man shot was Buddy. Mickey goes to their room and finds out that Scott is there, alive but wounded. It is revealed that he was the one who shot Buddy. He then escapes the police through the window as Mickey watches him running in the dark."] ['Maddalena Anna Paradine  is a very beautiful and enigmatic young foreign woman living in London who is accused of poisoning her older, blind husband, a retired military man. It is not clear at first whether perhaps she is a grateful and devoted wife who has been falsely accused, or whether she is in fact a calculating and ruthless femme fatale. Mrs. Paradine hires Anthony Keane , a brilliant and successful barrister, to defend her in court. Although Keane has been happily married for 11 years, he instantly becomes deeply infatuated with this exotic, mysterious, and fascinating client. Keane\'s kind-hearted wife Gay  sees his infatuation, and although her husband offers to get off the case, she presses him to continue. She knows that a guilty verdict, followed by Paradine\'s hanging, will mean that she will lose her husband emotionally forever. The only way that she can regain her husband\'s love and devotion is if he is able to obtain a "not guilty" verdict for Mrs. Paradine. Meanwhile Keane himself starts to focus his legal efforts on Colonel Paradine\'s mysterious servant, Andre Latour . Consciously or unconsciously, Keane sees Latour as a suitable scapegoat on whom he can pin the crime of murder, but this strategy backfires. After Keane has pressured Latour in court, hoping to trigger an angry outburst, word comes that Latour has killed himself. Anna Paradine is coldly furious that Keane has destroyed Latour, who was in fact her lover. On the witness stand she tells Keane she hates him, and that he has killed the only person she loved. She goes so far as to say that she murdered her husband in order to be with Latour. Keane is overwhelmed, physically, intellectually and emotionally. Attempting to sum up, he improvises a brief and faltering speech, admitting how poorly he has handled the case, but cannot continue speaking and has to leave the court. He goes home to his wife feeling that his career is in ruins, but she gives him hope for the future.'] ["Lori is an unhappy 15/16-year-old girl who lives with her single mother. She receives sexual attention from men, including her boss at a retail store and her mothers' boyfriend Gary. Eric Komenko  is an 18-year-old boy who has killed his parents. Incarcerated, Komenko frequently gets visits from Lt. Cristofuoro , the detective who arrested him. Cristofuoro is convinced Komenko is a psychopath, that he killed two teenage girls previously, and that he will kill again. After Eric is released from the juvenile detention facility, he lives with his aunt. His release attracts some media attention, which leads Lori to seek out Eric at his home. Lori gets in the back of Eric's car to seek shelter from rain, and she falls asleep. When Eric leaves for the weekend to meet another girl at an amusement park, Lori pops up from under a blanket while Eric is driving. The scare and near accident which follows cause a bit of a situation with the police. Reluctantly, Eric allows Lori to continue the journey with him. She tells him she saw him kiss a girl down by a river shortly before he murdered his parents. Eric realizes she saw him with the girl he choked to death in his first, unsolved murder, and attempts to kill Lori several times. Each time he is thwarted, either by Lori or by other circumstances. At the amusement park, it is revealed that Maria, the girl Eric was to meet, was bait by Cristofuoro in a plot to find Eric in order to trap him before he repeats his past mistakes. Lori warns him of the trap before he harms Maria. Because Cristofuoro cannot charge Eric with a crime, Eric is released and Lori is warned of Eric's nature. When Eric and Lori make a boat trip, Lori commits suicide by allowing herself to fall into the water although she is unable to swim. Eric tries to save her, but to no avail. Eric is then seen in the custody of a penitentiary in Cristofuoro's presence. Although the detective admits to believing Eric's explanation, Cristofuoro explains that Eric belongs in prison and expects Lori's death will provide enough reason to keep Eric imprisoned. In the end, it is revealed that Lori saw Eric put the dead girl in the river."] ['A famous detective is invited to a swanky party at an elegant mansion, but before the night is over he finds himself involved with gangsters, blackmail and murder.'] ['Sandra Carpenter  is an American who came to London to perform in a show but now is working as a taxi dancer. She is upset to find out that a friend, a dancer named Lucy Barnard , is missing and believed to be the latest victim of the notorious "Poet Killer," who lures victims with ads in the newspaper\'s personal columns and sends poems to taunt the police. Scotland Yard Inspector Harley Temple  asks if Sandra would be willing to work undercover to help find her missing friend and the killer. He sees first-hand how observant she is and gives her a temporary police identification card and a gun. Sandra is asked to answer personal ads, with a Yard officer named H.R. Barrett  always nearby, just in case. By coincidence she meets the dashing man-about-town nightclub owner Robert Fleming , who at first wished to hire her for his stage revue but now wants to pursue a romance. In the meantime, Sandra answers an ad placed by Charles van Druten , a former fashion designer who is now mentally imbalanced. Her bodyguard Barrett has to come to her rescue. She also needs to be saved, this time by Fleming, from a mysterious figure named Mr. Moryani . He apparently recruits young women and whisks them off to South America by offering them a promising opportunity in a new land while, in reality, having something more sinister in mind. Fleming shares a stately home with Julian Wilde , his business partner and best friend. Fleming ultimately does win Sandra\'s heart, even becoming engaged to her. Inspector Temple thanks her for her efforts and even agrees to come to their engagement party. During the party at the beautiful home where she will soon live, however, Sandra accidentally discovers evidence that links Fleming to the Poet Killer\'s crimes, including a distinctive bracelet worn by her friend Lucy. Fleming is placed under arrest. Circumstantial evidence mounts up, although he adamantly denies any involvement in the crime. Sandra believes him, but the Yard does not. Lucy\'s body is found in the river. Wilde assures his incarcerated friend that he will hire the best possible attorney and do everything possible to clear him. It occurs to Inspector Temple that it is actually Wilde who fancies poetry and is in a position to have been the killer. Just before he can flee, Wilde is visited by Sandra at home. He is secretly obsessed with her, just as he possibly was with the other women he abducted. Wilde at first expresses his desire for Sandra, then removes his scarf and prepares to strangle her. Scotland Yard\'s men break through the windows to rescue her just in time. Fleming is set free, and he and Sandra toast with champagne to better days ahead.'] ["Leo Handler  rides the subway to a his mother's house in Queens, New York, where she has thrown a surprise party in honor of his parole. His cousin Erica  is at the party with her boyfriend Willie Gutierrez . Willie takes Leo aside and thanks him for serving time in prison, implying that Leo had taken a fall for their gang of friends. Leo is eager to find a job to support his mother , who has a heart condition. Willie suggests working for Erica's stepfather Frank Olchin ([[James Caan . The next day, Leo meets with Frank at the railway car repair company that he owns. Frank encourages him to enter a 2-year machinist program and offers to help finance his studies. Needing to work right away, Leo asks about working with Willie at the company. Frank discourages that idea. Later, Willie tells Leo not to worry about it, because Frank tried to get him to enroll in a machinist program as well. Willie invites Leo to watch him work the next day. At Brooklyn Borough Hall, Willie explains how corrupt the contract system is for repair work on the subway. After a hearing to award contracts, Willie is approached by Hector Gallardo  about leaving Frank's firm for his. Willie brushes him off, and he takes Leo with him to Roosevelt Island where he bribes the official in charge of awarding contracts. One night, Willie takes Leo with him to a rail yard, where he and a gang sabotage the work of Gallardo's firm, in order to lower their quality rating and lessen their ability to get contracts. Willie tells Leo to stand watch while the crew sabotages the train couplings. Meanwhile, Willie heads into the yard master's office to pay him off with Knicks tickets. The yard master tells Willie to get his crew off the tracks, because Gallardo had brought him $2,000 in cash earlier in the week. The yard master sounds the alarm, which draws a police officer to the tracks where he sees Leo. Terrified of returning to jail, Leo tries to run. When the cop begins to hit Leo with his night stick, Leo fights back and beats the cop into unconsciousness. As he runs off, he sees Willie in the office killing the yard master. As the cop lies in a coma at a hospital, the crew tells Leo that he must murder him, to prevent him from identifying Leo when he wakes up. They warn Leo that if the cop lives, then they will have to kill Leo. At the hospital, Leo is too scared to murder the cop, and he flees. When the cop awakes, he identifies Leo as his attacker, triggering a broad manhunt. The police assume that Leo is also responsible for the yard master's murder. When the police raid his mother's apartment, she has a heart attack, leaving her in an even weaker state. Even though Willie has told him to lay low, Leo emerges from hiding to visit his sick mother. Erica is tending to her, and she asks Leo if Willie was with him at the train yards. She realizes that it was Willie who actually killed the yard master, and she breaks off their engagement. Erica sets up a meeting between Leo and Frank, but Leo realizes that Frank is prepared to kill him. Out of options, Leo turns to Gallardo for protection. With Gallardo's lawyers at his side, Leo turns himself in at a public hearing into the rail yard incident and contract corruption. Realizing that Leo's testimony is in no one's interest, Frank and Gallardo negotiate a new split of the contracts with the Queens Borough President in a backroom deal. Meanwhile, Willie visits Erica, trying to win her back. Frank told him that Erica and Leo had been in love when they were younger, and they were caught having sex. Fearful of the broken-hearted and jealous Willie, Erica triggers the house alarm. Willie tries to embrace her, and as she pulls away, a scuffle ensues. Willie accidentally throws Erica off the second floor landing, causing her to fall to her death. Outside the house, he surrenders to the police who have responded to the alarm. Erica's death emboldens Leo to ignore the deal that Frank and his cronies brokered. The film closes with him testifying against everyone involved in the corruption."] ['Jeffrey Nicolas Grant , a brash hyperactive high school student lives in San Diego with his parents, who own a successful garden centre. Keen to fly, he has applied for entry to the Air Force Academy. During a routine background check on Jeff, FBI agent Roy Parmenter  finds contradictory information on his parents, making him suspect that all is not as it should be. Further investigations reveal that they may be \'sleeper\' agents for the Soviet Union with a teenager son, Jeff Nicholas. Unable to arrest them as they haven\'t actually done anything yet, Roy continues his investigation, and moves into the house across the street from the Grant family. He worms his way into their confidence. He eventually confronts Jeff with his suspicions and seeks Jeff\'s cooperation to learn more about his family. Initially unbelieving, Jeff is soon forced to accept the facts and discovers that even his own name is fictitious, his real name is Nikita. Roy confides to Jeff that twenty years earlier, his partner was killed by a Soviet agent, known only as \'Scuba\' , and that he\'s still at large. It transpires that \'Scuba\' is now a rogue agent, killing KGB agents one by one, including "sleepers". Meanwhile, a spy-catcher, Konstantin Karpov , has been sent from the Soviet embassy in Mexico to \'reel in\' Scuba. Jeff is captured and held as a hostage at gunpoint by Karpov, as he and \'Scuba\' make their way to the Mexican border on the San Diego Trolley. Roy has also confronted them and is holding Karpov at gunpoint. At the border, the situation resolves itself; Karpov and \'Scuba\' cross into Mexico, and the Grant family remain in the USA. It remains unclear what their fate will be.'] ['In Arizona, 12-year-old Mark Evans  is taken to the hospital by his father Jack ([[David Morse  to visit his dying mother, Janice. Having been assigned for a business trip to Tokyo, Japan, Jack takes Mark to stay with his brother Wallace  and sister-in-law Susan  in Maine. Mark is re-introduced to his extended family, including his cousins Connie  and Henry . Mark and Henry get along at first, and Henry seems to be nice and well-mannered. In discussing the death of Mark\'s mother and that of Henry\'s baby brother Richard, however, Henry expresses an abnormal fascination with death, making Mark uneasy. Henry continues to display increasingly psychopathic behavior, which Mark is unable to tell Wallace and Susan, due to Henry\'s dark threats. Later, Henry implies that he will try to kill his sister. Terrified something will happen to Connie, Mark spends the night in her room. The next morning, Mark awakens to find Henry has taken Connie ice skating. At the pond, Henry purposely throws his sister in the thin ice. The ice collapses and Connie nearly drowns before she is rescued and taken to the hospital. Susan becomes skeptical of Henry when he visits Connie\'s room, planning to smother her, but Susan, sitting in the dark, interrupts him. Susan then finds a rubber duck in Henry\'s shed; it had once belonged to Richard and was with him in the bathtub the night he drowned, after which it went missing. When Susan confronts Henry, he coldly reminds her the toy had belonged to him before it had been Richard\'s and asks for it back. Susan refuses to give it back. Henry demands for it as he tries to get it from Susan. Susan becomes scared as she and Henry engage in a tug of war over it. Henry then violently takes it from Susan and runs out of the shed to the cemetery and throws it in the well indicating that Richard meant nothing to him. Henry later implies to Mark that he will kill Susan, rather than let Mark continue to develop a relationship with her. Due to a misunderstanding that Mark was trying to kill Henry, Wallace locks Mark in the den. Henry asks a suspicious Susan to go for a walk with him, while Mark escapes the den and chases after them. Susan firmly asks if Henry killed his brother. Henry shrugs and says, "What if I did?" Horrified of what her son has become, Susan tells Henry that he needs help. He flees into the woods, and Susan chases him, afraid he will try to kill himself. She arrives at a cliff, which Henry shoves her off of. She holds on precariously, while Henry picks up a large rock he intends to throw down at her. Just then, Mark arrives and tackles his cousin, and they fight while Susan climbs back up. In the ensuing brawl, the boys roll off the cliff, and are caught by Susan. She arduously hangs onto both boys with one hand. Henry holds on with both his hands, but Mark\'s one-handed grip is slipping. Wanting to save them both, and yet understanding she can save only one of them, Susan sees Henry icily calm again, confident that his mother will save her \'good\' son. Though agonized by the decision, Susan now knows how far Henry is willing to go- if saved, he will likely kill his mother anyway, now that she knows the truth about him. She lets him go, choosing to save Mark, while a shocked Henry plummets to his death. She pulls Mark up, and they both look down to see Henry\'s dead body on the rocks below, which is washed away into the sea. Susan and Mark then share an emotional embrace. When Mark returns to Arizona, he wonders if Susan would again make the same choice to save him instead of Henry, but knows it is something he\'ll never ask her.'] ["Rajesh is a teacher. His wife Shila gets killed while driving as she meets with an accident. After cremating her, Rajesh comes back home and is told by his maidservant who was very loyal to his wife that his wife had come home when he was away and she had just left before arriving. He is shocked to hear as he had himself cremated her and identified her by what she was wearing and by certain marks on her body. Soon after a look alike of Shila turns up at Rajesh's place and claims to be his wife. Rajesh refuses to believe her and informs the police about this imposter. She appears before Rajesh from time to time and he is highly disturbed. The police, who are also eager to solve the case, file a case against Shila. The public prosecutor appearing for the police and Rajesh is the father of Sumi, a student of Rajesh. The imposter turns out to Capt. Choudhury, a lady officer of the army, a friend of Shila who had taken her test to catch the actual murderer. The murderer turn out to be Sumi, Rajesh's student who had paid certain people to eliminate Shila as she loved Rajesh and the later commits suicide when she comes to know that Rajesh doesn’t love her."] ['Bobby Grady  is an ordinary middle-class electronics store owner who occasionally moonlights doing surveillance work. He attends a group therapy session because his wife, Amy , has lost interest in sex and he fears their marriage is in trouble. Grady is soon approached by the owner of a fashion design house to spy on an employee, Joanna Crane , whom he suspects of selling clothing patterns to his competitors. Grady discovers the fears of Crane\'s boss are unfounded, but Crane is moonlighting as a street prostitute using the name China Blue and wearing a wig and provocative clothing as a disguise. Grady tells the designer there is nothing to his suspicions, but keeps quiet about Crane\'s double life. After having an erotic encounter with Crane in her China Blue persona, Grady decides to start seeing her professionally, and later, romantically. However, their involvement is complicated by his guilt and her intimacy issues &mdash; not to mention her clientele of regular patrons and their bizarre sexual fetishes. Among them is the "Reverend" Peter Shayne , who alternately spends his time delivering soapbox sermons on the street, visiting peep shows while sniffing amyl nitrite, and patronizing prostitutes. Shayne has begun seeing China Blue often and declares a misguided need to "save" her. (When he says, "Save your [[Soul  Underscoring Shayne\'s contradictory nature is the cache of sex toys he carries in a small doctor\'s bag with his Bible. Grady and Joanna\'s sexual encounters soon develop into genuine romantic feelings for each other. When Grady admits he may leave his wife and children, Joanna feels put-upon and depressed. She seeks solace in turning tricks because the encounters are not fraught with emotional entanglements. She dominates a young policeman in an S&M session, penetrating him with his nightstick, and endures a botched three-way in a limousine. A session with an older, dying man whose wife wants China Blue to give him sexual gratification one last time inspires Joanna to reveal her real  name to the couple, suggesting she is the proverbial "hooker with a heart of gold". Shayne grows increasingly psychotic: he carries a sharpened metallic vibrator he nicknames "Superman" and starts stalking Joanna. He moves into a seedy motel next door to her nighttime place of business and watches her activities through a peephole. He also sets up a shrine with candles and numerous photos of her. Sensing that he is mentally unhinged, Joanna says she no longer wishes to see him, but Shayne follows her home to her actual apartment. Once there, he begs her to kill him. Grady decides to visit Joanna to tell her that he has left home. He hears shouting when he arrives at her apartment, so he breaks down her door to find who he thinks is Joanna cowering in terror. He approaches the person, not realizing it is actually Shayne in Joanna\'s China Blue disguise. Joanna, wearing Shayne\'s clothing, leaps from the shadows and stabs Shayne with the "Superman" vibrator before he can attack Grady with a large pair of scissors. Shayne dies, convinced that his sacrifice has "saved" them both. The film ends with Grady addressing his group therapist about his new relationship with a woman named Joanna.'] ["While driving cross-country from Boston to San Diego in their new Jeep Grand Cherokee, Jeff Taylor and his wife Amy narrowly miss colliding with a beat-up Ford F-150 that darts in front of them from an connecting road on a deserted highway. Later, while stopped at a gas station, the truck's driver, Earl, exchanges hostile words with Jeff before the couple resume their journey. Shortly afterwards, their Jeep breaks down in the middle of the desert. Leaving Jeff with the car, Amy accepts a ride from a passing big-rig trucker named Red Barr driving a Peterbilt 385, to get to a nearby diner and call for help. Jeff eventually discovers that the Jeep's battery connections have been suspiciously tampered with, and, after reconnecting them, drives to the diner, only to find that no one has seen his wife. When he catches up with Barr on the road and forces him to stop, the trucker claims he has never seen Jeff or his wife before. Jeff hails a passing sheriff, named Boyd, but a brief search of Barr's truck yields no sign of Amy, and he is let go. Jeff then goes to a police station where he is advised by a deputy to go back to the diner and wait for his wife. There Jeff meets with a simpleton mechanic named Billy, who says he saw Amy arrive in one truck and leave in another. He tells Jeff where they have taken her, but refuses to speak with the police, thinking that they are involved. Jeff heads to the location Billy mentioned, but is ambushed on a back road by Earl, and escapes by driving his Jeep into a river. Abandoning the Jeep and later circling back to watch his attackers salvage the Jeep from the water, Jeff is discovered and knocked out by Billy, an accomplice who had feigned mental impairment earlier. Jeff awakens in a car trunk surrounded by Earl, Billy, another accomplice, Al, a tow-truck driver, and their leader, Red Barr. Red tells Jeff that his wife will be released in exchange for $90,000 that the kidnappers think Jeff has in his bank account. Knowing that he only has a small fraction of the assumed amount, Jeff enters a nearby bank to withdraw what little money he has. After a failed attempt to alert the bank manager to his danger, Jeff steals marked money ribbons and a letter opener from the manager's desk; Jeff uses money ribbons to packet $1 bills in-between two $100 bills, fooling the kidnappers. With the ransom now in hand, Jeff is then instructed by phone to leave town, where he is picked up and bound with duct tape by Earl in his pickup truck. While gloating about how easy Jeff and his wife were to abduct by rigging their car to break down after leaving the gas station, as well as bragging that he intends to kill Jeff and his wife anyway, Earl discovers Jeff's ruse with the ransom. At exactly the same moment, Jeff frees himself and stabs Earl in the chest with the letter opener. After a struggle in the speeding, swerving pickup, Jeff takes over the vehicle, bounds Earl, and forces him to reveal his rendezvous with Red at a local truck stop. Sheriff Boyd appears in his patrol car and, seeing the swerving pickup, calls for backup and stops the vehicle. After Jeff exits the truck with Earl's pistol in hand, a stressed Boyd mistakes the situation and forces Jeff at gunpoint down onto the road. Earl frees himself and shoots Boyd with another pistol concealed in his boot. Just as Earl is about to shoot Jeff, a wounded Boyd shoots and kills Earl. Jeff uses Boyd's radio to call for an ambulance and heads to the truck stop Earl mentioned. At the rest stop, Jeff avoids the police looking for him in connection to the shooting of Boyd, and then spots Red talking on a payphone with another accomplice. Jeff follows Red to his truck where he jumps under the moving truck as Red drives away. Jeff loses his pistol while climbing aboard, but stows away to Red's farm at which he arrives early the next morning. Hiding in a barn, Jeff watches as Red and his remaining accomplices take a bound and gagged Amy and lock her in a freezer in the barn's cellar, leaving her to die. Unable to open the locked cellar door, Jeff finds a gun in Red's truck and uses it to hold Red, his accomplices, and his wife and son at gunpoint, demands the cellar key. Billy escapes, but Jeff forces the rest of the group to safely release Amy from the freezer before locking them in the cellar. Jeff and Amy then flee in a stolen Chevrolet C-20 pickup, while Billy frees Red and Al. They pursue the Taylors in their respective vehicles. During the climactic chase, Billy is killed in a fiery crash when Jeff forces his car off the road, while the trailer from Red's truck detaches, causing Al to violently crash into it. Undeterred, Red attempts to ram Jeff's vehicle off a bridge, trapping Amy's leg underneath the dashboard. Red's big rig nearly falls off the edge and becomes suspended by a steel bridge support. Jeff battles Red on the suspended big rig, eventually hurling Red to the rocks below. Jeff frees Amy from the dashboard in which she  pulls the automatic shift on their pickup, causing the semi to fall on Red and crush him. Sitting on the edge of the bridge beside their mangled pickup truck, Jeff and Amy embrace each other."] ["A Few Days in September imagines a scenario in which an American C.I.A. agent, Elliot, with advance intelligence about the attacks on New York's World Trade Center towers is being chased by an assassin, William Pound, while he is trying to reunite himself with his two grown up children via an old female colleague, Irène.{{cite web}}"] ['{{cleanup}} The film begins in a Los Angeles restaurant, where the main character, a waitress named Slim, works with her best friend, Ginny. Slim receives unwelcome romantic advances from a customer who complimented her on her slim figure but made fun of her name. She reveals that "Slim" is not her real name, and she refuses to reveal her real name. Then she is rescued by a guy named Mitch Hiller. They later marry and have a daughter named Gracie. A few years later, Slim finds out that Mitch is unfaithful and was cheating on her with another woman named Darcelle . When she confronts him, he tells her the other women meant nothing. But Slim\'s sadness turns to anger and she threatens to leave. Mitch becomes violent, slapping and punching her in the face. He tells her that since he makes the money, he gets to do what he wants. He says he will not break the affair off and she has to deal with that, unless she wants to fight. When he leaves, she picks up the phone to call his mother. He taps on the window when he catches her, asking her who she\'s calling, and why. She says she\'s calling his mother, but lies when she gives her reasons. He believes her, and leaves. When Slim approaches her mother-in-law about the incident, she asks Slim what she had done to make Mitch angry, indicating that Mitch\'s behavior isn\'t a surprise to her. Slim then goes and talks to Ginny. Ginny tells her she should leave, but Slim isn\'t sure. When she goes to pick Gracie up from school, her teacher says that Gracie was already picked up by her father. She panics and goes home. The house is empty. She calls Mitch, who tells her that Gracie is with him at the zoo. He hints to her that he can get to Gracie as easy as she can. At dinner that night, he tells her he knew she told his mother, but he stays civil on the count of Gracie being present. Slim decides that enough is enough, and plans to escape. A few days later Slim, having carefully planned her escape, leaves and takes Gracie with her. With the help of her friends, who wait outside in a van, she makes it to the door. But Mitch stops her while she\'s about to leave. He then attacks and kicks her, which leaves a bruise. He threatens Slim\'s friends with a gun, who run into the house after hearing Slim scream. Mitch says he will plant drugs in her car, making her look like an addict - that way he\'ll have sole custody of Gracie by the end of the week. But with her friend\'s help, she and Gracie escape. But Mitch relentlessly hunts her down, freezing her credit cards, forcing her friends to help her out financially. Mrs. Hiller, Mitch\'s mother, calls them to check on them but they have to keep their calls short. Slim takes Gracie to Seattle, to meet her ex-boyfriend Joe, but they are visited by a couple of Mitch\'s friends, disguised as FBI agents investigating a kidnapping, and then to San Francisco to see her grandfather, , since she knows they both are in perilous danger. The man, named Jupiter, claims that Slim is not his daughter and gives them only $12, thinking they are homeless and want money. Slim leaves, hardhearted at Jupiter, and moves with Gracie to Michigan. However, after Jupiter is threatened by Mitch\'s men, he decides to help. He sends them enough money for a house. While at their new home in Michigan, Slim changes her name to Erin Shleeter, and the future looks clear and bright. Slim tells Gracie not to call her Slim. Gracie responds that she won\'t because she doesn\'t think Slim is that slim. But Mitch tracks her down from traced calls from payphone at gas stations around the area. As he attacks Slim, saying he wants her back, Gracie witnesses the attack and tries to stop her father. But Mitch pushes her out of the way. A car chase ensues, but Slim has made preparations for an escape and they are able to do so again. Gracie seems scared and has become quite silent, but doesn\'t want her mother to tell her what happened. Eventually Slim goes into hiding in San Francisco, hires a woman who looks like her to keep her cover, and sends Gracie on vacation to Hawaii with her best friend to get her out of harm\'s way. She prepares herself with self-defense trainer  who teaches her Krav Maga, since self defense is not murder. He tells her the hardest lesson - if he hits her, hold on to his voice and awaken when he is about to attack or kick her. She returns to Los Angeles, breaks into Mitch\'s new home and traps him there, hiding his guns and blocking the phone connections, so he cannot call the police. As he says he can not hit her, she asks him why he could do it before when she was defenseless. In the ensuing fight Slim uses her new skills. She calls Ginny saying she can not kill him, and while she is distracted Mitch hits her from behind with a lamp. Slim repeats what she learned in her lessons and trips, beats and kicks him in the chest to send him off a balcony to his death. With Mitch no longer a threat, Slim and Gracie go on to live a happy life in Seattle with Joe.'] ['When Matthew Kane  becomes a successful architect, he leaves his wife of seven years, Laura , to nurture his newfound taste for younger and prettier women. Bent on revenge, Laura hires a beautiful con artist named Tuesday  to seduce and emotionally destroy her ex-husband. When the two women become more involved with Matt as well as each other, a story of loyalty, vengeance, and betrayal begins to unfold as the situation becomes more dangerous than expected for all parties involved.'] ['The genesis of the movie arises out of the Cold War tensions existing between the United States and the Soviet Union during the early 1960s. The film presents a dramatic account of a series of coincidental events leading up to an accidental thermonuclear first-strike attack by a group of United States “Vindicator” bombers  against Moscow, the capital of what was then the Soviet Union. Amidst an ordinary tour for VIPs at the U.S. headquarters of the Strategic Air Command  in Omaha, Nebraska, an alert is initiated when SAC radar indicates an intrusion into American airspace of an unidentified flying object. The standard procedure of SAC is to keep several groups of bombers constantly flying around the clock as a most immediate response to any potential nuclear attack on the country. Upon any initial alert from headquarters, these airborne groups proceed to pre-identified aerial points around the globe called "fail-safe points" to await an actual "go code" before proceeding towards Russian targets. Shortly after reaching those points, the flying object is identified merely as an off-course airliner and the alert is canceled. However, a technical error sends an errant "go code" to a group of bombers, ordering them to proceed and attack their target. Coincidentally and simultaneously, a new Russian jamming device begins radio jamming of communications between SAC headquarters and the bomber group with the result that the group commander, Colonel Jack Grady , begins to lead the attack on Moscow. Pressure mounts as the President of the United States  and his advisers attempt to recall the group or shoot them down. Communications are begun with the Soviet Chairman, whereupon mistakes on both sides  are acknowledged. The jamming is reversed; however, SAC training and protocols cause the crew to reject counter-orders to abort the mission. Upon confirmation regarding the completion of the accidental attack on Moscow, the President realizes the severity of the situation and seeks a resolution to the matter that will avoid reprisal from the Russians and, ultimately, an all-out nuclear holocaust. With this threat in mind, the President orders an immediate similar nuclear strike on New York City.'] ["Business man Sam, his wife Liz and his brother musician Nick with his girlfriend Christine are driving through a remote countryside. Nick, not wanting to arrive at their father's birthday dinner after them is driving erratically and fast, but when he takes a shortcut to a back road through some woodlands. Several miles in, the tire gets a flat and they are unable to get cell phone signals to call for help. While repairing the car, Sam confronts Nick about how he thinks Nick is wasting his life being a musician, his latest fling with Christine being another mistake on his judgement list. As they are arguing, they are approached by a grizzly bear. Despite efforts of Nick to convince the group to calmly leave, Sam takes matters into his own hands and shoots the bear down with a handgun. After the bear dies, they are approached by a larger male bear who charges them in revenge, causing them to retreat into their car. In his rage, the bear overturns the car, trapping the humans inside. After striding around for several minutes, the bear leaves, allowing the crew to turn the car back over. But as they start driving, the axles break under both sets of tires, stranding them again. The group tries to leave on foot, but they are ambushed by the bear who chases them to an out-of-ground pipe. He tricks them into leaving for the car again and attacks again; this time he is able to catch Christine who is killed then dragged away while the others watch. Nick begins to think that the bear is taking out his revenge on them one-by-one due to a native American legend that bears are actually the reincarnated spirits of shaman and are capable of human thoughts and emotion. Sam dismisses this and they set a trap to try to keep the bear in the car in order for them to escape. The trap is sprung, but Nick is nearly killed by the bear, forcing Sam and Liz to release the bear and retreat back into the vehicle themselves. Sam opts as a marathon runner to jog the several miles to the restaurant, but when he arrives he is attacked before he can get help by the bear who followed him. Meanwhile, Liz tells Nick that she and Sam have been having serious financial troubles which has caused a rift in their marriage putting him into extraordinary debt and possibly under scrutiny for embezzlement from Sam's company, which is the reason he gave their father a Porsche . Sam is returned rather violently by the bear and released to climb into the car. Nick surmises there must be a reason Sam had been returned, and Liz reveals to him that she's pregnant. But it was established earlier that due to the rift in their marriage, they hadn't slept together in about six months while she is two months pregnant. Nick realizes that he is the father, due to an affair he and Liz had months prior which breaks Sam's heart and Nick realizes the true reason the bear had locked all three of them together; Sam, realizing that Liz might be happier with Nick offers to sacrifice himself and attack the bear so the other two can escape, as he is dying, Nick rushes to help and is killed as well. The bear approaches Liz, who sinks to her knees as the bear sniffs her, closing her eyes ready to die. But the attack never comes, and the bear instead leaves her alone, likely having sensed her pregnancy. As she begins down the road by herself, the camera turns to the bodies of Sam and Nick lying next to each other and the screen goes black."] ['Former CIA operative Bryan Mills wants to build a closer relationship with his teenage daughter Kim. She lives with her mother, Lenore and her wealthy stepfather, Stuart. During Kim\'s 17th birthday, he buys her an expensive karaoke machine only to be upstaged by Stuart, who surprises her with a horse. While working as security, Bryan saves pop star Sheerah from a knife-wielding assailant after a concert. Sheerah, grateful, agrees to tutor Kim after Bryan says she aspires to be a singer. At a lunch soon after, Kim asks Bryan for permission to travel to Paris with her friend Amanda. Bryan balks at the two girls travelling alone, but relents when Lenore complains that he is overprotective after being absent for most of Kim\'s life. At Los Angeles International Airport, he is dismayed to discover the girls are actually following U2 during their European tour, something Lenore knew but kept from him. Arriving in Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport, Kim and Amanda meet Peter, who offers to share a cab with them and invites them to a party. This is a ruse to gather information about where they are staying. At the apartment, Kim discovers that Amanda\'s cousins, with whom they are staying, and who are meant to be keeping an eye on them, are in fact in Spain. While talking to Bryan on the phone, Kim sees Amanda being kidnapped by intruders. Kim is taken shortly after, while Bryan records the incident. When a kidnapper picks up the phone, Bryan tries to bargain with him, threatening to kill him if he doesn\'t let her go. The kidnapper replies only "good luck" and hangs up. Bryan\'s former colleague Sam tells him that based on the recording, Kim has probably been taken by an Albanian human trafficking ring and that if she is not rescued within four days, she will likely never be found. Bryan travels to Paris on one of Stuart\'s private jets and finds Peter at the airport. After a confrontation and chase, Peter is hit and killed by a passing truck before Bryan can interrogate him. Bryan then seeks out Jean-Claude, a former French field agent who now works a desk job. Jean-Claude is relatively unhelpful but does direct Bryan to a district where an East European gang are prostituting women. Bryan follows one gangster to a makeshift brothel at a construction site, where he finds a girl wearing Kim\'s jacket. He fights off the brothel guards and escapes with the girl. After the girl awakens, she gives Bryan enough information about the house where she met Kim to allow him to find it. Bryan bluffs his way in and kills the thugs inside, sparing only Marko, the kidnapper he spoke to on the phone, whose voice he recognises. Searching the house, he finds several captive teens, including Amanda, who is dead from a forced heroin overdose. At the basement of the house, Bryan tortures Marko strapped to an electric chair until he reveals that Kim, being a virgin, was very valuable on the black market, and was sold to an auctioneer named Saint-Clair. Bryan leaves Marko to die from electrocution and visits Jean-Claude at home. Having deduced that Jean-Claude is corrupt, Bryan shoots Jean-Claude\'s wife in the arm and threatens to kill her unless Jean-Claude gives up Saint-Clair\'s address. At Saint-Clair\'s mansion, during a large party, Bryan infiltrates an auction of girls in a basement facility. His daughter is the last offering. Bryan forces a Middle Eastern bidder to purchase her. Though he is captured, Bryan frees himself and kills Saint-Clair\'s henchmen. He forces Saint-Clair to reveal where Kim has been taken before killing him. Bryan races to a luxury yacht owned by a sheikh. Jumping aboard, Bryan kills the boat\'s guards, and finally confronts the sheikh in his boudoir. Despite the sheikh holding a knife to Kim\'s throat, Bryan shoots him in the head and rescues his daughter. They return to the U.S. where she is reunited with her mother and stepfather. Afterward, Bryan takes Kim to see Sheerah for her first singing lesson.'] ["Dr. Susan Wheeler  is a surgical resident at Boston Memorial Hospital. Wheeler is devastated when her best friend is pronounced brain dead and ends up in a coma after minor surgery at the hospital. Looking at the records, Susan finds that over the previous year a number of other fit young people have ended up the same way. She comes across two similarities to the cases: they all took place in the same operating theatre , and all the comatose bodies were moved to a remote facility called the Jefferson Institute. She continues to investigate, increasingly alone, starting to wonder if she can trust even her own boyfriend, Dr. Mark Bellows . Eventually she discovers that the Jefferson Institute is a front for black market organ sales, where the patients organs are sold to the highest bidder. Boston Memorial is in on this, purposely inducing comas in patients whose organs match those of potential buyers. The patients are rendered brain dead via covert carbon monoxide poisoning, through a pipe that leads from the basement to the OR. Susan's investigation then reveals the mastermind behind all of it - Dr. George Harris  , Chief of Surgery, who she has been confiding in all along. Dr. Harris tries to stop Susan from exposing the truth, and attempts to render her brain dead with carbon monoxide in operating room eight, under the pretext of performing a appendectomy. However Dr. Bellows, now having realized the truth as well, manages to find and disconnect the pipe before it can poison Susan. The movie ends with Susan awake, being wheeled out of the operating room holding Dr. Bellows hand. Meanwhile Dr. Harris stands defeated in the operating room, as two police officers wait outside to arrest him."] ['In London, a serial killer is raping women and strangling them with neckties. Most of the film takes place in Covent Garden, which at the time was still the wholesale fruit and vegetable market district. Fairly early in the film, the audience sees that fruit merchant Robert Rusk ([[Barry Foster  is in fact the murderer. However, circumstantial guilt has already built up around his friend, Richard Blaney . Blaney\'s ex-wife Brenda  runs a matchmaking service that Rusk used until he was blacklisted for beating up his dates. One day, Rusk shows up at her office and tries to seduce her; when she spurns his advances, he rapes and strangles her in a fit of rage. Suspicion falls on Blaney, who had earlier threatened her in public. The subsequent murder of Blaney\'s girlfriend, Barbara "Babs" Milligan , occurs off-screen: the audience sees her entering Rusk\'s apartment with him, but the camera then pulls back down the stairs all the way out to the other side of the street. The audience next sees Rusk at night carrying a large sack and lifting it into the back of a lorry among sacks of unsold potatoes bound for Lincolnshire. Rusk soon finds that his distinctive jeweled tie pin  is missing, and realises that Babs must have torn it off as he was murdering her. He climbs into the back of the lorry, but it starts off on its journey north. The killer desperately scrabbles through the sack of potatoes to find the dead woman\'s hand. Rigor mortis has set in, and he has to break her fingers in order to prise the pin from her grasp. Blaney is jailed, while protesting his innocence. Chief Inspector Oxford , the detective investigating the murders, reconsiders the previous events and begins to believe that he has arrested the wrong man. He discusses the case with his wife  in several scenes of black humour concerning her ineptitude as a cook. Blaney escapes from prison. Oxford knows he will head to Rusk\'s flat for revenge, and immediately goes there. Before this, Blaney arrives to find that the door to the flat is unlocked. He creeps in and sees what appears to be Rusk asleep in bed; he strikes the body twice with a metal bar. However, we see that the body is in fact the corpse of another of Rusk\'s female victims. Oxford bursts through the door. Blaney is still standing by the corpse holding the metal bar. They hear Rusk carrying something large and heavy up the staircase, so the two men wait in the flat. When Rusk enters, he is dragging a large trunk to cart away the body. The film ends with Oxford\'s urbane but pointed comment, "Mr. Rusk, you\'re not wearing your tie."'] ["Bridget Gregory steals $700,000 from her drug dealer husband Clay. On her way to Chicago, she stops in a small town, Beston, a suburb of Buffalo, and meets Mike. Meanwhile, Clay gets his thumb broken by the loan shark who is looking for repayment for his loan. Clay, with the help of a private detective, frantically searches for his wife and the money. In Beston, Bridget changes her name to Wendy Kroy and gets a job at the insurance company where Mike works. When Mike tells her how to find out if a man is cheating on his wife by reading his credit reports, Bridget invents a plan based on selling murders to cheated wives. She pretends to travel to Florida to kill a cheating husband, but instead goes to Buffalo to meet Mike's ex-wife, Trish. She shows Mike the money she stole from Clay to convince him she has taken a cut from the life insurance payout from the new widow as payment for the supposed killing. She tells him she has done it so they can live together, then persuades him that he must also commit a similar murder so they will be even, and to prove that he loves her. She tries to talk Mike into killing a tax lawyer cheating old ladies out of their homes. At first he rejects the idea, but agrees after receiving a letter from his ex saying she is moving to Beston. The letter was forged by Bridget to change his mind. Mike goes to New York City and breaks into the apartment of the attorney, who turns out to be Clay. After Clay is tied up by Mike, he manages to work out what is happening when Mike mentions Bridget's alias, and convinces him of the truth by showing him a photo of himself and Bridget together. They then hatch a plot to double-cross her, but she turns the tables by killing Clay herself. She tells a stunned Mike to rape her. When he refuses, she tells him she knows the truth about Trish, who is a transsexual. She then tricks Mike into having rough sex with her while she has 9-1-1 on the line. Mike is arrested for rape and murder while she escapes with the cash."] ['Set in Sweden, the film is shown in flashbacks in the course of a trial in which a young woman with a half-hidden face, Anna Holm, is charged with murder. The events, as described by the witnesses, begin years before when aristocrat Torsten Barring hosts a party at a tavern. The guests include Vera, the faithless wife of noted plastic surgeon Gustav Segert. When the tavern refuses to extend his credit, Torsten meets the proprietress Anna &mdash; whose face is badly scarred from a fire 22 years ago caused by her father. Torsten treats Anna as if she is beautiful and charming rather than scarred and unpleasant. Anna is suspicious, and Torsten implies that he may need her help in the future. Anna is leader of a gang of blackmailers. She obtains letters proving Vera is having an affair and demands money. Gustav comes home unexpectedly and, thinking Anna a thief, wants to call the police, but Vera convinces him to let her go. Gustav becomes intrigued by Anna\'s scars and offers to perform plastic surgery on her. Anna is subjected to twelve operations. Within two years, she turns into a beautiful woman no longer ridiculed by strangers. After leaving Gustav\'s Swiss clinic, she returns to Torsten, who is amazed by her new physical beauty. She assures him that in spite of this, she has not yet joined the side of the angels. Torsten obliquely tells her that his uncle, Consul Magnus Barring, who is very old and very rich, is leaving everything to a four-year-old grandson. But, if something happens to the grandson, Torsten will inherit instead. Anna is horrified by what he is driving at, but is compelled through love for Torsten to agree. Using the name "Ingrid Paulson," Anna is hired as a governess on Torsten\'s recommendation and goes to live at the Barring chateau. She becomes fond of the kindly Consul and his sweet-natured grandson, Lars-Erik. Torsten soon joins them, but party guests include Gustav, who recognises "Ingrid" as Anna. Thinking that she has softened and changed her name to start a new life, Gustav does not reveal her true identity. The next day, Anna accidentally leaves Lars-Erik too long under a sun lamp. Her genuine distress makes Torsten suspicious of her resolve to kill the boy. He gives her an ultimatum that Lars-Erik must die before the next night and she reluctantly agrees. The incident, however, causes Gustav to become suspicious, especially after seeing Anna with Torsten at the nearby falls. Anna takes Lars-Erik for an open cable car ride across the falls. Halfway across, she loosens a bolt and the boy comes perilously close to falling to his death. Anna pulls him back to safety and hugs him, overcome with remorse. Seeing this, Gustav decides that she has changed for the better. On the Consul\'s birthday, Anna gives him a miniature chess set. A multiple sleigh ride in the snow is organised. Anna suddenly sees Lars-Erik in the same sleigh as Torsten. Panicking for the boy\'s safety, she gets Gustav to pursue them, confessing to the whole plot and how she now hates Torsten. When they reach the sleigh, Torsten won\'t stop so Anna takes out a gun and shoots him. They save the boy and Torsten\'s body slips into the falls. Anna stands trial for Torsten\'s murder, during which the whole story is made public. Gustav testifies under oath that he is in love with her. But the court is not fully satisfied that she killed in order to save the life of the boy. Anna reveals that she placed a suicide note confessing to the scheme inside the chess set that she gave to the Consul. His housekeeper, Emma Kristiansdotter, who resented the new governess, stole the note without reading it -- she assumed it to be a love letter and part of a scheme by Anna to seduce and marry the Consul for his money. While the judges adjourn to consider their verdict, Vera tries to reconcile with Gustav, but he has become aware of her numerous infidelities. He coaxes Anna into professing her love and he proposes marriage, after which the court attendant says that the judges are ready to give their decision, suggesting that Gustav might want to come along as well.'] ['A psychopathic bomber  sneaks into Ocean View Amusement Park and places a small radio-controlled bomb on the tracks of the park\'s wooden roller coaster, The Rocket. The bomb detonates, causing the ride to derail, which kills several riders. Harry Calder , a ride inspector who is trying to kick his smoking habit, is called to the park to investigate what initially appears to have been an accident. Calder determines that there was an unauthorized man on the track, thus eliminating structural problems as the cause of the crash. Meanwhile, the bomber flies to Pittsburgh where he sets a dark ride at another park on fire, although everyone escapes without injuries. Unable to discover any more information from the parks, Calder heads to Chicago where the heads of the parks are having a meeting. The room where the meeting is held has been bugged by the bomber, who has disguised himself as a bell boy. Calder demands to be let into the meeting, then plays a tape the Young Man has sent, wherein he demands $1 million to stop his bombing campaign. When Calder returns home he receives a call from the Young Man, who heard from his bugging of the meeting room that Calder is to go to Virginia, where the money is to be delivered to the bomber. The FBI arrive, led by Agent Hoyt , who confirms that the extortion money is to be delivered by Calder. Although reluctant, Calder flies to Kings Dominion in Richmond. He is told to wait at a telephone in the park, and is called by the bomber who is secretly watching him from the Eiffel Tower replica in the park. He tells Calder that there is a bomb in the park, and is given a two-way radio by a courier sent by the bomber. Over the radio, Calder is ordered to go on various rides in the park including Rebel Yell, the park\'s racing wooden coaster. When he gets on the Skyway, the Young Man tells Calder that the bomb is in his radio but he must not throw it away because it will explode on impact, and the paths below the Skyway are crowded with patrons. Calder is then ordered to falsely signal that he has made the delivery once leaving the Skyway, in order to distract the FBI who are watching him. The bomber tells Calder to leave the money on a bench for the Young Man in Hanna-Barbera Land. When the Young Man fails to respond to on the radio, Calder turns around to see the bag gone. After a heated argument with Hoyt and the discovery that Hoyt marked the money , Calder demands to be sent home leaving the bomb squad to take care of the radio-bomb. Once home, Calder receives a call in the middle of the night from the Young Man. He blames Calder for having the money marked and threatens another attack. Calder suspects that the Young Man will strike The Great American Revolution at Magic Mountain as his next target, because it is one of the coasters that Calder personally inspected and cleared. By so doing, Calder figures, the Young Man can take revenge on both the FBI and Calder. Though Hoyt and the other FBI agents don\'t believe Calder\'s theory, they decide to go there anyway to investigate, as the ride is scheduled to debut on July 4. While inspecting the ride disguised as park maintenance men, the agents find a bomb attached to the tracks. They are able to cut the bomb\'s antenna just moments before the Young Man realizes that his bomb has been discovered and tries to detonate the explosives. The bomber returns to his car and gets a new bomb just as the Revolution is about to open for the first time. In order to get on board, he pays $100 for a "Gold Ticket" which entitles him to be on the first train of the new ride. He places the new bomb under his seat in the back of Revolution\'s train. As the riders get off, Calder recognizes the Young Man\'s voice while he is interviewed at the exit of the ride. He immediately chases after the bomber, telling the other agents he might have placed something in train. However, it is too late to stop the train since it has already passed the chain lift on its second ride through. Intrigued by Calder\'s intelligence, the cornered bomber threatens to blow up the ride, holding the detonator in his hand while the agents try to jam the signal. The Young Man demands a firearm, which Calder takes from an agent. As Calder is about to hand him the gun, the FBI succeed in jamming the detonator\'s signal. Calder shoots the Young Man who then runs away. He hops a fence into the field below the Revolution, running blindly, not realizing he is going in a circle that leads him right back to Calder. The bomber climbs onto the track of the Revolution and prepares to escape, but sees Calder and freezes. Distracted, the Young Man is hit and killed by the coaster. The film ends with Calder requesting a cigarette and a light from a stranger, but then drops them on the ground, deciding not to smoke, as the ride proudly re-opens.'] ['{{plot}} Fifteen years after Jim Halsey\'s horror filled trip through Texas at the mercy of a crazed murderer, he works as a police officer, but has recently been suspended for using excessive force on a kidnapping suspect. It is revealed his girlfriend, Maggie, has her own crop dusting business. Jim makes a call to retired Captain Esteridge in Texas, who asks Jim to come down to Texas to talk to him face to face about his mental scars that resulted from the incidents that occurred in The Hitcher. Maggie, who is unaware of the previous events, pleads with Jim to let her tag along. Arriving in Texas, the couple pick up a car that Esteridge has left for them, and set off to his house. Jim notices a sign along the highway warning motorists not to pick up hitchhikers, which leads to a series of flashbacks. The two see an RV that has been run off the road, with blood dripping through the door. Maggie wants to stop and help, but Jim speeds up, irritating her and making her more curious about his erratic behavior. Soon, a motorcycle speeds past them and wrecks. Maggie lets the driver into the back, against Jim\'s understandable protests. The hitcher reveals his name to be Jim , and after Maggie tells him her occupation he remarks "A farm girl!" He asks them what they are in Texas for, and Jim responds with "None of your damn business." The Hitcher doesn\'t appear fazed by Jim\'s impolite behavior. Jim suddenly envisions himself and Maggie being killed by the Hitcher, and pulls a gun on him and evicts him from the car. As they speed away, Jim informs Maggie of his last experiences with hitchers, while the Hitcher lights a cigarette and says to no one in particular, "Damn fool." An 18 wheeler stops behind him, and the Hitcher presumably steals it. Jim and Maggie continue to Esteridge\'s home, but are pulled over by a cop.In a factual error in the script, the policemen sees a gun holster on Jim and begins to arrest him for it, but carrying a firearm through Texas in this fashion is not illegal. The same 18 wheeler, however, pulls up. The driver steps out, and appears to be the same driver as earlier. The cop says something to the effect of, "Earl, I\'m on business here," to which the driver replies, "Well hell, so am I!" and promptly shoots the cop with a revolver. The man slides his \'hair\' off his head, and we can see it to be the Hitcher , who scalped the driver and wore his hair as a disguise. Jim and Maggie get into the car. The Hitcher tries to grab Maggie and is dragged by the car before being forced out. The couple then arrive at the Esteridge residence late at night. They find Mrs. Esteridge dead in the house, and then go to investigate the barn, finding the captain dead in there. Cops suddenly swarm the residence, including what appears to be the newest sheriff. Jim and Maggie discover the Hitcher in the hayloft of the barn, but can\'t do much about it, since the Hitcher has a shotgun and they don\'t. The Hitcher fires a few shots at Maggie but hits Jim when he pushes her out of the way. The Hitcher picks off several officers, causing a hail of bullets to be fired on Jim and Maggie. Maggie drags Jim into a truck inside the barn. She drives off with him, evading the cops and the Hitcher. Jim tells her to kill the Hitcher ASAP, no matter what he says, and dies. Maggie falls asleep in the desert. When she wakes up she is knocked unconscious, presumably, by the hitcher. She then wakes up inside an abandoned water tower with Jack leering down at her. He tells her to look out, the tower isn\'t very sturdy, and leaves. Maggie escapes as the tower collapses, and takes the 18-wheeler truck that the Hitcher stole earlier to a remote gas station. She goes in, finding a clerk. After making a phone call and using a water pump out back to clean up she returns to find the clerk dead. She picks up a souvenir tomahawk, sees another dead clerk, and the Hitcher in the clerk\'s uniform. He acts uniformly normal, taunting her. She asks him why he\'s doing this, and he responds, "Sometimes you just get bored of watching television." Taking the tomahawk from Maggie he then cuts off his finger with the intention of blaming Maggie when the cops arrive. The cops arrive and the Hitcher fires at them with a shotgun. He is grabbed by the cops, as is Maggie as she pursues him, and he concocts a fake story where she killed the clerks and cops and cut off his finger. He calls himself \'Jack\' in the station, rather than Jim, which convinces Maggie he is the same man as 15 years before. Maggie is being transported to jail as the sheriff begins to have doubts about her guilt. While Maggie is being transported to jail the van is struck and knocked on its side by an excavator which the Hitcher jumps out of. Jack then takes a gun from the deputy and shoots and kills the deputy in the driver seat before going to the back and shooting and killing the two remaining cops in the van and freeing Maggie from the van by taking the cuff key from one of the deputies. He tosses the key and the revolver to her to make it appear that she killed all the policemen. The sheriff tries talking Maggie down thinking she killed the cops. He is, however, shot by Jack who then gets into a pickup truck. Maggie takes several bad shots at him, and he gets away. Realizing now that there is no way to prove her innocence, Maggie finally becomes aware that the only way to end all this is to kill Jack before the police find and kill her. Jack later pulls up to a tanker truck parked along the side of the road, kills the driver and takes the tanker truck. Maggie steals a mail carrier plane from a nearby airfield, and goes after Jack. They exchange gunfire, air to ground style, before Maggie kamikazes the plane into the truck. She escapes the fireball, as does the truck, which grinds to a halt. She approaches it and finds an unconscious Jack. She ties him up to the truck, . Jack wakes up and pleads not to kill him because he claims not to be the same person, but Maggie cares little, and places a bag of feed on the clutch, ripping it open with a knife, slowly causing the truck to roll forward. However, the police show up again. Still thinking that Maggie is responsible for all the killings, they free Jack and shoot Maggie in the leg as she attempts to enter the truck\'s cab. Predictably, as soon as he is free, Jack grabs a gun from the holster of one of the policemen and, in seconds, shoots and kills both cops. Maggie picks up a shotgun, aiming at him while limping away from Jack standing beside the truck. Jack taunts Maggie one last time by pointing his gun at her and saying: "Are you still scared?" Maggie replies: "No. I just don\'t want to get burned." Maggie aims the shotgun at the tanker, which is leaking flammable fluid caused from the crash. She fires a shotgun blast at the leak, igniting the fluid. The truck explodes, incinerating Jack and blowing him to pieces. The film then ends with Maggie dropping the shotgun to the ground and standing in the road facing the remains of the burning truck, relieved that Jack is finally dead. It is implied that Maggie still is on the run.'] ["The film opens just after world-famous opera singer Alice Alquist has been murdered. The perpetrator bolted, without the jewels he sought, after being interrupted by a child&mdash;Paula , Alice's niece, who was raised by her aunt following her mother's death. Paula is sent to Italy so that she can train to be an opera star with the same teacher who once trained Alice. She studies with him for years, all the while trying to forget that terrible night at Number 9 Thornton Square in London. Paula meets Gregory Anton  and soon falls in love with him. She eventually ends her long tutelage to marry him. He persuades her they should live in the long-vacant London townhouse her aunt bequeathed her and, to help calm her anxieties, suggests they store all of Alice's furnishings away in the attic. Before they do, Paula discovers a letter addressed to her aunt by a man named Sergius Bauer, dated only two days before the murder, tucked away in a music book. Gregory's reaction is swift and violent, but he quickly composes himself, explaining his outburst as one of frustration at the bad memories his bride is experiencing. After Alice's things are packed away in the attic and the door blocked, things take a turn for the bizarre. At the Tower of London, Paula loses a brooch that Gregory had given her, despite its having been stored safely in her handbag. A picture disappears from the walls of the house, and Gregory says that Paula took it, but Paula has no recollection of having done so. Paula also hears footsteps coming from above her, in the sealed attic, and sees the gaslights dim and brighten for no apparent reason. Gregory suggests that these are all figments of Paula's imagination.  Gregory does everything in his power to isolate his wife from other people. He allows her neither to go out nor to have visitors, implying he is doing so for her own good, because her nerves have been acting up, causing her to become a kleptomaniac and to imagine things that are not real. On the one occasion when he does take her out to a musical gathering at a friend's house, he shows Paula his watch chain, from which his watch has mysteriously disappeared. When he finds it in her handbag, she becomes hysterical, and Gregory takes her home. She sees why she should not go out in public. The young maid, Nancy , does little to improve the situation. Whenever she shows up, her face betrays a feeling of disdain; Paula becomes convinced that Nancy loathes her. Unknown to Paula, her husband is in fact Sergius Bauer, her aunt's murderer. He sought out Paula in Italy, managed to win her heart, married her, and suggested they live in London, all with the aim of getting back into the house to continue searching for Alice's jewels. He has been secretly rummaging through Alice's belongings in the attic to find the jewels he is certain are there. Gregory, the husband, does everything in his power to convince his wife that she is going mad. After she is certified insane and institutionalized, he can search without impediment for the jewels. The footsteps she hears in the attic are thus his, and the flickering gaslights he claims she has imagined are in reality caused by him turning the attic lights on, reducing the flow of gas to the downstairs lights. The plan almost works. Paula is saved by a chance encounter with a stranger at the Tower of London. He turns out to be Inspector Brian Cameron of Scotland Yard , an admirer of Alice Alquist since his childhood. By enlisting the support of the housekeeper Elizabeth   and a neighborhood busybody , Cameron is able to delve into the long-cold case. The dramatic conclusion comes as he moves in to arrest Gregory on the evening that Gregory at last discovers the jewels that he has sought for so long. The dénouement partly involves Paula indulging herself in a bit of revenge, psychologically torturing Gregory after he's been bound to a chair, tantalizing him with the suggestion that she might free him so he can escape arrest, trial, and execution."] ['Kate Coleman  and her husband John  are experiencing strains in their marriage after their third child was stillborn. The loss is particularly hard on Kate, who is also recovering from alcoholism. The couple decides to adopt a 9-year-old Russian girl, Esther , from the local orphanage. While Kate and John\'s deaf-mute daughter Max  embraces Esther almost immediately, their son Daniel  is less welcoming. Kate becomes suspicious that there might be problems in Esther\'s background when Esther expresses far more knowledge of sex than expected of a child her age. Her suspicions deepen when Esther seriously injures another girl at a local park. While she initially believes Esther\'s claim that it was an accident, Kate is further alarmed when Sister Abigail , the head of the orphanage, warns her and John that bad things always seem to happen when Esther is around. Esther overhears this and, as Sister Abigail is leaving in her car, Esther pushes Max into its path, forcing her to swerve off the road. Sister Abigail rushes to see if Max is hurt, but Esther kills her with a hammer, then convinces Max to help her hide the weapon in their treehouse. Kate is convinced that something is very wrong with Esther, but John does not believe her. Attempting to find out more about Esther, Kate finds the girl\'s hidden Bible and discovers that it came from the Saarne Institute in Estonia, which she eventually learns is a mental hospital. She {{nowrap}} a picture of Esther to them and asks for more information. That night, Max shows a drawing explaining what Esther did to Sister Abigail. When Daniel learns about Sister Abigail\'s death from Max, he tells her of his plan to retrieve the hammer to prove Esther\'s guilt. However, Esther overhears their conversation and confronts Daniel as he searches the treehouse, setting it ablaze and locking Daniel inside in an attempt to kill him and destroy the evidence. Daniel falls to the ground trying to escape, and is knocked unconscious. Esther attempts to finish him off with a rock, but Max stops her. While Daniel is hospitalized from his fall, Esther slips into his room and smothers him with a pillow, stopping his heart, but doctors quickly revive him. Kate, realizing what happened, attacks Esther, but orderlies help John restrain her. As John takes Esther and Max home, doctors sedate Kate. That night, Esther preps up herself and tries to seduce a drunken John, who finally believes Kate was right and threatens to send Esther back to the orphanage. Meanwhile, as Kate is coming out of sedation, she receives a call from a doctor at the Saarne Institute, who reveals that Esther is actually a 33-year-old woman named Leena Klammer. She has hypopituitarism, a condition that stunted her physical growth, and has spent most of her life posing as a little girl. The doctor tells Kate that Leena is extremely violent and has murdered at least seven people, and that she bears scars on her neck and wrists, which Esther always kept covered, received while trying to escape her strait jacket. Among her victims were a family that adopted her in Estonia, whom she killed because the father rejected her sexual advances. Leena flies into a rage after being spurned by John, and ransacks her room. Then, after removing the makeup, false teeth, and body wrappings that enhanced her illusion as youthful "Esther", Leena kills him with a knife. Max witnesses this, and hides. Kate, unable to get John on the phone, rushes home and finds him dead. Leena gets a gun from John\'s safe and shoots Kate in the arm, then goes searching for Max, finding her in the greenhouse. While Leena shoots at Max, Kate crawls onto the greenhouse roof, breaks through the glass above Leena, and lands on her, knocking her out. Kate takes the gun and leaves the greenhouse with Max. Leena regains consciousness and finds Kate and Max outside near a frozen pond. Leena lunges at Kate, knocking the gun out of Kate\'s hand and hurling them both onto the ice. As Max watches from a hill above, she picks up the gun and tries to shoot Leena, but hits and shatters the ice instead, causing Kate and Leena to drop into the water. After a brief struggle, Kate climbs partially out of the pond with Leena desperately clinging to her legs. Leena, hiding a knife behind her back and reverting to her little-girl persona, begs Kate not to let her die. Kate angrily responds that she is not her mother, and kicks Leena in the face, breaking her neck and sending her sinking back into the pond. Max and Kate are met by the police moments after. The end.'] ['Freakshow portrays a gang of thieves, working as security guards in a traveling carnival, who plot to steal their rich owner\'s fortune. Lucy, one of the thieves, attempts to take the fortune by herself by seducing the Boss and marrying him. The youngest member of the Freakshow stumbles across a few of the gang members stealing food and she is murdered by the thieves. When the murder is discovered, the freaks plot revenge. In a variety of gruesome ways, the thieves are murdered by the freaks. Lucy attempts to escape punishment by swearing her love for the carnival Boss. The freaks "spare" her by giving her a freakshow "act" which will make her a full member of their troop. They mutilate her, cut out her tongue, sew her mouth shut, strip her flesh, and cut off her limbs small parts at a time and finally display her in the Freakshow Gallery as "The Worm Girl". This film is rated R for gore and nudity.'] ["The film opens in Los Angeles International Airport where fans and haters of heavy metal singer Slade Craven ([[John Mann  gather up. Craven will perform his farewell concert on a Boeing 747 operated TransCon Airlines flight 619, which will be flying from Los Angeles to Toronto, and the concert is scheduled to be broadcast over the internet. The FAA has received threats that they had better allow this concert to take place. Erica Black Monika Schnarre is a news anchor who is on the airplane with her cameraman Ethan , covering the concert. The fans board the plane and later Craven and his band get on while the crew checks everything. During the safety demonstration, the fans do not pay attention and they cheer saying Craven many times. For the past two years, FBI agent Kate Hayden  has been after hacker Nick Watts , who has gained access to the live broadcast of the concert. After having snacks, Craven and his band start the concert and perform “Gun Love” and do tricks. Later when Craven is backstage at the first class toilet, an unknown person corners him and assumes his personality. The anonymous person then kills Craven's manager. When Kate arrives at Nick's home, they both see something that they never thought was supposed to be part of the broadcast. Craven kills captain Collins and takes the airplane hostage. Kate places a call and tells fellow agent Frank Garner and his partner Dave Barrett to check it out. Garner and Barrett head to the offices of Z-Web-TV, the company that's broadcasting the concert and it is the same company that Erica works for, and the company is run by Benny Mitchell. When Barrett calls the FAA tower in San Diego and talks to Mr. Stopnow, the head of the tower and his staff, an explosion splinters the tower, killing everyone in there. Garner and Barrett think that Craven has accomplices on the ground. Kate and Nick use Nick's equipment to figure out who the hostage taker is and later find out that he is not the real Slade Craven, but an impostor named Simon Flanders (also played by Mann; voice by , and it is revealed that he was the anonymous person who cornered Craven and abducted him by tying up and locked him in a room in the cargo hold, and the room has a computer in it. They then find more information that Simon is a member of a Satanic Cult called Guardians of the Gateway, who see themselves as the vanguard of the Antichrist who will rule the next millennium. He learns that Simon was previously suspected of murder and charged with 5 counts of Arson with all of the charges dropped due to insufficient evidence. The plane strays off its normal flight path, and is heading toward Stull, Kansas, because there is a small church there that Simon and his accomplices from the cult plan to crash the airplane in, because they believe that Satan will be released by the crash. Nick checks the internet and finds research that when the Pope visited Colorado in 1996, he refused to fly over Eastern Kansas, because this part of Kansas is said to be one of the most unholiest places in the world. It turns out that Erica, who is a high-ranking member of Guardians of the Gateway is the mastermind. Erica organized the whole plan to take the airplane hostage, and the co-pilot, MacIntosh’s  assignment is to crash the airplane into the church. After using the computer to talk to Kate and Nick, Craven manages to free himself and as he is about to leave, Simon enters and the two converse. A fight follows and Craven knocks Simon unconscious. He gets out of the hold, and heads to the auditorium wherein backstage, he finds Erica whom he engages in a hand to hand combat where he disarms her of a gun and knocks her to the electric chair prop which he wires, killing her. He then sees his guitarist, Damen, dead. He goes to the cockpit and finds MacIntosh, who tells him his plan to crash the plane and commits suicide. Realizing that no pilot is left to fly the plane, Craven takes the controls. The fans and the two remaining band members are in despair in the economy class cabin as Craven is guided by the Kansas City International Airport control tower along with Nick and Kate to land the plane. Simon enters the cockpit again and intervenes. Craven engages him in a hand to hand combat while the plane goes into a dive. The two land in the main cabin where Simon is about to stab Craven but Craven manages to disarm him by using a fire extinguisher and subdue him by locking him in the first class toilet and blocks the door with a service trolley. The flight reaches Kansas in a stormy weather and Craven lands the plane safely at Kansas City International Airport. Everyone in the plane applauds. Nick and Kate, the Z-Web-TV, FBI, and Kansas Airport controllers also celebrate. Nick is apprehended and the FBI agents are congratulated. As the plane is surrounded by emergency vehicles, the fans, crew, and the band disembark. One of the fans, Jen Shore  is given the chance to share on camera what has happened. After that, Craven disembarks and is congratulated and cheered by everyone and the film ends."] ['{{plot}} While driving at night along the San Francisco coast, architect-developer Dan Merrick  and his wife Judith  are involved in a violent car wreck. Judith is thrown clear, but Dan sustains major facial injuries and significant brain trauma, resulting in total amnesia. After extensive plastic surgery, Dan returns home in the care of his wife Judith. Frustrated by his lack of memory, Dan relies on those close to him to help him restore his past, including his business partner Jeb Scott  and Jeb\'s wife Jenny , who appears to know more than she lets on. While recovering, Dan has frequent flashbacks of imagery he believes to be events that led up to his fateful car crash. As days go by, Dan finds discrepancies in the stories he hears about his "former self". At one point, he stumbles upon photographs showing Judith sleeping with another man. Dan asks Jeb if his marriage was in trouble before the crash, and Jeb confirms as much. At his office, Dan finds an expensive bill he paid to a pet store, and follows up by visiting its proprietor, Gus Klein . Gus informs him that the payment was actually for services he provided as a private investigator, which he moonlights as. Gus tells Dan he hired him to tail his wife Judith, and that his investigation had revealed she was indeed cheating on him with a man named Jack Stanton . Despite Gus\' advice to let it go, Dan intensifies his efforts to find the truth. He overhears Judith arranging a meeting with Jack Stanton, and promptly follows her. Judith stops at the site of an old shipwreck, which is apparently slated for removal by Dan\'s company to make way for a high profile land development. Assuming the wreck is a key in remembering his past, Dan has its removal postponed. One night, Jeb\'s wife Jenny tells Dan there is significantly more to his accident than he\'s aware of. Citing medical evidence and knowledge of the affair, Jenny accuses Judith of planning the accident to eliminate Dan, freeing her to pursue her relationship with Stanton. Now more suspicious than ever, Dan works with Gus to keep tabs his wife with wiretaps. After intercepting a communication between Judith and Stanton, Dan and Gus tail Judith to the hotel where she is to meet with him. Stanton leaves minutes after arriving, and a chase ensues through a heavily wooded area. After shots are fired from Stanton\'s car, Dan and Gus crash and Stanton escapes. Gus warns Dan to remain vigilant, and lends him a revolver for protection. That evening, Stanton\'s car arrives at Dan\'s home. Fearing the worst, Dan arms himself and lies in wait. At gunpoint, the intruder is revealed to actually be Dan\'s wife Judith disguised as Jack Stanton. Judith hastily explains that Jack Stanton is actually dead, and that Dan killed him the night of the accident. According to Judith, she had intended to stop the affair with Stanton, but Dan murdered him before knowing this. Judith goes on to explain that she and Dan decided to cover up the murder by disposing Stanton\'s body in the shipwreck, and that she had hidden these facts to protect her husband. However, when Dan reveals he postponed the ship\'s removal, Judith becomes hysterical and suggests they both should flee. Dan receives a frantic phone call from Jenny imploring him to see her. Upon arriving, Dan finds Jenny dead, and is confronted at gunpoint by Gus, who intercepted Jenny\'s call via the planted wiretaps. Gus explains he now thinks Dan indeed murdered Jack Stanton, and threatens to call the police. Pleading for his life, Dan convinces Gus to visit the shipwreck, so that they can find the remains of the body that will either vindicate or condemn him. Dan and Gus search the shipwreck, finding a chemical storage container. After opening the container, Dan dredges up a body of a man that looks exactly like himself—Dan Merrick. In a moment of clarity brought on by this shocking development, Dan suddenly realizes he is not Dan Merrick—he is, in truth, Jack Stanton. Flooded with flashbacks, Jack pieces together the real events that led up to the accident: An abusive Dan confronted his wife Judith with evidence of her infidelity. She called Jack for help, and Jack raced to her home, arriving moments too late to prevent her from shooting and killing her husband. Jack believed they should go to the police, but Judith convinced him to cover up the murder and hide Dan\'s body in the ship. After hiding the body, Jack told Judith he wanted out of the relationship. This angered Judith, and while distracted, she drove the two into the spectacular car wreck that began the tale. Now knowing the truth, Gus observes that Judith had banked on the chemicals in the ship dissolving Dan\'s body, but because it was actually Formaldehyde, she had ironically preserved the body instead of destroying it. He suggests the two leave, but is shot by Judith, who had followed them unsuspectingly. Judith forces Jack to leave at gunpoint. With Jack in the passenger seat, Judith drives erratically down the same stretch of road the two did the night of the accident. She claims she hid the real facts from Jack so that he\'d have plausible deniability, and for his own peace of mind. The night of the crash, plastic surgeons simply assumed the man she was with was her husband Dan, since he and Jack shared the same build. She went along with this mistaken identity, and nursed Jack back to health as her husband Dan. Distracted by a police helicopter Judith loses control of the gun to Dan. Out of options, Judith decides to kill both of them in a suicidal car crash, but Jack rolls out at the last second, while she plummets to her death on the shoreline below. The police helicopter lands, and an injured—but alive—Gus Klein emerges. The police pilot calls Jack "Dan", asking him if he\'s OK. Jack doesn\'t correct him, and he and Gus walk back to the copter.'] ["Retired thief Roy Egan  gets involved into a jewelry heist with his youngest brother Lee  and his wheelman Skip Kovich . While they hide out in Palm Springs, Lee gets murdered, and Roy heads off to Los Angeles to track down his brother's killer.{{cite news}}"] ['A couple, Carter and Meghan, decide that they should hire a live-in sitter so that they can both work and support their two children, Max and Casey. Abby Reed answers their advertisement and they move her in immediately. After some initial rough spots with the kids, the family warms to Abby.Review at Dreadcentral'] ["The infamous and cruel aristocrat, Sir Hugo Baskerville , is hosting a party at Baskerville Hall, when a dead man's daughter escapes from the mansion, angry at Baskerville for treating her badly. In spite his friends' warnings, Baskerville pursues her throughout the moor and stabs her to death in the nearby abbey ruins. However, a huge dog-like creature suddenly appears and kills Baskerville. From then on, the hound of hell has become known as the Hound of the Baskervilles and, any strange night a Baskerville is alone on the moor, the hound will come and kill him. Several centuries later, the death of Sir Charles Baskerville is being reported by his best friend Dr. Richard Mortimer  to Sherlock Holmes  and Dr. Watson , who are willing to meet the new owner of Baskerville Hall, Sir Henry . After meeting Sir Henry, Holmes remembers that he is going to be away on the day Sir Henry arrives at Baskerville Hall, so he puts Watson in charge of watching over him. A tarantula attacks Sir Henry briefly; Holmes suspects foul play. Before he leaves, Holmes reminds Watson to not let Sir Henry go out onto the moor at dark. On the way to Baskerville Hall, the coach driver Perkins  warns of a convict named Selden  has escaped from nearby Dartmoor Prison two days ago. Watson recalls Seldon's case about Seldon murdering a number of street women; plus due to some talk of him being insane, he was sentenced to life imprisonment instead of hanging. While at Baskerville Hall, Watson meets a man named Stapleton  and his daughter Cecille , who save him from sinking into the Grippen Mire. Cecille seems to act strangely around both Sir Henry and Watson. At night, Watson sees a light shining out upon the moor, and starts to suspect something is going on. He and Sir Henry investigate the mysterious light. While out upon the moor, the Baskerville hound howls, causing Sir Henry to suffer from heart problems. As they leave, a strange man rushes past. The two pursue the man, but he gets away; they go back to Baskerville Hall. Soon, Watson discovers that the strange man was actually Holmes in disguise; Holmes had arrived hours after Watson did. They find out that the convict, Selden is actually the butler Barrymore's brother-in-law, was the one signaling with the light the other night, and that Barrymore and his wife were the ones returning the signal. Several events occur, such as Sir Henry being invited to dinner by Cecille and Stapleton, the hound mistakenly killing Selden because Selden is wearing Sir Henry's clothes, and finally Holmes' almost being trapped inside an old mine while investigating. Cecille takes Sir Henry out to the moor one night. By now, Holmes has solved the case: The Stapletons are actually illegitimate descendants of Sir Hugo, and are next in line to get the Baskerville fortune and mansion if all of the Baskervilles are killed off. Cecile has taken Sir Henry out onto the moor so that he may be killed by the hound - an actual, living dog bought by Stapleton, not a ghost as many were led to believe. Holmes and Watson rush out just on time to hear Cecile reveal her intentions to a horrified Sir Henry. Stapleton appears and attacks from behind, but in turn is shot in the side by Watson. The hound of the Baskervilles suddenly appears and attacks the group but desists when shot by Holmes; Stapleton is then mauled to death by the animal. Cecille flees while Holmes kills the beast, revealing it to be a normal dog with a mask on to make it look more terrifying. Cecile accidentally falls into the mire and slowly sinks to her death. Holmes and Watson take a shocked Sir Henry back to Baskerville Hall, as the case is solved."] ["Grant is an accountant with a bad marriage and a daughter whom he loves. He takes to the road to service his accounts in Las Vegas. While there he meets seductive Marissa. They have a week-long affair which culminates in the arrival of Marissa's ex-boyfriend, Joey. Joey attempts to kill the lovers, but Grant gets the upper hand and in turn kills Joey. Grant and Marissa then drive Joey's body to Zyzzyx Road and Grant buries Joey in the desert there. The next morning, the body is missing and something is trying to kill Grant and Marissa."] ['An Anglo-American family, Helen and Paul Curtis  and their daughters Jan  and Ellie , move into a manor. Mrs. Aylwood , the owner of the residence, notices that Jan bears a striking resemblance to her daughter, Karen, who disappeared inside a chapel near the village 30 years previously. Jan begins to see strange blue lights in the woods, triangles and glowing objects. Eventually, Ellie goes to buy a puppy she names "Nerak" . After seeing the reflection of the name "Nerak" , Jan finds out about the mystery of Mrs. Aylwood\'s missing daughter. Several strange occurrences appear, beginning with Mrs. Aylwood saving Jan after she falls into a pond looking at a blue circle, and ending with Jan finding a man named John, who explains that Karen did disappear but has not died. He tells her that in a seance-like ceremony, Karen disappeared after lightning struck the tower and a bell fell on top of her. They find out that the disappearance of Karen is linked to a solar eclipse. Jan figures out she needs to repeat the sequence through the strange possession of Ellie. In the chapel, something possesses Ellie and explains the accidental switch that took place 30 years ago. Ellie explains that Karen was taken to another dimension, while an alien-like being, the Watcher, came to earth. The Watcher then appears independently as a pillar of light, fueled by the "circle of friendship". It engulfs Jan and lifts her into the air, but Jan\'s friend Mike Fleming  intercedes and pulls her away before the Watcher disappears. At the same time, the eclipse ends and Karen, still the same age as when she disappeared, reappears &ndash; still blindfolded. She removes the blindfold as her mother enters the chapel.'] ['A group of grifters rip off their latest mark and celebrate, while de facto leader of the group Jake Vig  explains the art of the con. When one of the four  is found shot to death, the other three learn that the latest money they stole actually belonged to a local L.A. crime lord called The King . Jake proposes that the grifters work for the King and steal money from Morgan Price , a rival who owns a bank. Jake enlists the aid of his remaining partners, Gordo  and Miles , and also convinces an independent con artist named Lily  to round out their foursome. The King, a ruthless killer who suffers from ADHD, demands that one of his men, Lupus , also come along. The con involves bribing a bank vice president into wiring money offshore. The plan hits a snag when Special Agent Gunther Butan  shows up in L.A., looking to finally bust Jake, whom he has followed for years. Butan forces corrupt LAPD detectives Omar Manzano  and Lloyd Whitworth  to switch their allegiance from Jake to him. After hearing about Butan\'s arrival, a nervous Jake pulls the plug on the whole con. He screams at Lily, making her walk out. Lupus gets Jake to reconsider nixing the con, hinting that The King will torture and kill the grifters if the plan falls short. The con is back on, though now without Lilly\'s help. The bribed bank VP wires the money to Gordo in Belize. Gordo brings it to Ontario Airport, where he is met by both Butan and The King\'s men, both sides after the $5 million in a duffle bag. Butan arrests The King and confiscates the money. Gordo disappears. Lupus, thinking the King has the money, reveals he was the one who killed Jake\'s grifter friend. Lupus holds Jake at gunpoint, but is shot by Travis , a henchman for Morgan Price. It turns out that when Lily walked out, she went straight to Price himself and revealed the entire con, which was taking place that minute. Price told Travis to locate Jake and find out exactly how the con was engineered, to stop such a thing from ever happening again. Travis takes Jake to an abandoned lot and forces him to explain the entire story. A furious Lily takes out a gun and kills Jake. Travis demands that he and Lily both disappear immediately. Minutes later, Butan arrives in a car and Jake sits up from a pool of blood, unharmed. The final parts of the con are revealed. Lily\'s "quitting" was faked -- a set-up to confuse Lupus. Butan is actually an old confidant of Jake\'s. He managed to "confiscate" the money and arrest The King at the same time. Butan has the money and it\'s split five ways. Jake was wearing squibs to fake his own death in the lot. In the end, everyone was in on everything except for The King and Lupus , Price and Travis , and the two corrupt LAPD detectives, who have been arrested. The four grifters reunite and celebrate.'] ["The film opens in the 1940s, when young twins Jane and Beth Hudson are famous child stars and play mostly the same roles, despite the fact that they have completely similar personalities. Jane is persistent about making a career and dominates her shy sister Blanche, who spends most of her time trying to please her other halve. Nevertheless, after following some acting lesses, Blanche became a bigger star as soon as they grew up, and the public eventually forgot about Jane. Nowadays, the sisters are living together in a large mansion. According to tabloids, Jane grew jealous of Blanche's fame and tried to kill her, but the 'accident' only resulted in paralyzing her. Blanche relives her fame due to her films being showed on television, while Jane's films are unavailable. Jane lacks in caring about her sisters well-being, and spends most of her day trying to look as youthful as possible, even though neighbors see her as a clown because of her extensive use of make-up and childish clothing. She is reluctant to bond with her neighbors Connie and Frank, who are very open about their adoration for Blanche. Blanche realizes that her sister has mental problems, and worries when she finds out that she has started drinking alcohol again, as well as turning her fan mail into hate mail. Her massage therapist Dominick worries that Jane might have find out that she is selling the house and is therefore acting out. One of Jane's many ways to torture Blanche, includes cutting her hair too short, and putting worms in her food. Meanwhile, she is trying to work on a comeback, and goes to a video store in an attempt to retrieve one of her old films. Billy Korn, the store's owner, is impressed with meeting a film star, and Jane, flattered by the attention, allows him to take her out. As an aspiring filmmaker, Billy suggests that they should work together on a project, and Jane in return kisses him. Back at home, Blanche tries to warn her doctor that Jane has stopped taking her pills, though Jane overhears the conversation and physically attacks her. Blanche now realizes that her sister has lost control and tries to get out of the house, screaming for help, but Jane forces her to a room and withholds her from any possibility of outside contact. Later that day, Jane meets with Billy - who is now being blackmailed for having photographed two underage boys naked for a magazine spread - to discuss their project. She is bothered by Blanche though, he now complains about being afraid to eat her dinner, because she fears that Jane has poisoned it. She tries to explain to Jane that she should not murder her, because there would not be any cheques coming in anymore, and Jane would be locked away. Jane calmly leaves the room and then locks the door. Downstairs, she learns that Billy has arranged for her to perform on stage again, but only if she appears with her sister. Grateful, she drops him off in Hollywood at night, though has a manic episode after he leaves, and oversees Billy interacting with his blackmailers. Meanwhile, Blanche has made an audio tape calling out for help, which she throws in her neighbor's garden the following morning. She then finds out that Jane has forged her signature in an attempt to retrieve all the money that her sister is being owed. If successful, it would mean that there is no reason for having her around anymore, which worries Blanche. She tries to get out of the mansion, but falls from the stairs and loses consciousness. Jane, who has returned home, finds the audio tape and tries to hide Blanche's unconscious body as she finds it at the bottom of the stairs. Dominick arrives sometime later for a session, forces himself into Blanche's room and finds her tied up. Dominick tries to save her, but is stabbed in the back with scissors by Jane. She is almost caught by Billy while trying to get rid of his body. At the end, Jane prepares herself for her second debut, and finds out on stage that Billy is posing in drag as Blanche. Jane is ridiculed by the audience and bursts out in tears. Jane gets into a manic rage and, upon returning home, she stabs Billy  to death. Afterwards, she turns to Blanche, who by now is severely dehydrated and deprived from food. Blanche admits that at the night she was paralyzed, she was driving herself, though never cleared Jane from her guilt because she hated her at the time. She then apologizes for never telling her the truth, and for a moment they are happy together. The police arrives sometime later to arrest Jane, and by then, Blanche has already lost consciousness. While the police tries to save her, Jane walks into the ocean in an attempt to commit suicide."] ['King, living in Rome churning out one noir book after another, is offered an abnormally large sum to ghostwrite the autobiography of a mystery celebrity. The intrigued King agrees and is transported to a remote island  where he meets his subject, Preston Gilbert , a one-time movie star known for playing gangsters and notorious for hanging out with real-life mobsters off the set. Now dying of cancer, Gilbert wants King to jot down his life story before he dies. However, the star is murdered at a party, leaving King with no conclusion to his tale. Playing detective like the heroes of his stories, King pieces together the mystery.'] ['Taking place in the early 1980s and set in the context of the Vietnam War POW/MIA issue, retired Marine Colonel Jason Rhodes  is obsessed with finding his son Frank, listed as "Missing In Action" since 1972. After ten years of searching Southeast Asia and turning up several leads, Rhodes believes that Frank is still alive and being kept in Laos as a prisoner of war. After petitioning the United States government for help, but receiving none, Colonel Rhodes brings together a disparate group of Vietnam War veterans, including some who were a part of Frank\'s platoon: Wilkes , a "tunnel rat" who suffers from PTSD; "Blaster," a demolitions expert ; and "Sailor," a mental case with a heart of gold . Additionally, two helicopter pilots, Distinguished Flying Cross recipient Johnson  and Charts  join the group. Former Force Recon Marine Kevin Scott  joins the team and later turns out to be the son of a pilot who was shot down in Vietnam and listed as "MIA." With the financial backing of rich oil businessman McGregor  , the men train near Galveston, Texas before embarking on their trip to the Laos camp in an attempt to bring back the POWs. However, the CIA, fearing an international crisis from Rhodes\' actions, intercepts him in Bangkok and confiscates his weapons and equipment. Still determined to rescue their comrades, the team members put together their expense money given to them by McGregor, and Rhodes contacts an acquaintance of his, deposed local drug baron Jiang , who joins the expedition with his two daughters Lai Fun  and Mai Lin  and manages to supply them with outdated but capable World War II weapons. In the course of the expedition Charts gradually forms a relationship with Lai Fun. Near the Laotian border, the group is attacked by a border patrol and Mai Lin is killed. Later the group divides: Rhodes leads Charts, Sailor, Johnson and Lai Fun to a helicopter compound to secure escape transportation, while the rest of the team scouts out the prison camp. They find four Americans among the prisoners but are unable to ascertain Frank\'s presence among them. The teams spend the night with preparations, and the next morning they commence the attack. In a heated battle they manage to spring the prisoners, among them McGregor\'s son, but Frank is not among them and Blaster, Sailor and Jiang are killed in the process. From McGregor, Rhodes has to learn that his son went sick soon after his capture and died, despite McGregor\'s best efforts. The returners are joyously welcomed by their families, and Rhodes finds that in learning the fate of his son he has gained some closure for himself and his wife.'] ["When bank teller Ryan  meets beautiful but icy business executive Angelica  he becomes instantly infatuated with her. He stumbles upon the perfect opportunity to spy on her when he is hired by Dolores  as a part-time maintenance man and moves into an apartment across the street from Angelica. He uses his position and his apartment's view to start spying on her, and slowly inserts himself into Angelica's life. Angelica turns on him and Ryan slits his wrists in the bathtub in despair. When items from Ryan's apartment begin explicitly appearing in Angelica's apartment, Dolores becomes suspicious of Angelica, especially when Angelica visits the apartment building and produces a memento from Dolores' late son."] ['Jack Grimaldi, a corrupt cop who does favors for the Mafia in exchange for large fees, has a loving wife, Natalie, and an adoring mistress, Sheri. He thinks he has it all, until both the cops and mob are outwitted by a sociopathic Russian mob assassin named Mona Demarkov. The head of the Italian mob, Don Falcone, orders Jack to deal with Demarkov or face dire consequences. Jack is unable to kill her; she even seduces and makes a fool of him. Falcone, disappointed in Jack\'s ineptitude, orders one of Jack\'s toes cut off. Seriously injured due to the amputation and realizing that he has endangered his wife and mistress, Jack instructs his wife to leave the city immediately, giving her money and instructions where to meet him out West when the time is right. Jack also ends his affair with his mistress and puts her on a train out of the city. Jack tries to hunt Demarkov but soon realizes that he is putty in her hands. He is attracted to her sexually and no match for her professionally. Mona offers to pay Jack to help her eliminate Falcone and fake her own death. Although he obtains phony papers for her, she refuses to pay and attempts to strangle him. He shoots and seriously wounds her, then tries to drive away with her handcuffed in the back seat. Mona escapes by hooking her legs around his neck, causing him to crash the car. She slithers out through the shattered windshield without ever freeing her hands. Mona lures Jack to an abandoned warehouse. He again attempts to kill her but is tricked into shooting Sheri instead. Mona fixes the corpse so as to suggest that it was she, and not Sheri, who died.  Mona then handcuffs Jack to the bed and has her way with him. Asking Jack, "with or without", he replies "without" and she mounts him after unbuckling her new prosthetic arm, her last concession to conventional appearances. Demarkov then forces Jack to kill Don Falcone, burying him alive, even after having her arm replaced with a prosthetic. She proceeds to turn in Jack to the police, his former associates, copping a plea deal that will indict Jack for the multiple murders that she tricked him into committing. The police arrange a confrontation between Jack and Demarkov at the courthouse, as he is heading in and she is heading out. She threatens to kill his wife. Thinking he has nothing to lose, and desperate to save the only thing good in his life, Jack grabs a gun from the ankle holster of a fellow officer and shoots her down. Jack turns the gun on himself, only to discover that the revolver is empty. Instead of being sent to prison for the murder, he is given a commendation. This frees him to begin a new life out West in a remote town. He waits at the appointed time and place, imagining Natalie\'s return to him, but her forgiveness is only in his mind.'] ["16-year-old Gail Osborne is a typical high school student with a passion for photography. Six months ago, she and her parents moved from San Francisco to a smaller town due to her father Neil's claim the city was too dangerous following a burglary. Gail, a high spirited romantic, initially started dating classmate E.K. Miller, but he broke off their relationship because Gail was unwilling to sleep with him. Now, Gail is dating Steve Pastorinis, despite her overprotective mother's objections. After a while, she receives an anonymous letter which says: I am watching you. Gail thinks the letter is creepy, but is convinced by her best friend Allison Bremer that it is a practical joke from some student. However, when the gorier notes and phone calls keep coming, Gail decides to warn her principal, who informs her it could be the act of her current or former boyfriend. One day, Gail tries to tell her mother Anne about the stalking, but Anne is too busy to pay attention. Therefore, Gail ditches school and heads to San Francisco to visit her father at work. There, she finds out her father has been fired. Back home, she confronts her mother with this, who demands her to keep silent so Neil will not feel ashamed. Gail realizes more serious matters are going on in life and decides to no longer pay attention to the notes and phone calls. One night, she is babysitting the children of Jessica Hirsch, who is dating Gail's teacher Chris Elden. She receives a phone call from the same stalker, asking: Are you in the house alone? Afraid, Gail locks the door, until later Allison's boyfriend Phil Lawver stops by. Phil reveals himself to be Gail's stalker and rapes her. Due to the trauma, Gail is hospitalized and refuses to return to school. Her father is outraged at Phil, but finds out they can not sue him because Phil's father is a close friend of the local judge. The fact Gail recently lost her virginity to Steve also plays a role. Gail is eventually encouraged by her teacher Malevich not to be afraid any longer and she returns to school. There, she finds out another girl is receiving the same creepy notes. Determined to stop Phil, she attempts to catch him with her photo camera. Phil, however, is on to her and attempts to beat her up, but he is caught by Steve. In the end, Phil pleads guilty to assault but is not charged with rape. He has since disappeared, and one rumour has it he is in a boarding school in New Hampshire."] ['Working with his three friends at their new software development company Skullbocks, Stanford graduate Milo Hoffman  is contacted by CEO Gary Winston  of NURV  for a very attractive programming position: a fat paycheck, an almost-unrestrained working environment, and extensive creative control over his work. Accepting Winston\'s offer, Hoffman and his girlfriend, Alice Poulson , move to NURV headquarters in Portland, Oregon. Despite development of the flagship product  being well on schedule, Hoffman soon becomes suspicious of the excellent source code Winston personally provides to him, seemingly when needed most, while refusing to divulge the code\'s origin. After his best friend, Teddy Chin , is murdered, Hoffman discovers that NURV is stealing the code they need from programmers around the world &mdash; including Chin &mdash; and then killing them to cover their tracks. Hoffman learns that not only does NURV employ an extensive surveillance system to observe and steal code, the company has infiltrated the Justice Department and most of the mainstream media. Even his girlfriend is a plant, an ex-con hired by the company to manipulate him. While searching through a secret NURV database containing surveillance dossiers on employees, he finds that the company has information of a very personal nature about a friend and co-worker, Lisa Calighan . When he reveals to her that the company has this information, she agrees to help him expose NURV\'s crimes to the world. Coordinating with one of Hoffman\'s friends  from his old startup, they plan to use a local public-access television station to hijack Synapse and broadcast their charges against NURV to the world. However, Calighan turns out to be a double agent, foils Hoffman\'s plan, and turns him over to Winston. Hoffman had already confronted Poulson and convinced her to side with him against Winston and NURV. When it became clear that Hoffman had not succeeded, a backup plan is put into motion by Poulson, the fourth member of Skullbocks , and the incorruptible internal security firm hired by NURV. As Winston prepares to kill Hoffman, the second team successfully usurps one of NURV\'s own work centers &mdash; "Building 21" &mdash; and transmits the incriminating evidence as well as the Synapse code. Winston and his entourage are publicly arrested for their crimes. After parting ways with the redeemed Poulson, Hoffman rejoins Skullbocks.  {{multiple image | footer  Tim Robbins close up Tiff 08.jpg | width1  Bill Gates World Economic Forum 2007.jpg | width2 "ebert" /> Ebert wasn\'t alone making these observations; parallels between the fictional and real-world software giants were also drawn by Lisa Bowman of ZDNet UK,{{cite web}} and Rita Kempley of the The Washington Post.'] ['{{Plot}} Aircraft factory worker Barry Kane  is wrongly accused of starting a fire at a Glendale, California airplane plant during World War II, an act of fifth columnist sabotage that killed his friend Mason. Kane believes that the real culprit is a man named Fry  who had handed him a fire extinguisher filled with gasoline, at the plant when the fire broke out, causing Mason\'s death. When the investigators find no one named “Fry” on the list of plant workers, they assume Kane is the real saboteur. They visit the home of Mason\'s mother, to ask if she knows where Kane is, but he has gone to get her some brandy, in an attempt to ease her suffering from the loss of her son. They come back as he returns, but she tells him to leave, breaking down in tears. Kane and Mason had seen Fry\'s name on an envelope the saboteur had dropped before the fire, so Kane heads to the address, a ranch in the High Desert, catching a ride from a garrulous truck driver. The ranch owner, Charles Tobin , appears to be a well-respected citizen, playing in the pool with his granddaughter, although it is later revealed that he is secretly in league with the saboteurs. The granddaughter hands some mail to Kane, when Tobin goes indoors to call the sheriff to arrest Kane. He returns to gloat, seeing Kane returning the letters, but Kane escapes on horseback, although he doesn\'t make it very far. In handcuffs, on the way to town, Kane manages to escape from the police, at a bridge blocked by the same truckdriver\'s vehicle. Kane escapes by jumping off the bridge, and manages to tumble one of the searching sheriff\'s officers into the river. The helpful truck driver misdirects the searchers, then watches as Kane climbs out of the river below on the other side of the bridge. Kane takes refuge with a kind blind man whose visiting niece is a billboard model, Patricia "Pat" Martin . Although her uncle asks her to take Kane to the local blacksmith shop to have his handcuffs removed, she instead attempts to take him to the police, believing it is the right thing to do. Despite her attempt to control Kane by wrapping his handcuffed arms around the steering wheel, Kane manages to turn the tables and kidnaps Martin, protesting his innocence to her. When she stops the car, and gets out, threatening to stop the first car that comes by, he uses the fan-belt pulley of her car\'s generator to cut off his handcuffs, causing the car to overheat shortly after. They arrive in the abandoned Soda City and stumble into an abandoned mine building, which turns out to be a staging area for the saboteurs\' plan to blow up Boulder Dam. Kane is discovered by the saboteurs, but he manages to conceal Martin, and he convinces them the newspaper and radio accounts are true, that he is, in fact, a saboteur in league with them. After finding their plans to destroy the dam foiled, although the storyline does not explain why, Kane convinces the saboteurs to take him with them to New York City. He learns of their plans to sabotage the launching of a new U.S. Navy ship {{USS}} at the Brooklyn shipyard. Kane\'s performance has fooled Martin as well; she flees and contacts the authorities, hoping to get to New York in time to foil their plans for the next bit of sabotage. The saboteurs arrive in New York City, only to find the phone at their office disconnected, a sign the police are on to them. They drive to a Cut Rate Drugs drugstore, the site of Hitchcock\'s cameo appearance, where they walk through to a door, into a back room, then into a kitchen and out, into a ballroom, into the mansion of a New York dowager. When they walk into the library, to meet the dowager and other conspirators, Kane finds the captured Martin, who had gone to the police but was betrayed by a corrupt sheriff, part of the conspiracy. As Kane attempts to signal her that she should escape, Tobin arrives, immediately recognizing Kane and denouncing him as a foe of the conspiracy. He sneers at Kane\'s patriotism, causing Kane to question why someone who has benefited most from living in a free country would work to bring it down. Tobin ridicules Kane\'s simple-minded belief in good and evil, and claims he is in it for the "power". The saboteurs lock Kane in the cellar and Martin in an office at Rockefeller Center. Martin drops a note from her window, alerting cabbies on the street to "watch for the flickering lights above". They notify the FBI who rescue her. Meanwhile, desperate to escape, Kane triggers a fire alarm at the mansion and escapes in the pandemonium. Across the street, watching all the servants fleeing the mansion, Kane asks a man on the street if he knows whose place it is. The man answers that it is the "Sutton mansion", home of a well-known philanthropic older woman. Kane races to the shipyard, abandoning his taxi when it becomes stalled in traffic, because time is running out. At the gate to the Navy Yard, he is stopped by the guard, who turns him over to a Sergeant-of-the-Guard. He then eludes the MP Sergeant taking him to his superior. Desperate to warn someone of the impending sabotage, Kane runs into the Yard, then stumbles onto Fry, at the controls inside a fake newsreel truck. They struggle long enough for Kane to prevent Fry from pushing the bomb\'s detonator. The ship is safely out of the dock before Fry can detonate the bomb. Coming up with a pistol, Fry holds Kane prisoner, and has his accomplice drive them to Rockefeller Center. When they arrive, they find the police and FBI waiting to arrest them. Fry\'s flight from the officers takes him into a movie theatre, where he shoots a spectator to cause confusion to allow him to escape in the crowd. As he exits, Kane and Martin are exiting the building, Kane in the custody of an FBI agent. Seeing Fry getting into a taxi, Kane tells her to follow the spy wherever he goes. In a taxi herself, she follows Fry to Battery Park, as he smugly notes a capsized ship in the river while traveling by. At the Battery, she sees him get on a boat to Liberty Island. Martin follows him onto the boat, attracting his attention, then sees him walk into the pedestal. She calls the FBI office, then goes into the Statue herself, climbing to the top of the Statue of Liberty, where she strikes up a conversation with Fry, to stall the spy until Kane and the FBI arrive. An aggressive agent in the FBI office insists on taking Kane with him to the island, where Kane escapes his escort, racing into the pedestal. Martin calls down to Kane that Fry is getting away, so Kane, brought along to identify the spy, follows Fry up the narrow tunnel, onto the torch viewing platform. When Kane emerges from the tunnel, he confronts Fry, who backs up against the railing and loses his balance. Fry falls over the torch\'s railing, but manages to grab hold of the statue\'s hand. Kane climbs down in an attempt to rescue Fry. The police and FBI agent finally arrive at the torch, looking over the railing. When Fry\'s grip slips, Kane quickly grabs the sleeve of Fry\'s jacket. The camera focuses on the stitching of Fry\'s jacket sleeve as it parts, opening a tear and eventually giving way, as Fry tumbles to his death, with a loud, dramatic cry, leaving Kane holding the empty sleeve. Kane climbs carefully back up the thumb to the torch railing to embrace the waiting Martin.'] ["David , a chartered accountant, Juliet , a doctor, and Alex , a journalist, are three friends who share a flat in Edinburgh. They need a new flatmate and, after a sequence of interviews, in which unwanted applicants are rejected with calculated cruelty, they take in the mysterious Hugo ([[Keith Allen . When Hugo suddenly dies of a drug overdose, they discover that he has a very large amount of cash in a suitcase. The three decide to keep the money and to dispose of Hugo's corpse in the titular shallow grave."] ['The film opens on a ship where Barry Wilding  and Julie Kenmore  meet on their way to England. On reaching there Barry finds out that he has inherited a house that belonged to his forefathers, to see how it looks like he goes there one night but finds out that it has been occupied by an old man and his daughter, the same girl he met on ship. The mystery evokes when he comes to know that suspicious people are after the house and strange things are happening.  {{Empty section}}'] ["Set in early 20th century New England, the film is about a serial killer who is murdering disabled young women in the community. His next victim apparently is Helen; she is a mute girl working as a live-in companion for the wealthy, bedridden Mrs. Warren, who urges her to leave the house, as does Dr. Parry, who knows the reason for Helen's loss of speech and hopes to help her get her voice back. Rounding out the household are Mrs. Warren's son and stepson, her verbally-abused nurse, a secretary, a handyman and his wife, a housekeeper with a taste for brandy."] ["On April 14, 2012, 100 years after the sinking of the RMS Titanic, a new, similar-looking luxury cruise liner named the SS Titanic II is christened. It then embarks on her maiden voyage using the same route the Titanic took 100 years before in reverse direction . During the Atlantic crossing, the effects of global warming cause the Helheim Glacier in Greenland to collapse, creating a giant tsunami that sends an iceberg crashing into the ship, while the passengers are partying in the dining saloon. The entire starboard side of the ship and the starboard lifeboat ramps are crushed and immense pressure is put on the liner's turbines. As people struggle to escape the rising waters and run for the submarine-shaped lifeboats on the port side, the turbines eventually explode, killing many people, including ship captain Will Howard. The explosion also caused an immense fire inside the sinking vessel, which is listing to its starboard side. Minutes later, another tsunami, this one more powerful and faster than the speed of sound, caused by a second collapse of the Helheim Glacier hits the liner, flipping it upside-down and drowning the people still on board and killing all the passengers in the lifeboats. With most of the ship flooded, the Titanic II finally sinks. Very few passengers survive."] [" Christine Clay , a successful actress, argues passionately with her jealous ex-husband Guy , who makes particular reference to Robert Tisdall, a young man staying near her at her retreat on the English coast. Christine slaps him several times across the face, but he hardly reacts, choosing instead to depart without a word. The next morning, Robert Tisdall  happens to be walking along the seaside cliffs when Christine's body washes ashore. He runs to get help and call the police, but two young swimmers arrive just in time to see him racing away from the corpse. A belt from his raincoat, which had just recently gone missing, is found next to the body, further implicating him in her strangling. He is subsequently arrested and becomes the main suspect, partly because of a large sum of money Christine left to him in her will, a gift he was unaware of. Saddled with a despondent barrister, Tisdall doubts if his innocence will ever be established. He elects to take advantage of a crowded courthouse and make his escape. Tisdall coerces Erica Burgoyne , daughter of the local police Chief Constable, to give him a ride in her Morris car. Though she is initially unsure about her passenger, Burgoyne eventually becomes convinced of his innocence and elects to help him in any way that she can. They are eventually spotted together, forcing both to stay on the run. Tisdall tries to prove his innocence by tracking down the stolen coat. The duo succeed in tracking down Old Will , a sociable china-mender and bum that was known to have received Tisdall's coat. He agrees to help them find the man who gave him the coat; unfortunately, all that Old Will can remember about the man is his distinctive eye twitch. Upon searching the pockets of the coat, Erica finds a box of matches from the Grand Hotel, a place Tisdall has never been to. She is separated from the group, however, and taken in by the police. Upon realizing that his daughter has fully allied herself with the murder suspect, her father chooses to resign his position as Chief Constable rather than arrest her for assisting Tisdall. Nonetheless, Erica and Old Will go to the Grand Hotel together, hoping to find the true murderer. In a memorably long, continuous sequence, the camera moves forward through the hotel ballroom, finally focusing on the drummer in a dance band performing in blackface. Recognizing Old Will in the audience, and seeing policemen nearby , the man performs poorly due to fear and is berated by the musical conductor. A nervous breakdown, exacerbated by a drug he has been taking to try to control the twitching, causes the man to pass out in the middle of a performance, drawing the attention of Erica and the policemen. Immediately after being revived and confronted, he confesses his crime and begins laughing hysterically. In the end, Robert Tisdall and Erica Burgoyne are united, with Erica's father smiling benevolently."] ["David Graham has only 24 hours to save his son, Alec, from hanging. Alec has been convicted of murdering his girlfriend, Jenny Cole. David visits the home of wealthy car magnate, Robert Stanford, where the girlfriend was killed. Graham finds a number of possible suspects, including Stanford's young wife, Honor, his secretary Vickie Harker and also Alec's friend Brian, who is Stanford's adopted son."] ['The film opens on an Egyptian archaeological dig in 1961. The Awakening. Dr. Mike Newell. Warner Brothers, 1980. VHS. yet they continue on to uncover the mummy of Queen Kara. As Corbeck smashes in the door to where the tomb is located, Anne begins a painful premature labour. With each hit against the door, Anne has a painful contraction. Upon Corbeck and Jane\'s return to the camp, they discover Anne laying on the floor in a trance like state. Corbeck takes her to the hospital but leaves her there so that he can return to the dig to continue uncovering the tomb of the Queen. Later, as Anne gives birth to a dead baby, Corbeck and Jane open the mummy\'s sarcophagus. As they open it the baby suddenly comes to life, signifying the transfer of the Queen\'s soul to the baby.Maslin, Janet. "Film: \'The Awakening.\'" The New York Times. 31 Oct. 1980. Web. 8 Mar. 2012. Corbeck\'s neglect of both Anne and his newborn daughter Margaret eventually end up with the two leaving him. The audience is then brought to eighteen years later. Corbeck is a professor at a British university and now married to Jane. Corbeck finds out that his great discovery is in trouble: traces of bacteria have been found on the mummy. Corbeck returns to Egypt to learn more about what is happening to the mummy. He tries to have the mummy brought back to England because he disagrees with the Egyptian professionals taking care of it. After one of the specialists opposes Corbeck, he is killed in a freak accident and Matthew is able to transport the mummy to England.  Meanwhile, Margaret  turns eighteen  and she decides she wants to go to England to meet her father even though her mother asks her not to. While in England, Corbeck and Jane tell Margaret all about Kara and the violent murders she committed as well as the myth that she could re-incarnate herself.  Corbeck\'s obsession with Kara grows and Margaret begins to undergo changes. It appears she is being possessed by Kara. People throughout the film that inhibit the Queen\'s spirit mysteriously and violently die. Margaret begins to notice the changes in herself and believes she is the one responsible for all the deaths and odd incidents. Both her and her father, while visiting Kara\'s tomb, discover the jars which contain Kara\'s organs and Corbeck wants to try the ritual to resurrect the ancient Queen. Heston\'s character soon comes to believe that the spirit of the queen possessed his daughter at the moment of her birth and intends to resurrect herself through the girl\'s body. He comes to the decision that the only way to save her is to perform the ritual, which is a decision aided by his possessed daughter. He realizes when it is too late, that Kara tricked him, and that the ritual in fact helped her completely take over Margaret\'s body. The reincarnated Queen proceeds to kill Corbeck and the film ends with Kara walking out into the world with her intentions unknown to the audience.'] ["After the daughter of a prominent businessman is brutally murdered, high profile defense attorney Kitt Devereux takes the case of the accused murderer, rapper Bobby Medina. With a history of drugs and violence, Medina is a likely suspect, but Devereux suspects there's more to the case as she locks horns with her ex-husband, D.A. Jack Campioni, and a wealthy woman whose son is a presidential candidate. Dealing with her own tainted past and the unreliable Medina, Devereux struggles to prove her client's innocence even to herself."] ['Walter Mancini , an alcoholic reporter, and his wife Eve  are on a road trip with a trailer heading back to Los Angeles. Along the way, they pick up a hitch-hiker  who introduces himself as Adam Konitz. Konitz soon turns out to be a sadistic escapee from an institution for the criminally insane, and he is running from the law after robbing two million dollars with his partners. He takes the couple hostage and orders Eve to head to Mexico. They are soon stopped by two policemen and after Walter attempts to signal them by writing "SOS" on his matchbox, Konitz shoots them both. While the three stop for the night, Konitz\'s two partners, whom he had betrayed to get all the loot for himself, shoot at Konitz and take control of the money and the car. They decide to keep the Mancinis alive until reaching the Mexican border. While driving, they are attacked by someone in a truck. The attacker turns out to be Konitz who kills his former associates and again takes the Mancinis hostage. After they reach a secluded place, Konitz rapes Eve and forces Walter to watch the act. As Konitz gets ready to kill Walter, Eve shoots him with Walter\'s hunting rifle. Despite Eve\'s opposition, Walter decides to keep the two million instead of going to the police. After the four young motorcyclists the couple met at a gas station pass them and pour oil on the road, the Mancinis\' car goes off the road and crashes. One of the youngsters takes two hundred from Walter\'s pocket, but leaves the suitcase on the back seat untouched. The thieves then ride away. Eve is badly hurt and requests help from Walter. Walter brings Konitz\'s body from their trailer and plants it on the accident scene. He then tells the dying Eve that the thieves had only helped him. He had planned to stop after 15 to 20 miles, kill her and make it look like an accident. After lighting up a cigarette and setting the car and the trailer on fire, Walter starts walking and, hearing a car come by, thumbs a ride.'] ["Danielle Breton  is a model and would-be actress hired to play a blind-woman on a TV show. She meets a contestant on the show, advertising salesman, Philip Woode , and the two hit it off. He invites her to dinner. At the restaurant, they are interrupted by Danielle's ex-husband Emil Breton ([[William Finley , but Philip has him thrown out. Later, Danielle and Philip go to her apartment and are followed by her ex-husband. To avoid Emil, Philip pretends that he is leaving for good and then returns through the back door, opening the door with Danielle's keys. Philip and Danielle have sex on the sofa. The next morning Danielle wakes up, feeling unwell. She takes one of three red pills left in her medicine cabinet, leaving the other two on the corner of the sink. When Philip uses the bathroom, he accidentally sweeps the two pills down the drain. Philip overhears Danielle and her sister Dominique fighting and arguing about him. Danielle says she isn't feeling well, and would asks Philip to go for her pills at the pharmacy. Philip complies and on the way buys a cake for Danielle & her twin sister Dominique, who is visiting for their twin birthday. Philip returns to the apartment and unlocks the door with Danielle's key again. As they are about to share the birthday cake, Danielle stabs him to death. Philip tries to get the attention of the neighbor across the causeway, trying to write HELP with his own blood in the window. The neighbor, Grace Collier , a journalist who often criticizes law enforcement in her columns, contacts the police. Detective Kelly  arrives, and does not believe her story, treating her dismissively. Meanwhile, Danielle wakes up confused and dazed. She has tried to talk to her doctor, who promises to bring her more of the red pills. When Emil arrives at the apartment he discovers the corpse. It is also revealed that he is her doctor. Danielle tell him that Dominique was there and Emil helps her clean the apt, putting the corpse inside the sofa-bed. Emil leaves and takes the bloodied knife away. When Detective Kelly and Grace appear, the apartment is in order except for a red stain on the back of the sofa. Danielle justifies her double sets of clothes by explaining that her job as model requires them in case one becomes stained. Grace finds the cake in the fridge which provides her the opportunity to prove that there are twins living in the apartment. She falls, however, smashing the cake. Emil appears, saying that they he and Danielle are separated but not yet divorced. Detective Kelly tells Grace not to disturb him or Danielle again with this situation. The only clue Grace has is the name of the bakery where Philip bought the cake. Grace learns from her mother, Mrs Collier , there is a new open-door psychiatric hospital in town. But Grace is not listening to her, too focused on the bakery clue. When they arrive at the bakery, Grace jumps asks the shop assistants, , and is told a black man bought the cake for Danielle and Dominique. Grace hires a private detective, Joseph Larch , telling him that the women in the apartment are twins. But the detective finds no twins - only what he believes may be a hiding place for the body: the sofa-bed. Casing the apartment, they watch the sofa being loaded into a moving van. Grace gets in touch with a Time magazine reporter, Arthur McLennen  who studied the case of the Blanchion twins, the first set of Canadian conjoined twins. In a news item, Grace sees Dr. Pierre Milius - Emil's younger persona - talking about the delicate psychological mental equilibrium of one of the twins. As teenagers, Danielle is shy but Dominique is talkative and outgoing. McLennen, having bribed one of the nurses, learns that the Blanchion twins were separated in a surgical procedure but Dominique did not survive. Meanwhile, Larch follows the moving-van with the sofa-bed as Grace follows Danielle to the hospital sight. There, she overhears a discussion between Emil and Danielle who says she is fed-up with the doctor's control. Grace observes the doctor attempting to subdue Danielle forcibly and tries to call for help but is prevented by a hospital staffer. An insane patient Arlene  appears and delays Grace, saying that viruses and bacteria going through the telephone made her ill. Emil tells Jansen, a hospital attendant , that Grace is a new patient, Margaret, who should be put in a room. Grace tries to explain her dilemma but no one believes. Emil hypnotizes her so that she will believe everything was a strange dream. Grace appears in the dreams where episodes of Danielle & Dominique's lives are played out. Danielle's desire to be surgically separated from Dominique began to increase when she fell in love in Emile. Dominique's grew jealous and resentful, fueled by her literal separation anxiety. Grace barely wakes, finding herself next to Danielle in the hospital. Danielle says that she wants Dominique back but is afraid of her sister's rage toward Emil. Emil claims that whenever he tried to make love to Danielle, Danielle assumed Dominique's persona, furious and enraged. Danielle, unable to escape her past, refuses to believe Emile, who shows her the knife used to kill Phillip Woode earlier. She cuts Emile with a scalpel and he bleeds to death trying to kill her. Grace, witness to the whole thing, screams in horror when she fully awakens and sees Danielle hugging the dead Emil. Emil's body is taken. Danielle denies killing him or Phillipe but also states that her sister died last Spring. Grace Collier is taken away, dazed and confused. Later, Kelly tries to talk to the recovering Grace. Danielle has confessed to killing Emil, but he admits that they have problems figuring out the identity of the mysterious black man. However, Grace is still under the influence of Emil's hypnosis and denies seeing a murder or a corpse. The shrouded sofa appears in a derelict train with Joseph Larch keeping watch."] ["Actors: China Doll:Carmel Rose The film tells three bored teenagers who spy on their neighbour at a holiday apartment, suspecting they have discovered a serial killer in action. But little do they know that the highrise holiday apartment they are staying in is actually full of hidden cameras and that 'someone' is actually watching them from every angle. Everyone is being watched at one point."] ['Kate Miller is a sexually frustrated housewife who is in therapy with New York City psychiatrist Dr. Robert Elliott. During an appointment, Kate attempts to seduce him, but Elliott rejects her advances. Kate goes to the Metropolitan Museum and, in a critically applauded ten-minute sequence played entirely without dialogue, she has an unexpected flirtation with a mysterious stranger. Kate and the stranger "stalk" each other through the museum until they finally wind up outside, where Kate joins him in a taxi. They immediately begin to have sex in the cab, and continue at his apartment, unaware that Kate has left her underwear on the floor of the cab. Hours later, Kate awakens and, thoroughly satisfied with her evening, decides to discreetly leave while the man, Warren Lockman, is asleep. Kate sits at his desk to leave Warren a note and finds a document indicating that he has contracted a sexually transmitted disease. Mortified, she leaves the apartment but on the way out realizes that she has left her wedding ring on the stranger\'s nightstand, and she returns to retrieve it. The elevator doors open on the figure of a tall, blonde woman in dark sunglasses wielding a straight razor. Kate is slashed to death in the elevator. A high-priced call girl, Liz Blake, happens upon the body and catches a glimpse of the killer, therefore becoming both the prime suspect and the killer\'s next target. Elliott receives a bizarre answering machine message from "Bobbi", a transgender person he is treating. Bobbi taunts the psychiatrist for breaking off their therapy sessions, apparently because Elliott refuses to sign the necessary papers for Bobbi to get a sex change operation. Elliott eventually visits Bobbi\'s new doctor and tries to convince him that Bobbi is a danger to herself and others. The police are less than willing to believe Liz\'s story, so she joins forces with Kate\'s revenge-minded son Peter to find the killer. Peter is an inventor, and uses a series of homemade listening devices and time-lapse cameras to track patients from Elliott\'s office. They catch Bobbi on camera, and soon Liz is being stalked by a tall blonde figure in sunglasses. Several attempts are made on Liz\'s life. One, in the New York City Subway, is thwarted by Peter, who sprays Bobbi with homemade mace. Liz and Peter scheme to get inside Elliott\'s office to look at his appointment book and learn Bobbi\'s real name. Liz baits the therapist by stripping to lingerie and coming on to him, distracting him long enough to make a brief exit and leaf through his appointment book. When she returns, it is Bobbi rather than Elliott who confronts her; they are the same person. Elliott/Bobbi is shot and wounded by a female police officer who looks like Bobbi: she is the tall blonde figure who was trailing Liz. Elliott is arrested by the police and placed in an insane asylum. It is explained by Dr. Levy that Elliott wanted to be a woman, but his "male" side would not allow him to go through with the operation. Whenever a woman sexually aroused Elliott, it was "Bobbi", who represented the female side of the doctor\'s personality, who became threatened. In a final sequence, Elliott escapes from the asylum and slashes Liz\'s throat in a bloody act of vengeance. She wakes up screaming, realizing that it was just a dream as Peter runs to her bed to comfort her.'] ['The movie begins with a bunch of children and teens playing, until they see someone walk past them . The convict Silk  walks into the store and exposes his gun , Mecca  berates him by saying that bums  that have no lives, instead they steal from others, angry Silk draws his gun and gives her to the count of 3 to give him the money before he got to the 3rd number she submits with Silk pointing his gun at her, a truck passes by distracting Silk, he killed her she when he sees her pull out a shotgun, knowing someone heard the gunfire, Silk quickly fled the area  while he was away from the premises he counts the money  before he can figure out another place to rob, Silk points his gun at a mysterious person exclaiming "who the fuck are you". The scene starts with Debbie  getting ready to celebrate her anniversary with her husband, the door opens with Howard , Mo , and Tre  who saw her naked, much to Debbie\'s dismay, she was later upset that her husband was working on the script than celebrate their anniversary. Howard, Mo, and Tre outside when they heard a knock on their door, Tre opened the door only to be  staring at the stranger, who claimed that his car broke down and he needs to use the phone. They brought him in the house.'] ["Some time after the drowning of their young daughter, Christine , in a tragic accident at their English country home, John Baxter  and his wife, Laura , are staying in Venice where John has been contracted by a bishop  to restore an ancient church. Laura encounters two elderly sisters at a restaurant where she and John are dining, one of whom is blind and claims to be psychic and in contact with the Baxters' deceased daughter. The blind sister, Heather , tells Laura she can see Christine and describes the attire she was wearing at the time of the accident, and that Christine is happy. Shaken, Laura returns to her table, where she faints. Laura is taken to hospital, where she later tells John what the sisters told her. John is sceptical but pleasantly surprised by the positive change in Laura's demeanour. Later in the evening after returning from the hospital, John and Laura engage in passionate sexual intercourse. Afterwards, they go out to dinner where they get lost and briefly become separated. John catches a glimpse of what looks like a small child  wearing a red coat similar to the one Christine was wearing when she died. The next day, Laura meets with the sisters, who hold a séance to try to contact Christine. She returns to the hotel and tells John that Christine has said he is in danger and must leave Venice. John loses his temper with Laura, but that night they receive a telephone call informing them that their son  has been injured in an accident. Laura departs for England, while John stays on to complete the restoration. Under the assumption that Laura is in England, John is shocked when later that day he spots her on a barge that is part of a funeral cortege, accompanied by the two sisters. Concerned about his wife's mental state and with reports of a serial killer at large in Venice, he reports Laura's disappearance to the police. The inspector  investigating the killings, is suspicious of John and has him followed. After conducting a futile search for Laura and the sisters—in which he again sees the childlike figure in the red coat—John contacts his son's boarding school to enquire about his condition, only to discover Laura is already at the school. After speaking to her to confirm she really is in England, a bewildered John returns to the police station to inform the police he has found his wife. In the meantime the police have found the sisters and brought them in for questioning, so an apologetic John offers to escort Heather back to her hotel to rejoin her sister, Wendy . Back at the hotel, Heather goes into a trance as John is leaving. On his way out, John catches another glimpse of the mysterious figure in red, and this time pursues it. Coming out of her trance, Heather beseeches her sister to go after John, sensing that something terrible is about to happen to him, but Wendy is unable to catch up with him. Meanwhile, John has followed the elusive figure to a deserted palazzo, and having cornered it, realises too late that the strange sightings he has been experiencing were premonitions of his own death."] ["Samir Horn  is an Arabic-speaking Sudanese-American and devout Muslim. His Sudanese Druze father was killed by a car bomb when he was a child. As an adult, Horn is first seen operating as an arms dealer. While negotiating a deal with Omar  in Yemen he is arrested and thrown into a Yemeni jail. Later, Samir and Omar become friends and when Omar's people arrange an escape, he takes Samir with them. Joining the Islamic Brotherhood, Samir uses the skills he learned as a Special Forces Engineer Sergeant with the U.S. Army Special Forces to bomb the U.S. consulate in Nice, France. The group then devises a plot to place suicide bombers on 50 buses in the U.S. during Thanksgiving. Meanwhile, in London, the Islamic Brotherhood finds out Fareed is being targeted by the FBI and he escapes by a source in the FBI headquarters. It is revealed that Samir is working under deep cover for an intelligence contractor, Carter , with the United States government against terrorism. The FBI agents pursuing him don't know this, and Carter is killed by Omar. Meanwhile, FBI Special Agent Roy Clayton  pursues Samir through numerous countries, resulting in their final confrontation in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. While on board a cargo ship to Marseille, France, Samir learns the identity of Nathir and kills Nathir, Fareed, and when Omar is about to kill him, he tells that he switched the bombers' emails and he placed them all on the same bus so all of them died without victims. Canadian police, with the FBI, breaks in and kills Omar and injures Samir. Later, under an El bridge in Chicago, Samir tells Agent Clayton he feels guilty for killing innocent people. Samir tells Clayton that the Qur'an says that to kill an innocent person is to kill all mankind. Clayton responds by noting that the Qur'an also says that by saving an innocent person, you have saved all mankind, and tells Samir he is a hero."] ['In Los Angeles, California, on January 15, 1947, police officers Dwight \'Bucky\' Bleichert  and Lee Blanchard , investigate the murder of Elizabeth Short . As he is investigating, Bucky learns that Elizabeth was an aspiring actress, although she had not had any big breaks in her career. However, Elizabeth had become desperate for money and was paid to make a "stag" film with a friend of hers, Lorna Mertz. Through questioning a former roommate of Elizabeth, Bucky is told that Elizabeth liked to hang out with "sisters" or lesbians. He goes to a lesbian nightclub and meets a woman, Madeleine Linscott , who looks like Elizabeth. She tells him that she knew Elizabeth well, but because she is from a prominent family, she insists that her name be kept out the papers. In exchange for his silence, she promises him sexual favors and the two sleep together. Through his own investigation of the murder, Lee becomes obsessed with the case and trying to track the killer. His obsession leads him to become erratic and slightly abusive towards his longtime girlfriend Katherine \'Kay\' Lake , who is also close friends with Bucky. Through his relations with Madeleine, he meets her father, Emmett Linscott, her mother, Ramona, who is addicted to prescription medication, and her sister, Martha. A few days later, after having an argument with Lee about an old case, Lee and Bucky have a fight and Bucky leaves. He later goes to Kay and Lee\'s home looking for him, only to find him gone. He questions Kay as to where he is and she confesses that there was a tip about a drug deal occurring with a recently released convict, Bobby DeWitt, that Lee had helped send to jail. Bucky goes to the location of the drug deal, and is involved with an altercation with Bobby DeWitt on the main stairs in the atrium of the building. Bobby gets away, and Bucky chases him up the stairs, only to find Bobby shot to death. Bucky looks up to see that it was Lee, standing on the stairs across the lobby, who had murdered Bobby. Bucky sees a shadowed figure holding a rope sneak up behind Lee, and Bucky calls out to warn him. However, the shadowed man is able to wrap his rope around Lee\'s neck, but Lee fights back until they are both backed up against the railing of the stairs. Bucky is in shock and is unable to help Lee. As Lee continues to struggle, another shadowed figure walks up to Lee and the man with the rope and slits Lee\'s neck, causing both men to fall over the railing and onto a fountain several floors below, leading to the death of both. While dealing with the grief of losing Lee, Kay and Bucky sleep together and begin dating. Bucky is still intent on solving Elizabeth\'s murder, along with Lee\'s, and his search for answers leads him to an old housing site that Madeleine\'s father helped build. In one of the houses, Bucky sees the set that was used to film the porn movie that Elizabeth was in. Bucky also finds a barn on the property, which is below the Hollywoodland sign and a drawing of a man with a Glasgow smile drawn on the wall with blood. It is also the picture that Madeleine has in her parents\' house, and is also the same smile that was carved into Elizabeth\'s face during her murder. Bucky then accuses Madeleine\'s father Emmett ([[John Kavanagh  and Madeleine of murdering Elizabeth. However, Madeleine\'s mother Ramona  reveals that she was the one to kill Elizabeth, one of the reasons being that she looked so much like her Madeleine. A few moments after her confession, Ramona kills herself in front of Bucky, Madeleine, and Emmett. A few days later, Bucky goes to the Linscott\'s house again, and after speaking with Madeleine\'s sister, he discovers that it was Madeleine who had murdered Lee, as Lee was trying blackmail her father, as he was desperate for money. Bucky finds Madeleine at a motel, and although she insists that he won\'t shoot her because he would rather have sex with her, he tells her she is wrong and shoots her dead. Bucky later goes to Kay\'s house, and when she opens the door he sees a crow chirping by Elizabeth\'s body on the front lawn, then realizes that it was only a hallucination. Kay tells him to come in and closes the door as the film ends.'] ['During the filming of the final scene of a motion picture, the leading man is killed during the filming. Since he was involved with several women on the set, they are all suspects. When leading lady Marcia Lane  is accused, her boyfriend, reporter Franklyn Drew , begins a search for the real killer.'] ['Seymour "Sy" Parrish is a full-time photo technician at SavMart\'s one-hour photo developing clinic. He leads a depressing, solitary life outside of the "heaven-like", hyperreality atmosphere of the department store. Every day he labors to ensure his customers get the best quality photos possible. His work is his life, as he has no one and nothing to go home to at the end of each day. He feels that there is more to photography than meets the eye. If one only attends a two-day course, then he or she will not have a full appreciation of the art. As each workday comes to an end, Sy falls into the inescapable routine of spending his evenings sitting alone in his barren living room, watching television. The only thing in Sy\'s apartment he has for companionship is a hamster, caged in his bedroom. His favorite customers are the Yorkin family: husband Will , wife Nina , and their son, Jake ([[Dylan Smith . He has done their photos for years and over time, has developed an obsession with the family. He idolizes their happiness and affluence, memorizes every personal detail about them that he can learn, and finally begins to associate with them more and more. Sy secretly makes his own copies of the Yorkins\' photos from the film negatives and then puts them on a wall in his apartment in a massive collage. Most of all, he fantasizes about being a member of their family and sharing in the love he assumes they must feel. He is painfully shy and socially inept. His awkward attempts to become closer to the family are gently rebuffed. Sy eventually manages to spark a connection with Nina when he pretends to be interested in a book he noticed she had purchased on a particular day in the store. For the first time, Nina asks Sy personal questions about his life, realizing that he is indeed a lonely man, something only Jake had noticed earlier. Sy even suggests that the family should refer to him as \'Uncle Sy.\' The next day, his boss Bill  fires him for stealing prints. While inspecting his photos for the last time, Sy discovers that Will is having an affair, and his idyllic conception of the Yorkins as the "perfect" family is shattered. He comes to hate and envy Will, who has everything Sy longs for, yet does not seem to appreciate what he has. After losing his job, Sy follows and takes pictures of Bill\'s young daughter as revenge for firing him, leading to a police investigation against him. While detectives Van Der Zee  and Outerbridge  discover Sy\'s obsession, Sy confronts Will and his mistress, Maya , during a rendezvous in their hotel room. Armed with a knife and a camera, Sy forces the lovers to pose naked while he takes pictures. He does all that he can in order to humiliate the couple. After the confrontation, Sy discovers that the police have arrived in the hotel and attempts to escape. An alarm sounds and Van Der Zee pursues him while Outerbridge discovers Will and Maya, physically unharmed but deeply traumatized. After a chase, the police finally apprehend Sy in the parking garage as he attempts to make a break for his car. Upon being arrested, Sy claims, "I just took pictures". The final scene takes place in a police interrogation room where Van Der Zee asks Sy why he terrorized the Yorkins. Sy replies that he can tell Van Der Zee is a good man and not the sort of father who would take "sick, degrading pictures" of his children. . Sy asks the Detective personal questions about his family, which he does not answer. As the detective prepares to take his confession, Sy asks for the pictures he took at the hotel, which the detective has described as "evidence". They appear to be only shots of household objects and interior furnishings he  took before the incident in the hotel. The film closes with a picture of the Yorkin family with Sy. Romanek claims in the DVD commentary that the picture is intended to symbolize an open ending; it is left up to the viewer to decide whether the picture only exists in Sy\'s mind or if he ever sees the Yorkin family again.'] ["Kevin Bacon's character, Joe Hickey, is a man who is apparently in the business of kidnapping rich people's children for ransom with his wife Cheryl  and cousin Marvin as his accomplices. Will Jennings , the father/husband in a typical happy family, is a research physician who has just had his big career break by patenting a new anesthetic drug. The mother/wife, Karen Jennings  is a stay at home mother who used to be a nurse. The couple's daughter Abby  is kidnapped by Hickey and Marvin. Meanwhile Cheryl keeps Will at gunpoint and tells him about his daughter's kidnapping after he just gets out of a ceremony in which he is honored for his career. The movie then follows the tense situation lived by the couple, separated by the bandits and kept in the dark as to what the outcome of their predicament is to be. The situation is worsened by a health problem of the child  about which the kidnappers were uninformed."] ['The film begins with an American Muslim man named Yusuf , formerly named Younger, making a videotape.When FBI Special Agent Helen Brody  and her team see news bulletins looking for Yusuf, they launch an investigation, which is curtailed when they are summoned to a high school, which has been converted into a black site under military command. They are shown Yusuf\'s complete tape, where he threatens to detonate three nuclear bombs in separate U.S. cities if his demands are not met. A special interrogator, "H" , is brought in to force Yusuf to reveal the locations of the nuclear bombs. H quickly shows his capability and cruelty by chopping off one of Yusuf\'s fingers with a small hatchet. Horrified, Special Agent Brody attempts to put a stop to the measures. Her superiors make it clear that the potentially disastrous consequences necessitate these extreme measures. As the plot unfolds, H escalates his methods . Brody realizes that Yusuf anticipated that he would be tortured. Yusuf then makes his demands: he would like the President of the United States to announce a cessation of support for "puppet governments" and dictatorships in Muslim countries and a withdrawal of American troops from all Muslim countries. The group immediately dismisses the possibility of his demands being met, citing the United States\' declared policy of not negotiating with terrorists. When Brody accuses Yusuf of faking the bomb threat in order to make a point about the moral character of the United States government, he breaks down and agrees that it was all a ruse. He gives her an address to prove it. They find a room that matches the scene in the video tape and find evidence on the roof. A soldier removes a picture from a electrical switch which triggers a tremendous C-4 explosion at a nearby shopping mall visible from the roof. The explosion kills 53 people. Angry at the senseless deaths, Brody returns to Yusef and cuts his chest with a scalpel. Yusuf is unafraid and demands she cut him. He justifies the deaths in the shopping mall, stating that the Americans kill that many people every day. Yusuf says he allowed himself to be caught so he could face his oppressors. H questions whether Yusef will reveal the bombs\' location unless Yusuf\'s wife is found. When she is detained, H brings her in front of her husband and threatens to mutilate her in front of him. Brody and the others begin to take her away from the room in disgust. Out of desperation, H slashes her throat and she bleeds to death in front of Yusuf. Still without cooperation, H tells the soldiers to bring in Yusuf\'s two children, a young boy and a girl. Outside of Yusuf\'s hearing, he assures everyone that he will not harm the children. Yusef\'s children are brought in and H makes it clear that he will torture them if the locations of the bombs are not divulged. Yusuf breaks and gives three addresses , but H does not stop, forcing the others to intervene. Citing the amount of missing nuclear material Yusuf potentially had at his disposal , H insists that Yusuf has not admitted anything about a hence-unreferenced fourth bomb. H points out that everything Yusuf has done so far has been planned meticulously. He knew the torture would most likely break him, and he would have been certain to plant a fourth bomb, just in case. Here it becomes clear that the purpose of the preceding torture was not to break Yusuf, but rather to make it clear to him what would happen to his children if he did not cooperate. The official in charge of the operation demands that H bring Yusuf\'s children back in for further interrogation. H demands that Brody bring the children back in, because her decency will give him the moral approval that he needs to do the "unthinkable". When Brody refuses to retrieve the children for H, he unstraps Yusuf, sarcastically setting him free. The official draws his pistol and aims it at H to coerce him into further interrogation. Yusuf grabs the official\'s gun. He asks Brody to take care of his children and kills himself. Brody walks out of the building with Yusuf\'s children . ;Extended version An FBI bomb disposal team arrives at one of the disclosed locations and resets the timer to prevent the bomb from going off. As the FBI are celebrating however, behind a nearby crate, the originally unconfirmed fourth bomb\'s timer counts down to zero. The screen immediately cuts to black and the credits roll.'] ['A radio star takes a vacation and is later found murdered. Barbara  is accused of murder, while Jerry  tries to prove her innocent.'] ['Kyle Pratt  is an American engineer based in Berlin. After her husband David  fell off the roof of their building to his death, Kyle decides to bury him on Long Island, flying there with her six year-old daughter Julia  aboard a passenger aircraft which Kyle helped design. After falling asleep, Kyle wakes to find that Julia is missing. She begins to panic, and Captain Marcus Rich  is forced to conduct a search. As none of the passengers remember seeing her daughter, Julia has no register in either the Berlin airport or the passenger manifest, and Kyle cannot find Julia\'s boarding pass, Marcus and the other crew members suspect that Kyle has become unhinged by her husband\'s death, and has imagined bringing her daughter aboard. One flight attendant Stephanie  is exceptionally unsympathetic. Faced with the crew\'s increasing skepticism regarding her daughter\'s existence, Kyle becomes increasingly desperate. Because of her increasingly erratic, panicked behavior, air marshal Gene Carson  is ordered to guard and handcuff her. Marcus receives a wire from the hospital in Berlin that says Julia was with her father when he fell off the roof and also died of internal injuries. Kyle furiously denies it. The crew believes she is delusional. A therapist  on board tries to console her, causing Kyle to doubt her own sanity until she notices that a heart Julia had drawn earlier on the window next to her seat is real. Kyle is emboldened and convinces the therapist to let her use the bathroom. Instead of doing so, she climbs into the upper compartment and sabotages the aircraft\'s electronics, deploying the oxygen masks and interrupting lighting. She uses the chaos to take an elevator to the lower freight deck. She desperately searches for Julia and finally opens her husband\'s casket to which she emotionally breaks down. Carson finds her, puts her in handcuffs and escorts her back. Kyle makes a final plea to Carson that she needs to search the plane upon landing. Carson considers for a moment, then "goes to speak to the captain." He sneaks back into the freight deck to remove two explosives and a detonator concealed in David\'s casket, then climbs down to the avionics section, revealing Julia who is sleeping . He attaches the explosives to the side of the platform. At this point, it is revealed that Carson, Stephanie, and the coroner in Berlin  are part of a conspiracy. Carson tells the captain that Kyle is a hijacker and is threatening to blow up the aircraft unless the airline transfers $50,000,000 into a bank account. The conspirators killed Kyle\'s husband and abducted Julia in order to frame Kyle. Carson tells an unnerved Stephanie that he intends to blow up the aircraft, killing the unconscious Julia, and leave Kyle dead with the detonator in her hand. After making an emergency landing at Goose Bay Airport in Goose Bay, Labrador, Canada, the passengers exit the aircraft as the tarmac is surrounded by U.S. FBI agents. As the captain is leaving, Kyle runs to speak to him with Carson in tow. The captain demands she give up her charade having stated that $50,000,000 demanded by her has been paid. This is the singular moment she realises how she has been manipulated. Thinking quickly Kyle demands that Carson stay on board and the crew disembark. Carson hesitates and too realises that if he refuses then it would be seen that the charade would be his. As soon as the plane\'s door closes, Kyle knocks Carson unconscious, handcuffs him to a rail, and takes the detonator from his pocket. Stephanie comes out of hiding. Carson regains consciousness and fires at Kyle with a concealed gun, sending her running. He chases after Kyle shooting, until she locks herself in the cockpit. She opens a hatch door to the upper level and throws out a binder to fool him. Carson hears the upstairs thud and leaves. Kyle exits and encounters a guilt-ridden Stephanie. Stephanie panics and flees the plane. Kyle searches avionics and finds the unconscious Julia. Carson soon follows, and while searching, tells her how he gagged and dumped her daughter into the food bin. He disparages the people aboard who would never care enough to notice. Carson points his gun to where Julia lay before, but they\'re not there. He turns around and sees Kyle carrying Julia, with the detonator in hand. Carson shoots at her as she closes the door. She detonates the explosives, killing Carson. Everyone watches in shock and amazement as Kyle carries her daughter out onto the tarmac. Later, Marcus apologizes to a seated Kyle holding Julia in her arms. Stephanie is led away by FBI agents. Kyle carries Julia still unconscious through the crowd of passengers. Before loading her daughter into a van to take them away, Julia wakes up and sleepily asks "Are we there yet?" as they drive away.'] ['George Fowler  shows himself as an ex-football hero. He finds himself slowly drawn into the gangster world. With the gang in need of just $50 more, George asks his ex girl, Ann, for that amount in a check, supposedly for her brother Gino. The plan starts to unravel when she sees Gino coming out of a restaurant across the street from the bank. When questioned about it George later reveals he\'s involved with robbing the bank. She writes \'Warning The bank will be Robbed!\' with lipstick on the window, the bank taking it as a joke. As the day of the heist grows nearer the tension within the gang heightens with no one trusting anyone. The robbers burst into George\'s and Gino\'s apartment that night and demand who talked to the girl about the robbery, seeing the lipstick warning. Gino breaks about his sister\'s  talking to George. George goes to her apartment with the gang and talks her into going to Chicago. Gino and George go to a park and wait. While Willie and John are taking her down the fire escape, John gets fidgety and hurls her off the escape down to the street below. They return to George and Gino, saying nothing about the murder. The next day the robbery is attempted as planned. Meanwhile the bank has replaced the switchboard, previously inside the bank, downstairs to what seems to be a better control room, a system which the robbers were betting on disabling to prevent calls to the police. John distrusts George and compels Willie to drive, instead of George, who will now be inside robbing the bank even though it\'s his first time on any illegal job. The robbing goes as planned until George can\'t find the switchboard they wanted to disable. The switchboard downstairs calls the police and they send a squad car over to the bank. When the police arrive, more arriving every second, the robbery goes astray. John gets killed while trying to take a hostage out and Gino commits suicide down in the vaults. Willie flees with the car, leaving his partners behind. George gets shot in the leg. He tries to take a hostage out, the woman\'s husband offering himself instead. As the wife is in his headlock, his arm aiming the gun at her husband, she says, "It\'s no use, he\'s vicious." Realizing just how far he went, George relaxes his grip and falls to the ground, muttering how he isn\'t \'vicious\'. George is taken away, his last sight looking out the bars of the car.'] ['After struggling with infertility, Anne  finally succeeds in getting pregnant through invitro fertilization with her husband Jack . However, she soon awakens to find herself held captive by a couple named Frank  and Helen . Helen has gone mad after her baby was aborted by Frank upon learning that it would have been born deformed. The procedure left her sterile, and he is now attempting to make it up to her by giving her Anne\'s baby. Anne recognizes Frank as a technician at her fertility clinic, and Helen later tells her that he secretly replaced her fertilized egg with one of Helen\'s instead. Frank stages a car accident with a horribly burned body to make everyone believe Anne is dead; Jack refuses to accept it and pressures the police to continue investigating, but after several months they dismiss his ideas. After dealing with several escape attempts, Frank finds himself frustrated both with Helen\'s bipolar insanity and her refusal to have sex with him while she is "pregnant", and he attempts to force himself on Anne before being interrupted by Helen. Frank chases Anne outdoors while Helen terrorizes a diaper service saleswoman. Subsequently Frank attempts a forcible amniocentesis, against Helen\'s wishes, and during the argument he lets it slip that he never switched her eggs. Helen snaps and kills and cooks Frank\'s body. Her increasing madness leads her to threaten Anne with a caesarean section, and Anne finally manages to escape. She calls Jack from a nearby phone booth, but Helen runs it down with her truck in the middle of the call. Although she chases and shoots at Anne, Anne cuts her face with broken glass and runs, collapsing on the roadside where she is found by a local teenager. The police still refuse to believe Jack\'s story, even after seeing the damage to the phone booth, so Jack travels to the house Anne described, only to be ambushed by Helen with a baseball bat. Helen then kills a nurse at the hospital and again kidnaps Anne to force her into having the baby. Helen decides to allow her to have a natural birth rather than a C-section, but Anne manages to break free, and after a violent struggle she wraps one of her chains around Helen\'s neck and strangles her. Helen rises up for one final shot, but misses and dies. As the police take Helen\'s body away, Anne emerges from the house with Jack and her new baby.'] ["{{plot}} Gillian Hayes is performing heart surgery to attempt to save the patient. Another doctor decides that saving the patient is hopeless. After the patient dies, Dr. Hayes was upset at the other doctor for giving up. The coroner said that it appears as if something had exploded from within the patient's chest. Lt. Tom Royko questioned Dr. Hayes in her office about the patient who died and Dr. Hayes suspected that Lt. Royko considered her to be a suspect. Royko said Hayes was not a suspect. Later, a nervous patient who is to receive a pacemaker is worried that something will go wrong during the surgery. Dr. Hayes assured the patient that it is such a common and safe procedure and sarcastically claimed that she could even perform the operation blindfolded. The patient said he realized this but was still nervous since it was his heart that was being operated on. A receptionist receives a phone call from someone who claims that there is a bomb in operating room #4 that will explode at 1:00. The receptionist looked at the clock which read approximately 12:50. The receptionist went into the operating room to tell them that there was a bomb in the room and that they needed to evacuate. Dr. Gillian Hayes was in the middle of surgery at the time, operating on the nervous patient, and said that evacuation was not an option. Another doctor asked if evacuation was an option for her. At 12:59, Dr. Hayes and the patient were the only ones in the room. Tom Royko came in and told Dr. Hayes that she needed to leave. Gillian Hayes refused to leave and was angry with Tom Royko for coming into the operating room unmasked and thus contaminating the patient. Lt. Royko pulled Dr. Hayes away from the patient just in time. The patient exploded right afterwards; it turns out that the bomb was in the pacemaker that Dr. Hayes had implanted during the surgery. Later, Lt. Royko told Dr. Hayes to compile a list of ex-boyfriends or other people who are possible suspects. Lt. Royko told Dr. Hayes that originally she was a suspect but that her refusal to leave the operating room took her off the list of potential suspects. A cellular phone was found in a Federal Express package in Dr. Hayes' office. The cellular phone was from the person planting the bombs. He gave the information about a flight which the next victim was a passenger. The cellular phone also displayed a number which was a countdown to when the bomb would explode. A hypothesis that Hayes and Royko had was that the count down was linked to the victim's heartbeat. They also realized that as soon as the pacemaker was removed it would explode. Dr. Hayes suggested attaching it to a simulator so that it would still think it is attached to the heart. The next victim was Mr. Benjamin McDonald who was in the airport as Dr. Hayes and Lt. Royko showed up. Mr. McDonald was called to the desk and Dr. Hayes and Lt. Royko informed him that something was wrong with the pacemaker. They brought Mr. McDonald into a different room where they attempted to remove the pacemaker, assuring him that everything would be fine. Dr. Hayes had isolated the pacemaker and was ready to be removed but unfortunately, the simulator had not arrived in time. Lt. Royko was given a shield to sit behind while he cut the pacemaker from a distance. Mr. McDonald's last words were to tell his wife and children that he loved them. Right after Lt. Royko cut the pacemaker, it exploded. Dr. Hayes eventually learned that it was Franklin who was planting the bombs. Franklin is someone whose 12 year old son died in surgery while being operated by Dr. Gillian Hayes. Franklin said that the next victim would be at an elementary school. Dr. Hayes said there was a little boy there who was a patient. Dr. Hayes and Lt. Royko arrived at the elementary school and brought the boy into a room to operate on. Lt. Royko pulled the fire alarm. During the operation, Dr. Hayes said that since the boy's heartrate has been accelerating but that the rate of countdown of Franklin's timer to when the bomb would explode did not speed up, then the countdown must not be linked to the patient's heartrate. Dr. Hayes removed the pacemaker and there was no explosion. Lt. Royko said that Franklin gave them too much time so he must have not wanted the boy to die. After Dr. Hayes and Lt. Royko went outside, Dr. Hayes recognized a teacher who was a patient of hers. However, they did not have enough time to remove the pacemaker and they did not have a simulator that would be used to make the pacemaker behave as if it is still attached to the heart. Lt. Royko told the teacher to come with him, and ran with her away from the students. The teacher's chest exploded as Royko was running with her away from the crowd. The teacher was killed but Lt. Royko was not harmed. Franklin then leaves a cake for Sean's birthday at Dr. Hayes' home. After officers come to check her house, Franklin calls, and says that tomorrow, on Sean's 14th birthday, he will kill 14 patients. Dr. Hayes and Lt. Royko must race against time to save them. After discovering Franklin's hideout in front of Dr. Hayes' office at the hospital, and his true plan, they must now race against time to save Lt. Royko's son, who Franklin has kidnapped. Franklin implanted a pacemaker in Lt. Royko's son, kidnaps Dr. Hayes as she is coming to the hospital basement, connects Lt. Royko's son's pacemaker with Dr. Hayes' pulse with a special device, and then commits suicide by jumping off the hospital roof with a bomb. Lt. Royko and Dr. Hayes rush to the hospital basement to save Lt. Royko's son just in time."] [' Famous big game hunter and author Bob Rainsford  is the sole survivor of a shipwreck. He swims to a small, lush island. He becomes the guest of the expatriate Russian Count Zaroff , a fellow hunting enthusiast. Zaroff remarks that Rainsford\'s misfortune is not uncommon; in fact, four people from the previous sinking are still staying with him: Eve Trowbridge , her brother Martin ([[Robert Armstrong , and two sailors. That night, Zaroff introduces Rainsford to the Trowbridges and reveals his obsession with hunting. During one of his hunts, a Cape buffalo inflicted a head wound on him. He eventually became bored of the sport, to his great consternation, until he discovered "the most dangerous game" on his island. Rainsford asks if he means tigers, but Zaroff denies it. Later, Eve shares her suspicions of Zaroff\'s intentions with the newcomer. The count took each sailor to see his trophy room, on different days, and both have mysteriously disappeared. She believes their host is responsible, but Bob is unconvinced. Then Martin vanishes as well. In their search for him, Rainsford and Eve end up in Zaroff\'s trophy room, where they find a man\'s head mounted on the wall. Then, Zaroff and his men appear, carrying Martin\'s body. Zaroff expects Rainsford to view the matter like him and is gravely disappointed when Bob calls him a madman. He decides that, as Bob refuses to be a fellow hunter, he must be the next prey. If Rainsford can stay alive until sunrise, Zaroff promises him and Eve their freedom. However, he has never lost the game of what he calls "outdoor chess". Eve decides to go with Rainsford. Eventually, they are trapped by a waterfall. When Rainsford is attacked by a hunting dog, Zaroff shoots and the young man falls into the water. Zaroff takes Eve back to his fortress to enjoy his prize. However, the dog was shot, not Rainsford. Rainsford fights first Zaroff, then his henchmen, killing the henchmen. As Rainsford and Eve speed away in a motor boat, the dying Zaroff tries to shoot them. Unsuccessful, he succumbs to his wounds. He falls out of a window into the pack of his frenzied hunting dogs.'] ["Commercial artist James Vanning  and his friend, Dr. Edward Gurston , are on a hunting and fishing trip in Wyoming. They stop to help two men whose car has crashed. John  and Red  are bank robbers, fleeing with $350,000 in loot, who don't plan on leaving any witnesses. They murder Gurston using Vanning's hunting rifle, but through luck Vanning survives. He's knocked out cold but is still alive. He awakens to discover the stolen money, left behind by mistake, and runs with it from the returning hoods. He gets away but loses the bag in the blizzard. Much later, at a cafe in Los Angeles, Vanning makes the acquaintance of Marie Gardner , a model. He is ambushed by John and Red, but once again gets away. Marie falls for Vanning and travels by bus with him to Wyoming, tailed by an insurance investigator named Fraser ([[James Gregory  who has been following the case all along. John and Red have found the money and get the drop on the other three. The crooks double-cross one another, however, and one is shot dead. Vanning fights with the other, who is killed by a snow plow. The insurance man will clear Vanning, who is now free to marry Marie."] ['A group of high school seniors decide to create a secret society and have fun cruising around campus, pulling pranks and having poker parties in an abandoned boiler room. However, the circle decides to escalate things, by cheating on an exam. They all get "A"\'s, but Mr. Spencer Runcie is convinced that they cheated, but just cannot prove it. The circle of friends and every other student who got an "A" are sent before an honor committee, where someone does name one name: Frazier, who is expelled. Although Runcie will not say who the rat is, the circle suspects that it is the nerdy Faulkner. His roommate and fellow circle member, Alex, who has been helping Faulkner impress a girl, Tess, with some love letters, assures his fellow circle members that Faulkner is not the rat. However, one of the circle members is convinced that Faulker is the rat, and when Faulkner is found in the river and dies soon afterwards, Alex is convinced that he was murdered by someone in the circle. His suspicions are rejected by the administration, until the police get involved, and one circle member, Jetson Harlow, is arrested, but later released. When the circle learns that Smitty was the rat, they decide to kidnap Smitty and force him to confess to the murder. Smitty does so, and confesses to having dressed up as a lady and having some type of sexual relationship with Runcie. Smitty killed Faulkner because he was convinced that Faulkner knew that he was the rat, and told Runcie about it after the fact. Runcie is wounded in a fight between him and Smitty, and the police arrive in time to arrest Smitty, and to take Runcie to the hospital. Having been able to avoid being expelled for cheating, the remaining circle of friends graduate.'] ["Dr. Alice Dodgson  gets her medical license revoked and is fired from her job after the death of a patient. After being fearful of a patient's words of voodoo cults, she travels to Jamaica. There, she realizes that she, and her patient Wesley Claybourne , are the target of a voodoo cult.Ritual"] ["The film is about rivalry and betrayal between two brothers. One is a candidate for Prime Minister and the other is a henchman for a businessman. When one is given the opportunity to take revenge against the other, he must come to terms with the truth and face a world where trust doesn't exist and loyalty is rare."] ['When her husband George disappears after a flight up to northern BC\'s interior wilderness to search for gold, Andrea Spalding  contacts Jean Dupre  for help, who is serendipitously available for hire after intimidating a surly Mollyco corporate superior/passenger with aerobatics in a company Cessna 206, then landing, exiting and walking away from the aircraft as it continues to taxi onto an active runway with said superior still aboard and into the path of a landing Cessna 185. Together, Dupre and Spalding embark on their search in a neglected de Havilland Canada DHC-2 Beaver, along the way encountering a mechanical breakdown and gypsy fisherman Elijah , who earnestly urges them to stay away from "Headwater". On arrival at Headwater, Dupre accidentally crashes the plane during the water landing, yet he and Spalding survive, shaken but unhurt. From there the movie evolves into a plot of suspicious activities and a hermitous prospector , and then into a whodunit mystery/adventure, involving mistaken identities , the truth about Spalding\'s husband, greed and murder.'] ['Jesse Lujack  is a cocky, nihilistic drifter in Las Vegas, obsessed with Marvel Silver Surfer comic books, the rock and roll music of Jerry Lee Lewis and Monica Poiccard , a UCLA architecture undergraduate whom he knows only from a weekend fling in Vegas. As the film opens late at night, he steals a Porsche, intending to drive to Los Angeles. As he speeds down the highway and looks through the owner\'s possessions, he discovers an automatic handgun in the vehicle\'s glovebox. Seeing his reckless driving, a policeman gives chase and Jesse is forced off the road and becomes stuck. When the policeman orders him to step away from the car, Lujack impulsively grabs the gun and shoots the officer. Fleeing to Los Angeles, Lujack finds his picture splashed all over the newspaper and TV news as the "cop killer." On the run, under the alias of Jack Burns, he breaks into Monica\'s apartment and waits for her to return home. She discovers him naked in her bed. She initially declines his advances but later has sex with him in her shower. He then moves in with her. She is captivated by this reckless American and resumes her affair with him. However, she is a star student with big plans and Jesse is jealous of the powerful, successful men in her life. After Jesse\'s photograph appears in the newspaper, he is recognized on the street right after dropping Monica off at an architecture-school outing downtown. The police find her and question her on the street. She seems increasingly ambivalent about Jesse, repelled by his instability but drawn to his sense of risk and danger; she does not turn him in. When the police start following her right before Jesse comes back to pick her up, she impulsively accepts his offer to flee to Mexico together. On the way to Mexico, Monica finds that her picture is on the front page of the national newspaper alongside Jesse\'s. Realizing the impossibility of her romantic fantasy, she phones the police, but then returns to tell him she did so and plead with him. The police corner them on the street, and he sings Jerry Lee Lewis\' "Breathless" to her before grabbing a gun from the ground at his feet as she runs towards him. The film ends in a freeze-frame of Jesse turning to face the police with the gun.'] ['Dr. Guy Luthan  is a New York emergency room doctor who one night comes across a strange patient: a homeless man who has a wristband from a hospital he\'s not familiar with, mentioning a drug he\'s never heard of, and with strange symptoms, including a wildly fluctuating heart rate. When the man dies, Guy attempts to follow up and find out more about the patient - only to find that the body and all records have disappeared, and he\'s told by his superiors to drop the case. As he continues trying to find out what happened, his personal and professional life get suddenly sidetracked. His home is ransacked and cocaine is planted near his bedside. The police arrest him and he is convicted and in the process he loses his job, the ability to ever practice medicine anywhere in the world and virtually all of his friends. In desperation, he manages to get the help of some homeless men who lead him to their underground home. His ER patient who died also had lived there. Through them he\'s led to an organization, led by Dr. Myrick , that performs spinal experiments on the homeless people, all of whom have died thus far, in an attempt to find a cure for paralysis. Myrick attempts to sway Luthan to join his team telling him that these people are heroes and losing one to save millions is worth the sacrifice. Dr. Luthan admits that while there is some truth in what Myrick says, he states they have not chosen to be heroes, which makes Myrick a murderer. Myrick is shot and accidentally killed by rogue FBI Agent Frank Hare ([[David Morse . Later, Mrs. Myrick hands the discs and documentation regarding the research to Luthan telling him "my husband was trying to do a good thing, but in the wrong way". He opens the package, views the materials and proceeds towards the neurology building where he is now working.'] ['Holmes fakes his own death in order to investigate a number of bizarre apparent suicides that he is convinced are part of an elaborate plot by "a female Moriarty". Holmes notes that all the victims were wealthy gamblers, so disguised as "Rajni Singh", a distinguished Indian officer, he stalks London\'s gaming clubs. It is not long before he encounters the villain of the piece, Adrea  Spedding. Holmes discovers that she seeks out men short of money, persuades them to pawn their life insurance policies with her accomplices, then kills them. Holmes sets himself up as her next victim, discovering that she uses the deadly spider, Lycosa Carnivora, whose venom causes such excruciating pain that the victims kill themselves. Holmes also finds the footprint of a child nearby. Searching for evidence Holmes and Watson visit eminent arachnologist Matthew Ordway, who may have supplied the deadly creatures. Holmes soon realizes that the man he is speaking to is an imposter, but the villain makes his escape. Searching the premises Holmes finds the corpse of the real Audway, as well as his journals, which allude to something or someone from Central Africa immune to the spider venom. This baffles Holmes until he finds the skeleton of a child. However, Dr. Watson points out that the proportions are all wrong, so it cannot be a child, but a pygmy. Holmes and Watson continue their investigations at a nearby fairground, but Holmes falls into the clutches of Spedding and her gang. Bound and gagged, Holmes is tied behind a moving target in a shooting gallery, at which Lestrade and Watson take pot shots with a .22 rifle. However Holmes manages to escape, and Lestrade and the police arrest Spedding, her gang, and the pygmy. The film ends with Holmes theorizing that the best place to commit a murder would be in a crowded place... as he and Watson gradually disappear into the crowd.David Stuart Davies, Holmes of the Movies  ISBN 450 03358 9'] ['In New York City, four heavily armed men with code names , wearing similar trenchcoat and mustache disguises, board at different station stops (Green at 59th Street, Grey at 51st Street, Brown at Grand Central, and finally Blue at [[28th Street  on the Pelham 123 subway train run of the 6 Lexington Avenue Local service. The men take the train, securing a group of seventeen passengers whom they hold hostage, isolating them in one of the train\'s cars and then separating the car from the rest of the train. Meanwhile, Lieutenant Zachary Garber , a cynical and curmudgeonly yet light-hearted New York City Transit Authority police lieutenant, begins his day by leading four visiting Tokyo Metro directors on a tour of New York\'s subway command-center. This is interrupted by Blue\'s radio announcement to the command center that "your train has been taken." Blue ([[Robert Shaw , the English-accented leader of the hijackers, tells Garber they are demanding a ransom of one million dollars, to be delivered to them within one hour; otherwise they will kill one passenger per minute, starting when the hour has passed. Garber, the sarcastic Lieutenant Rico Patrone , and other transit workers cooperate while trying to guess how the criminals intend to escape the subway tunnel and get away. Various clues soon surface for Garber to figure out, first with his hearing of Blue\'s very distinctive English accent over the radio. It later turns out that Blue was a ruthless British mercenary, and Green  is a former transit worker who from time to time sneezes over the radio and is heard by Garber, who responds by saying "Gesundheit." Garber also learns that one of the hostages is an undercover police officer. The mayor finally agrees to pay the ransom at the urging of his deputy mayor and his wife  The police dispatch a squad car carrying the ransom money. When the car is wrecked in a collision, Garber daringly bluffs to buy some time, telling the hijackers that the money already has been delivered to the 28th Street Station and only the walk down the tunnel is delaying it. A reluctant Blue agrees to the delay. A police motorcycle completes the trip from the scene of the collision to the subway station and two unarmed officers are sent down the track on foot to deliver the money to the hijackers. With the money finally in hand, the hijackers demand that electric power be restored to the subway line, and that all signals in the path of the train be turned green from 28th Street to South Ferry, both of these being necessary for the car to move. Having overridden the subway car\'s dead-man\'s switch, which would otherwise ensure its stopping unless someone remained at the throttle, the hijackers get off the train and set it in motion. As the train starts to move, the undercover officer also jumps off the train and hides between the rails. The car begins to travel faster and faster, since no one is controlling its speed. Outside the tunnel, Garber and Inspector Daniels are convinced that the runaway train is a diversion and that the hijackers must have left the train. The hijackers divide the ransom money, discard their disguises, and start their escape into the tunnel\'s emergency exit; however, Grey refuses to leave his gun behind as agreed and is shot dead by Blue. The undercover officer, still hiding in the tracks, manages to kill Brown with one shot. Green escapes onto the street, while Blue shoots at the undercover officer until he wounds him. Garber arrives after Green has gotten away and, drawing on Blue, orders him to surrender just as Blue is about to shoot the undercover officer dead. Blue asks Garber if the death penalty is available in the state of New York anymore. Told that it is not, Blue responds, "Pity", then promptly electrocutes himself by stepping onto the third rail while a horrified Garber watches. Entering the South Ferry Loop, the runaway car finally encounters a red signal. The car\'s emergency brakes are tripped and it grinds to a halt; the remaining hostages are all safe. With three of the hijackers dead, information is brought up on their identities. None of the three are found to have any experience piloting trains. Green, the only hijacker to escape, has left as a clue only Garber\'s surmise that one of the hijackers must be an ex-motorman of the New York Transit Authority . With the dead three all identified, Garber realizes that the hijacker still at large must be the former transit employee. Garber and Patrone, working their way through a list of former motormen "discharged for cause" , pay a visit to Harold Longman. Longman—known to the audience as Mr. Green—is shown rolling in the packs of ransom money on the bed in his seedy efficiency apartment when Garber and Patrone knock on his door. He hides the money quickly, then opens to the officers and bluffs his way through their questioning. The officers find Longman\'s alibi weak, but start out the door, until Longman sneezes and Garber says "Gesundheit." Garber then re-opens the door, the expression on his face indicating that he knows he has just found the final hijacker.'] ["Brothers Terry  and Ian , who live in South London, were raised by a weak father  who runs a restaurant, and a strong mother ([[Clare Higgins  who taught her sons to look up to their uncle Howard , a successful businessman. Both brothers decide to buy a sailboat, which they are given at an oddly low price, despite its near pristine condition. They decide to name it Cassandra's Dream, after the greyhound that won the race in which Terry won the money to buy the boat. Knowing nothing of Greek mythology, they are unaware of the ominous antecedents of this name: the ancient prophetess Cassandra, whose prophecies of doom went unheeded by those around her. After a day sailing with their current girlfriends and while driving back home in a borrowed car, Ian crosses paths with beautiful actress Angela Stark , with whom he falls in love. The brothers' financial difficulties&nbsp;&ndash; Terry has a gambling problem, while Ian wishes to invest in hotels in California to finance a new life with Angela&nbsp;&ndash; lead them to ask for Howard's help. He agrees to help them, but asks for a favor in return: They must murder someone for him. He admits that he is about to go to jail because of accusations coming from Martin Burns, a business partner who plans to testify against him, and asks his two nephews if they can help to get rid of him. After initial reluctance, the two brothers agree. They make a working zip gun from metal and wood, planning to burn it afterwards. In an initial attempt, they wait in Burns' home; unexpectedly he is accompanied by a woman. Panicked, they leave and agree to commit the murder the next day. In the next attempt, they succeed in carrying out the murder, and burn the gun. Ian is content to move on as if nothing happened, but Terry, high-strung by nature, is consumed by guilt and begins abusing alcohol and pills. This frightens his girlfriend , who meets Ian to tell him about the situation, mentioning that Terry believes he has killed someone. Terry's behavior begins to get out of control, thus terrifying Ian. After Terry confides to his brother that he's thinking about turning himself in to the police, Ian goes to Howard for advice. Together, they agree there is no other alternative but to get rid of Terry. Ian then plans to poison Terry during a trip on the boat. In the end, however, Ian can't bring himself to kill his own brother and attacks him in a fit of rage. In the chaos, Terry knocks Ian down the steps into the cabin, killing him. The boat is later discovered adrift by the police, and the audience learns that Terry, who was already suicidal, snapped and drowned himself after killing his brother. The last shot is of Cassandra's Dream, still in beautiful condition despite the tragedies it set in motion."] [' Fay Forrester  is an attractive young woman who wants to escape from her abusive boyfriend Vince . She hires Jack Andrews , a second class private investigator, to arrange her "death". She wants to restart her life with a new identity and the money she got from helping Vince commit robberies. Due to Jack\'s financial problems, he joins Fay after her fake death. Unfortunately, Vince finds out that Fay is still alive. The hunt for Jack, Fay and the money begins. {{clear left}}'] ['The morning after a violent thunderstorm, David Drayton  and his wife Stephanie  check outside to find many broken windows and their boathouse collapsed. David decides to go to the local grocery store to buy supplies, bringing his neighbor Brent Norton , and his five-year-old son, Billy . The store is crowded with people who are also recovering from the storm. The power grid has gone down, leaving the store with only a generator for the refrigeration units. A panicked man, Dan Miller  runs into the store with a bloody nose warning of something dangerous in the oncoming mist, which envelops the store making it impossible to see outside. A siege mentality starts to form. Mrs. Carmody , a religious fanatic, believes that this is the beginning of Armageddon. A visibly shaken woman, , exclaims that she must return to her children at home. She implores others for help, but eventually leaves alone. Shortly afterward, David and Billy befriend a teacher named Amanda Dumfries . David, as well as mechanics Myron  and Jim ([[William Sadler , bag-boy Norm ([[Chris Owen , and assistant manager Ollie Weeks  investigate the loading bay generator and find that the exhaust vent is plugged. Norm volunteers to go outside and unplug the vent. When the door is opened, Norm is snatched and devoured by a mass of tentacles. The group convinces most of the survivors that there are dangerous creatures outside, but Norton and a few other skeptics decide to venture outside to seek rescue. One of them volunteers to be tied to a rope so that David can measure how far they go. After disappearing into the mist, the rope is suddenly dragged, and David pulls it back to find only the man\'s lower body at the end of it. At night, enormous flying insects land on the windows and pterodactyl-like animals prey on them, eventually causing the glass to break. Two people are killed and one is badly burned. Mrs. Carmody is mysteriously spared by one of the insects when she prays. After the invasion, Carmody starts fire-and-brimstone preaching and quickly gains followers among the distraught survivors. David and a group of volunteers attempt to retrieve medical supplies for the burn victim from the neighboring pharmacy. The pharmacy appears to be empty, but its patrons have been ensnared in webs. David\'s party also discovers an American MP who has been webbed to a pillar. The MP gasps that the mist was "their fault" and begs to be freed of the webbing, but his chest is covered with large pustules which then burst into many small spiders. David\'s party is then attacked by dozens of otherworldly spider like monsters. Two members of David\'s party are killed by the acidic webbing of the spider creatures, and the surviving members flee the pharmacy with the supplies. At the store, two of the soldiers have committed suicide and the remaining soldier, Private Jessup , reveals that the local military base was filled with rumors about Project Arrowhead - an attempt to look into other dimensions, but the scientists responsible for the experiment may have inadvertently opened a doorway into a dimension containing the creatures that surround them. Jim, who since the trip to the pharmacy has thrown in with Ms. Carmody, overhears this discussion and drags Private Jessup before Mrs. Carmody, revealing that the soldiers and the Arrowhead project are responsible for their plight. Ms. Carmody whips the congregation into a killing fury, urging them to sacrifice Jessup so that the creatures will leave them alone. Jessup is repeatedly stabbed and thrown out of the store, where he is grabbed by a large crab-like creature and taken away. Fearing Mrs. Carmody\'s congregation, David and a handful of survivors secretly gather supplies and embrace David\'s earlier idea to flee. The next morning David and his group are intercepted by Mrs. Carmody, who destroys the supplies and again begins to whip her followers into a frenzy. She orders her followers to murder David and everyone in his group, but is shot and killed by Ollie, forcing her horrified followers to step aside and allow David\'s group to leave. While running to the car, Ollie, Myron and Cornell are killed by creatures, and Bud Brown runs back to the store and is allowed back inside. Amanda, David, Billy, Dan and Irene  make it to the car and David retrieves Ollie\'s gun. They drive past the store window, as Bud Brown and Mrs. Carmody\'s former followers watch. Driving through the mist, David returns home to find his wife dead, webbed into a corner. Heartbroken and in tears, he drives the group south, glimpsing destruction. The group encounters a gigantic tentacled beast, hundreds of feet tall, that casually strides past them. Eventually they run out of gas and pull over, disheartened that they hadn\'t seen any other survivors. While Billy is sleeping, the four adults discuss their fate and decide that there is no point in going on. With four bullets left in the gun and five people in the car, David shoots and kills Amanda, Dan, Irene and his son. Distraught and determined to die, David exits the vehicle in anguish. He turns towards a loud approaching rumble and out of the mist comes a self-propelled artillery vehicle, followed by a squad of soldiers equipped with NBC suits and flamethrowers killing the monsters. The mist recedes and several trucks of soldiers and survivors pass David. Among them are various people from the market and the one woman who walked out by herself and her two young children. Realizing that they were only moments from being rescued and that he just killed four people including his own son needlessly, a distraught David falls to his knees screaming while soldiers look on in confusion.'] ['In the prologue, the film depicts a panicky man who, for unknown reasons, murders his wife with a shotgun. The main storyline opens with Jack and Stephanie, a bickering young couple, who are lost while driving through the backwoods. We soon learn that they are on their way to meet a marriage counselor. After getting bad directions from a state trooper, the couple get into a car accident when they run over some spiked metal in the road, which Jack dismisses as discarded scrap metal; they find another car which has experienced the same fate, but the occupants are missing. Forced to proceed on foot, Jack and Stephanie find the gothic Wayside Inn, where they try to phone for help. At the inn, they meet the occupants of the other car, the engaged couple Leslie and Randy. Because the phones are inoperative, both couples are forced to spend the night at the inn, which is staffed only by the eccentric proprieter Betty, her creepy son Pete , and the gruff caretaker Stewart. After a tense dinner, in which personalities clash, the group is terrorized by a legendary local figure, the Tin Man. Armed with a shotgun, the Tin Man attempts to get into the Wayside Inn. The staff locks the Tin Man out, and he responds by giving them a message scrawled on the side of a tin can. The message declares that he will kill everyone in the house unless they give him one dead body by sunrise. The staff, blaming their guests for attracting the Tin Man\'s attention, attempts to lock them in the freezing meat locker, threatening to leave them there for weeks. A fight ensues, and the guests realize that there is a supernatural presence in the house when Betty is injured in the struggle and bleeds black fog. The couples escape the meat locker, but are unable to leave the house, which assaults them with terrifying visions involving their worst memories. For Jack and Stephanie, the visions involve their daughter, who died after falling through the ice in a skating accident. For Randy, the visions involve his abusive father. For Leslie, the visions involve an uncle named Pete, who sexually abused her when she was a little girl; these visions are intensified by the similar lusts of Pete who lives at the Wayside Inn. Confused by the visions, the four guests find themselves separated. Jack meets Susan, a young girl who has been held captive by the staff. Susan reminds Jack of his deceased daughter, especially after she claims to have been in contact with her spirit; Susan assures Jack, and later Stephanie, that their daughter is in a good place. Emotionally tormented by the visions, stalked by the homicidal Wayside staff, and under constant threat from the Tin Man, all four guests succumb to the various pressures and start to turn on each other. Shortly after, they discover that the staff worships the Devil, Jack is split into two identical people; both seem to think of themselves as the "real" Jack, yet both bleed black mist when injured, making it impossible for anyone to figure out which is the real Jack and which is the doppelganger. These couples almost escape when they are aided by Officer Lawdale , but they are recaptured when Lawdale turns out to be working with the Wayside staff. Lawdale and the Wayside staff try to force the couples to appease the Tin Man by choosing one of themselves to kill. Past tensions initially lead the viewer to believe that Randy will resolve the situation by killing Jack, but he instead turns the gun on Susan. Jack deflects the gun but Susan is hit. Desperate to appease the Tin Man, Leslie and Randy kill each other. Lawdale reveals that he is the Tin Man, and that he and the Wayside staffers are all manifestations of pure evil. Jack and Stephanie defeat their captors by channeling the energy of pure good that is flowing from Susan\'s dead body. Finally able to escape the inn, Jack and Stephanie trek back to their car, where they discover their unconscious bodies, as well as the dead bodies of Leslie and Randy; they realize that their entire experience at the inn was nothing more than a shared out of body experience. As Jack and Stephanie wake up and are taken away in an ambulance, they are watched over by a resurrected Susan, who observes that their love for each other has been reawakened by the events at the Wayside Inn. As the couple ride off in an ambulance, Jack looks out the window to see Lawdale laughing at him from the front gate of the Wayside, with the caretakers watching out of an upstairs window.'] ['Allison "Allie" Jones  is a software designer in New York City, engaged to Sam Rawson ([[Steven Weber . In the middle of the night, Sam\'s ex-wife calls, and it is revealed that he slept with her recently; Allie breaks off the engagement and asks him to leave. The next morning she attends a business lunch with Mitchell Myerson , a fashion house owner who is looking to buy Allie\'s revolutionary new program. He manipulates her into significantly lowering the cost, on the basis that his recommendations within the industry will be her future business. As he is her first and only client, she accepts. Allie advertises for a new roommate. She eventually settles on Hedra Carlson , whom she decided to nickname "Hedy", and they become friends. Hedy tells of how she was supposed to be a twin but her twin was stillborn, leaving her with a constant feeling of loneliness. After a few weeks, however, Hedy reveals her true nature: secretive, manipulative and deeply disturbed. She erases Sam\'s phone messages when he calls to plead with Allie for a reconciliation, and takes a letter he sends for her. She secretly buys a puppy and pretends it was a stray in order to bond with Allie. Her behavior worsens when Sam returns in person and is able to win Allie back. Fearing she will be kicked out of the apartment in favor of Sam, Hedy does everything possible to make Sam look bad, even killing the puppy and making it look like it was his fault. Hedy then copies Allie\'s appearance, right down to her hairstyle. Myerson attempts to rape Allie on completion of their deal, insinuating that if she does not submit to him, he will warn off future clients and not pay her. She fights back and escapes. Allie finds a box in Hedy\'s room containing Sam\'s letter, Hedy\'s real name , and newspaper clippings revealing her twin sister actually drowned when they were nine. She follows an unaware Hedy that night to an underground sex club, and witnesses her passing herself off as Allie. Utterly disturbed, she seeks out her friend Graham, who insists she get Hedy to move out. Hedy overhears their conversation and later attacks Graham. Hedy, posing as Allie, sneaks into Sam\'s hotel room and performs oral sex on him. Afterwards Hedy attempts to blackmail Sam but he insists on telling Allie the truth. Hedy kills him by gouging his eye with her stiletto heel. As she leaves his apartment complex, the doorman mistakes her for Allie. The next day Hedy tells Allie she is about to leave. Later Allie sees a news report on Sam\'s death, realizes what has happened and tries to leave. Hedy takes Allie hostage at gunpoint. She states she intends to frame Allie for Sam\'s murder since any witnesses will assume they are the same person, forcing Allie to run away with her in order to evade arrest. As Myerson did not make the full payment to Allie, her anti-theft software activates and erases his files. He comes to the apartment building looking for Allie and, finding her tied up, attempts to free her. Before he can set her free, however, Hedy sneaks up on him and kills him. A violent fight ensues, during which Graham regains consciousness and is able to briefly assist Allie. The struggle ends with Allie stabbing Hedy to death. In an epilogue, Allie narrates that she has finally moved on. She forgives Hedy for killing Sam, and herself for killing Hedy, as she believes Hedy\'s downfall was an example of how survivor\'s guilt can destroy someone. The film ends with a closeup of a photograph presumably made by Hedy of their faces superimposed into one; it lies partly hidden from view amongst Allie\'s possessions.'] ["Jake Peterson  is a dedicated vice unit detective, whose strong-will and dedication to duty begins to take a toll on his marriage to wife Rebecca . Jake's father, Bill Peterson  is a veteran detective in the same unit as Jake. As well as the strain of a troubled marriage, Jake is also under pressure to live up to his fathers reputation. After the death of a fellow detective, both Jake and his father make it their personal mission to bring the killer or killers to justice. In doing so, they uncover a drug ring smuggling drugs from Mexico into Phoenix, Arizona and quickly discover just how vast and dangerous the smuggling operation really is."] ["{{Plot}} The film opens to people playing the bongo drums, and then to a house on Skull Mountain, where Pauline Christophe, an old woman on her death bed. A priest is blessing her, as her butler, Thomas and his wife Louette, stand by. Pauline then gives the priest four letters, and tells him not to let anyone read them, and mail them right away, she then pulls out a box filled with voodoo dolls and dies. Flash to a hand lighting a black candle on top of a skull, as the credits fill the screen. It is now a couple days after Pauline's death, and Lorena, one of Pauline's great-grand children, is driving along the highway up the hill towards Skull Mountain. Phillipe, another great-grand child, is also driving to the house, and begins to annoy Lorena by honking at her, and eventually rear-ending her. She then pulls over, as he drives by, and sees the creepy house she is going to, and starts to have second thoughts. Phillipe continues on, only to see a skull appear and disappear in front of his car, after doing this a couple times, Phillipe almost crashes off the cliff and pulls over, only to have an irritated Lorena drive by him. Lorena arrives at the house and meets the priest, while Louette stands by the gravediggers who are about to bury Pauline, since her funeral ended an hour ago. As she stands watching, a raven drops the voodoo symbol of death, a string of beads tied at the end with feathers, onto the coffin in the ground. As Louette watches in horror, the beads start to bleed and then burst into flame, burning through the coffin, and causing thick smoke to fill the air, and Louette hurriedly tells the gravediggers to bury the coffin. Lorena finds out that Pauline has died, and has entitled her as part of the will, which wasn't mentioned in the letter. Thomas takes her things inside, and Lorena finds that Phillipe has arrived and is her cousin, and confronts him. She finds out that he is a horny, annoying twenty year old, and befriends him, despite his flaws and personality. Louette tells Thomas what she saw, and that she is scared, and Thomas just tells her it's her imagination, as she goes to take Lorena and Phillipe to their rooms. While doing this, Phillipe discovers Pauline's old elevator, and finds that it doesn't work. Meanwhile, another relative, Harriet Johnson is aboard a plane heading to the town, and sees a figure in a hooded robe, staring at her, and screams only to have it disappear and the other passengers give her weird looks. She finally arrives at the house, during the night, while it's storming. She is introduced to everyone, who are about to eat supper. The will reader arrives, but finds that he can't read it, for not all four of them are there, and says he will be back in one week. The three relatives then begin to discuss with Thomas why they're the only ones there. Thomas tells them that they never met Pauline, so she wanted them to come, and then describes why there is voodoo related material around the house, as Louette watches from behind a door. They are interrupted by a white, drenched man: the fourth relative, Dr. Andrew Cunninham. They introduce themselves, and Phillipe begins to call him out for being the only white relative, before they go and eat supper. After, Philippe begins to look around, and is scared by Thomas who is walking around the house. Philippe tells him he doesn't believe in voodoo and picks up a feathered bead, throwing it in Thomas' face, then going to get drunk. Lorena is inside her room, when a skull appears in her mirror, then her windows spring open and a robed skeleton appears, making her scream and run out into the hallway. She meets a drunken Philippe, who tries to kiss her, only to be sent away by Andrew, who comes to Lorena's rescue. Philippe then walks downstairs, and sees that the elevator door is open, and starts to go towards it, led by an imaginary Lorena. Thomas then begins a voodoo ritual with a needle and voodoo doll: as Philippe walks into the shaft, Thomas plunges the needle into the doll, and Philippe plunges to his death down the empty elevator shaft. Everyone is drawn to his screams, and Andrew goes down and finds Philippe's dead body along with the feathered beads. The sheriff is called and takes the body to perform an autopsy to see if alcohol was the factor or not, and forces the others to stay till he can figure it out. The next morning, Lorena and Andrew decide to go to into town to get away for a while, and begin to fall in love, while Harriet stays back at the house to help Thomas and Louette. After purchasing some plants, Andrew and Lorena are bombarded with a storm, and go back to the house. Harriet meanwhile, finds a creepy looking plant in the dining room, and discovers a snake inside, and then watches as it disappears! She quickly goes to her room, only to see the lock on Pauline's door fall off. She goes into the room and sees a voodoo shrine, and as she's looking at it, the rocking chair begins to move. She goes over to see who's there, and is bit on the arms by the rattlesnake sitting in the chair, falling unconscious. Andrew and Lorena find her and quickly take her to the doctor, while Thomas starts his ritual again, this time pulling out another voodoo doll. While Andrew is driving Lorena and Harriet, Harriet awakens and sees the hooded figure again. She starts to scream, only to die after Thomas stabs the needle into the second doll. Andrew is pulled over by the police who discover she is dead, and have them drive to the hospital, where they drop Harriet's body off. Then Andrew informs Lorena on the feathered beads he found at Philippe and Harriet's death, and decides to go back to figure it all out, taking a frightened Lorena with him. Andrew begins to read one of the many voodoo books in the house, while keeping watch of Lorena who is sleeping. Andrew begins to fall asleep, as Thomas once again performs a ritual, in which a snake slithers all over Lorena's sleeping body, until she awakens and faints. Then she is put into a trance, and gets up and leaves the room. Andrew awakens to discover Lorena is gone, and begins to look for her. He finds Louette downstairs, who leads him to the place where Lorena had gone: a passageway at the bottom of the elevator shaft. Andrew goes in and discovers Louette is gone, and enters a room filled with a bunch of people dancing to a voodoo ritual, all around Louette, who is now tied to a pole in the center of the room. During the ritual, a male dancer begins to dance around with a snake, and Thomas comes out with a knife slashing at Louette who is begging him to snap out of it. Then the male dancer starts to slash at Louette, and Thomas and the dancer take turns scaring her by slashing close to her face and stomach. Then Thomas takes the knife and stabs Louette in the chest, killing her. He then starts to dance and pulls Lorena out from the crowd to join in the ritual, only to have Andrew come in with a machete. Lorena starts to snap out of it, as Thomas magically makes a machete appear in his hand. The two men fight, while the dancer attacks Andrew. After knocking the dancer out, Andrew has his machete knocked out of his hands. As Thomas swings his machete at him, Andrew grabs the skull on a stick that the dancers were all worshiping, using it as a defense. Thomas splits it, and everyone screams. All the lights go out and Andrew finds he is the only one in the room and quickly goes to find Lorena, who is in Pauline's bed upstairs. All of sudden Thomas comes in, telling Andrew that Lorena is his and will do anything he wants, and makes her wake up. Andrew stops her from going closer to Thomas, and shakes her out of the trance, only to have Thomas start to perform a voodoo ritual to get Pauline to come out of her grave. Pauline's grave out back then starts on fire, and she rises from the dead, coming into the house and into the room to kill Andrew. However, Andrew read the voodoo book, and he puts a reversal spell on Pauline who then comes after Thomas. Thomas accidentally backs up, and falls through the window, crashing to his death on the fence. Pauline goes back to her grave, ending all the horror in the house. The next morning, Andrew asks Lorena to stay with him in the house, now that he's inherited it. She tells him she has to go, and he takes her to her car."] ["William Shatner plays the role of Aidan Carvell, a businessman running for Congress as an independent candidate with what is presented as a broadly libertarian agenda. Unknown to the public, Carvell is training and arming a militia force. Though the purpose of this private army is never wholly specified, a general sense of sinister intent is established. Carvell's political campaign manager Frank Jennings  is persuaded by the FBI to assist them in indicting Carvell for treason. Carvell sets out to punish Jennings for this betrayal, requiring Jennings to fight for his own safety as well as that of his family."] ["A newspaper photographer, Jean Janes, travels to the Isles of Shoals off the New Hampshire coast with her husband Thomas, an award-winning poet; his brother Rich, and Rich's girlfriend Adaline. She is researching the murder of two immigrant women in 1873. In a twist of fate, Jean discovers archived papers that appear to give an account of the murders. According to the papers, a third woman, a Norwegian immigrant named Maren Hontvedt, survived the attack by Louis Wagner. The plot unfolds the narrative of the papers and Hontvedt's testimony against Wagner. Jean privately struggles with jealousy and increasing suspicion as she suspects her husband of infidelity with Adaline."] ['A young dentist  working in a British prison starts to become attracted to a violent inmate  after the break-up of her marriage, and embarks upon an illicit affair with him.'] ['A man calling himself "Ryder" , along with three other heavily armed men Bashkim , Emri  and former train operator Phil Ramos , take Pelham 123, a {{NYCS}} that had departed from Pelham Bay Park Station at 1:23 p.m, uncoupling the front car from the rest of the train and taking the passengers hostage. MTA employee Walter Garber , a former assistant chief transportation officer, is working the Rail Control Center as a train dispatcher and receives the ransom call from Ryder, who demands $10 million in cash be paid within 60 minutes, and warns that for every minute past the deadline they force Ryder to wait, he will execute a hostage. Bashkim kills a plainclothes Transit Police officer attempting to arrest him. He and Ramos then allow all the people not in the front car to be released except for motorman Jerry Pollard . Garber reluctantly negotiates with Ryder and develops a rapport, while Ramos and Emri set up a wi-fi booster apparatus to enable Ryder internet access in the tunnel on his laptop computer. He uses it to watch the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunge nearly 1,000 points during the next hour in response to the taking. The booster also reconnects one of the passenger\'s laptop after it was casually knocked to the floor by the hijackers; its webcam facing the car\'s interior. The link reestablishes the passenger\'s videochat to his girlfriend\'s desktop, which she then gives to a local television station, allowing the authorities to use it as a live feed. It also allows the people at RCC to see what\'s going on; they see Ramos and Ryder later on. Lieutenant Camonetti  of the NYPD Emergency Service Unit, also known as the Hostage Negotiation Team, enters RCC to take over negotiations and Garber is ordered by his boss to leave the premises. The change infuriates Ryder, who shoots and kills the train\'s motorman in order to force Camonetti to bring Garber back. Camonetti learns Garber is being investigated for allegedly accepting a $35,000 bribe to recommend a Japanese car manufacturer for the next subway car contract, thus his demotion to train dispatching. He becomes suspicious and asks Garber to consent to a search of his home. Ryder also discovers the allegations through online news reports and forces Garber to confess by threatening to kill a passenger. Garber explains he took the bribe to pay his kids\' tuition. The Mayor  agrees to pay Ryder\'s ransom demand and orders cash from the Federal Reserve to be rushed to Vanderbilt Ave and 42nd Street to be delivered. The police transport delivering the money is involved in an accident and, despite the efforts of police motorcyclists, they fail to deliver within the deadline. Garber tries to bluff and tells Ryder that the tunnel was the only thing separating him from the money, unaware that Ryder could see the outside of Grand Central Terminal via his laptop. For lying, Ryder threatens to execute one of the children hostages and the child\'s mother, however another hostage, who was a former US Army Air-Assault Soldier, intervenes and instead gets shot by Ryder. A short gunfight then erupts, where in a NYPD sniper is bitten by a rat and accidentally fires his gun and kills Ramos. Based on several clues that Garber receives during the conversation, the NYPD discover that Ryder\'s real name is Dennis Ford, a former manager of a private equity firm, who was sentenced to 10 years in prison for investment fraud for stealing from the city pension fund. Although Ford had accepted the prosecution\'s 3-year plea bargain agreement, he received a sentence of 10 years from the judge. One of the Mayor\'s aides mentions the extreme drop in the major stock indexes, the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the Nasdaq Composite, due to the news coverage of the hostage-taking, which some in the media have suspected to be terrorism. The Mayor deduces that such an event would allow Ryder to make spectacular returns if he bet against the market that day , so he asks the SEC to identify major trades on put options. Garber is flown to Grand Central Terminal, the closest station to the takers\' location, when Ryder demands he personally deliver the ransom. Garber accepts a concealed pistol from a police officer and drops off the money. Ryder brings him aboard and orders him to operate the train to the next station, where he and the hijackers exit the train during a brief railroad switch stop. To ensure that the police follow the train , Ryder uses a special mechanism to lock the driving lever in the full-speed position, bypassing the dead-man\'s switch. Per Ryder\'s demands, the signals have been set to green and the train speeds ahead towards Coney Island. Garber manages to separate himself from the takers at a railway crossing and then follows them as they escape to the emergency exit inside the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel. Ryder parts ways with Bashkim and Emri, who are later shot dead via suicide by cop after being surrounded by police. The runaway train\'s automatic brake is tripped by an unaltered red signal one station from Coney Island and it comes to a halt safely. Police learn Ryder is not on board. Ryder hails a taxi while Garber, who gets a truck, is in close pursuit. Ryder checks his laptop and finds that his $2 million investment in gold derivatives has amassed him a $307 million profit. Ryder leaves the cab on the Manhattan Bridge amid traffic and takes the bridge\'s pedestrian walkway but Garber catches up to him. As Garber holds Ryder at gunpoint, Ryder says that he is not going back to prison and gives him a 10 second ultimatum to kill him, before the other NYPD officers catch up to them. As he reaches the final seconds of the countdown, Ryder pulls out his gun in a provocative gesture which forces Garber to shoot. With his dying breath, Ryder calls Garber his hero as NYPD officers arrive on scene. Afterward, the mayor thanks Garber for saving the hostages, and hints the city will support him in the bribery investigation. Garber is later seen coming home with groceries, including a half-gallon of milk he promised his wife he\'d bring home during an earlier phone call.'] ['The story is set in 1962 and opens with images of a Soviet military parade on the Red Square. In Copenhagen, a high-ranking Soviet intelligence officer defects to the West with his wife and daughter. CIA agent Nordstrom  debriefs him and learns that Russian missiles are to be posted in Cuba. Nordstrom enlists the aid of his friend and French agent André Devereaux , encouraging him to accompany his daughter Michèle  on her honeymoon with journalist François Picard  as a premise to get him to New York. André accepts, but his wife Nicole  is worried for him. In New York, André entrusts a familiar contact, Philippe Dubois  to get hold of some seriously damaging papers concerning Soviet plans in Cuba from the visiting Cuban official Rico Parra . Parra is in New York to appear at the United Nations and stays at the Hotel Theresa in Harlem to show solidarity with "the masses". Dubois, taking the identity of a black journalist from Ebony, sneaks into the embassy , manages to take photos of some of the documents and then runs away, chased by Cuban revolutionaries. While cunningly dodging away, Dubois shams bumping into and overthrowing André, who was watching events from the other side of the street, and slips the camera into his hand. A Cuban guard helps André to get up, stares at him, and lets him go.  The photos confirm that the Soviets are secretly transporting and placing missiles in Cuba. Devereaux, unheeding of his wife\'s fear and jealousy, jets off to Cuba to find out more details. He catches up with his mistress Juanita de Cordoba , widow to a former first-hour wealthy "hero of the Revolution", and herself now leader of the local underground resistance network: she acts undercover and collects information as Parra\'s lover. André, on arriving, finds Parra leaving Juanita\'s mansion. During a scene of intimacy in the mansion, Devereaux asks her to somehow take photos of the missiles as they are unloaded from Russian boats at the harbour. But Juanita\'s people are arrested and tortured, while Parra\'s man, during a big mass rally and lengthy speech by the "líder máximo", recognizes André\'s face from the incident in front of the hotel. Parra, who has heard from the maimed and tortured female underground member that Juanita is their leader, confronts Juanita and, hugging her in his arms, shoots her to save her from being tortured to death. In one of the film\'s most memorable shots, Juanita is seen from overhead, her dress spreading out on the floor like a bloodstain  on the big black-and-white pavement tiles, as she collapses. André is searched thoroughly at the airport on departure, but the Cuban authorities are unable to find the carefully hidden microfilms, which provide crucial information for the CIA about Soviet activities in Cuba. When André arrives back in Washington, he finds his home empty: his wife deserted him due to his Cuban love interest and returned to Paris. He is also recalled to Paris, but before he leaves, he is informed by Nordstrom about the existence of a Soviet spy organization called \'Topaz\' within the French intelligence service. He is given the name of one certain member, NATO official Henri Jarré , who leaked documents to the KGB. On arrival, he attempts to get to the bottom of the leak, while his daughter Michèle wants to reconcile her parents. He invites some of his old friends and colleagues, including Jarré, to a lunch at a fine restaurant, "Chez Pierre". While Jarré eats, André tells the others about Topaz in order to provoke some reaction. Jarré answers that all this is a piece of misinformation, since he knows that the Russian official in fact died a year ago. But he begins to panic, and visits the man who is the leader of the spy ring, Jacques Granville . But Granville, in his night gown, is "waiting for somebody". As Jarré is leaving Granville\'s house, a woman arrives. It is Nicole, André\'s wife, and as they kiss we see a photo on a stand: Devereaux, Nicole and Granville were old friends from their days together in the French Resistance. Devereaux sends his son-in-law François to interview and extract information out of Jarré. François calls Devereaux from Jarré\'s home, but the call is cut short. Devereaux and Michèle rush together to Jarré\'s flat, and find him dead. François has disappeared. André and Michèle return to Nicole\'s, and a short time later François arrives: he was clubbed, but came to and managed to escape from his captors\' car. He has overheard a phone number and shows a sketch of Jarré. Nicole, who was staring at the window then turns around and tells her family, with tearful eyes, that the phone number is Granville\'s, so he must be the leader of the "Topaz" organization. Granville is exposed and then either  apparently commits suicide or  flees to the Soviet Union.'] ['A former police officer, Derian McCall , handed his badge for not agreeing with the procedure and then a colleague with a friend, opened a detective agency. One day there appears Anthea , the wife of a wealthy investor, Michael Ferrow-Smith . Anthea want Derian flirtation with Michael to see if it is true, but the situation gets out of control and soon Derien is having an affair with him, not realizing what is really happening.'] ["{{tone}} A political thriller steeped in illegal oil trading, the Russian Mafia, and governmental cover-ups. Christian Slater, Selma Blair, Angie Harmon and Robert Loggia star in a gripping tale of assassination, deception and corruption set in the high-stakes world of corporate investment and international oil trading. With America at war and in the grip of a crippling fuel crisis, Wall Street analyst Tom Hanson  agrees to broker a lucrative deal between a Russian oil cartel and his investment firm's biggest client, led by cold-blooded CEO Jared Tolson . While juggling his growing attraction to newly-hired associate, Abby Gallagher a Harvard graduate who wants to save the world and has an innovative idea for helping those seeking alternative energy sources further their research. The snake pit of Wall Street is the last place she wants to be, but Gordon convinces her that his company can make her alternative energy dream a reality . Tom learns all is not what it seems with the deal. Digging deeper, he and Abby soon find themselves trapped in a dangerous web of treachery and murder that will keep you guessing until the very end."] ["Corrupt Atlantic City police detective Rick Santoro  attends a boxing match at the Atlantic City Arena, owned by casino owner and businessman Gilbert Powell  between Heavyweight champion Lincoln Tyler  and a newcomer. Santoro is with his best friend, US Navy Commander Kevin Dunne , who is escorting United States Defense Secretary Charles Kirkland , recently arrived from a trip to Norfolk to get the results of the first test of a new missile guiding system called AirGuard. During the fight, Dunne is distracted by an attractive woman named Serena  and his seat is taken by Julia Costello , a mysterious woman, later revealed to be a government research worker, who tries to speak to Kirkland. Before she can, he is shot by a sniper, later revealed to be an allegedly Palestinian{{cite web}} terrorist. Dunne kills the shooter, and the police order a lockdown on the Arena. Costello escapes. Santoro believes Costello to be connected to Kirkland's death and starts studying the security tapes in order to find her. In the process, he discovers that Tyler allowed himself to be defeated in order to pay gambling debts to the same woman who tricked Dunne into leaving his post. Believing a conspiracy to be taking place, Santoro tells everything to Dunne, unaware that he is the mastermind behind Kirkland's murder and also Serena's boss. Upon realizing that Santoro might discover everything, Dunne first murders Serena and another soldier he had used to tell Tyler when he should fake being knocked-out and then makes a deal with Tyler to aid him. He and Santoro then try to find Costello, who has taken shelter in the hotel room of a sleazy man named Ned Campbell . Santoro gets to her first and discovers that Dunne is behind everything and that the results of the AirGuard test were faked to ensure its production. Costello discovered the deception and tried to warn Kirkland, but Dunne was waiting for her and arranged the entire assassination attempt in order to kill both her and Kirkland. Santoro hides Costello in a warehouse outside the Arena and confronts Dunne, who tries to bribe Santoro into revealing Costello's location and to look the other way on the whole plan. Santoro is unable to allow someone to be killed so Dunne has Tyler beat him up. Santoro still refuses to speak, so Dunne leaves him alone and follows him to Costello's hideout, just as the Tropical Storm Jezebel breaks out outside. When Santoro and Dunne again meet face-to-face, the water enters the building, washing the badly beaten Santoro and the wounded Costello outside, where the police, tipped off by Santoro, are waiting. They confront Dunne, who, realizing that his plan has failed, commits suicide in front of TV cameras. Santoro is rewarded for his bravery, but the press soon uncovers his illegal dealings and he is fired, abandoned by his wife and his lover, loses the custody of his son and is arrested and eventually convicted. On the day before leaving for jail, Santoro meets Costello, who thanks him for helping her save many soldiers' lives. They kiss and Santoro promises that he'll give her a call after his release in 12-to-18 months. She smiles and leaves, while Santoro muses that the whole ordeal was worth it since he had been on TV."] ['{{See also}} After Washington, D.C. detective, forensic psychologist, and author Alex Cross  loses control of a sting operation, resulting in the death of his partner, he opts to retire from the force. He finds himself drawn back to police work when Megan Rose , the daughter of a United States senator, is kidnapped from her exclusive private school by computer science teacher Gary Soneji . U.S. Secret Service Special Agent Jezzie Flannigan , held responsible for the breach in security, joins forces with Cross to find the missing girl. Soneji contacts Cross by phone and alerts him to the fact one of Megan\'s sneakers is in the detective\'s mailbox, proving he\'s the kidnapper. Cross deduces the man is obsessed with the 1932 Charles A. Lindbergh Jr. kidnapping and hopes to become as infamous as Bruno Hauptmann by committing a new "Crime of the Century" that might be discussed by Cross in one of his true crime books. Megan\'s kidnapping proves to be only part of Soneji\'s real plan: to kidnap the son of the Russian president, Dimitri Starodubov , guaranteeing himself greater infamy. After Cross and Flannigan foil his second kidnapping plot, a supposed call from the kidnapper demands that Cross deliver a ransom of $10 million in diamonds by following an intricate maze of calls made to public phone booths scattered throughout the city. Cross ultimately tosses the gems out the window of a rapidly moving Metro train to a figure standing by the tracks. When Soneji later arrives at Flannigan\'s home and confronts Cross after disabling Jezzie with a taser, the detective realizes the kidnapper is unaware of the ransom demand and delivery. Soneji tries to leave with Flannigan but Cross kills him. Cross becomes suspicious and realizes that someone discovered Soneji long before his plot came to fruition. After searching Flannigan\'s home computer, he finds enough evidence to prove that Jezzie and her fellow Secret Service agent, Ben Devine ([[Billy Burke , used Soneji as a pawn in their own plot. He tracks them down to a secluded farmhouse where Flannigan has murdered Devine and is now intent on eliminating Megan Rose. Cross saves Megan and shoots Flannigan in the heart, killing her.'] ['The movie starts with Nicole Lauker saying good-bye to her husband as he and his friend leave to go fishing for three days. As the night comes, the door-bell rings and Nicole answers. It is the police. They say that the boat has been crashed by a bomb and Evan  is dead. They believe the death was contrived and suspect that Evan was possibly dealing with illegal substances, drugs. Nicole is devastated and refuses to believe that her husband has any connection with drugs. That night she gets a call from somebody that was going to go with Evan on the trip but was delayed. He tells her to find "the money" or the men Evan betrayed will kill her, too. As she is searching for the money, she finds an envelope to an address in Detroit. She goes to her friend\'s house and makes her friend dress like her so the suspicious FBI will follow her while Nicole goes to find the man at the address. When she gets there, she discovers that Evan was cheating on her with a woman named Zoe, who has an exact replica of a bird statue that Evan gave her for an anniversary. Set on finding Evan, Nicole, Zoe, and Zoe\'s friend Mac go to the art museum where the statue was bought from and find that Evan is alive, living under another name and address. They go to his house, he kidnaps them, and takes them on his boat. When Evan tries to kill Zoe, Nicole shoots him with a harpoon.'] ['James Houghland, inventor of a new method by which television signals can be instantaneously sent anywhere in the world, refuses to sell the process to television companies, who then send agents to acquire the invention any way they can. On the night of his initial broadcast Houghland is mysteriously murdered in the middle of his demonstration and it falls to Police Chief Nelson to determine who the murderer is from the many suspects present.'] ["Kelly  is a prostitute who shows up in the small town of Grantville, just one more burg in a long string of quick stops on the run after being chased out of the big city by her former pimp. She engages in a quick tryst with local sheriff Griff , who then tells her to stay out of his town and refers her to a cat-house just across the state line. Instead, she decides to give up her illicit lifestyle, becoming a nurse at a hospital for handicapped children. Griff doesn't trust reformed prostitutes, however, and continues trying to run her out of town. Kelly falls in love with J.L. Grant , the wealthy scion of the town's founding family, an urbane sophisticate, and Griff's best friend. After a dream-like courtship where even Kelly's admission of her past can't deter Grant, the two decide to marry. It is only after Kelly is able to finally convince Griff that she truly loves Grant and has given up prostitution for good that he agrees to be their best man. Shortly before the wedding, Kelly arrives at Grant's mansion, only to find him on the verge of molesting a small girl. As he grinningly tries to persuade her to marry him, arguing that she too is a deviant, the only one who can understand him, and that he loves her, Kelly strikes him with a phone receiver, killing him instantly. Jailed, and under heavy interrogation from Griff, she must convince him and the town that she is telling the truth about Grant's death. As Kelly tries to exonerate herself, one disappointment follows another, and enemies old and new parade through the jailhouse to defame her. In despair, she is at last able to find Grant's victim and prove her innocence.<ref namehttp://movies.nytimes.com/movie/34395/The-Naked-Kiss/overview |title2008-07-21 |author10-29-1964 |publisher=The New York Times}}"] ["Bryce  is a successful man who returns to his tiny hometown for a visit. While there, he runs into his old friend Nick . The two decide to go out for the night. When they enter a bar, Bryce encounters Maggie , a blonde temptress whom he eventually takes home for the night. When he awakens, Maggie informs him that she is underage and threatens to tell the Police that Bryce has committed statutory rape. Bryce panics and decides to tie her up and hide her away in the basement. He then makes a call to Nick. Unbeknownst to Bryce, Maggie is actually Nick's girlfriend Lissa. The two had schemed to use Bryce's money to pay off a $15,000 debt they owe small-time hood Jimmy . Unbeknownst to Nick and Lissa, Jimmy is actually a law abiding college student who is extorting Nick after being misinformed that Nick has inherited millions of dollars after the death of his father."] ['The film opens as Mary Murdock , a young student, leaves a lively party at a club in New Jersey one night. She hits a bad bump driving home drunk on a dark road. Later, hearing noises in the garage, she finds a bleeding man, mangled and impaled on her jeep\'s bumper. Not calling 911, she tries to help, but he suddenly attacks. Panicked, she hits him with a golf club. After, she buries his body in a shallow grave in the woods off Clover Rd. The next day, Mary covers up the crime ; she scrubs off the blood but doesn\'t get the dent fixed . Mary starts coming apart. Irrational, she crashes on a tree to camouflage the small dent with a bigger. Later the news reveals the missing man is kindergarten teacher Timothy Emser , bipolar and unstable when he vanished. Strange things occur in Mary\'s house, making her feel toyed with by someone unseen; she descends into paranoia. It transpires that Rick , her boyfriend, gets involved in the cover up and goes to retrieve incriminatory evidence  off the corpse, but is killed, replaced in Emser\'s grave. It becomes clear Emser survived. Unhinged, he returns to make Mary live through the same nightmare she inflicted on him. He stalks Mary many ways. The parrots squawk strange phrases, which alert Mary. At one point, she falls down the stairs, impaling a screw driver in her thigh. Emser surprise attacks, biting and stabbing her, and she passes out. In a reversal, when Mary revives, Emser has strapped her to the bumper with electric cords and Christmas lights and takes her on a sadistic, all-night "revenge drive". Along the way, after a struggle, Emser kills a gas attendant  by pumping petrol down his throat. Emser parks back at his own house, leaving Mary trapped in his garage, as she did to him. He reunites with his worried family, but is ever more delusional, violent. Soon, Emser murders his wife Jane when she accidentally stumbles on and tries to untie Mary. It transpires that Emser goes to bury Mary in the woods with Rick\'s body, after detaching her and the bumper using a blowtorch and welding mask. However, in the grave, Mary is able to maim his eye with a plug from the cords and escapes in the jeep. When Emser blocks her path, Mary revs up and intentionally hits her tormentor several times. She speeds off in the dark. Next morning, Mary wakes on the roadside, numb and battered, and drives to a local auto shop. There, the mechanic and passersby ultimately discover, and pull out, Emser\'s body from under the jeep, where it got snagged. Seeing this, Mary has a mental breakdown, saying "I don\'t think I need that bumper anymore", laughing as the police sirens close in on her. The film ends moving closer to Emser\'s bloodied face on the pavement in the early rain, and it appears to be left uncertain whether he is actually dead or not. Throughout the narrative, a radio DJ called Eddie the Spaz is periodically heard, hosting a weekend music marathon, the "Spazathon", which bookends the film. The film is loosely inspired by an urban legend.{{cite web}}'] ['The film opens with a flirtatious online chat between 14-year-old  Hayley Stark and 32-year-old photographer Jeff KohlverWhile written as &ldquo;Jeff&rdquo; in the film credits and early script, most revisions of the script spell it as &ldquo;Geoff.&rdquo; An example can be seen in the DVD featurette &ldquo;Making Hard Candy,&rdquo; at about 35 minutes. ([[Patrick Wilson  who agree to meet for the first time at a café. After further flirtation, Hayley suggests they return to Jeff&rsquo;s house. Once there, Hayley makes them both screwdrivers after telling Jeff that she would not drink something that she did not mix herself. Hayley, who appears slightly intoxicated, suggests that Jeff take some photographs of her, similar to the ones of young girls displayed on the walls of his home. As Hayley dances and poses, Jeff begins to feel disoriented and eventually passes out.Fall Frights: HARD CANDY Jeff wakes up tied to a wheeled computer chair. Hayley explains that she drugged him and has also been tracking him, knowing he is a pedophile. Jeff denies the allegations, saying he had innocent intentions. Hayley frantically searches the house, eventually finding a hidden safe in his rock garden containing a photo of Donna Mauer, a local girl who had been kidnapped and remains missing. Jeff denies involvement in Mauer&rsquo;s disappearance and tries to escape. Hayley asphyxiates him with plastic wrap until he passes out again. Jeff once again wakes, this time tied to a steel table with a bag of ice on his genitals. Hayley once again confronts him about Donna Mauer, informing Jeff that she is going to castrate him. After a long conversation, she begins composing an e-mail to Janelle, Jeff&rsquo;s ex-girlfriend. Jeff attempts to dissuade her with threats, negotiation, and a long plea for sympathy based on a story of the abuse he suffered as a child, but Hayley proceeds with the operation. Following its conclusion, she steps out of the room claiming to leave to take a shower. Jeff breaks free and observes what appears to be a plastic bag containing what used to be his genitalia. After seeing this, he quickly checks for his testicles. After realizing they are intact and unharmed, he realizes she faked the castration. Angered that she had psychologically tortured him, he storms off in a blunt rage in search of Hayley. Scalpel in hand, he follows Hayley to the bathroom, only to find that the shower is empty and he has walked into a trap; Hayley knocks him unconscious once again, this time with a stun gun. Jeff awakens once more, this time standing on a chair, his hands bound, with a noose around his neck. Hayley reveals that she has written a fake suicide note on his behalf and she makes Jeff an offer. He can commit suicide, and Hayley will erase the evidence of his crimes. If he refuses to kill himself, Hayley will knock the chair out from under him and fully expose his secrets. Their conversation is interrupted when a neighbor  knocks on the door. Hayley answers and convinces the neighbor that she is Jeff&rsquo;s niece who is staying for the weekend. When the neighbor asks her basic questions, Hayley stammers and tells unconvincing lies. When Hayley returns, Jeff breaks free from the noose and pursues her to the roof &mdash; where she has brought the noose and holds him off with the gun. Hayley reveals that she has contacted Janelle, who is driving to the house as they speak. She tells him that if he does not commit suicide, she will pull off her own clothes and run into Janelle&rsquo;s arms, crying and screaming. Jeff finally confesses that he was involved in Donna Mauer&rsquo;s death, but that he only watched while his accomplice committed the murder. He promises that, if she spares his life, he will disclose the other man&rsquo;s name and help her find him. Hayley reveals that &ldquo;Aaron&rdquo;, the man Jeff claims killed Mauer, told her the same thing before killing himself. Janelle arrives and Hayley urges Jeff to kill himself to avoid prosecution and prison, where he will be branded as a child molester and brutalized. She reminds him that her offer is still on the table. Jeff, defeated, lets Hayley slide the noose around his neck with no resistance. He takes the deadly step off the roof with Hayley promising &ldquo;I&rsquo;ll take care of it all&hellip;&rdquo; Hayley looks over the side of the house, observing Jeff, and simply states: &ldquo;&hellip;or not.&rdquo; She gathers her belongings and escapes through the woods at the rear of the house. She stops for a moment to sit and the scene cuts to Hayley walking down the road with the hood on her jacket over her head.'] ['In 1896, Sir Robert Beaumont ([[Tom Wilkinson , the primary financier of a railroad project in Tsavo, Kenya, is furious because the project is running behind schedule. He seeks out the expertise of John Henry Patterson , a military engineer, to get the project back on track. Patterson travels by train to Tsavo, where he meets supervisors Angus Starling  and Samuel , a native African , and the doctor, David Hawthorne . Hawthorne tells Patterson of a recent lion attack. That night, Patterson kills an approaching lion with one shot, earning the respect of the workmen. The project gets back on schedule. However, not long afterwards Mahina , the construction foreman, is dragged from his tent in the middle of the night. His half-eaten body is found the next morning. Patterson then attempts a second night-time lion hunt, but the next morning another worker is found dead at the opposite end of the camp from Patterson\'s position. Patterson\'s only comfort now is the letters he receives from his wife. Soon, while the workers are gathering wood and building firepits around the tents, a lion attacks the camp in the middle of the day and while Patterson, Starling and Samuel are tracking the lion to one end of the camp as it feeds on a worker, another one surprises them when it jumps down from the roof of a building, surprising the men as it kills Sterling by slashing his throat and injuring Patterson, who attempts to kill them, but they both escape. Samuel explains that there has never been a pair of man-eaters before because they are always alone. The men, led by Abdullah , begin to turn on Patterson due to the lion attacks. The men dub the lions "the Ghost and the Darkness" because of their notorious methods of attack. Work is stopped on the bridge to fight the lions. Beaumont visits the camp and tells Patterson he will ruin his reputation should the bridge not be built on time. He tells Patterson he will contact the famous hunter Charles Remington  to help. All of Patterson\'s attempts to kill the lions have failed at this point. Later, Remington arrives with skilled Maasai warriors to help kill the lions. Their initial attempt fails when a gun Patterson borrowed from Dr. Hawthorne misfires. The warriors decide to leave, but Remington offers to stay to help Patterson. Remington builds a new hospital for all the lion victims, and attempts to draw the lions to the old one by covering it with animal parts. The lions, however, outsmart Remington and attack the new hospital, killing many patients and Hawthorne. Abdullah and the rest of the men soon leave, leaving Patterson, Remington, and Samuel alone with the lions. Patterson and Remington eventually locate the lions\' lair where they find the bones of dozens of the lions\' victims. That night, Remington kills one of the lions by using Patterson and a baboon as bait. The next morning, Patterson finds the remaining lion has dragged Remington from his tent and killed him; Patterson cremates his body on an open pyre where he died. Grief-stricken over Remington\'s death and now desperate to end the bloodshed, Patterson decides to burn the tall grass surrounding the camp in order to drive the lion towards the camp where he hopes to ambush it. Patterson and Samuel are soon attacked by the beast on the partially constructed bridge. After a long fight, Patterson kills the lion outside of camp. Abdullah and the men return, and the bridge is completed on time. The film ends with a narration by Samuel, where he says the lions are now on display at the Field Museum in Chicago, Illinois, and that even today "if you dare lock eyes with them, you will be afraid."'] ['John Berlin  is a former Los Angeles cop teetering toward burnout after the collapse of his marriage. At the invitation of an old friend and colleague, Freddy Ross , Berlin heads to rural northern California, for a job with the Eureka police force. Instead, Berlin prickles his new colleagues, especially John Taylor , who was passed over for promotion in order to make room for Berlin. After finding a woman\'s severed hand in a garbage bag at the local dump, Berlin reopens the case of an unidentified murdered girl, nicknamed "Jennifer", which went unsolved despite a full-time six-month effort by the department. Berlin notices scars on the severed hand\'s fingers and realizes that they came from reading Braille, determining that the girl is blind. He begins to believe the cases are related. Berlin does his best to convince Freddy and his fellow officers of his suspicions, but Taylor, and police chief Citrine , refuse to believe that the hand found at the dump is in any way connected to the other cases. After consulting his former colleagues in L.A., Berlin discovers that in the previous four years, six women, most of them blind, have either been found dead or are still missing, all within a 300 mile radius of San Diego. He becomes convinced that "Jennifer" was the 7th victim and the girl whose hand was found at the dump is "Jennifer 8", or victim #8. While investigating the links between the dead and missing blind girls, he meets blind music student Helena Robertson , determining that her roommate Amber was the eighth victim. Berlin becomes obsessed with the case, despite an almost complete lack of hard evidence, and becomes romantically involved with Helena, who resembles his ex-wife. After an attack on Helena, Ross accompanies Berlin on a stakeout at the institute where Helena lives in a dorm, after leaving Helena with Ross\' wife Margie . When they see a flashlight shining on the same floor as Helena\'s apartment, Berlin investigates and is knocked unconscious by the killer, who then shoots and kills Ross with Berlin\'s .32 pistol. After a grueling interrogation by FBI special agent St. Anne , Berlin figures out that the killer is Taylor, whose killing spree began when he was a San Diego detective and was prompted by a childhood spent attending a school for the blind, where his mother, also blind, was a teacher. Berlin tries to tell St. Anne and Citrine what he has learned, but St. Anne and Citrine refuse to believe him. Berlin is arrested for Ross\'s murder, but is bailed out by Margie, who believes that Berlin is not the killer. When Berlin hears that Margie has taken Helena back to the institute, Berlin knows Helena and Margie are in danger, because Taylor believes Helena to be a witness to his abduction of her roommate Amber and intends for her to be his next victim. Margie masquerades as Helena, and is chased by Taylor at the dorm. Taylor catches up and threatens her, then is shocked when the woman that he thinks is Helena turns around and he sees Margie\'s face - and a revolver pointed right at him. Margie shoots Taylor, avenging her husband\'s death and closing the case.'] [' Amateur tennis star Guy Haines  wants to divorce his vulgar and unfaithful wife Miriam , so he can marry the elegant and beautiful Anne Morton , daughter of a senator . While on a train to meet Miriam, Haines meets Bruno Anthony , a forward stranger who recognizes Guy from gossip items in the newspapers that detail his marital problems. During lunch in Bruno\'s compartment, Bruno tells Guy about his idea for the perfect "Criss-cross" murder: he will kill Miriam and in exchange, Guy will kill Bruno\'s father. Since both are strangers, otherwise unconnected, there is no identifiable motive for the crimes, Bruno contends, hence no suspicion. Guy hurriedly leaves the compartment but leaves Bruno thinking he has agreed to the deal. Guy accidentally leaves his cigarette lighter behind, a gift from Anne to Guy, which Bruno pockets. Bruno heads to Guy\'s hometown of Metcalf and follows Miriam and her two beaux to an amusement park, where he briefly illuminates her face with Guy\'s lighter, then strangles her to death. Guy\'s problems begin when his alibi — an inebriated college professor on the same train as Guy — cannot remember their meeting. But they increase exponentially when Bruno makes repeated appearances into Guy\'s life as he seeks to remind Guy that he is now obliged to kill Bruno\'s father, according to the bargain he thinks they struck on the train.  Bruno sends Guy the keys to his house, a map to his father\'s room, and a pistol. Soon after, Bruno appears at a party at Senator Morton\'s house and hobnobs with the guests, much to Guy\'s apprehension and Anne\'s increasing suspicion. He demonstrates how to strangle someone while preventing them from screaming: with his hands around his "assistant\'s" neck Bruno looks up and sees Anne\'s younger sister Barbara . Her eyeglasses and resemblance to Miriam trigger a flashback for Bruno to Miriam\'s murder, and he loses control of himself and begins to strangle his subject. After a moment he faints, and the frightened party guests pull him off the hysterical woman. Young Barbara rushes to her sister and tells her, "His hands were on her neck, but he was strangling me." Anne puts together the facts of the crime and confronts Guy, who finally admits the truth. Guy finally agrees to Bruno\'s plan over the telephone and creeps into Bruno\'s home at night. When he reaches the father\'s room he tries to warn the older man of Bruno\'s intentions, but finds Bruno waiting for him instead, now aware that Guy\'s sudden change of heart suggests betrayal. Bruno tells Guy that because he will not complete his end of the bargain, he should be blamed for the murder which "belongs" to him — so he will frame Guy for the murder of Miriam.  Anne visits Bruno\'s house to tell his mother  that her son is responsible for the death of a woman, but she does not believe Anne and fails to understand how dangerous her son is. Bruno overhears the conversation and lets Anne know that he has the lighter and plans to plant it at the scene of the crime during the night to implicate Guy. Anne reports back to Guy and the two devise a plan for Guy to beat Bruno to the scene of the crime after he finishes a tennis match that would be too suspicious for him to cancel. Guy wins the tennis match but takes much longer than expected; likewise, Bruno is delayed when he drops Guy\'s lighter down a storm drain and must force his fingertips down the drain to recover it. Guy arrives at the park while Bruno is still waiting for sunset. The two men struggle on the carousel, which spins out of control and crashes after its operator is accidentally hit by a bullet from the police meant for the fleeing Guy. Bruno, mortally wounded in the crash, manages to tell the police of Guy\'s guilt, but the lighter is found clutched in Bruno\'s hand, finally exonerating Guy. An amusement park employee who remembered Bruno\'s previous visit confirms that Bruno was in fact the murderer. Reunited with Anne on a train home, Guy is asked by a friendly clergyman seated near them if he is Guy Haines. Starting to reply, Guy, remembering this is the way Bruno started their fatal conversation, stops himself and quickly leaves the club car with Anne, leaving the man perplexed.'] ["They tells the story of a Psychology grad student named Julia  and an event that turns her life upside down. As a child she experienced horrifying night terrors, but has seemingly overcome the problem. She reunites with a childhood friend, Billy , and he tells her that he believes their night terrors are caused by something otherworldly and warns her to stay out of the dark, before suddenly committing suicide. At his funeral, Julia meets two of Billy's friends who slowly begin to believe his claims. Julia's night terrors return and she begins to doubt her perception of the world around her. It turns out her mental illness is caused by creatures only she can see who are attempting to consume her. As she tries to flee them, Julia ends up nearly being consumed by them but narrowly manages to escape and her illusions cause her to harm innocent people. She is hospitalized at a mental institution where she is attacked once more and transported into a separate dimension inside of a closet, here she screams for help towards doctors and orderlies who cannot see her. The closet door is shut by one of the doctors and the creatures proceed to attack her."] [' In September 2006, young couple Katie and Micah have recently moved to the suburbs. Katie claims that an "evil" presence has haunted her periodically since childhood and believes that it is still following her. Each night, Micah mounts a video camera on a tripod in their bedroom to record any activity that occurs while they sleep. The first night, the camera records running footstep noises. Katie hires psychic Dr. Fredrichs, who assesses that she is being haunted not by a ghost but by a demon. He says the demon feeds off negative energy and its intent is to torment Katie no matter where she goes. He advises them not to taunt or communicate with the demon and to contact demonologist Dr. Johann Abrams for help. Though Katie seems interested in the situation, Micah does not take it seriously. During the third night, the camera captures a low rumble and the bedroom door moving by itself. On the fifth night, demonic noises are heard before Katie awakes from a nightmare before a loud thump is heard from the living room. Micah begins to taunt the demon and the phenomena worsen. On the thirteenth night, Katie is awoken by a noise in the hallway before a screech and a loud thud. The chandelier is found to be swaying when they investigate downstairs. Micah later captures a demonic grunt with a voice recorder. During the fifteenth night, Katie gets up and stares at Micah sleeping for two hours before going outside to sit on the backyard swing. Micah tries to convince Katie to come inside but she refuses. When Micah goes inside to get her a blanket, he hears a bang in the bedroom and finds the bedroom TV turned on. Micah is then startled by Katie, who followed him inside but says that he woke her up. Katie remembers nothing the next day. Katie, irritated by Micah\'s flippant response to the situation, becomes irate when Micah brings home a Ouija board despite Dr. Fredrichs\' warnings. The two go out of the house that evening, leaving the Ouija board in the living room. The curtains and plants start to blow around and the Ouija board\'s planchette moves on its own and small fire erupts on the board and extinguishes itself. During the seventeenth night, Micah sprinkles talcum powder in the hallway and when the couple is awoken by noises, they find non-human footprints leading to the bedroom from the attic. In the attic, Micah finds a burnt photograph of a young Katie, which was previously thought to have been destroyed in an unexplained house fire when Katie was eight years old. On the eighteenth night, loud footsteps wake the couple up and are heard running out of the bedroom slamming the door. The demon continues to close and bang on the door when they leave to investigate. Dr. Abrams is unavailable when Micah finally agrees to invite him, so Dr. Fredrichs comes instead. Upon his arrival, Dr. Fredrichs immediately has a sense of dread and apologetically leaves despite their pleas for his help, stating that his presence is only making the demon angry. During the nineteenth night, the bed covers move, the closet light turns on and off and a shadow is seen on the door before Katie is woken up by breathing in her face. Micah discovers a woman from the 1960s with the same haunting who became possessed during an exorcism and killed herself. Katie is pulled out of the bedroom toward the closet by an unknown force during the twentieth night and discovers bite marks on her back. Later Micah finds Katie gripping a cross so tightly that it bloodies her palm. Just as he is set to leave for a motel, Katie insists that they will be okay now, her voice flat with another voice in tandem with her own.  The following night Katie gets out of bed and stands beside it staring at Micah for approximately two hours and then walks downstairs. After a moment of silence, Katie screams Micah\'s name, waking Micah who rushes to her. The camera records Katie screaming incessantly. Then Katie\'s screaming stops and a brief silence is followed by the sound of heavy footsteps coming up the stairs. After another brief silence, Micah\'s body is violently hurled at the camera, knocking it over sideways and revealing Katie standing in the doorway. She then slowly walks into the room, her clothing soaked with blood. Crouching over his body, she sniffs Micah\'s body and then slowly looks up at the camera with a sly smile. As she lunges toward the camera, her face takes on a demonic appearance just as the scene cuts to black. An epilogue text states that Micah\'s body was discovered by the police on October 11, 2006, and that Katie\'s whereabouts remain unknown.   In its original version, the film featured a different ending. In this version, after going downstairs on the final night and waking Micah with a scream, only Katie is shown returning to the bedroom, holding a large bloody kitchen knife, her shirt bloodied. She sits beside the bed, holding the knife and rocking herself, until about 2 p.m. the next day, when her friend Amber calls and leaves a message expressing her concern. At about 9:20 p.m. that night, Katie is still sitting and rocking by the bed, and Amber can be heard entering the house. During this short period, Katie stops rocking, but when Amber screams  and runs out of the house, she resumes her motion. Half an hour later, just after 9:50 p.m., police enter the home and discover Micah\'s body as well. As they are checking Micah for vital signs, a light turns on in the bedroom down the hallway, but before the police see it, the light turns off again. They discover Katie, still sitting beside the bed with the knife. As they call to her, she wakes from her catatonic state and seems confused. As she approaches them, knife in hand, calling for Micah, they ask her to drop the weapon. Suddenly the bedroom door behind the police officers slams shut, startling them and causing them to shoot Katie, who collapses on the floor. The police then call dispatch and check the bedroom at the end of the hall, but find nothing. They discover the video camera, still running. A dedication to and a picture of Katie and Micah are then shown. The original ending for the film was available for a time for viewing on the Internet before Paramount exerted a claim of copyright on the material.{{cite news|urlSo What Was \'Paranormal Activity\'s Original Ending?|lastWilliam |dateHorror Squad|accessdate"oreninterview">{{cite web}} In this ending, Katie gets out of bed and stands staring at Micah, as she did in the theatrical ending, except she does not move to Micah\'s side of the bed. About three hours pass, then she finally goes downstairs. She lets out a blood-curdling scream, which wakes Micah up and he runs downstairs. The screaming continues, and the sounds of a struggle are heard before the noises abruptly stop. There is silence for a short while before loud footsteps are heard on the stairs. Katie then walks into the bedroom, Micah\'s blood covering her shirt, with a knife in her hand. She closes and locks the bedroom door, before walking up to the camera, standing idle briefly. She then lifts the knife and slits her own throat, then falls to the floor, dead.'] ["{{plot}} In the Bronx borough of New York City, an entire Anglo-Puerto Rican family is marked by the local mob, an unforgiving and brutal crew of mobsters and wise guys. The reason that the family is going to be executed is because the Anglo father, Jack Dawn , has betrayed his employer . Jack is not only skimming hundreds of thousand dollars off the top of his employer's profits , but is also keeping the FBI informed as to the mob's second set of books . Simultaneous with the preceding, Jack is also keeping a third set of books for himself, one small book in particular that details the mob's major sources of illegal profits. The film begins on a very hot day with Jack's young and attractive Puerto Rican wife, Jeri, played by Julie Carmen, returning from the grocery store by bus to their less than desirable apartment building. One of the mob crew's henchmen is in the lobby to monitor her movements, as well as the whereabouts of the rest of her family. The actual hit men have not yet arrived, because they somehow got lost in traffic and took a couple of wrong turns. Otherwise, the deed would have already been done before Jeri arrived home. Like Jack, Jeri Dawn more or less calmly accepts her marked fate, knowing that the mob will track them down no matter where they might run to. However, they want their two children to escape. And Jack wants his six-year old son, Phil, to take the aforementioned book with him, hoping that it will be the bargaining chip that might save his life. Phil's older sister, Joan, refuses to leave with him for some reason. By coincidence, Gloria  comes knocking and looking for her friend, Jeri, to borrow coffee. Gloria is a still curvy and attractive but late-fortyish/early-fiftyish mobster's onetime mistress. She's in the final stages of retiring from her former life, which she plans to finance with money and jewelry that she keeps in a bank's safety deposit box. The hit men arrive down in the lobby, discussing the weather and traffic as if what they are about to do is simply routine business for them. And it is, of course. After all, they have no conscience when it comes to conducting their violent behavior on behalf of their mob bosses. Upstairs in the apartment, Jack and Jeri are frantic to persuade Gloria to take Phil  with her. She refuses and then relents. Before departing , Phil is told by his father, Jack, that he is now the head of the family...the man. While Phil is held in Gloria's apartment, who for the first time copes with the presence of a child, a bunch of gangsters breaks into to the family's apartment and kill them all. Phil tries to escape from the apartment, and when he fails, he lashes out at Gloria with his meager vocabulary, to no avail. Gloria, on the other hand tries to comfort the child facing the impossible situation. Soon she realizes that they cannot stay long in the building and that they need to escape. She packs up her necessary belongings and runs away with Phil to a hotel. The next morning Phil escapes from the hotel, but soon finds out he has nowhere to go and returns a few short moments before Gloria leaves. He confronts her trying to prove his masculine authority, but soon breaks at Gloria's strictness. Down the stairs they discover that a group of gangsters have found their location, and furthermore, that they are Gloria's old time friends. She escapes with Phil from the hotel and tries explaining to him about her past and her relationship to his family's murderers. She adds about her time in jail and that any relation between them could endanger her, but just then the gangsters find them. They give her the choice of turning over Phil with the book, but Gloria starts shooting over them, making the car crash in its escape. As a result of her actions Gloria realizes that the fate of Phil and hers is the same, and that they have to escape from New York. She goes to the bank to withdraw all her savings and plans to catch a train to Pittsburgh. On the bus on the way back she meets one of her former friends from the mafia, who scolds her for her careless behavior. Gloria hurries to get off the bus with Phil and runs away to the outskirts of the city to spend the night in a seedy motel. Entering the bed Phil tries to flirt with Gloria, just like a real man, but she quickly reminds him of the position of each one. The next day Gloria takes Phil to a cemetery to say a proper prayer in memory of his family and sends him to choose a marble to stand in front of. Upon facing his family's death, Phil breaks, says a few short words and returns to Gloria. Back in the city they go to the train station to purchase tickets to Pittsburgh. They sit in a diner to eat breakfast, but few minutes later a bunch of gangsters take a seat next to them and Gloria goes armed to their table with the book to close a deal. The gangsters refuse, saying that the only authority to decide on is by a mob Tenzini and Gloria discharges their pistols, running back to her apartment to spend the night. The next day Gloria includes Phil with her plans to send him away to a boarding school. Offended of her intentions Phil claims that he is an independent grown man who can manage alone and Gloria decides to play by his rules. She leaves him alone but soon filled with guilt and rush back to the streets of the Bronx looking for him. When he's found eventually a group of gangsters takes him into a decrepit prostitute's apartment, but after a short guns fight Gloria extracts him out of there and runs away to Newark New Jersey. The two settle in a hotel room and Gloria comes to the conclusion that the mafia is too strong and there is no telling how far they will pursue them as long as they have book. She includes Phil with her plan to go to the mafia headquarters by herself, trying to deal with them. So she says that in her past she was a girlfriend of one of them, Tony Tenzini, and perhaps their former relations are their last chance. She requires Phil to leave the hotel three hours after she leaves, when if she does not return, it means she's dead. After the meeting is set, Gloria arrives at the prestigious tenement of the mafia. At the elite apartment a group of armed gangsters are waiting for her arrival, but leave her alone when Tony, her former lover arrives. Gloria tries to protect Phil, explaining to Tony about his special nature and calls him the man in her life. Toward the end of the meeting Gloria realizes that her life is in jeopardy, one way or another. She leaves the book fleeing for her life, covering herself by shooting at the armed gangsters. Once he's out of time, Phil escapes with the money Gloria left him and goes to the train station, where he buys a ticket to Pittsburgh. He arrives by himself to the strange city, hires a taxi and asks to go to a nearby cemetery, where he would like to speak with Gloria. In the cemetery, a car suddenly arrives and out comes Gloria covered with blacks and a wig. Phil excited when it turns out that Gloria was able to escape from New York City and the two reunite."] ['Former U. S. Army major, Paul Krenner , plans to conquer the world with an army of invisible soldiers and will do anything to achieve that goal. With the help of his hired muscle, Julian , Krenner forces Dr. Peter Ulof  to perfect the invisibility machine Ulof invented. He keeps Ulof’s daughter, Maria  imprisoned to keep Ulof in line. The nuclear materials Ulof needs to better his invisibility machine are extremely rare and kept under guard in government facilities. Krenner arranges the prison break of notorious safecracker, Joey Faust , to steal the materials he needs. Of course Faust will do the jobs while invisible. Krenner offers Faust money for the jobs and Faust expresses his grievances against working for him. Faust tells him that he’ll sing like a canary if he’s returned to prison. Krenner tells Faust that he’s wanted alive or dead. Faust reluctantly complies. However, when he meets Faust’s woman, Laura Matson , he slowly charms her into a double cross. Faust continues attempting to escape and tries to get one over on Krenner. It looks like he may have the edge on Krenner when Faust attacks Krenner while invisible. However, Dr. Ulof’s guinea pig dies and, during the second time he’s invisible, Faust uncontrollably reverts from invisible to visible and back again. Despite these drawbacks Faust forges ahead intent on breaking free from Krenner’s control.'] ["Matt Rutledge goes on vacation to the Louisiana bayou country. He decides to stay at an old plantation house which is now a boarding house owned by two sisters, Charlotte and Lucy. Charlotte is in her 30s, in and out of love with the town sheriff, Cleve Doucet. Lucy is in her 20s and has a long history of mental illness and contact with the ghosts of several people who have died in a bayou near their home. Lucy falls in love with Matt, and the characters find themselves involved in murder, betrayal and dark secrets from the past, which are revealed gradually in flashback. When Charlotte was a teenager and Lucy was a child, Matt's older brother Jud had tried to rape them and they had killed him in self-defense. But in panic they had dragged his body into a bayou and not reported the incident to anyone. Jud's death was a terrible secret only the sisters shared, and it was to some extent responsible for Lucy's mental problems. But unknown to them, Matt – whom they had not known when they were younger – had witnessed the killing and has now returned under a false name to avenge his brother's death. Charlotte finally realizes who he is and what he plans to do. Lucy is still under his influence and almost helps him kill Charlotte, but she manages to escape. Matt takes Lucy to the same spot in the bayou where they had put Jud's body and tries to drown her, but an unidentified hand from beneath drags him down into the bayou and he dies instead. As the film ends, Charlotte finally is about to marry Cleve, but Lucy still suffers terrifying and violent visions of Matt."] ["Successful mystery novelist Janet Frobisher, who has been separated for years from her husband, a man with a criminal past, lives in an isolated home in England. Her nearest neighbour is nosy veterinarian Dr. Henderson. Janet falls in love and occasionally dabbles with her secretary Chris' fiancé Larry, who is years younger than she. When her estranged husband unexpectedly appears, Janet poisons him by administering horse medication given to her by her neighbour. One of the deceased man's criminal cohorts arrives as she's preparing to dispose of the body in the local lake. When Frobisher's secretary and Larry arrive at the secluded house, the mysterious man, who has assisted her with her scheme, impersonates the long-absent spouse of Janet, who plots to get rid of her unplanned accomplice, as well."] ["Liberty Wallace  is the Vice President of Marketing of one of the largest gun manufacturers in the United States, McCloud Industries. She's the daughter of the company's founder, and married to the company's ruthless CEO, Victor Wallace . While former war hero Victor is busy trafficking in international armaments, Liberty takes business breaks to conduct an affair with actor Russell Williams . The balance of their marriage of convenience shifts when a sniper named Joe  aims his rifle at Liberty as she walks through a busy Los Angeles park on her way to meet Russell. Joe calls Liberty on her cell phone and orders her to shackle herself to a nearby hot dog vendor's cart. Liberty has no intention of acquiescing to Joe's wishes - until Joe begins shooting. Quickly convinced, she locks herself to the stand, only to learn that it is loaded with explosives. If she calls for help, hangs up the phone, mutes the phone, or fails to co-operate, the bomb will go off. Joe has also attached a bomb to Russell, who's now in his dressing room at the theater. Liberty realizes she can't buy her way out of the situation, and she is forced to consider Joe's demand for an anti-gun forum. It is revealed that Joe's daughter was fatally shot at school by a classmate who used a gun manufactured by McCloud Industries. Joe has decided to show Liberty what it's like to be on the other end of the weapon and the horrors of what she has had a blind hand in for years. Victor has apparently bartered illegal deals without Liberty's knowledge, ones that have resulted in easier access to weapons for street dealers - the ones who sold the weapon that killed Joe's daughter. Joe wants Liberty to use her political connections and this incident to spark a public debate on the Second Amendment. Despite his past, Joe no longer supports the unequivocal right to bear arms. Joe tells Liberty that she's going to die, but that she can die a hero if she exposes her company's shady business dealings and political connections before she's killed. As Joe monitors and records her every move, Liberty reveals secrets about her own past, and her business dealings. When Victor, who's also having an affair, finds out that Liberty has been taken hostage, he's torn between following company protocol - protecting himself and allowing Liberty to be killed - and going to help her. Victor and the media show up. At first, it seems that Joe, who is actually a former CIA agent named Alex, is using Liberty as bait to attract media attention, but then Joe guns down news reporter Bill Tollman , who happens to be the son of a hawkish US senator. After Joe shoots Victor dead, a SWAT team figures out what building Joe is in. Before they can get to Joe, he shoots himself in the head, and dies, but he has already forwarded Liberty's recorded confessions, presumably to one or several of the national newspapers."] ['The movie about a female detective who is forced to go undercover as a stripper in order to investigate a recent murder.'] [' After breaking his leg during a dangerous assignment, professional photographer L.B. "Jeff" Jeffries  is confined in his Greenwich Village apartment, using a wheelchair while he recuperates. His rear window looks out onto a small courtyard and several other apartments. During a summer heat wave, he passes the time by watching his neighbors, who keep their windows open to stay cool. The tenants he can see include a dancer he nicknames "Miss Torso", a lonely woman he nicknames "Miss Lonelyheart", a songwriter, several married couples, a middle-aged sculptor, and Lars Thorwald , a wholesale jewelry salesman with a bedridden wife. After Thorwald and his wife apparently have an argument, Thorwald makes repeated late-night trips carrying his sample case. Jeff notices that Thorwald\'s wife is gone and sees Thorwald cleaning a large knife and handsaw. Later, Thorwald ties a large packing crate with heavy rope and has moving men haul it away. Jeff discusses these observations with his wealthy socialite girlfriend Lisa Fremont  and his insurance company home-care nurse Stella , and becomes obsessed with their theory that Thorwald murdered his wife. He explains their theory to his friend Tom Doyle , a New York City Police detective, and asks him to find out whether anyone actually picks up the packing crate. Doyle looks into the situation but finds nothing suspicious, and discovers that "Mrs. Thorwald" picked up the packing crate. After Doyle leaves, Jeff asks Lisa if she thinks it was ethical for him to spy on his neighbor with binoculars and a telephoto lens; Lisa replies that she doesn\'t know much about "rear window ethics" but comments on their morbid curiosity by asking, "Whatever happened to that old saying, \'Love thy neighbor\'?" Soon after, a neighbor\'s dog is found dead with its neck broken. When the owner sees the lifeless body of her dog she screams to the courtyard: "You don\'t know the meaning of the word \'neighbors\'. Neighbors like each other, speak to each other, care if anybody lives or dies! But none of you do!" and cries in grief. During the woman\'s hysterics, the neighbors all rush to their windows to see what has happened, except for Thorwald, whose cigar can be seen glowing as he sits in his dark apartment. Convinced that Thorwald is guilty after all, Jeff has Lisa slip an accusatory note under Thorwald\'s door so Jeff can watch his reaction when he reads it. Then, as a pretext to get Thorwald away from his apartment, Jeff telephones him and arranges a meeting at a bar. He thinks Thorwald may have buried something in the courtyard flower patch and then killed the dog to keep it from digging it up. When Thorwald leaves, Lisa and Stella dig up the flowers but find nothing. Lisa then climbs the fire escape to Thorwald\'s apartment and squeezes in through an open window. When Thorwald returns and grabs Lisa, Jeff calls the police, who arrive in time to save her. With the police present, Jeff sees Lisa with her hands behind her back, wiggling her finger with Mrs. Thorwald\'s wedding ring on it. Thorwald also sees this, realizes that she is signaling to someone, and notices Jeff across the courtyard. Jeff phones Doyle, now convinced that Thorwald is guilty of something, and Stella heads for the police station to post bail for Lisa, leaving Jeff alone. He soon realizes that Thorwald is coming to his apartment. When Thorwald enters the apartment and approaches him, Jeff repeatedly sets off his camera flashbulbs, temporarily blinding Thorwald. Thorwald grabs Jeff and pushes him toward the open window as Jeff yells for help. Jeff falls to the ground just as some police officers enter the apartment and others run to catch him. Thorwald confesses the murder of his wife and the police arrest him. A few days later, the heat has lifted and Jeff rests peacefully in his wheelchair, now with casts on both legs. The lonely neighbor woman chats with the songwriter in his apartment, the dancer\'s lover returns home from the army, the couple whose dog was killed have a new dog, and the newly married couple are bickering. In the last scene of the film, Lisa reclines beside Jeff, appearing to read a book on foreign travel in order to please him, but as soon as he is asleep, she puts the book down and happily opens a fashion magazine.'] ['After the Game is a crime fiction murder mystery with a theme of "after the game of poker" and "after the game of life." It deals with revenge, deceit, lust and greed, and explores karma and the afterlife. Aging gambler Benny Walsh  dies in a suspicious car crash after the biggest poker win of his life. His son, Clyde , comes to the Nevada town in search of answers. He discovers that each of his father\'s gambling buddies had ample reason to see him dead.'] ['After his leading lady  commits suicide, Alex Dennison (played by [[Robert Preston  is left heartbroken and believes she was actually murdered. On the anniversary of her death, he gathers the cast and crew of his last play in an old Broadway theatre in order to find out what really happened that fateful night.'] ["On Mayfield Place, a quiet cul-de-sac in the fictional suburban town of Hinkley Hills, Ray Peterson  is attempting to learn more about his mysterious new next-door neighbors, the Klopeks. One evening, Ray and Art Weingartner , the Petersons' other next-door neighbor, spy on the Klopeks with veteran Lt. Mark Rumsfield . The three watch Hans Klopek  drive his dilapidated Pontiac from the garage to the curb, then pull a large, heavy garbage bag from the car, place it in a garbage can and bang it with a stick. During the night, Ray watches the Klopeks digging in their back yard with pick-axes in the middle of a rainstorm. The following morning, Art runs out to check the contents of the garbage truck as it is collecting the Klopeks' can from the previous night. He is soon joined by Rumsfield and Ray, but their search in the hope of finding human remains is futile. Bonnie Rumsfield  finds neighbor Walter Seznick's  dog Queenie running loose and wonders if Walter went away. Ray, Art, Bonnie and Ricky Butler  go to Walter's house and find his toupee in the kitchen. Noting signs of a struggle, Art and Rumsfield begin to worry. Ray collects Queenie and leaves a note for Walter explaining the situation. The following night, Ray and Art have a meeting in the Petersons' basement and theorize about Walter's disappearance. At the request of Carol , Ray's wife, she, Ray, and the Rumsfields pay the Klopeks a visit, meeting Hans, Reuben  and Werner  while Art snoops around in the back yard. Later that evening, Ray reveals to Art and Rumsfield that he found Walter's toupee in the Klopeks' basement, which he previously slipped through Walter's mailslot. The trio agree to investigate the Klopeks' back yard when the owners leave in the morning. The next day, Carol and son Dave  go to visit Carol's sister, leaving Ray free to explore the Klopeks' backyard. After Art disables the Klopeks' security system, he and Ray enter the yard and begin digging while Rumsfield stands guard on his roof. After hours of digging and finding nothing incriminating, Ray and Art enter the house, where they discover what they believe to be a crematorium. Ray then begins to dig into the loose soil that constitutes the basement floor, believing there may be bodies buried there. That evening, the Klopeks drive back to their home, only to reverse out when they see lights on in the basement. Not long after, Rumsfield, Art and Ricky are perturbed to see Walter return home. When the Klopeks return with the police, Art goes into the Klopeks' home to rescue Ray, who hits a gas line with his pick-axe. He yells for Art to flee right before the house explodes into flames with Ray still inside. A disheveled Ray emerges from the flames just as his wife returns. Art talks to an officer, who explains that Walter had a medical problem and his family took him to the hospital. While away, Walter had made arrangements for the Klopeks to pick up his mail. When Ray had previously slipped the toupee back through the mail slot, it got picked up with the mail. Ray snaps at Art and declares that the neighbors were wrong about the Klopeks, before lunging at Art and then throwing himself into an ambulance on a gurney. Joining Ray in the ambulance, Werner Klopek, thinking Ray must have seen the skull of one of his former neighbors in the basement, attempts to murder Ray to collect his skull too, revealing that Art was right all along. Hans assumes the role of the ambulance driver, but crashes into the Weingartners' house during the three-way struggle. The gurney, with Ray and Werner aboard, rolls out of the ambulance and down the street. Ray makes a citizen's arrest on his would-be murderer as Ricky uncovers a large selection of bones in the Klopeks' trunk. The Klopeks are then arrested and the charges against Ray are dropped."] ["A medical student named Lewis Moffitt protects a private anxiety of the dark, which stems from a shocking ordeal from his childhood involving a dead body. However, he acts unaffected during the first autopsy witnessed by his class, and has an effect on audacity. But this motivates his would-be frat brothers to formulate a morose induction practice, one which is expected to go amiss. The film is narrated by the keeper of a graveyard, who invites viewers to keep him company while he searches for his lost cat. As he steps near a certain grave, he is reminded of Moffitt's ordeal."] ['It tells about four men on a bachelor party in New York who ride the subway and, along with two strippers from the club, accidentally get off at a station that closed down in the 1970s. Trapped in the tunnels beneath New York, they witness the murder of a transit cop by three psychotic transients and find themselves on the run for their lives.'] ["Nick Cavanaugh  is a lonely Atlanta surgeon obsessed with a woman named Helena . After she is injured in a grievous hit-and-run motor vehicle accident in front of his home, he kidnaps and treats her in his house surreptitiously, amputating both of her legs. Later, he amputates her healthy arms as well. Though Helena is the victim of Nick's kidnapping and mutilation, she dominates the dialogue with her constant ridiculing of him for all of his shortcomings. After some time living together she becomes lonely and returns his affection."] ['{{plot}} Patrolmen Dennis Peck and Van Stretch arrest a drug pusher and his girlfriend. The girlfriend resists and Stretch viciously assaults both of them. Outside, patrolman Dorian Fletcher sees a man running towards him; he shoots him. Peck discovers that the man had no weapon; Dorian is shocked and repentant, but Peck proceeds to take a knife out of his boot, clean off his prints, and place it in the dead man\'s hand. Dorian tries to stop Peck, who convinces him that cops watch each others\' backs. Los Angeles, 7 November 1989 Raymond Avila joins the Internal Affairs Division  of the Los Angeles Police Department  and is partnered with Amy Wallace. They are initially assigned to investigate Van Stretch\'s conduct from the drug-bust. During a mandatory interrogation, it is discovered that Stretch has committed three code 181\'s for excessive force in less than ten months, has an uncontrollable substance abuse issue, and is a racist. After interviewing his wife Penny, who shows signs of domestic abuse, they start looking closely at his financial holdings, which suggest something suspicious. Stretch\'s partner Dennis Peck, so called role model of the LAPD, seems to have no clue to his partner\'s private life. Yet, as Stretch comes under pressure from Avila to sort himself out, certain issues about Peck begin to surface. An altercation between Peck and Dorian over the arrest of a prostitute/informant is witnessed by several patrolmen, and other officers express their distaste for Peck and his techniques. Stretch is pressured to provide evidence against Peck in return for immunity from prosecution. While this fails, Avila finds a type of ally in Dorian, who shows disgust with the similarities between Avila and Peck but agrees to help. Peck also insinuates making advances on Kathleen, Raymond\'s wife, if Avila persists in his investigation. Raymond\'s marriage is starting to wilt due to his increased obsession with the case. Stretch, pushed to the breaking point, calls his wife and tells her he intends to testify against Peck. Penny, who is having sex with Peck at the time, urges Van not to talk to anyone before she speaks with him first. 6 December 1989 Peck and Stretch are on patrol during the graveyard shift in Huntington Park. While heading through an industrial sector, they run across an abandoned blue van. Everything appears routine, until Stretch opens the sliding door and takes a shotgun blast point blank in the chest. As the shooter emerges from the vehicle, it is clear that this was a hit staged by Peck, who congratulates the killer, and then murders him. He requests assistance to a 187 on a peace officer when the blue van suddenly speeds away, indicating a witness to the crime. Van, amazingly still alive, begs for help. Dennis instead positions himself to strangle him, making it appear to the arriving ambulance crew as if Van died in his arms. 17 December 1989 After making efforts to track down the witness to Van Stretch\'s murder, a sting is set up to catch him. However, things get bloody after information of the sting is somehow leaked, and Avila and Wallace notice a sudden response from two LAPD SWAT tactical units, who shoot on sight. The witness panics, shooting and killing Dorian, before he is taken out by a police sniper. As he dies in Avila\'s arms, he identifies Peck as the man behind Stretch\'s murder. 7 January 1990 Peck meets with Kathleen, insinuating to be IAD himself, to ask about Raymond\'s behavior at home and other innocent, on-the-surface questions. The real intent is so Raymond, who is "covertly" following Dennis, sees him with Kathleen, thus establishing that Dennis can manipulate the game to his advantage. The episode puts Raymond "on tilt" as he goes back to the office, slams a chair down and is sent home. Entering the elevator he is confronted by Dennis, who beats him up and throws a pair of panties in his face, boasting that he bedded Raymond\'s wife earlier. Raymond\'s rage boils over, and he goes looking for Kathleen, finding her at a restaurant with a client from the gallery where she works. Raymond proves he is totally off the hook when he repeatedly asks Kathleen "who did you have lunch with?" When she does not reply, he reveals that he knows. He then punches the client, slaps Kathleen to the floor and screams obscenities in Spanish at the other patrons as he storms out. The two  make up the following morning when Kathleen convinces Raymond that she would never sleep with Peck. 10 January 1990 Avila and Wallace\'s continued pressure on Peck\'s family bears fruit when Peck\'s wife reveals the name of one of his associates, Steven Arrocas, which also happens to be the last name of two recent homicide victims.  Wallace and Avila know this is far more than a coincidence. Arrocas walks in on Peck making love to his  wife. Peck tries to goad Arrocas into killing her, but Arrocas accidentally shoots Peck in the foot instead. Avila and Wallace arrive; when they split up and clear the house, Avila finds the bodies of the Arrocases in the bedroom. Peck bursts out from behind some garbage cans in the garage and shoots Wallace in the flank, then flees. Wallace is rushed to the hospital; her fate is not revealed, though the doctor says she stands a chance. Avila, fearing for his wife\'s safety, returns home to find Peck about to rape her. Avila holds Peck at gun-point; Peck pulls his knife out of his boot and lunges at Raymond, who shoots him dead, and then tries to comfort his terrorized wife.'] ['The story takes place on a Saturday in Anderson, a crime-infested ghetto in South Central Los Angeles. Members of a local gang, called \'Street Thunder\', have recently stolen a large number of automatic rifles and pistols. The film begins the previous night, as a team of heavily armed LAPD officers ambush and kill several members of the gang. In the morning, the gang\'s warlords swear a blood oath of revenge, known as a "Cholo", against the police and the citizens of Los Angeles. During the day, three sequences of events occur in parallel in and around Anderson: *First, Lieutenant Ethan Bishop , a newly promoted CHP officer, is assigned to command the old Anderson police precinct on Gramercy during the last few hours before it is permanently closed. The station is manned by a skeleton staff composed of one officer, Sergeant Chaney , and the station\'s two secretaries, Leigh  and Julie . *Second, a member of Street Thunder shoots and kills a little girl and the driver of an ice-cream truck. The girl\'s father, Lawson, pursues and kills the hoodlum, whose fellow gang members chase the man into the Anderson precinct. In shock, he is unable to communicate to the officers what has happened to him. *Third, a prison bus commanded by Starker  stops at the station to find medical help for one of the three prisoners being transported. The prisoners are Napoleon Wilson , a convicted violent killer on his way to Death Row, Wells , and Caudell, the sick man. As the prisoners are put into jail cells, the telephone lines go dead, and when Starker prepares to put the prisoners back on the bus, the gang opens fire on the precinct, using weapons fitted with silencers. In seconds, they kill Chaney, the bus driver, Caudell, Starker, and the two officers with Starker. Bishop unchains Wilson from Starker\'s body and puts Wilson and Wells back into the cells. When the hoodlums cut the station\'s electricity and begin a second wave of shooting, Bishop sends Leigh to release Wells and Wilson, and they help Bishop and Leigh defend the station. Julie is killed in the firefight, and Wells is killed after being chosen to sneak out of the precinct through the sewer line. Meanwhile, the gang members remove all evidence of the skirmish in order to avoid attracting outside attention. Bishop hopes that someone has heard the unsilenced police weapons firing, but the neighborhood is too sparsely populated for nearby residents to pinpoint the location of the noise. As the gang rallies for a third assault, Wilson, Leigh, and Bishop retreat to the basement, taking the still-catatonic Lawson with them. In the climactic scene, the gang rushes the group\'s last stronghold and Bishop shoots a tank full of acetylene gas, which explodes violently, killing all the hoodlums. Finally, two police officers in a cruiser radio for backup after discovering the dead body of a telephone repairman hanging from a pole. When more police officers arrive and secure the station, they find the only survivors of the assault - Bishop, Leigh, Wilson, and Lawson. Bishop asks Wilson to walk out of the station with him, rather than be led away in chains.'] ["Tom Ripley  has been sent to Italy to persuade his wealthy friend, Philippe Greenleaf , to return to the United States and take over his father's business. Philippe intends to do no such thing, however, and the impoverished Tom enjoys living a life of luxury, so the two men essentially spend money all day and carouse all night. Tom is fixated on Philippe and his girlfriend Marge , and covets the other man's life. The spoiled, arrogant Philippe eventually grows bored with his friend's fawning and becomes cruel and abusive to him. The final straw is when, during a yachting trip, Philippe strands Tom in the dinghy and leaves him to lie in the sun for hours. Back on board, Tom hatches a plan to kill Philippe and steal his identity. First, he leaves evidence of Philippe's philandering for an outraged Marge to find. After Marge goes ashore, Philippe confronts Tom, who admits his plan quite casually. Philippe, believing it to be a joke, plays along and asks Tom for the plan's details. Suddenly frightened, Philippe offers Tom a substantial sum to leave him and Marge alone, but Tom states that he can obtain this sum anyway, and far more. At last pretending to accept his offer, Tom stabs Philippe to death as the latter screams Marge's name. He casts the body overboard and returns to port. Upon returning, Tom informs Marge that Philippe has decided to stay behind. He then goes traveling around the country using Philippe's name and bank account, even flawlessly mimicking his voice and mannerisms; in effect, Tom has become Philippe. When Philippe's suspicious friend, Freddie Miles , begins to suspect the truth, Tom murders him as well. Freddie's body is soon found and the Italian police inevitably get involved. However, Tom continues playing his charade, switching between his own identity and Philippe's, depending on what the situation demands. After carrying out an elaborate scheme to implicate Philippe in Freddie's murder, Tom forges a suicide note and a will, leaving the Greenleaf fortune to Marge. In the aftermath, Tom has survived a long string of close shaves, thrown the Italian police off his trail, and seems to have outwitted everybody. He even succeeds in seducing Marge, with whom he begins openly cohabiting. However, when Philippe's yacht is being moved into dry dock, his decomposed body is found still attached to the boat because the anchor cable used to sink his corpse had become tangled around the propeller. Tom is unknowingly called toward the police shortly thereafter; it is implied that he will be arrested."] ['The film opens with three criminals - Ray , an immoral and slightly neurotic thief, Fantasia , Ray\'s less violent girlfriend and Pluto , an intelligent yet psychopathic killer. After Fantasia sets up several friends, Ray and Pluto commit six brutal murders over the course of one night in Los Angeles, with the intention of finding a cache of money and cocaine. The trio leaves town for Houston to sell the cocaine to a friend of Pluto\'s. The LAPD start investigating the case, with two detectives taking the helm. After getting a few good leads, they discover that the three are possibly headed for Star City, Arkansas. The LAPD contacts the Star City sheriff, Dale "Hurricane" Dixon . Dixon is not what they expect. Dixon often talks too much, listens too little, and takes things for granted. Dixon is excited about the case, as it gives him an opportunity to do "some real police work". Dixon is well known throughout the small county, saying hello to everyone - except one five-year-old black child whom he occasionally sees. Whenever he sees this particular child, Dixon becomes quiet and uncomfortable. The detectives travel to Star City and meet up with Dixon. Dixon attempts to ingratiate himself with the LAPD detectives, whom he reveres. Meanwhile, Ray, Fantasia, and Pluto are headed to Houston. They are pulled over by a state trooper. The trooper, acting on a hunch, orders Pluto and Ray out of the car at gunpoint. However, Fantasia sneaks up behind the trooper and shoots him in the head. Word of the trooper\'s murder gets to the detectives in Star City, and the trio look over surveillance photos of Ray and Fantasia in a convenience store before the murder. Dixon informs the cops that Fantasia\'s real name is Lila Walker. Lila grew up in Star City, Dixon says, and was a troubled youth who left for Hollywood with dreams of an acting career. The detectives sense there is more to the story. The detectives stop by Lila\'s relatives\' house. There they see the young boy that makes Dixon so uncomfortable. The boy is revealed to be Lila\'s young son. The detectives get the feeling that Lila is coming home to see him. Ray, Lila and Pluto arrive in Houston to sell the drugs as planned. Lila takes a bus ahead from Houston to Star City while Pluto and Ray stay behind to work the coke deal. The Houston coke deal goes terribly sour for Ray and Pluto, who then have to kill three more people and flee the city. The two drive from Houston to Star City to meet up with Lila and plan their next move. Lila arrives in town and hides out at a rural house; she gets to see her son before she must flee. When Lila\'s time with her son is up, Dixon confronts her, and it is revealed that the boy is Dixon and Lila\'s son, conceived during an affair he and Lila had years before. After much tense conversation, they make a deal. Lila will lure Ray and Pluto to ensure their capture. In exchange, Dixon will help Lila escape town. Pluto and Ray arrive at the house and are immediately confronted by an armed Dixon. Pluto stabs Dixon in the stomach and Dixon shoots Pluto at point blank range. Ray draws his gun and runs outside while shooting at Dixon. The two fire at each other outside, but Lila stops Dixon from killing Ray only to have Ray errantly shoot her in the head. Dixon is shot in the chest, but steadies himself and shoots Ray to death. Pluto walks outside and falls dead in the grass. Dixon calls for help with his police radio and the LAPD detectives  arrive, amazed at the work he has done. Dixon and Lila\'s son walks over and talks to Dixon, and he asks the boy about himself.'] ["Leigh Ann  is a high school student who wants to achieve top grades to become valedictorian and leave the town. However, her grade in history class is threatened by her sadistic and thoroughly vindictive teacher, Mrs. Tingle . Mrs. Tingle has a special dislike for Leigh Ann and down-grades Leigh Ann's well-designed project. Fellow student Luke ([[Barry Watson  takes the final exam papers from Mrs. Tingle and makes a copy. He offers Leigh Ann the papers but she insists on refusing to cheat. Ultimately, Luke stashes the papers in Leigh Ann's backpack without her consent. Out of nowhere Mrs. Tingle happens by, discovers the papers in Leigh Ann's backpack, and threatens to expel her for cheating. Leigh Ann and her two friends, Luke and Jo Lynn , head to Mrs. Tingle's house that night and try to convince Mrs. Tingle that Leigh Ann is innocent. Mrs. Tingle, however, does not listen. Luke picks up a loaded crossbow and aims it at Mrs. Tingle, threatening her. A physical struggle ensues, the crossbow goes off, and in the ensuing melee Mrs. Tingle is accidentally knocked unconscious. The students panic and tie Mrs. Tingle to her bed. Regaining consciousness, Mrs. Tingle feigns dizziness and understanding for the prank, and asks to be untied, which Jo Lynn proceeds to do, upon which Mrs. Tingle immediately attacks Jo Lynn and tries to throttle her on the bed. Luke, with loaded crossbow aimed at Mrs. Tingle, convinces her otherwise, and she is retied to her bed. The next morning Jo Lynn calls the school and impersonates Mrs. Tingle calling in sick in order to buy the trio some time, but all are unsure of what they should do next. Mrs. Tingle eventually reveals that she hates Leigh Ann because Leigh Ann has, unlike herself, the potential to leave their small town and experience life. Mrs. Tingle's romantic self-revelations are incredulous, furthering her captors' disdain of her. Mrs. Tingle plays mind-games with Jo Lynn, planting seeds of jealousy about Leigh Ann's supposed relationship with Luke. Later, she also opines that Leigh Ann does not have the guts to do anything risky that might get her in trouble; in response, an angry and infuriated Leigh Ann kisses Luke and has sex downstairs with him on Mrs. Tingle's couch. Luke and Leigh Ann find Mrs. Tingle's history grade book, and with little persuasion from Luke , decides to cheat changing the Mrs. Tucker's grade book. Leigh Ann marks down her rival's, Trudie Tucker  top A-grade down to B, and upgrades her own C to an A+. The next day at school, Jo Lynn ignores Leigh Ann because she had a crush, which Leigh Ann had been aware of, on Luke. A regretful Leigh Ann tries to make amends with Jo Lynn, but an admission that she'd had sex with Luke further infuriates Jo Lynn because of Mrs. Tingle's seeds of jealousy. Leigh Ann, Luke, and Jo Lynn decide to blackmail Mrs. Tingle by producing photographic evidence of her love affair with the school's gym teacher, Richard Wenchell , called 'Spanky' by Mrs. Tingle. Before they can enact their plot, however, Mrs. Tingle escapes from her bonds and, using the loaded crossbow, once again threatens Leigh Ann. After a violent fight she appears to tumble to her death down the staircase, but quickly recovers, scrambles to her feet, and picks up a crossbow. She fires it wildly, trying to hit Leigh Ann. Trudie Tucker walks through the door, gets hit in the chest by the bolt, and appears to be dead just as Principal Potter  arrives to check up on Mrs. Tingle. Leigh Ann forces Mrs. Tingle to confess everything – that she wanted Leigh Ann to fail, and that she shot Trudie with the bolt, among other things. Meanwhile, Trudie has been protected by a thick textbook she was holding to her chest and is completely unharmed. Mrs. Tingle is fired for the attempted murder of a student, and the final scene of the film shows Leigh Ann being named valedictorian."] ["Special Agent Jennifer Beck  is an intrepid FBI agent who is assigned to solve the case of a multimillionaire couple's missing daughter. As the clues begin to reveal themselves, Beck, who has a secret gift of clairvoyance, tries to connect the kidnapper to the girl's mother, who is having an affair with her husband's business partner. Racing against the clock, Beck must discover the real reason for the abduction before it's too late."] ["Television executive Katy  develops what she hopes will become the most watched television show of all time, the ultimate game show called Live! where six contestants play Russian roulette with a revolver with six chambers loaded with one live cartridge and five dummy cartridges. During the show, after the cylinder is randomly turned, the six will fire the gun one by one pointed at their head, without intermediate extra turning of the cylinder, until one is killed. Thus this will happen anyway. At first the idea is to go give all six contestants $1,000,000 each, but, while there are more applicants at the auditions than expected, they are suicidal people. This is not desired, the contestants should want to live; therefore the prize is raised to $5,000,000 each for the surviving contestants, while the family of the killed contestant does not get any prize. As the TV Executive struggles to overcome the challenges by the Federal Communications Commission, her network, and the show's advertisers, a documentary filmmaker  films every detail of her glamorous, high powered life. The documentary filmmaker becomes involved in the making of the show by creating biographical segments about the contestants, who are Byron ([[Rob Brown , a young, struggling writer; Brad , extreme sports star; Rick , a man who had to spend much on medical bills for his young son and is now trying to save his family's farm; Jewel , an aspiring actress; Abalone , a former super model turned performance artist; and Pablo , a young gay Mexican immigrant determined to help his family . Jewel is first, Pablo next, both are unharmed. Next is Abalone; before pulling the trigger with the gun pointed at herself she does a performance in which she frightens others by pointing the gun at them; she is also unharmed, but plays falling dead. The fourth is Byron, also unharmed. Brad is fifth and kills himself. Katy is shocked and feels guilty, and goes to the bathroom to throw up. The body is quickly removed off-camera. Rick, who would be sixth wins the prize without having to pull the trigger. After that, during the after-show press gang, a man comes forward with another gun and kills Katy. The network claims the murder is unrelated to the theme of the show. Apart from the murder the show is a success. It has become an annual broadcast. This film shares similarities with independent film Series 7: The Contenders."] ["The story moves through the lives of two fragile yet determined people and maps a private geography of love, loss and ultimate redemption. Josh leaves his advertising career at its peak, everyone wants either to be him or to have him. Then he walks away from it all, the money, recognition and the life. A car accident will leave his daughter suffering from 'locked-in' syndrome and when everyone has given up she starts communicating with him, or is he going mad?"] ["The story revolves around a perpetual loser named Richter Boudreau . Richter is from a privileged background in Tulsa, Oklahoma and works as a movie reviewer at a local newspaper only because his sour mother Cynthia  pulled strings for him to land the job. He is dissatisfied with the direction that his life has taken; he is about to be fired from his job because he can't meet deadlines, lives in a dilapidated farmhouse, does drugs behind the scenes, and is so behind on his bills that his electricity has been cut off. Richter also owes money to Ronnie Stover , an abusive drug dealer. Ronnie is married to Vicky , a beautiful woman who was disowned by her socially prominent family for her involvement with Ronnie. Richter is still in love with Vicky despite having ended their relationship years before. Vicky is the sister of Keith , a misogynistic alcoholic whose large inheritance fails to soothe his anger, loneliness, and depression. Cherry  is an exotic dancer from Chicago who buys drugs from Ronnie and gets romantically involved with Richter. Ronnie plans to blackmail Bedford Shaw , the son of a socially prominent businessman named Harmon Shaw , after Cherry tells him that Shaw murdered her friend, a stripper/prostitute, in a motel room and that she took photographs. Ronnie attempts to involve Richter by having him hold onto a mysterious black pouch and by exploiting Richter's newspaper connections. Richter wants no part of the blackmail scheme. But he gets in over his head when Keith discovers that Richter has been sleeping with Vicky."] ["Charlie Wright's  business empire is revealed to be a Ponzi scheme, having taken as much as eleven billion from his clients. Leaving his office after hearing about his punishment, Wright is intercepted by FBI Agent Hobbs , who is unable to arrest Wright as at the moment there is not a warrant. Stalling time, Hobbs gets his warrant and Hobbs' partner Jimmy  intercepts Wright as he pulls out of the office garage. Looking inside the car, Hobbs is dismayed to find that Wright is gone. The ensuing investigation leaves few clues as to where Wright fled. As it turns out, Charlie fled to Tijuana, Mexico, looking for a woman he abandoned two decades ago. From Mary  he learns that the woman died years ago, but she had a daughter, named Isabel. As he searches, Jimmy, on vacation in Tijuana, is shocked to see Charlie. Hobbs is disbelieving at first, but travels to meet Jimmy anyway. Wright searches for Isabel, but finds that she has left the country illegally. Russian Mob Members Letvinko  and Borlec  hire mercenary Damon  to go after Wright and the money he stole from the mob. Damon is given a team  to tail Wright with. Simultaneously, Mexican drug lord Jorge Garza , deeply indebted, kidnaps Charlie and offers protection in exchange for some of his money. Garza's son Gabriel  intends to keep their hostage overnight, but is attacked by Damon's team. In the battle Charlie escapes. Charlie calls Hobbs and says he wishes to return to the U.S. The Garza's track him down and Damon's team follows. They all find Wright at a market, but before they can kidnap him Hobbs shows up and takes Charlie into his custody, and the mercenaries reluctantly leave. In a voiceover letter to Isabel, Wright discusses how he views his life as a failure. Gabriel breaks the news to a distraught Jorge, who leaves the empire in Gabriel's hands as the men he is in debt to take him away. Hobbs, keeping Wright in his car, tells Wright that he found out Wright had at most six months to live as cancer had spread through Charlie's body. Hobbs allows Wright to leave and Wright gives him the details of a bank account, presumably with the money Charlie stole. The voiceover ends as Charlie sits at a beach, at some level of peace with himself."] ['Detective Sgt. Walter Brown  is assigned to protect a mob boss\'s widow, Mrs. Frankie Neall , as she rides a train from Chicago to Los Angeles to testify before a grand jury. Brown, on the way to meet her, expresses his contempt for Mrs. Neall to his longtime partner and friend Gus Forbes : "She\'s the sixty cent special. Cheap. Flashy. Strictly poison under the gravy." As the detectives and Mrs. Neall leave her apartment, they are waylaid by a mob assassin named Densel. Forbes is shot to death, and the gunman escapes. At the train station, Brown discovers that he has been followed by gangsters Joseph Kemp  and the genteel Vincent Yost , who unsuccessfully tries to bribe him. Brown\'s relationship with Mrs. Neall is caustic. She is cynical and flashy, constantly flirting with him while doubting his integrity and commitment to protecting her. Brown makes friends with an attractive passenger he meets by chance, Ann Sinclair , and her too-observant young son Tommy . However, Kemp spots them together and thinks that Sinclair is the target. When he confronts Kemp and gets into a fight with him, Brown learns of the mistake. He turns Kemp over to overweight railroad agent Sam Jennings  and hurries to warn Mrs. Sinclair. However, she has a surprise for him - she is really Mrs. Neall. The other woman is a decoy named Sarah Meggs. Meanwhile, Jennings is knocked out by Kemp\'s more-dangerous associate Densel , the assassin who killed Brown\'s partner, and Kemp is freed. The gangsters enter Brown\'s compartment and kill Meggs. Then Densel goes for Mrs. Neall. He is cornered in a locked compartment with her, with Brown outside. Brown uses the reflection from the window of a train on the next track to shoot Densel through the door, then enters the compartment and finishes him off. Kemp jumps off the stopped train, but is quickly arrested.'] ["A motorist witnesses a woman falling or jumping from a tenement building. Police arrive on the scene and find a crucifix and a small metal container . As the investigation continues, it is revealed that the dead woman is Elizabeth Lucy, a prostitute and heroin addict. Suspects in Elizabeth's death are soon murdered one by one, and evidence of occult ritual begins to surface, leading to a confrontation with a cult leader who may be possessed by Satan himself.  The Pyx is told in after Elizabeth's death/before Elizabeth's death sequence which alternates until the film's climax."] ['Kevin Lomax, a defense attorney in Gainesville, Florida, has never lost a case. He defends a schoolteacher, Mr. Gettys, against a charge of child molestation. During the trial, Kevin realizes that his client is guilty, and a reporter tells him that a guilty verdict is all but inevitable. However, through a harsh cross-examination Kevin destroys the credibility of the victim, Barbara, and secures another not guilty verdict. As he celebrates, Kevin is approached by a representative of the New York law firm Milton, Chadwick & Waters, who offers him a large sum of money to help the firm with a jury selection. After Kevin\'s jury delivers a not guilty verdict, John Milton  offers him a large salary and a swanky apartment if he joins the firm. Despite warnings from his Evangelical Christian mother, Alice, about sinful big city life, Kevin accepts the job and moves with his wife Mary Ann to Manhattan. Kevin first defends a Voodoo sorcerer, Phillipe Moyez, who ritually sacrificed an animal. He compares the incident to kashrut law and claims that his client is protected under freedom of religion, winning the case. Kevin spends an increasing amount of time at work, leaving Mary Ann feeling isolated. Kevin\'s mother visits briefly, and tells Kevin she wants to take Mary Ann back to Gainesville after seeing her mental state; however, Kevin refuses to let her take Mary Ann. Kevin next defends Alexander Cullen, a billionaire accused of murdering his wife, his child and a maid. This case demands more of Kevin\'s time, further separating him from Mary Ann. He begins having fantasies about co-worker Christabella Andreoli, while Mary Ann shows signs of mental illness. Mary Ann claims that the wives of the other partners at the firm are demons after she sees their faces become demonic while trying on clothing with them. She also claims that someone has stolen her ovaries and can no longer get pregnant after having a dream where a baby plays with her ovaries and then becomes covered in blood. Milton suggests that Kevin step down from the trial, but Kevin refuses. Eddie Barzoon, the firm\'s managing attorney, is convinced that Kevin is competing for his job after finding his name in the company papers as a partner. Although Kevin denies any knowledge, Barzoon threatens to inform the United States Attorney\'s office about the situation. Kevin tells Milton about Barzoon\'s threats, but Milton is unconcerned, sarcastically dismissing Barzoon as "God\'s special little creature". At that moment, Barzoon is beaten to death by vagrants, who take on demonic appearances. Mary Ann witnesses this, further eroding her sanity. While preparing Cullen\'s mistress Melissa to testify about Cullen\'s alibi, Kevin realizes she is lying and tells Milton he believes Cullen is guilty. Milton offers to back Kevin regardless. Kevin decides to proceed with her testimony and wins an acquittal. After the trial, Kevin finds Mary Ann in a nearby church, naked and covered with cuts. She tells her husband that Milton raped and mutilated her, but Kevin saw Milton in court with him at the time of the alleged attack; he believes that Mary Ann injured herself, and has her committed. Kevin is approached by U.S. Attorney Weaver with knowledge of the law firm\'s illegal activities. Although Kevin tries walking away, he stops when Weaver tells him that Gettys was found with a dead girl in his car trunk. Following Kevin, Weaver walks into the street and is run over by a car. Alice and Pam, Kevin\'s case manager at the firm, visit Mary Ann. Alone with Mary Ann, Pam appears as a demon through a mirror. Mary Ann attacks Pam with the mirror and locks herself in the room. As Kevin tries to break down the door, Mary Ann takes a piece of broken glass from the mirror and cuts her throat with it, killing herself. Before he can mourn, Alice reveals that Milton is Kevin\'s father. Kevin leaves the hospital to confront Milton, who gleefully admits to raping Mary Ann. Kevin fires a pistol into Milton\'s chest, but the bullets have no effect. Kevin realizes that Milton is not only his father, but also Satan himself. Kevin blames Milton for everything that happened, but Milton explains that he merely "set the stage", and that Kevin could have left at any time. Kevin realizes that he always wanted to win, no matter the cost, and left Mary Ann behind. Milton explains that he wants Kevin and Christabella, who is Kevin\'s half-sister, to conceive a child: the Antichrist. He offers Kevin anything that he wants. However, when he asks about love and Milton dismisses it as overrated, Kevin rejects his Satanic heritage, cites free will and shoots himself in the head, ruining Milton\'s plan. Kevin wakes up during the recess of the Gettys trial. After embracing Mary Ann, Kevin announces that he can no longer represent his client, despite the threat of being disbarred. A reporter follows Kevin and Mary Ann, pleading for an interview and promising to make Kevin a star. After some prodding from Mary Ann, Kevin reluctantly agrees. After Kevin and Mary Ann leave, the reporter shapeshifts into a grinning Milton. Breaking the fourth wall, he says, "Vanity &mdash; definitely my favorite sin."'] ['Banking Hours 10 to 4 is a suspense thriller happening in a bank as a person gets killed inside the bank premises and the suspense is revealed within the banking hours of 10 to 4. Anoop Menon plays the role of investigation officer.'] ["{{Expand section}} In rural Missouri, serial killer Garrick Turrell  escapes from police custody and immediately resumes taking the lives of strangers whilst searching for his ex-girlfriend, Sarah. Meanwhile, having met at group therapy for recovering alcoholics, Sarah  and Kevin  begin to develop a tentative relationship. As the body count builds, Turrell makes his way to Sarah's new location just as she seems to be getting her life in order."] ["Myra Hudson  is a successful Broadway playwright who rejects Lester Blaine  as the lead in her new play. Later, she meets Lester on a train bound for San Francisco, is swept off her feet, and, after a brief courtship, marries him. Lester learns that Myra is writing her will and plans to leave the bulk of her fortune to a foundation. He plots her murder in cahoots with Irene Neves , an old girlfriend hiding in the wings. Myra discovers their plans and concocts a diabolical scheme to kill Lester and place the blame on Irene, but cannot bring herself to go through with it. Lester learns of Myra's intention and accidentally kills Irene and himself in an attempt on Myra's life. Myra hears the two pronounced dead and breathes a sigh of relief."] ["Jack, a grad student who has a history of mental illness can not get over the death of his father. Jack decides to take over his father's business. After receiving an anonymous tip that his father was murdered, he tries to put together the murder scheme. Soon after, he settles on his Uncle Carl as the prime suspect. At the same time, he realizes that his life is in danger."] ['Michael O\'Hara  meets the beautiful blonde Elsa  as she rides a horse-drawn coach in Central Park. Three hooligans waylay the coach. Michael rescues Elsa and escorts her home. Michael reveals he is a seaman and learns Elsa and her husband, disabled criminal defense attorney Arthur Bannister , are newly arrived in New York City from Shanghai. They are on their way to San Francisco via the Panama Canal. Michael, attracted to Elsa despite misgivings, agrees to sign on as an able seaman aboard Bannister\'s yacht. They are joined on the boat by Bannister\'s partner, George Grisby , who proposes that Michael "murder" him in a plot to fake his own death. He promises Michael $5,000 and explains that since he wouldn\'t really be dead and since there would be no corpse, Michael couldn\'t be convicted of murder  Michael agrees, intending to use the money to run away with Elsa. Grisby has Michael sign a confession.  On the eve of the crime, Sydney Broome, a private investigator who has been following Elsa on her husband\'s orders, confronts Grisby. Broome has learned of Grisby\'s plan to actually murder Bannister, frame Michael, and escape by pretending to have also been murdered. Grisby shoots Broome and leaves him for dead. Unaware of what has happened, Michael proceeds with the night\'s arrangement and sees Grisby off on a motorboat before shooting a gun into the air to draw attention to himself. Meanwhile, Broome, injured but alive, asks Elsa for help. He warns her that Grisby intends to kill her husband. Michael calls to inform Elsa but finds Broome on the other end of the line. Broome warns Michael that Grisby was setting him up. Michael rushes to Bannister\'s office in time to see Bannister is alive but that the police are removing Grisby\'s body from the premises. The police find evidence implicating Michael, including his confession, and take him away. At trial, Bannister acts as Michael\'s attorney. He feels he can win the case if Michael pleads justifiable homicide. During the trial, Bannister learns of his wife\'s relationship with Michael. He ultimately takes pleasure in his suspicion that they will lose the case. Bannister also indicates that he knows the real killer\'s identity. Before the verdict, Michael escapes by feigning a suicide attempt. Elsa follows. She and Michael hide in a Chinatown theater. Elsa calls some Chinese friends to meet her. As Michael and Elsa wait and pretend to watch the show, Michael realizes that she had killed Grisby. Elsa\'s Chinese friends arrive and take Michael, unconscious, to an abandoned Fun House. When he wakes, he realizes that Grisby and Elsa had been planning to murder Bannister and frame him for the crime, but that Broome\'s involvement ruined the scheme and obliged Elsa to kill Grisby for her own protection. The film features a surreal climactic shootout in a hall of mirrors, the Magic Mirror Maze, in which Elsa is mortally wounded and Bannister is killed. Heartbroken, Michael leaves presuming that events which have unfolded since the trial will clear him of any crimes.'] ['{{plot}} Roger O. Thornhill, a twice-divorced Madison Avenue advertising executive , is mistaken for "George Kaplan", and is kidnapped by Valerian ([[Adam Williams  and Licht . The two take him to the house of Lester Townsend on Long Island. There he is interrogated by a man he assumes to be Townsend, but who is actually foreign spy Phillip Vandamm . He orders his right-hand man Leonard  to get rid of him. Thornhill is forced to drink bourbon in an attempt to stage a fatal road accident. However, he pushes one thug out of the car and drives off. After a perilous drive, he is arrested for drunk driving. He is unable to get the police, the judge, or even his mother  to believe what happened to him, especially when a woman at Townsend\'s residence says he got drunk at her dinner party; she also remarks that Lester Townsend is a United Nations diplomat. Thornhill and his mother go to Kaplan\'s hotel room. While in the room, Thornhill answers the phone; it is one of Vandamm\'s henchmen. Narrowly avoiding recapture, Thornhill takes a taxi to the General Assembly building of the United Nations, where Townsend is due to deliver a speech. Thornhill meets Townsend face to face and is surprised to find that the diplomat is not the man who interrogated him. Before they can talk any more, Valerian throws a knife, striking Townsend in the back. He falls forward, dead, into Thornhill\'s arms. Without thinking, Thornhill removes the knife, making it appear to onlookers that he is the killer. He flees.  Knowing that Kaplan has a reservation at a Chicago hotel the next day, Thornhill sneaks onto the 20th Century Limited. On board, he meets Eve Kendall , who hides Thornhill from policemen searching the train. She asks about his personalized matchbooks with the initials ROT; he says the O stands for nothing. Unbeknownst to Thornhill, Eve is working with Vandamm and Leonard, who are in another compartment. Upon arriving in Chicago, Thornhill borrows a porter\'s uniform and carries Eve\'s luggage through the crowd, eluding police. Eve lies to Thornhill, telling him she has arranged a meeting with Kaplan.  Thornhill travels by bus to an isolated crossroads, with flat countryside all around and only scarce traffic in northwest Indiana an hour and half drive south of Chicago. Another man  is dropped off at the bus stop, but he turns out to be unconnected to Thornhill. Moments later, the plane turns toward Thornhill. To his terror, it dives at him, passing him at an altitude of only a few feet, forcing him to throw himself to the ground. Thornhill flees to the cover of a cornfield, but the plane dusts it with pesticide, forcing him out. Desperate, Thornhill steps in front of a speeding gasoline tank truck, making it stop. The plane crashes into the tank truck and explodes. Thornhill returns to the hotel, where he is surprised to learn that Kaplan had already checked out when Eve claimed to have spoken to him. Suspicious, he goes to Eve\'s room to question her. She lets him get cleaned up as she leaves. From the impression of a message written on a notepad, Thornhill learns her destination: an art auction. There, he finds Vandamm, Leonard, and Eve. Vandamm purchases a pre-Columbian Tarascan statue and departs. Thornhill tries to follow, only to find all exits covered by Vandamm\'s men. He escapes from them by placing nonsensical bids, making such a nuisance of himself that the police have to be called to remove him. Thornhill tries to remain safely in police custody and identifies himself as the fugitive wanted for Townsend\'s murder, but the officers are ordered to take him to Midway Airport instead of a police station. He meets the Professor , an international British spymaster who is after Vandamm. The Professor reveals that George Kaplan does not exist: he was invented to distract Vandamm from the real government agent – Eve, who was already in a relationship with Vandamm when alerted by the Professor to Vandamm\'s espionage activity. As Eve\'s life is now in danger, Thornhill agrees to help the Professor in order to protect her. They fly to Rapid City, South Dakota, where Thornhill  meets Eve and Vandamm in a crowded cafeteria at the base of Mount Rushmore. He offers to let Vandamm leave the country in exchange for Eve, but is turned down. When he tries to keep her from leaving, Eve shoots Thornhill and flees. He is taken away in an ambulance. At a secluded spot, however, he emerges unharmed, having been shot with blanks. To his dismay, he learns that, having proven her loyalty and made herself a fugitive, Eve will accompany Vandamm out of the country that night. To keep him from interfering further, Thornhill is locked in a hospital room. Thornhill manages to escape and goes to Vandamm\'s mountainside home, slipping inside undetected. He learns that the Tarascan statue contains secrets on microfilm. While Eve is out of the room, Leonard fires the gun she used at Vandamm, demonstrating how the shooting was faked. Vandamm decides to throw Eve out of the airplane when they are flying over water. Thornhill manages to warn her by writing a note inside one of his ROT matchbooks and dropping it where she can find it. On the way to the airplane, Eve grabs the statue and joins Thornhill. Leonard and Valerian chase them across the top of the Mount Rushmore monument. Valerian lunges at the pair, but falls to his death. Eve slips and clings desperately to the steep mountainside. Thornhill grabs her hand, while precariously holding on with his other hand. Leonard appears and treads on his hand. They are saved when the Professor has a police marksman shoot Leonard, whose lifeless body falls off the mountain, and Vandamm is arrested. The scene transitions from Thornhill pulling Eve up to safety on Mount Rushmore to him pulling her, now his wife, onto an upper bunk on a train. The final shot shows their train speeding into a tunnel.'] ["Erica  spends her nights trawling the bars and beds of Austin. Emotionally withdrawn, her only form of human contact is a series of one-night stands, until she meets the mysterious Nate , who claims to have been honorably discharged from service in Iraq. Despite his air of danger, Nate’s the only man who seems to want her company for more than sex, and the two form a hesitant bond. But one of Erica’s casual sexual encounters, Franki  &mdash; a young, hot-headed wannabe rock star &mdash; is about to return dramatically into her life.SXSW 2010: Simon Rumley's Red, White And Blue Gets Bloody In First Teaser!"] ['Railroad supervisor Carl Buckley gets fired from his job. He persuades his seductive wife to pay a visit to an important railroad customer in order to try to get his job back. When Buckley suspects that his sexy, younger wife Vicki  has done more than just talk with the rich old magnate, he smacks her around. He then jealously stalks his rival, finally stabbing him to death in a train compartment. Locomotive engineer and Korean War vet, Jeff Warren  observed Vicki in the vicinity of the murder, but shields her at the inquest, as she sets his pulse racing. The two begin an affair which is hard to keep quiet in such a small town. Vicki then starts scheming for Warren to kill her increasingly drunk and violent husband.'] ['In Cardiff, Wales, a young Polish seaman named Bronislav Korchinsky  returns from his latest voyage to visit his girlfriend Anya . When he finds a woman named Christine  living in her apartment, the landlord tells him that he evicted Anya and gives him her new address, which is also the home of a young girl named Gillie Evans , an orphaned tomboy who lives with her Aunt. Gillie\'s angelic face hides the fact that she is a habitual liar, and she dearly wants a cap gun so she can play "Cowboys and Indians" with the boys in her neighbourhood. Korchinsky arrives shortly after she gets into a fight, and she begins to like him as she leads him to her apartment building. Korchinsky finds Anya in her new apartment, but she wants nothing to do with him. Dissatisfied with waiting while he is at sea, she has been seeing another man, a sportscaster named Barkley . When Korchinsky assaults her, she defends herself with a gun, but he takes the gun from her, becomes furious with jealousy, and shoots her dead. Gillie witnesses the incident through the mail slot in the apartment door. When the landlord investigates the noise, Gillie hides in a closet, and when Korchinsky hides the gun near her, she takes it and runs into her apartment. Wanting to keep the gun, Gillie lies to police superintendent Graham  about what she saw. Korchinsky follows her to a wedding at her church, where she shows the gun to a boy who sings with her in the choir, and afterwards he chases her into the attic. After he takes the gun from her, they make friends and he agrees to take her to sea with him as he flees the country. He learns that a Venezuelan merchant ship, the Poloma, will leave port the next day, and Gillie leads him to a hiding place in the countryside, where he entertains her by re-enacting his overseas adventures. When the Poloma is due to sail, and the scene of the vessel locking out is actually filmed at Avonmouth, he persuades Gillie to let him go alone, retrieves his identification papers from Christine, and signs on to the ship. Meanwhile, the police investigate the murder. The mother of Gillie\'s choir friend finds the bullet Gillie gave him, the boy tells Graham about the gun, Christine brings a photograph of Korchinsky to the police, and Barkley admits to owning the gun and seeing Anya after she was shot. Some men find Gillie at the hideout and take her to the police, where she continues to lie, identifying Barkley as the murderer. With Barkley as a suspect, she admits to having seen the crime and re-enacts it for Graham at the apartment, but she accidentally reveals that she knows the killer is Polish. She still denies knowing Korchinksy, but Graham drives her to the pilot Station at Barry Docks and takes her on a Pilot Boat to the Poloma as it approaches the boundary of territorial waters three miles from shore. At this point Gillie is obviously trying to obstruct Graham\'s progress. When he confronts her and Korchinsky aboard the Poloma, they deny knowing each other, and the captain stops him when he arrests Korchinsky because the ships navigating officer plots Poloma\'s position just outside the three mile limit which is beyond the jurisdiction of the British police Finally, Gillie falls overboard while trying to stow away on the ship so she can remain with Korchinksy. Being the only person to see her fall, Korchinsky ignores the risk of arrest and dives into the water to save her and they are both rescued by the police boat. Korchinsky admits his guilt after Gillie hugs him, and Graham commends him for his bravery in saving her.'] ['The film opens at Mercy Falls, an English children\'s hospital which is closing down. Only eight patients remain, waiting to be transferred. One of the patients, Maggie, whom we later learn is an orphan suffering from cystic fibrosis, tells the night nurse, Susan, that she has seen "her" again. An annoyed Susan tells Maggie to return to bed. Just then, Simon, another patient, shrieks in pain as his leg is broken. Susan and Dr. Robert cannot find a reason for this, though, since the child was found lying in bed. Just as a second x-ray of the leg is being taken, Simon\'s leg is broken again. Susan quits the job, frightened by all she has seen. Amy Nicholls, an American nurse, arrives at the hospital to replace Susan. Amy learns that the elevator no longer goes up to the second floor, a ward that has not been used since 1959. Her colleague Helen Perez introduces her to the eight children. Maggie tells her about a ghost who haunts the hospital named Charlotte, whom she calls "the mechanical girl", and communicates through some toy blocks. Strange things occur throughout Amy\'s first night at Mercy Falls, but she tries to remain calm, and asks Roy, the caretaker, about Charlotte. Roy mentions that other children throughout the years have mentioned the ghost as well. The next day, Amy and young Simon get stuck in the elevator, which takes them up to the second floor. After a bit of a struggle, Roy manages to help them out. A startled Amy begins to ask more questions about the second floor. She mentions it to Mrs. Folder, the hospital\'s director, but is told to forget about it. Amy decides to ask Maggie about Charlotte again. Strange things continue happening throughout the night, and Amy decides to dig deeper into this mystery. Amy visits Susan\'s home to ask her if she knew anything, but learns from a priest at the house that Susan had died the day before in a car accident. The priest mentions that he\'d noticed something troubling Susan and that she\'d sought help from two women. Amy visits them and learns more about the afterlife. The women tell her that ghosts stay close to what they love and that the living world and the afterlife are separate. They tell her only those close to death can glimpse ghosts. They believe there is an evil presence in the hospital and warn Amy. Back at Mercy Falls, the children watch Sleeping Beauty, and Amy tells Helen and Mrs. Folder about Susan\'s death. After the movie, Amy and Maggie talk about love and kisses. Amy asks Roy to show her the files of the other children who\'d mentioned Charlotte. Later that day, when Roy tries to pack the dice  he is attacked by something and is killed. Amy decides to go up to the second floor, through a ceiling door that she is shown by Maggie. There, she finds an old photograph which shows a girl in a wheelchair posing with a nurse, and a film-reel which shows this girl at a medical treatment of osteogenesis imperfecta. On the back of the photograph is written "Charlotte and Mandy, 1959." Amy is startled when she thinks she sees the mechanical girl and rushes out of the second floor. Using Roy\'s projector, she and Dr. Robert view the film. Robert tells her the disease Charlotte suffered from was very painful, a sickness that causes the patient\'s bones to be very, very susceptible to fractures. The treatment for it  was primitive and barbaric. Doctors had built a metal frame for Charlotte to wear, a mechanical frame that was connected to tubes implanted throughout the child\'s body. Amy now believes Charlotte is the angry and uncontrollable ghost of the little girl. She warns Helen and Robert to get the children ready to leave and goes to find help. She finds Mrs. Folder, who calls for help and drives Amy back to the hospital. Folder tells her that she is wrong - Charlotte wasn\'t the name of the little girl in the photo, but the name of the nurse. The nurse had become obsessed with Mandy, the osteogenesis sufferer. She\'d begun to purposely break the girl\'s bones and eventually murdered the child. She then put on the child\'s frame and jumped into the elevator shaft, killing herself. Amy realizes that what Charlotte wants is the children, that is why she still remains in the hospital. Amy knows the ghost will not let the children leave without hurting them. She arrives at the hospital, which is now falling apart because of Charlotte\'s rage, and, with the help of the rest of the adults, keeps the children inside, preventing Charlotte from becoming angrier. As help arrives, Amy realizes that everything is suddenly calm, and Mrs. Folder says that Maggie is missing. Amy goes up to the second floor to save Maggie from Charlotte and gets badly hurt in the process. The two make it back down to the first floor. Charlotte stands there with an angry expression, satisfied that she has hurt Maggie and Amy. Maggie dies in Amy\'s arms soon after. Amy tells Robert that she\'s meant to die too, since she saw the ghost. Amy is saved at the last minute, though, after receiving a love kiss from Maggie\'s ghost. The movie ends with Amy waking up in a different, significantly less haunted hospital and an elderly dying man seeing Maggie\'s ghost sitting by Amy\'s bedside.'] ["Chicago air traffic controller Jack Harris , though cleared of responsibility for a major Transair crash which had killed all 174 aboard, gives up the job to instead design air control software. Five years later, his ex-colleague T.C. Bryant , meanwhile also transferred to Phoenix, desperately asks him to help out short-term, given desperate staff shortage on New Year's Eve with a bad storm predicted, after a power cut hits. Colleagues welcome him in very different states of mind but he quickly proves his capabilities."] ["New Mexico Deputy Sheriff Ray Dolezal is called to look at a body in the White Sands desert alongside a suitcase with $500,000 discovered by two tourists. A mortician is content to have the death remain a mystery, but Dolezal sees a chance to escape the boredom of being a family man and a law officer in a small town where not much seems to happen. They track the victim, Spenser, and his last known residence to a local motel. During the autopsy they find a phone number written on paper inside the stomach. Dolezal calls the number, posing as Spenser, to set up a meeting. At the motel, two females attack him at gunpoint, grab the money and instruct him to meet Gorman Lennox at a restaurant. Dolezal is intercepted by an FBI agent named Greg Meeker, who informs him that Bob Spenser was an FBI agent working undercover. Now that Dolezal has handed the money over to the bad guys, Meeker concludes he may as well continue to pose as Spenser in an effort to regain the money or help the FBI make a bust. He meets Lennox and wealthy associate Lane Bodine and learns that the money is being used to buy illegal arms in an effort to fund left-wing freedom fighters that are apparently being slaughtered by right-wing militia somewhere in South America. However, the arms dealers want $250,000 more for the weapons. Meeker, not willing to cough up more money, pushes the responsibility of raising the additional quarter-million dollars on Dolezal. Dolezal ends up romancing his way into Lane's life so that she will attract rich humanitarian donors to donate the needed money. The plot thickens as two FBI men from internal affairs look for Dolezal, thinking he killed Spenser and took the money. Lane knows that Dolezal is not really Spenser, but she agrees to keep the secret and raise the money because she finds Dolezal an attractive, honest alternative to the violent Lennox. Dolezal suspects that something else is going on and when he attends a rodeo with Lane and meets Noreen, who had an affair with the real Spenser. It turns out Spenser was working with someone else from the FBI who likely killed him. Noreen runs away in fear and Dolezal is grabbed by the internal affairs agents. Noreen ends up shot to death in her car in a parking lot. They are run off the road by Lennox. He kidnaps the FBI internal affairs men and takes Dolezal out into the desert to drop another bombshell—he knows who Dolezal really is, because Lennox is secretly a CIA agent who wants to ensure that the arms deal goes through in order to ensure the survival of the military-industrial complex through warfare. Lennox kills the two agents. He informs Dolezal that he has also kidnapped Lane. Dolezal must find where she hid the $250,000 and then meet Lennox on a deserted military base in the White Sands desert. Dolezal uncovers the money in a briefcase buried in Lane's horse's stall. He beats up an FBI agent whom Meeker had tailing him. He then kidnaps Meeker and takes him out to the White Sands dunes, handcuffing him to a pipe inside an abandoned building. Dolezal explains that Lennox is CIA, that the FBI will be arriving soon and that Meeker can either face punishment for killing Spenser and stealing the money or try to flee. Dolezal leaves a gun behind, so that with some effort Meeker is able to grab it and hide behind a bathroom stall. Lennox arrives and reveals that Lane is alive, down the road a few miles. Dolezal has placed the briefcase in the abandoned building, but when Lennox walks in, Meeker shoots and kills him. Dolezal drives away and picks up Lane. He then drops her off at her estate and even though she still has hopes, however remote, that he'll stay with her, he explains that he loves his wife and needs to return home to his family. Before leaving, he hands her a plastic garbage bag containing the $250,000 she had obtained through her pseudo-fund raising event. A small army of FBI arrive in cars and helicopters. Meeker has broken the pipe he was cuffed to, escaped from the abandoned building, and is running on the White Sands desert with the briefcase. Dolezal has left the original $500,000 he was originally suspected of stealing so that the FBI will no longer be after him, but one of the agents notices footprints going out into the White Sands and so they head off in pursuit. Just as the FBI catches up with him, Meeker stumbles and drops the briefcase, causing it to open. It does not have any money in it, just sand."] ['The film opens in a Montreal apartment, where a woman named Lisa  waits for an old man to sew bags of heroin into the cloth body of an old-fashioned doll. As she leaves the apartment with the doll, we see the man watching her leave, then dialing someone on the phone. Lisa takes the doll with her on an airline flight to New York City, but when, on disembarking, she sees a man watching her, she becomes worried and gives the doll for safekeeping to a man she\'d spoken with on the plane, professional photographer Sam Hendrix . The man who\'d been watching Lisa then roughly escorts her away. Later, when Lisa calls Sam to ask for the doll, Sam and his wife are unable to find it. Some time afterward, small-time con artist Mike Talman  and his partner Carlino  arrive at the basement apartment where Sam lives with his wife Susy , who is blind. The two men watch until both the apartment\'s occupants have left, then enter. The con men have an appointment with Lisa, who\'d been their partner in crime prior to the recent imprisonment of both, but they are met instead by Harry Roat, Jr. , whom the audience recognizes as the man who watched and met Lisa at the airport. After discovering Lisa\'s body hanging in a garment bag, Talman and Carlino want to make a quick exit, but Roat points out that they have left their fingerprints all over the apartment, while he has worn gloves. Roat is then able to prevail upon the two to help him dispose of Lisa\'s body--he\'d caught her going into business for herself, he explains--and to help him try to find the heroin-stuffed doll. Later that day, Susy\'s neighbor leaves for the weekend, and Sam leaves for a business trip the next morning. Once Susy is alone, the criminals begin an elaborate con game: In order to gain entry into the apartment, Talman poses as a friend of Sam\'s, Carlino poses as a policeman, and Roat poses first as an old man and then as the man\'s son. Using first an innocuous story about Sam and the doll, then a darker one implying that Lisa has been murdered and that Sam will be suspected, the men persuade Susy to help them find the doll. Talman gives her the number for the phone booth across the street as his own after falsely warning her of a police car stationed outside. During this time, Susy has grown suspicious of Carlino and Roat, and Gloria , a girl who lives upstairs and is paid by the couple to help Susy with errands, has been going in and out of the apartment, sometimes without Susy\'s noticing that she is there. After Talman leaves, Gloria sneaks into the apartment carrying the doll, which she stole some time earlier. She tells Susy there is no police car outside, and Susy discovers the doll. Wanting to confirm her suspicions about Carlino and Roat, Susy tells Gloria to go home and watch the phone booth. If a man goes into it, Gloria is to phone Susy, let the phone ring twice, and hang up. Gloria tells Susy she can signal her by banging on the pipes. On Carlino\'s next visit, after he calls Roat at the phone booth, Gloria sends Susy the telephone signal, and she sends the signal a second time after Susy calls Talman to tell him she has the doll. Finally realizing that Talman is a criminal, Susy hides the doll. When he walks in with Corlino and Roat following quietly, she tells him the doll is at Sam\'s studio. The criminals leave after Roat cuts the telephone cord. When Susy bangs on the pipes, Gloria comes in and Susy sends her to the bus station in a taxi to wait for Sam. When Susy discovers that the telephone cord has been cut, she prepares to defend herself by putting the criminals in the dark along with her, breaking all the bulbs in the apartment\'s light fixtures. She also pours a chemical into a bowl. When Talman returns, she refuses to cooperate. Talman has spent the most time with Susy and he has come to admire her for her quiet strength and ability to stand up to the three criminals, despite her disability. He admits to her that he and his confederates are part of a criminal plot and that Sam, as Susy suspected, is completely innocent of any involvement, while Roat is a particular danger. Susy needn\'t worry, though, Talman says, as he has sent Carlino to kill Roat. However, Roat has killed Carlino instead, and, as Talman prepares to leave, pausing to say something to Susy as he stands in the doorway, Roat stabs him in the back. Intent on acquiring the doll, Roat chains the door shut in the dark apartment, pours gasoline on the floor, and sets a piece of newspaper on fire. A desperate battle follows in which Susy throws the chemical in Roat\'s face and she forces him to put out the fire. But the battle ends when Roat obtains light by opening the refrigerator, whose door he props open with a rag in the hinge. Susy, weeping, pulls the doll out from its hiding place and hands it to him. While Roat cuts open the doll and gloats over the treasure inside, Susy is able, unnoticed by him, to arm herself with a large kitchen knife. Roat then pushes Susy towards the bedroom, making an ambiguous threat as to his intentions. As he pushes her forward, Susy suddenly turns and stabs Roat in the belly. She flees his grasp, but is unable to escape through the chained door. She stumbles across the floor toward the kitchen window to scream for help, but Roat unexpectedly leaps out from the darkened bedroom and grabs her ankle. Screaming, Susy wrenches free, but the dying Roat doggedly pursues her, using the knife with which she stabbed him to drag himself across the floor. Susy is at the refrigerator, trying to close its door and thus extinguish its light, unaware of the rag that is preventing its closure. She then gropes for the refrigerator\'s cord, murmuring desperately, "Where is it?" As the reeling Roat stands with his last strength and staggers toward her with the knife, Susy\'s scream merges with the sound of a police siren, and the scene switches to the arrival of police cars outside the apartment. When the police enter with Sam and Gloria, Sam finds an unbroken light bulb and we see the room littered with the bodies of Talman and Roat, but no Susy. Finally, as Sam calls out for her, the door of the unplugged refrigerator moves, and Susy emerges from behind it, alive.'] ['The plot tells the story of a feud between two affluent families, the long-established  Hillcrists, played by C.V. France, Helen Haye, and Jill Esmond, and the nouveau riche  Hornblowers, played by Edmund Gwenn, John Longden, and Frank Lawton. Two underlying themes in the story are class warfare and the urbanization of the countryside. The Hillcrists are upset by the actions of Mr. Hornblower, whom they consider to be ostentatious and crass, in buying up land, evicting tenant farmers, and surrounding the area with factories. The Hillcrists make every effort they can to preserve the last large piece of open land that adjoins their beautiful rural estate. After being tricked out of the land in an auction, the Hillcrists learn a dark secret about Mr. Hornblower\'s beautiful daughter-in-law Chloe . It turns out that she had previously earned a living by playing the professional "other woman" in pre-arranged divorce cases. When Mr. Hornblower learns of this secret, and that the Hillcrists have discovered it and are prepared to use it against his family, Mr. Hornblower agrees to sell the rural land to the Hillcrists for less than half the auction price, on the condition that the family swears to keep the information secret. However, the news starts to leak out, precipitating a crisis in the family. Chloe Hornblower goes to the Hillcrists, begging them to help keep the secret from her husband, who is aware that something is going on. She hides behind a curtain when her husband unexpectedly storms into the Hillcrist home, demanding to know the secret. Keeping his promise to Chloe, Mr. Hillcrist makes up a story, but the young Mr. Hornblower is not convinced, and declares that he intends to end his marriage, even though Chloe is pregnant with his child. Upon hearing this, Chloe runs to the lily pond outside the Hillcrist home and drowns herself. When her body is discovered, the elder Hornblower concedes that Hillcrist has destroyed him and his family completely. Hillcrist attempts to apologize.'] ['Talented New York artist Harry Donovan  is an expert forger of famous artists\' paintings, but is struggling to become a legitimate artist in his own right. Until now, he has avoided detection by forging third and fourth tier masters, but that is about to change. Frustrated by the cancellation of an exhibition of his paintings, Harry accepts a job forging a long lost Rembrandt for $500,000 from three art dealer clients—Alistair Davies , Ian Hill , and Agachi —against the wishes of his artist father  who wants his son to give up forgery and concentrate on his own work. Despite his father\'s wishes, Harry takes the job and travels to Amsterdam to study Rembrandt. He decides to forge a never-discovered portrait of the master\'s blind father lost supposedly off the coast of Spain over 350 years ago. Harry continues his research in Paris, where he meets a beautiful Rembrandt scholar, Professor Marieke van den Broeck , who tells him she is a "student". Harry does not know that one of his main source books was written by Marieke. With her unwitting help, he gains access to an actual Rembrandt being restored at the Louvre from which he obtains scrapings of the original varnish. Soon Harry and Marieke become involved romantically. Harry travels back to Amsterdam, where he paints his "Rembrandt" in an attic studio using period materials and a photograph of his own father as a model.American artist James Gemmill painted the Rembrandt forgery for the film.<ref nameN He then journeys to Spain where he shows his three clients his forged masterpiece. After they find a local farmer who is paid to claim to have "found" the painting, the three clients invite two art experts to examine the painting, and they "confirm" it to be a Rembrandt. They return to London with the painting for a final authentication by a group of experts, which includes Marieke, to Harry\'s surprise. Several experts agree it is genuine, but Marieke does not. Angered to learn that his clients plan to hold a public auction, Harry tries to take back his painting, is threatened at gunpoint, and defends himself. After Harry makes his escape with the painting, Davies shoots and kills Agachi, and then frames Harry for the murder and the theft of the painting. After eluding arrest, Harry finds Marieke, handcuffs her to his wrist, and together they escape on the Orient Express. Forced to flee the train by the pursuing police, they make their way through the English countryside, eventually splitting up before Harry is finally arrested while attempting to destroy his forgery at Mentmore Towers. During his trial Harry tries to prove his innocence by duplicating the painting in open court to show that the painting is fake. His feelings, however, over his father\'s recent death and his wish for him to give up forgery prevent him from completing the painting. "Only Rembrandt can paint a Rembrandt," he concludes. Harry is saved when Hill, fearing his partner\'s homicidal intentions, testifies that Davies was actually the one who murdered Agachi. After his release, Harry discovers that Hill plans to auction the painting himself and reap all the financial benefits. Having anticipated such an outcome, Harry had written a letter to the farmer in Spain notifying him of the deception. Spanish law allows the government first right of purchase from the discoverer of all treasures found on Spanish soil. The painting ends up in the Museo del Prado and the farmer ends up with all the money. In gratitude, the farmer invites Harry to Spain where he gives the artist half the money—$5 million. Harry then travels back to Paris to meet Marieke. He gives her an original portrait of herself that he painted in his own style. After signing the painting, the couple kiss and embrace on the romantic banks of the Seine.'] ["Teenagers Sherlock Holmes ([[Nicholas Rowe  and John Watson ([[Alan Cox  meet and become good friends as students at London's prestigious Brompton Academy. Watson is introduced to Holmes’ mentor, Rupert T. Waxflatter ([[Nigel Stock , a retired schoolmaster and inventor. Waxflatter's niece Elizabeth  is also Holmes’ close friend and love interest and Holmes competes for her affections with fellow student Dudley , though she shows a marked preference for Holmes. Meanwhile, a hooded figure uses a blowpipe to shoot Bentley Bobster and Reverend Duncan Nesbitt with hallucinogenic thorns, the effects of which lead to their deaths; Bobster leaps out a window; Nesbitt is trampled by a horse carriage. Holmes suspects foul play but is rebuffed by Scotland Yard policeman Lestrade  when he suggests a connection between the deaths. Holmes is unjustly expelled from the Academy due to Dudley’s machinations. Before he leaves, Holmes has one last match with his fencing instructor Professor Rathe ([[Anthony Higgins  but loses after becoming distracted by a light reflected from Rathe’s ring. The mysterious hooded figure strikes again, shooting Waxflatter with a hallucinogenic thorn, causing him to stab himself as he fends off imagined gargoyles. As he dies, Waxflatter's last words to Holmes are “Eh-tar.” Holmes secretly meets with Watson and Elizabeth and begins his investigation of the murders. Piecing together the clues – a jingling-bell sound made by the killer, a piece of cloth, and the blowpipe dropped at Waxflatter's murder scene – the trio uncover the existence of Rame Tep, an ancient Egyptian cult of Osiris worshippers. The cult’s main weapons were blowpipes, used to shoot thorns dipped into a solution which cause the victim to experience realistic, nightmare-like hallucinations. Their investigation then leads to a warehouse of Froggit and Froggit, a Wapping-area manufacturer, where they discover a modern-day revival of the Rame Tep cult conducting their service inside a wooden-pyramid-reconstruction hidden in the warehouse. When Holmes interrupts the ceremonial sacrifice of a young girl, the three are attacked and shot with thorns by the worshippers. It is only through Holmes’ endurance and the intervention of a graveyard caretaker that they're able to survive the hallucinations and their pursuers. The following evening, at Waxflatter’s loft, Holmes and Watson discover a picture of the three victims and a fourth man, Chester Cragwitch . Unfortunately, Rathe and school nurse Mrs. Dribb  catch and separate them, preparing to expel Watson and Elizabeth in the morning. The three escape their sleeping quarters and Elizabeth returns to the loft to salvage her uncle’s work. Holmes and Watson locate Mr. Cragwitch who explains that in his youth, he and the other men discovered an underground pyramid of Rame Tep while planning to build a hotel in Egypt. Their find led to an angry uprising by the local populace which was violently put down by the British Army; one boy, Eh-Tar, who along with his sister lost their parents in the uprising, swore revenge. Craigwitch is then poisoned by the hooded figure's thorn and suddenly attacks Holmes but is subdued by Mr. Lestrade, who came after reconsidering the evidence presented by Holmes. As they return to campus, Holmes realizes that Rathe is Eh-Tar, but he and Watson arrive too late to stop Rathe and Mrs. Dribb, who is revealed as Eh-Tar's sister and the hooded figure, from abducting Elizabeth. Using Waxflatter’s self-propelled, heavier-than-air flying machine, they travel to the warehouse just in time to prevent Rathe from sacrificing Elizabeth, setting the cult's pyramid temple afire. As Rathe escapes with Elizabeth, Mrs Dribb is killed in a fight with Holmes. Watson successfully thwarts Rathe’s escape by sabotaging his carriage. Rathe then tries to shoot Holmes, but Elizabeth intervenes and takes the shot instead. Enraged, Holmes duels Rathe and manages to get the better of him when Rathe falls through the frozen River Thames. Holmes returns to Elizabeth’s side and caresses her as she dies. Afterwards, as he exchanges goodbyes with Watson, Holmes explains how he figured out the identity of Rathe and Dribb, with Watson pointing out that Rathe is Eh-Tar spelled backwards – a clue that Holmes had failed to notice. As Holmes leaves by horse carriage, Watson expresses per voice-over  that he would long for yet more adventures at Holmes' side. Some time later, Rathe is revealed to be alive; he checks himself into an inn as “Moriarty”, making him Holmes' arch-nemesis."] ["The plot of the film revolves around a group of Glasgow teenagers who, while on a hike through the Scottish highlands discover an abandoned baby in the ruins of a castle. As the group attempt to get the baby to safety a mysterious wolf-like beast suddenly appears, lurking in the darkness and begins stalking them, intent on killing the group one by one. They soon realize they must kill the beast before it slaughters them all. The group eventually realize that the werewolf will be able to easily pick them off if they stay out on the moors, and decide to go back to the castle where they found the baby, and is also the beast's lair. After spending the night there, they create a plan to kill the monster. Kelly Ann lures the monster up a staircase and the boys push a stone down onto it. They then stab it to death with spears. Another beast enters the castle and kills one of the group. Kelly Ann and her boyfriend Lee are the only survivors and flee back into the countryside. The beast in the castle seems anguished at the death of its partner, and the viewer realizes that the two were mates. It follows the two and kills Lee. Kelly Ann and the baby eventually make it to the hotel where the group was supposed to meet with their guardian, Father Steve. Kelly Ann takes the baby into a bedroom to breastfeed him. The monster appears and kills the owner of the hotel and chases Father Steve into the bedroom where Kelly Ann is. He finds a mother monster feeding its pup, and it kills him. The viewer realizes that the baby was the werewolves' child and it infected Kelly Ann by biting her while she was breastfeeding it earlier in the film. In the credits, two beasts walk through a field back towards the castle while their offspring runs around them."] ['Psychiatrist Dr. Hannibal Lecter  hosts a dinner party in his townhouse in Baltimore, Maryland. Lecter is later visited by Will Graham , a gifted agent with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with whom he has been working on a psychological profile of a serial killer who has removed edible body parts from his victims, leading Graham to believe that the killer could be a cannibal. During the consultation, Graham discovers evidence implicating Lecter in the murders. Lecter attacks Graham, almost disembowelling him, before Graham overpowers Lecter. Lecter is sentenced to life imprisonment in an institution for the criminally insane while Graham, traumatized by the experience, retires. Years later, another serial killer, nicknamed the "Tooth Fairy", appears. He stalks and kills seemingly random Southern families during sequential full moons. Hoping to capture the killer before his next attack, Special Agent Jack Crawford  seeks Graham\'s assistance. The death of another family weighing on his conscience, Graham reluctantly agrees. After visiting the crime scenes and speaking with Crawford, he concludes that he must once again consult Dr. Lecter. The "Tooth Fairy" is actually a schizophrenic named Francis Dolarhyde  who kills at the behest of an alternate personality he calls "The Great Red Dragon." He is obsessed with a William Blake painting, The Great Red Dragon and the Woman Clothed in Sun, and believes that each victim he "changes" brings him closer to "becoming" the Dragon. His pathology is born from the severe child abuse he suffered at the hands of his sadistic grandmother . Freddy Lounds , a tabloid reporter who hounded Graham after Lecter\'s capture, now follows him for leads on the Tooth Fairy. There is a secret correspondence between Lecter and Dolarhyde. Graham\'s wife  and son are endangered when Lecter gives the Tooth Fairy the agent\'s home address, forcing them to be relocated to a farm owned by Crawford\'s brother. Lecter, aware that the feds are onto him, raises the stakes: in return for his help, he requests a first-class meal in his cell and the return of his book privileges. Hoping to lure the Tooth Fairy out of hiding, Graham gives Lounds an interview, in which he disparages the killer as an impotent homosexual. This provokes Dolarhyde, who kidnaps Lounds, glues him to an antique wheelchair, forces him to recant his allegations, and then sets him on fire outside his newspaper\'s offices. At his job in a St. Louis photo lab, Dolarhyde falls in love with Reba McClane , a blind co-worker, but his Dragon personality demands that he kill her. He takes her home, where they make love. Dolarhyde attempts to stop the Dragon\'s "possession" of him by going to the Brooklyn Museum and literally consuming the original Blake painting. Graham deduces that the killer knew the layout of his victims\' houses from their home videos, which he could only have seen if he worked for the editing company that transfers home movies to video cassette. Dolarhyde finds Reba with a co-worker, Ralph Mandy , whom she actually dislikes. Enraged, Dolarhyde kills Mandy, kidnaps Reba, takes her to his house, and then sets it on fire. Finding himself unable to shoot her, Dolarhyde seems to shoot himself. Reba is able to escape as the police arrive and the house explodes. Dolarhyde, having staged his own death, turns up at Graham\'s home in Florida where he holds Graham\'s son hostage, threatening to kill him with a piece of broken glass. To defuse the situation, Graham slings insults at his son that are reminiscent of the ones Dolarhyde\'s grandmother had used against him. Feeling a sudden sympathy for the boy, the enraged Dolarhyde attacks Graham as the boy flees to safety. Both men are severely wounded in a shootout which ends when Graham\'s wife Molly fatally shoots Dolarhyde. Later, Graham receives a letter from Lecter, which bids him well and hopes that he isn\'t "too ugly."'] ['Therapist Tess Parker  meets Paul Tomlinson , an English professor she\'s wacky over, and he\'s also a guy that is too good to be true. Her patient Carla , comes to Tess to tell her about her former lover who wanted to marry her but needed some time after his wife\'s death, even though they started going out when he was still married, but he left it a year and never came back, only to tell her that he was with someone else. Tess tries to comfort her after she thought Carla was going to jump of the edge of a building. The descriptions Carla gives Tess of her former lover seem some what familiar, but it is until the time she saw her after that, that Carla shows Tess her ring that was given to her by him, and a book that she always carries around written by him, Author: Paul Tomlinson, and just to clarify, his picture too. Tess eventually confronts Paul about this and he says that he knew her as a librarian, and the time Tess saw him hug her was to thank her for getting a \'hard to find\' book for him. He says he had no relationship with her at all except sending her flowers to thank her for all her help with the book, and that he was not sleeping with her. Tess, believes him and they go on a merry-go-round together. Afterwards, they walked around the funfair and had a lovely, little snog. Unfortunately, Carla was passing by and shouted at Tess for using her to steal him away from her. Tess told Carla that she wasn\'t, but Carla slapped her and drove away. Tess tried to run after her but Paul said to let her go. He gave her a hug and said "God save them all". The next day, Tess goes to Carla\'s apartment, Carla wouldn\'t go to the door but it was open so Tess walked in. Carla was nowhere to be seen, so Tess had a snoop around, she found a picture of Paul, a pot from his favourite Japanese restaurant, another book written by him, but more importantly, in a wooden chest, she found some love letters, she opened one, at the top it said \'dear my love\', and at the bottom, it said \'with all my love, Paul\'. Disturbed, she walked out with the letter. At night, in bed, she has a dream about making perfect love to Paul. In the morning, she has a shower and gets out when the slightly ajar bathroom door shuts, assuming someone was there. She then finds Paul\'s jumper on her chair. She jumps when she hears Carla\'s voice and is horrified when she turns around and finds that Carla is there. Carla tells her that Paul left it at her house this morning and came round to show her and taunt her. Tess shouts at her to get out or that she\'d call the police. Carla said it was a good idea because Tess was in danger. Carla told Tess that she\'s warning her to stay away from Paul because he killed his wife, and that he\'d kill again. Carla walked out. Outside Tess\'s house, Paul came and said he was worried about her. She told him that Carla dropped in on her shower this morning, she showed him that Carla\'s  sweater. He said he had no idea how she got it. He told her maybe she stole it because she said it herself that she broke into her house and that she was capable of anything. Then she showed him the love letter, she asked him if he wrote it, he said yes-to his wife, he had been trying to find them. Suddenly Tess asked him how his wife died, he said this was sick. He said it was an accident, she was hiking up in the mountains and he guessed that she tripped and fell, he guessed because he wasn\'t there because they had just had an argument and he went back to the cabin, the rangers said it looked like she slipped. She told him that Carla said he killed his wife. He said they weren\'t the perfect couple by any means, but he loved her. She apologised and said that she didn\'t know to explain her behaviour lately, she let herself get sucked into Carla\'s delusions. He forgave her. She asked why he was here and he said that she called and the school told him that Tess had left a message saying that it was urgent. Then they both realised, Carla. Her front door was already open. They started looking for her. Tess tried the kitchen and found everything broken and thrown around. The meat in her freezer had been stabbed, and there was blood on the walls. Paul told Tess to go back to his place and let the police take care of Carla. At Paul\'s place, he went for a shower and she fell asleep after a tiring day. She woke up, and wandered into another room-where she found his wedding picture, the glass had broken in half. The door closed behind her and she was locked in. She tried to get out but she couldn\'t. She realised that a chair was on fire and the smoke alarm went off. More desperate than ever, she struggled with the door and shouted Paul\'s name. Just in time, Paul came and opened the door and pulled her out. As he tried to put out the fire, she called 911. They arrested Carla. The police told Tess and Paul that they were only going to question her because for all they knew, it could have been either one of those two because the fire was set. Tess and Paul went to Paul\'s other house, it was snowing there. Later, again, they went to bed together. And as a surprise for Tess, Paul put a ring on Tess\'s finger. It was a surprise for her, as it was the same ring as Carla said he had made especially for her. This was enough to start believing that Paul was telling lies, and that it was Carla all along who spoke the truth. She told him she\'d be right back and went upstairs to change and pack, as he was looking the other way she quietly came down the stairs and left. In the car Carla showed up after she had been questioned and told her she\'d have to run, because the roads were covered with ice. Tess asked her what she was doing and Carla replied "saving your life". She said it was him who messed up her kitchen and started the fire. They ran off. After waiting for a while, shouting her name with no replies, and searching upstairs to find no-one except a dressing gown, he realised she had gone. Paul changed, and left as well. As Tess and Carla were running on because Carla new the route well, Paul found it easy to follow them because it was snowing and he just followed their footprints. He eventually caught up with them. Carla told him that Tess knew everything and he told Tess that he loved her. Carla told him that Tess knew that he killed his wife. He said she was crazy. She reminded him when he brought her up there that weekend and his wife found them, and when he told his wife how much he loved Carla. She said that when his wife\'s back was turned on the mountains, he snuck up and pushed her. Tess interfered and said that if Carla was lying, how would he explain the ring, that Carla has exactly the same. He said he only gave the same ring to his wife whom never took it off, and as far as he knew, she was buried with it. That is when they realised. Tess asked Carla, "you killed her?". She said she did it for each other. Paul angrily started walking forward. Carla was slowly walking back and didn\'t notice a huge drop behind her, she slipped, and fell, but she was holding on...to Paul\'s hand. He said that he should let her die. Tess said no, hold on. Paul did, but it was too hard, she fell again and held on to a rock. Her last words were to Paul saying "you still love me, don\'t you?", until her hands slipped of the rock and she fell to her death crashing into many more sharp rocks along the way. Tess cries and Paul comforts her. Outside Paul\'s second house, we have to assume the next day, Tess and Paul, are getting ready to leave, putting their luggage in the car. Paul finishes putting the rest in the boot as Tess gets into the car. Looking for a map she opens a draw in the front of the car, finding two tiny boxes thinking they were for her, she opens them two find two identical heart rings, the same as she had been given from Paul and the same as his wife had been given from him. We see her with a weird face. The film ends with the camera zooming out on Paul getting into the car.'] ['The film opens up on Laura Black , a young and ambitious intern from Virginia who is preparing to say farewell to her family after having accepted a job at Kensitron Electronics International  in Silicon Valley, California. After receiving her well-wishes, Laura moves out to California where she receives a tour of her new workplace at the K.E.I. offices. During her tour with future co-worker Chris , Laura meets long-time K.E.I. employee Richard Farley , who is immediately infatuated with Laura\'s beauty. The three go out to lunch, where Richard takes a liking to Laura, and afterwards invites her to a local tractor pull, but she politely declines the offer. Looking for a home, she later visits an apartment in Sunnyvale, and is accepted as a new roommate by the current tenant. On her first day at the office, Laura gets settled in her new work station, but is surprised to find that Richard is there waiting for her. He offers her fresh-baked blueberry bread to show his affections before leaving. In the days that follow, Laura enrolls in a local aerobics class, where Richard watches her intently as she removes her top to show off her aerobics uniform. When class ends, he asks her out to a concert and then dinner, but again, she politely turns him down. He then says that they can\'t have a relationship if she keeps turning him down. Laura is quick to correct him, saying that their relationship is strictly professional. In spite of this, Richard continues to make advances on Laura, seemingly convinced that he and Laura are in fact in a romantic relationship. At the K.E.I. softball game, Laura once again denies that their relationship extends beyond their workplace, but Richard stays to watch as she plays the softball game. During the game, however, Laura\'s new friend Glenda Moritz  takes note of Richard\'s infatuation with her, though Laura says she can handle him. When they start laughing over his advances, he takes this as a deeply personal insult. Richard continues to pursue Laura. Through an excuse of wanting to present a birthday for Laura, he is allowed by a coworker to see her personal dossier, from which he learns of her birthday and address. One day, he shows up at her apartment and presents her with a gift. She finds that it is an RC bulldozer, and he says "if you\'re going to act like a child I\'m going to have to treat you like a child". Laura reluctantly accepts the gift while hiding her evident resentment at his frequent harassment. That night at dinner, her roommate shows concern over the situation and tells her she should confront Management about Richard, but Laura insists that she can handle him, saying that if she did otherwise, she would be his victim. As retaliation for her repeated refusals to go out with him, Farley slashes Laura\'s tires at home. Laura calls the police about the incident, and suspects Farley as the culprit. He later tells her he feels awful about what happens. She sarcastically replies "I bet you do", he then confronts her on her suspicions, warning her that if she sends any cops around him, it will mean trouble. Laura goes to KEI\'s management and files a formal complaint, but they prove to be of little help to her, believing that Farley liked her because she smiles at him. However, management instructs Farley to leave her alone. Eventually, Richard enrolls in the same aerobics class as Laura, much to her frustration, explaining that management told him to leave her alone at work, but cannot control him outside of work. While working on a new closet for his landlady and co-worker Nancy Hammond , Richard is confronted by Nancy, who says very gently that Laura is not interested in him. Richard persists however and photographs Laura from the yard in front of her house, and seemingly shows up everywhere she goes. With the harassment increasing, Laura and her roommate move away to a new apartment. In spite of the move, Richard breaks into Laura\'s office and discovers her new address, as well as her family records. He confronts her at the offices and threatens to go after her sisters if she does not learn to accept that she "is meant for him". Her horror only worsens at Christmas when Laura goes home to Virginia to be with her family, and receives a gift from Richard. It is a doctored photograph of the two of them together on "their summer vacation". Grief-stricken, Laura confesses the situation to her family, who insist that they help her get out of this before it boils over. Laura refuses their help, insisting that she loves her job and will not let Farley intimidate her. However, she files a second complaint to K.E.I.\'s management, only to find herself at square one once again. At a restaurant, Laura is in the women\'s washroom when Farley barges in and angrily accuses Laura of thinking he is a joke. She corrects him, he then angrily says "don\'t talk down to me" and violently smashes the bathroom mirror and threatens her for not accepting his advances. He asks her if she is resisting his advances because she wants to "win", she then corrects him again, saying she merely wants him to leave her alone. Laura reports the incident, and the work force managers confront Farley on his actions, who insist that his frequent harassment is illegal. Unfazed, Richard declares that he will kill anyone who attempts to interfere with his "private relationships", and is fired for this death threat. Angered at the loss of his job, Farley seriously considers the fulfillment of his previous threats. In the months that follow, Richard gets a new job at a rival company, but the harassment continues on an irregular basis. Laura starts dating Sam Waters , who fears for Laura\'s safety. To protect her, he teaches her how to use a gun for self-defense, and promises to take it back if she finds herself uncomfortable with the weapon. That night, Richard breaks into her garage and leaves a note on her windshield. Laura confronts him and he casually brushes it off with yet another advance. Laura almost draws the gun from behind her back, but ultimately relents. At work, Laura receives a major promotion but can\'t get it because of improper clearance. Thinking it to be because of Richard\'s harassment, Chris suggests that Laura get a restraining order against Richard. Laura follows through and Farley receives the order from the court. Enraged at this turn of events, Farley decides it is time to get even with Laura. He sells his pickup to a co-worker and purchases an RV, as well as several shotguns and over 2000 rounds of ammunition. At work, Laura is anxious about her upcoming court appearance to make the restraining order against Farley permanent. That afternoon, Farley drives up in front of the K.E.I. offices in his RV, and loads up several shotguns and revolvers with ammunition, as well as several explosives. Upon exiting the RV, Farley advances on the building, and shoots one of his co-workers with a shotgun. He then blasts his way through the lobby firing at random employees, who run for cover and call the police. Farley advances up the stairwell where he shoots two unsuspecting employees, and then blasts his way into the secure offices. Panic ensues as all personnel flee the building and take cover in their offices, with several more being gunned down by Farley. Among Richard\'s victims is Glenda, who pleads for her life as Farley blasts her through an office window, killing her. Hearing the gunshots, Laura calls for security when Richard bursts into her office and takes aim. Laura ducks for cover but is shot in the left shoulder, and collapses to the floor unconscious. Farley continues his rampage, blasting at employees, computers, and offices as he holes himself up inside the building. The police and several SWAT units arrive and evacuate the building, and surround the compound with snipers and riflemen. The police soon receive a positive identification on Farley, and discover his evident obsession with Laura, who is still trapped in the building with dozens of hostages. Hostage negotiator Lt. Grijalva  soon arrives on the scene to negotiate with Farley while the police keep an eye on the building. Meanwhile, Laura makes her way through the ransacked offices, finding the bodies of several of her co-workers as she tries to control the blood loss in her shoulder. She finds two of her surviving co-workers, who nurse her wounds while taking cover from Farley. Meanwhile, Grijalva contacts Richard and proceeds to negotiate a hopeful surrender, while also dissuading him from shooting any more employees. Richard remains stubborn, however, and attempts to make out Laura as the guilty party for refusing to go out with him, and insists that she was the one messing with him. Determined to escape, Laura flees the building despite protests from her two friends, who remain behind taking cover. Laura narrowly avoids Farley\'s watch as she escapes outside. Laura is rushed to a hospital for surgery, all the while blaming herself for the unfolding horror. Farley continues to hole himself up inside the building, at one point executing one of his surviving victims and unknowingly shooting Chris, who was hiding in the washrooms. However, Nancy survives the rampage and Richard allows her to leave unharmed. Grijalva keeps Richard calm by advising that all SWAT teams retreat from the building perimeter, and distracts Farley as they go in to evacuate the remaining survivors. Farley, exhausted and thinking that he will die, demands a sandwich and a diet cola from Togo\'s while he considers surrendering. The police agree to provide him with the food if he ditches some of his weapons through a window, all the while keeping sniper teams on watch. Hours later, the police produce the food and Farley is given the all-clear to ditch his weapons, but is soon informed that they still don\'t have the means to get the food to him. Grijalva suggests that he surrender and have the food outside. Finally Farley, overcome with exhaustion and dehydration, agrees to surrender to the police. At the hospital, Laura receives life-saving surgery and is placed in the intensive-care unit, where she is reunited with her roommate. At the K.E.I. offices the SWAT team, not taking any chances, converge on the main lobby as they await Farley. Richard surrenders unarmed, and is swiftly apprehended by the police, seemingly unconcerned by the carnage he has caused. The SWAT team evacuates the last remaining hostages and rescue the injured Chris, who glares at Richard as he is taken to an ambulance. Lt. Grijalva arrives with Richard\'s food, at which time Richard asks if Laura will remember all this. Evidently disgusted with Richard\'s cruelty, Grijalva silently leaves the food in the car as the police arrest Farley and escort him to prison.'] ['The film\'s opening intertitle reads: :"This story is told against a background of political unrest in a city of Northern Ireland. It is not concerned with the struggle between the law and an illegal organisation, but only with the conflict in the hearts of the people when they become unexpectedly involved." The city and the organisation are never explicitly named, but the protagonist, Johnny McQueen , is the IRA-like group\'s leader in the city. Johnny has been hiding the past six months since his escape from prison in a house occupied by Kathleen Sullivan , who loves him, and her grannie. Johnny has been ordered to rob a mill to obtain funds. His men, however, are a bit uneasy about his fitness for the task, having noticed a change in him since his escape; he has expressed his new belief that negotiation might achieve their goals more effectively than violence. Dennis  offers to take his place, but Johnny turns him down. Johnny, Nolan  and Murphy get the money. As they leave, Johhny is confronted by an armed cashier. Johnny is shot in the left arm before he kills the cashier. Pat  drives off at high speed before Johnny is fully inside the getaway car. Johnny falls off. While his confederates argue about what to do, Johnny gets up and dashes away. Dennis orders the others to report to headquarters. Along the way, however, the trio arouse the suspicion of the police, out in force on a manhunt for the robbers. They are pursued, but get away. Pat and Nolan stop off at Theresa O\'Brien\'s place; Murphy does not trust her and goes elsewhere. She betrays the pair to the authorities. As they leave, they are gunned down after they start shooting. Dennis finds Johnny, but the police show up nearby. Dennis is captured after drawing them away. Johnny makes his way toward Kathleen\'s place, but collapses in the street. Passersby Maureen and Maudie take him home, thinking he has been struck by a passing lorry. When they discover who he is, Johnny departs and gets into a parked hansom cab. "Gin" Jimmy , the cabdriver, comes out and starts looking for a fare, unaware he already has a wanted man for a passenger. When he finds out, he drops Johnny off as quickly as he can. Shell  spots him dumping the now nearly unconscious fugitive. A poor man, he goes to Catholic priest Father Tom , hoping for a financial reward. By chance, Kathleen arrives shortly afterward, looking for help. Father Tom persuades Shell to fetch Johnny. Shell, while dropping off his pet bird at home, has to fend off another resident, painter Lukey , who wants him to pose some more for him. Meanwhile, Johnny revives and stumbles into a private booth in a crowded bar. Proprietor Fencie  recognises him; wanting no trouble, he closes his establishment a bit early. He then recruits Shell and the persistent Lukey, who have separately converged on the bar, to take Johnny away in a cab. Over Shell\'s protests, Lukey takes Johnny back to his studio to paint his portrait. Failed medical student Tober  tends to Johnny\'s wound as best he can. Johnny hallucinates, thinking Father Tom is talking to him. Johnny then speaks aloud parts of 1 Corinthians 13, first verse 13 , then 1-2 . When a sympathetic police inspector , who had earlier led a search of Katleen\'s home and warned her against getting involved, shows up to try to get information from Father Tom, Kathleen slips away. She arranges passage on a ship for Johnny and goes searching for him. Shell starts Johnny toward Father Tom\'s, then goes ahead and encounters Kathleen. She takes Johnny to the ship, but finds the police closing in. Johnny is too far gone to see them. When he asks, "Is it far?", Kathleen replies, "It\'s a long way, Johnny, but I\'m coming with you." She then draws a gun and starts firing, forcing the policemen to shoot back, killing them both.'] ['A man staggers into the police station to report a murder. When the desk sergeant asks who was murdered, he answers: "I was." That man is Professor Dexter Cornell , who then sits down to video-tape his account. Thirty-six hours previously, Cornell, is on campus. He is a college professor, was once a promising writer, made his name and is secure in his tenure, but he has spent the last four years going though the motions and playing it safe. "Publish or perish" is the contrasting rule of university politics and Cornell helps his friend Hal Petersham ([[Daniel Stern  with his first book. While he is in his office, a promising student, Nick Lang , jumps off a building right outside his office in an apparent suicide. This is coupled with the depressing Christmas season, unseasonably hot weather and the divorce papers given to him by his wife Gail  in leading Cornell to the local bars for a night of drinking. There he meets admiring student Sydney Fuller  and they proceed to get drunk. The next morning, Cornell, feeling his sickness is more than just a hangover, stops by the campus medical clinic for a checkup. After running some tests, they discover that he has been poisoned and has 36 hours to live. An incredulous Cornell staggers out to try to make sense of it all. Aided by Fuller, whom he kidnaps by super-gluing himself to her arm, he attempts to recreate the events of the previous night hoping to discover who could have murdered him. The list of suspects includes his wife, who is also the victim of a murder, which the police make half-hearted efforts to pin on Cornell. It is learned that Lang was not a suicide but was also murdered. Cornell also suspects Lang\'s mentor Mrs. Fitzwaring , Bernard  the Fitzwarings\' chauffeur and Graham Corey , a jealous co-worker. In the end, at the police station, Cornell has solved the crime. He staggers out to meet his fate.'] ["Dolores Claiborne , a strong-willed and sarcastic woman, works as a domestic servant in a coastal town in Maine. The film opens with Dolores having an argument with her elderly, paralyzed employer Vera Donovan , after which Vera falls down the stairs. Dolores ransacks the kitchen and is then caught by a mailman as she stands over Vera with a rolling pin, apparently intending to kill Vera. Vera dies and the police begin an investigation, believing Dolores murdered Vera. The police, however, do not charge Dolores with a crime. Dolores' daughter, Selena St. George , a successful but depressed and alcoholic journalist, arrives in town to support her mother. Dolores insists that she did not kill her wealthy employer, but she finds little sympathy, as the entire town believes she murdered her husband, Joe St. George  almost 20 years earlier. some of the town's inhabitants harass her by vandalising her home, taunting her in the street and driving by her house, screaming at her. Detective John Mackey , who was the chief detective in her husband's murder case, is determined to put Dolores away for life. Selena also believes that Dolores killed her father, and so has not spoken to her mother in over a decade. Selena did not witness Dolores killing her father. As the film develops, it is revealed that Joe was an abusive alcoholic, and that one night Dolores had threatened to kill him if he ever harmed her again. The film's flashbacks also reveal that Dolores started to suspect Joe of molesting Selena. Dolores went to work for Vera Donovan as a housemaid in order to raise enough money to pay for Selena's education, but upon realizing that Joe had been molesting Selena, she goes to the bank to withdraw her money so she and Selena can flee Joe's wrath. The plan backfired, however, when the bank notifies Dolores that Joe stole the money from Selena's savings account. Back in the present, Dolores says that Vera had thrown herself down the staircase and, tired of her disabled life, begged Dolores to put her out of her misery, something Mackey refuses to believe; he reveals that Vera has left her entire fortune to Dolores. Mackey informs them that the will is eight years old, which nearly convinces Selena that her mother is guilty. After a fierce argument, Selena storms out, leaving her mother to fend for herself. Dolores finally decides that it is time to reveal the truth to Selena: She did in fact kill Joe, and it was actually Vera who suggested the plan to her. Dolores says that she had been pushed to the breaking point upon realizing that Joe had been molesting Selena, which Selena furiously denies. In a flashback to a scene some 20 years before, Vera engages in her regular ritual of berating Dolores, who breaks down crying and confesses her troubled home life. An unusually sympathetic Vera implies that she killed her late husband Jack, and engineered it to look like an accident. Vera's confession forms a bond between the two women and allows Dolores to take control of her own situation and future. As a total solar eclipse approaches, Dolores and Selena have an argument about Dolores' suspicions regarding Joe's sexual abuse of Selena. Selena flees home for the weekend to work at a hotel to raise money from the high number of tourists coming to watch the eclipse. Joe soon returns from working on a fishing boat, and as a treat, Dolores has bought him a bottle of Scotch. After Joe gets drunk, Dolores reveals that she knows that Joe has stolen from Selena's account and molested his own daughter. Dolores intentionally insults Joe and lures him into falling down an old well, leaving him to die as he plunges to the stone bottom. Selena hears the story on a tape left for her by Dolores, who had foreseen her departure. While on the ferry, Selena suddenly uncovers a repressed memory of her father forcing her to give him a handjob. She rushes back to her mother, who is attending the coroner's inquest, in which Mackey makes a case she be sent to a grand jury in an attempt to indict her for murder. Selena tells the police they have no evidence and that despite an often-stormy relationship, Vera and Dolores loved each other. Knowing that he has no admissible evidence, Mackey reluctantly drops the case. The film ends with Dolores and Selena making amends on the ferry wharf before Selena returns to New York."] ['{{Plot}} Lewis Thomas , a university student at UC Berkeley in California, is packing to fly home at the end of his freshman year and the beginning of summer break. In an attempt to get his childhood friend, Venna , who attends the University of Colorado at Boulder, romantically interested in him, Lewis offers to pick her up and drive her home in a scenic and pleasant cross-country road trip. She enthusiastically agrees. He gets a refund on his airline ticket and uses the money to buy a 1971 Chrysler Newport, heading east to Colorado. However, his mother calls and asks him to bail out his troublesome older brother, Fuller , in Salt Lake City. Much to Lewis\'s chagrin, Fuller invites himself on the trip. The brothers stop at a truck stop near the Wyoming border, where Fuller buys a CB radio for $40 merely for the purpose of fun and breaking the tension in the car. He chats with several truckers in a mock hillbilly accent. When one of the truckers gives a brief cryptic speech, Fuller coaxes Lewis into playing a cruel prank on the mysterious driver, who identifies himself as "Rusty Nail" . Lewis pretends to be an attractive young woman named "Candy Cane," and sets up a meeting with Rusty Nail in the motel where Lewis and Fuller will be spending the night, in Table Rock, Wyoming, and tells him to bring a bottle of pink champagne. Rusty Nail apparently falls for the joke, genuinely believing Lewis to be female. Instead of telling him to go to room 18, which is their room, Lewis then gives him the number of the room next door to his, room 17, which is occupied by a largely built, highly irritable and obnoxious businessman , who had a brief altercation with Fuller while he was checking in, and racially abused the Native American night manager. That cold and rainy night, the brothers are waiting for Rusty Nail to arrive, and they hear him knocking on the next door. They listen, and they hear a brutal attack and the screams of the businessman. In shock, they stay in their room for the rest of the night. The next morning, the brothers are questioned by the local police and discover that it was the businessman who was brutally attacked and horrifically mutilated with his jaw ripped, found alive nearby but in a coma. Rusty Nail, meanwhile, has easily evaded the authorities, due to his anonymity and also the untraceable nature of CB radio. Lewis tells the police everything that occurred, and they are ordered to leave Wyoming before sunset. Back on the road, they encounter Rusty Nail on the CB radio again, who demands the whereabouts of "Candy Cane". Lewis tells him about the joke, and Rusty Nail demands an apology, but Fuller simply yells at him abusively. Rusty Nail then makes a comment that they should fix their tail light-revealing that he can see them. Horrified, Lewis and Fuller speed off as fast as they can, and eventually find a nearby gas station to fill up. To their horror, an ice truck enters the station. Convinced the driver must be Rusty Nail, they flee in panic, and the ice truck gives chase. They soon discover the driver is actually one Mr. Jones , and is merely trying to return Lewis\' credit card, which he left behind at the gas station. At that moment, the real Rusty Nail plows through the ice truck, killing Jones. Another chase ensues, and when they reach a dead end, Rusty Nail slowly drives his truck into their vehicle, turning it on its side, compelling Fuller to apologize and explain the reason for the joke. Rusty Nail accepts the apology and drives away, declaring his actions to be simply a retaliatory joke. Believing themselves to be safe, the brothers meet up with Venna in Boulder, Colorado, and are introduced to her roommate, Charlotte . While the three spend a night at a motel, Rusty Nail calls, believing they lied about the presence of a girl. He reveals he has kidnapped Charlotte, and is holding her hostage, and orders Lewis and Fuller to go into a crowded Nebraska diner completely nude, under the threat of killing Charlotte, so that they would understand the feeling of being "the butt of the joke". Next, he orders them to drive to a cornfield just inside the Nebraska border, step out, and walk 100 ft  ahead of the car. The truck then ploughs through the field, separating all three, and Rusty Nail kidnaps Venna, and destroys their car, though not before instructing them to meet him in Room 17 of a nearby motel, with pink champagne. But he does not specify which motel they must go to, and there are several in the nearby town. As Fuller and Lewis search frantically, Rusty Nail binds Venna to a chair nailed to the floor with shrink wrap, gags her with scotch tape, and rigs a trap using wire attached to the trigger of a shotgun aimed at her head, and the door of the motel room, so that when opened, it will kill her. Eventually, Fuller and Lewis arrive at the right motel, but find room 17 empty. Rusty calls them and indicates that he is in the room next door. Fuller sneaks round the back, and hears muffled talking. He spots Venna through a window, but is attacked by Rusty Nail and barely manages to prevent Lewis from killing Venna. Rusty Nail nails Fuller to a nearby fence, and prepares to drive his truck into him. At that moment, the police arrive  and after Lewis manages to push Venna out of the way of the shotgun, he saves Fuller, just as the truck crashes through the motel. Inside the truck, they find a bloodied, dead body in the driver\'s seat and the bound and gagged Charlotte on the floor. Believing that Rusty Nail is dead, the three huddle around an ambulance and receive treatment for their injuries. At this point, the body is revealed to be the innocent ice truck driver, Mr. Jones. Lewis, Fuller, and Venna listen to the CB radio of the ambulance as Rusty Nail gives another brief cryptic speech, indicating his survival and escape. The movie ends with Rusty Nail\'s catchphrase; " I like the rain- keeps everyone inside, washes everything clean"'] ["Patsy Powers  is a homely nurse who pines for handsome Dr. Dox . Unfortunately for Patsy, the well-favoured physician only has eyes for pretty Goodie Tueshuez  - a jealous-minded nurse obsessed with popularity. When a foul-smelling woodsman is admitted to the hospital with an axe imbedded in his forehead, the rest of the nurse staff runs for cover as kindly Patsy and the injured worker form a warm bond. Later, after Patsy and the rugged lumberjack share a kiss, the smitten nurse is thrown off guard when her new beau reflexively sinks his teeth into her flesh. As Patsy runs off to bandage her wound, Eastern European doctor-turned-janitor Kapotski recognizes the woodsman as a zombie and ends the man's suffering with a stake through the head. In the days that follow, Patsy's body is gradually taken over by the zombie virus. Not only does the transformation aversely affect Patsy's eating habits, it instills her with a newfound confidence that quickly catches the eye of Dr. Dox as well. Perplexed by her mousy co-worker's sudden transformation and determined to keep Dr. Dox for herself, the scheming Goody soon sets out to uncover the secret of Patsy's rising popularity. Now, as Patsy struggles to stay well fed and Dr. Dox grows increasingly inpatient with Goodie's unpalatable jealousy, the stage is set for a romance fueled by enough passion to transcend life and death.synopsis by Jason Buchanan at allmovie.com website"] ["Alice Bowman  moves to the  South American country of Tecala because her husband, Peter ([[David Morse , has been hired to assist with building a dam. Though Alice is unhappy at this most recent move, she agrees to stay. When Peter is in the city one day, a convoy of automobiles  is ambushed by guerrilla rebels of the Liberation Army of Tecala . Believing that Peter actually works for an oil pipeline company, ELT soldiers abduct him and lead him into the country’s jungles. Terry Thorne , an ex-Australian SASR soldier, who later served with the British SAS due to lack of action in Australia, arrives in Tecala, fresh from a successful hostage rescue in Chechnya . Because of his expert skill in kidnapping-and-ransom cases, he is hired by Peter’s company to assist in bringing about Peter’s safe return. Unfortunately, it turns out that Peter’s company actually has no insurance coverage for kidnapping, so they cannot afford Thorne’s services. Despite Alice’s pleas to stay, Thorne leaves the country. Alice gets teamed up with a local hostage negotiator, who immediately urges her to pay the ELT’s first demand: a $50,000 “good faith” ransom payment. Not knowing what to do, Alice agrees, but the transaction is stopped by Thorne, who, following his conscience, has returned to help. He is aided by Dino , an ex-Green Beret.  Over the next several months, Thorne uses a radio to talk with an ELT contact, and the two argue over terms for Peter’s release—including a ransom payment that Alice can afford. With much downtime between conversations, Thorne and Alice talk, and an implicit attraction between the two seems to emerge. After much negotiation, it appears that the ELT will release Peter for a sum of $650,000. Meanwhile, Peter is led through the jungle by a group of younger rebels before arriving at the main jungle camp. There, he meets another hostage, Kessler, a missionary and former member of the French Foreign Legion, who has lived in the camp for nineteen months. The two concoct a plan to escape through the jungle. During their attempt, they are tracked by the ELT. Kessler falls into a river and manages to evade capture, but Peter steps on a trap and is recaptured. Kessler is found and hospitalized. In the hospital, he meets Alice and, having heard a gunshot at the time Peter was recaptured, tells Alice he believes her husband is dead. Thorne refuses to believe this, but he is unable to contact his ELT radio negotiator. Luckily, Alice’s housekeeper's daughter reveals the true identity of the ELT radio contact; she knows his voice quite well because she has done laundry service for him in the past. Thorne goes to the Tecala Armed Forces Demonstration Parade and confronts the ELT contact, who is actually a high-ranking government official. The contact confirms that Peter is indeed alive, but because Peter has seen secret ELT maps the opportunity for a deal has passed, and the ELT army will no longer negotiate. At Thorne's urging Alice convinces the Tecala government the ELT is about to mount an attack on the pipeline being built through their territory. The government army crossing the river draws the bulk of the ELT army out of the camp to counter-attack. This provides an opportunity for Thorne, Dino, and several associates to insert by helicopter and raid the ELT base. They overcome the resistance of the minimal defense left holding the camp and free not only Peter but also an Italian hostage held there as well. And so Peter is rescued and brought back safely to Alice. Thorne and Alice share a final moment together wherein the unrequited bond between them is painfully expressed, and the movie ends with a poignant image of a lonely hero."] ['The film begins during the Blitz in London in 1940. An elderly and very unwell Dr. John Watson  tells his nurse the tale of his most complex adventure with Sherlock Holmes , which he and Holmes vowed never to tell the public or adapt into one of Watson\'s famous journals. Several incidents in 1882 lead to the consulting-detective Sherlock Holmes investigating with aid from his companion, Dr. Watson . They investigate a ship carrying gold which was destroyed by a mythical giant octopus on the coast of Newhaven. They do not believe the first-hand accounts of the sole survivor of the attack , but nonetheless investigate. When investigating the remains of the ship on the coast, Holmes is told by Inspector Lestrade that he has recently had contact with his estranged brother Thorpe. In Whitechapel, a young man is killed by a small Tyrannosaurus rex. Watson doesn\'t believe the article about the monster until he and Holmes are on a walk in some woods, and the dinosaur appears and pursues them. Finding escape, they come across several more clues that make Holmes believe the monsters are artificial, built by a criminal genius. On the case, the dinosaur steals a water pump operating a fountain and much copper wire, raising questions as to what the creature\'s inventor is trying to achieve. The octopus that destroyed the ship earlier is linked to the dinosaur because they are both similarly "exceptionally improbable". Lestrade is also investigating the crimes and stalks Holmes and Watson on their mission to solve the mysteries. On one of their leads, Lestrade ends up missing. Holmes\'s astounding logic leads himself and Watson to an old castle in Helmsmouth he and his brother visited as children. They come across another monster, a masked mechanical man: Spring-Heeled Jack. The person under the mask is revealed to be Holmes\' brother, Thorpe. Miss Ivory, his accomplice, is with him. Thorpe explains that the crimes were committed to make an armory that would keep him alive from the bullet wedged in his spine. All the tools his monsters stole -- the gold, the water pump, the copper wire -- all contributed to the creation of his cybernetic suit. He plans to destroy London and force Lestrade, who he believes shot him years ago, to claim responsibility. Holmes tries to attack Thorpe, only to be shot and presumably killed by Miss Ivory. Miss Ivory is revealed to be one of Thorpe\'s robotic creations , and Thorpe has placed a bomb in her workings that will detonate when she reaches Buckingham Palace, home of Queen Victoria, while Thorpe pilots his most complex invention yet, a fire-breathing dragon in which he pilots and holds Lestrade hostage. Holmes returns, having survived the gunshot as his tobacco box in his pocket stopped the bullet. Watson is sent to stop Miss Ivory from assassinating the Queen, while Holmes pilots another one of Thorpe\'s inventions, a hot-air balloon driven by helicopter propellers and armed with guns, in an attempt to stop his brother. Thorpe sets fire to Parliament and Westminster Abbey in his battle with his brother. Ivory is deactivated by Watson moments before the explosion can take place and Thorpe\'s dragon is sent crashing in the garden outside the Palace. Thorpe crawls from the wreckage and tries to shoot Watson, before he himself is killed by Sherlock Holmes. Lestrade, as usual, takes credit for solving the case. Holmes and Watson vow never to speak of the events again, because of how it personally affected Holmes and his certainty that the world isn\'t ready. In present time, Watson dies and his nurse visits his grave. She sees Miss Ivory visiting the grave of Thorpe Holmes, questioning her thoughts that the story is false.'] ['Attorney Ben Chase successfully defends Martin Thiel, a wealthy young psychopathic playboy, getting him acquitted of a series of brutal murders &mdash; only to find out later that Thiel is indeed a serial killer. Since Thiel cannot be tried again for his crimes, Chase tries to get him to incriminate himself before he can kill again.'] ['Mary Giordano is a bright, intelligent student who goes to a Catholic school. She is addicted to mystery novels and detective magazines , which inspire her to do her own detective work. When she starts snooping around on the case of murdered teenage girls, it gets her in hot water with her mentor Detective Jerry Guinn. Mary teams up with police cadet Tony Campbell . The two work together to find the murderer and seem to have feelings for one another. But the closer Mary gets to solving the murder, the more danger she puts herself in of being the next victim.'] ["Louisiana Governor Chip Majors  is front in line to be North Carolina Senator Edmonds'  Vice Presidential nominee. The day he is to be announced, Majors goes to a hotel, where he meets a prostitute. After a few moments, the prostitute takes out a gun and tries to assassinate him, but Majors overpowers her, and realizes that a group (led by a man named Graham , is trying to assassinate him before he is chosen. Majors kills the prostitute, but his protection, Devon  and Thomas Cobbs  find out. Majors offers them both a million dollars, and they eventually agree to the bribe. Meanwhile, Cobbs's former girlfriend, Gloria  is torturing one of the men behind the plot to assassinate Governor Majors. Cobbs calls Gloria, unaware of what she is doing, and asks about Majors. She tells him that Majors lied about a lot of his military background and is very unfaithful to his wife. Majors goes down to a campaign party and rubs elbows with many of his strongest donors. Eventually, Devon finds out about the assassination attempt and hurries Governor Majors out of the campaign party. As they make their way out, they find Cobbs dead. They drive off, facing fire from nearly all sides. After they get to safety, Devon takes Majors out of the car and says that he has to arrest the Governor for murder. Majors reveals that he had been shot during the escape, and as police arrive, it looks like Devon had assassinated Majors. Later, Graham is informed that the assassination was a success and Devon is now in prison."] ["Lake Placid 2 continues the story of that sleepy lake community, taking place a few years after the ending of the first film. The story of the crocodiles has become simple folklore within the town. There is a new sheriff in town, Sheriff Riley, played by John Schneider. The crocodile myth resurfaces when a researcher is plucked from his boat in the presence of his colleague. A member of the Fish and Wildlife department, Emma, who is also a woman with whom Sheriff Riley has a somewhat tumultuous history, comes to town to investigate these allegations. Together they go to the lake to investigate the disturbance. While there, Emma discovers the severed head of the missing man. On the way back, the group stops by crazy old Sadie's house, sister to the now deceased Delores Bickerman from the first film. Sadie proves to be a stubborn old woman who refuses to aid in the investigation. After their visit to Sadie's proves fruitless, the team heads back to town, but they run into trouble by way of a hungry twenty-foot crocodile that destroys the Sheriff's boat. As the team swims to shore, a seaplane flies overhead and lands, revealing poacher Sam MacMurray and his ally Ahmad. Almost immediately the team is attacked, on land this time, by the crocodile. As the team continues to try to solve the crocodile in the lake issue, it is revealed that Sadie has in fact been a part of the problem, feeding these giants hormone enhanced meat that has been rejected by the government. The plot thickens when it is revealed that there are four enormous crocodiles, and that two of them have mated, leaving a nest full of gigantic crocodile eggs."] ['Seattle software company DigiCom is about to merge with a publishing company, and company founder and president Bob Garvin  is about to retire. Tom Sanders , head of manufacturing, expects to be promoted to run DigiCom after the merger. However, he learns that the post instead went to operations executive Meredith Johnson , a former girlfriend from long ago. Garvin introduces Meredith to her new associates. Co-workers like Mark Lewyn  comment to Tom on how attractive Meredith is. Others like chief financial officer Stephanie Kaplan  seem to be aware that Tom and Meredith had a relationship in the past. Late that evening, Meredith calls Tom into her office, ostensibly to discuss a project he is working on. Meredith aggressively tries to resume her romantic relationship with him. Tom resists  as he is now a married family man. He repeatedly tells Meredith "No." Meredith ignores Tom, aggressively forcing herself on him. Tom initially gives in, but after catching a glimpse of himself in a mirror, he regains control and pushes Meredith to the ground. As he leaves, Meredith threatens to make him pay for spurning her. The next day, Tom discovers that Meredith alleged sexual harassment against him to DigiCom. Colleagues refuse to believe his protestations of innocence and the company pressures him to accept reassignment to the company\'s Austin office. Tom does not want to do this, as he would lose his stock options, ruining his career and family. However, since no one believes his story and Meredith is now his boss, he appears to have no choice but to accept reassignment or be fired. Just as all seems hopeless, Tom receives an e-mail from someone identified only as "A Friend." It directs him to Seattle attorney Catherine Alvarez , who specializes in sexual harassment cases. Tom counter-sues, alleging that Meredith is the one who harassed him. Evidence is produced that supports Tom\'s story and refutes Meredith\'s testimony before a court mediator. The company backs down and gives him a large pay raise. Tom is celebrating his apparent victory, but receives another e-mail from "A Friend" warning him that all is not what it seems. It turns out that Meredith and Garvin\'s assistant, Philip Blackburn , changed the quality control specifications at the Malaysian plant manufacturing DigiCom\'s new advanced CD-ROM drive. The changes resulted in severe defects in the drive, and Meredith and Phil are trying to cover their tracks by getting Tom to take the fall for them. They plan to pin the blame on him at a conference the next day announcing the merger. The plan is to make Tom look incompetent, thereby giving them a valid reason to fire him. Tom cannot access a company computer to investigate because Meredith has locked him out of the system. He spends a tense and frantic night getting the information through a Virtual Reality demonstration machine left in the hotel room of executives from the merging company, with help from a colleague who owes him a favor. Armed with this information, he manages to again turn the tables on Meredith, exposing her involvement and getting her fired instead. Tom thinks this puts him back in the running to helm DigiCom, but Garvin instead names Stephanie, the low-key CFO, as his successor. Tom heartily approves. It occurs to him that her son, Spencer , could very well be the "friend" responsible for helping him via e-mail. With a knowing look, Spencer does not deny this. In the end, Tom is left in the same position he was in at the beginning of the film, but only after a narrow escape. He is left musing over the fact that two women  were responsible for saving him.'] ["After watching a fire burn her family's Baltimore pizzeria to the ground, 11 year old Reena Hale  decides she wants to be an arson investigator when she grows up. And with the help of mentor John Minger , whom she met during the investigation of her family's restaurant, Reena recognizes her dream. Years later, the grown up Reena buys a house in the old neighborhood, moving in next door to carpenter Bo Goodnight . As Reena and Bo embark on a relationship, a psychopathic arsonist from her past begins wreaking havoc on her life. Reena's stalker threatens her life, and those of her loved ones."] ['Government agent Harry Hannan goes across the Texas border from El Paso to a town in Mexico to meet a contact in a cantina. But it\'s a set-up and his wife is murdered. Harry ends up in a Connecticut sanitarium, where his sanity is in some doubt. He receives a mysterious anonymous letter written in Hebrew and signed: "Avenger of Blood." Helped by a woman named Ellie Fabian who has a few secrets of her own, Harry ends up in a life-threatening climactic chase at Niagara Falls.'] ["Two affairs, a generation apart. Nick ([[Kevin Anderson , a professor of architecture in upstate New York, comes to an Illinois town to be with his birth mother  in the final days of her illness; he was adopted and has never known her. On the first day, he runs into Paul , a college friend, whose construction company is demolishing an old, downtown department store where a murder-suicide happened 30 years before. The building is of beautiful cast-iron construction, so Nick wants to study it before the demolition. Paul introduces Nick to his wife, Jane , and over the next four days, their attraction grows as Nick explores the old building, attends his mother's bedside, and unravels the past."] ['"Rusty" Sabich  is a prosecutor and the right-hand man of Prosecuting Attorney Raymond Horgan . When his colleague Carolyn Polhemus  is found raped and murdered in her apartment, Raymond insists that Rusty take charge of the investigation. The election for County PA is approaching and Tommy Molto , the acting head of Homicide, has left to join the rival campaign of Nico Della Guardia . Rusty, a married man, faces a conflict of interest since he had an affair with Carolyn. When he showed little ambition, and would therefore be of little use to her career, she dumped him. He has since made up with his wife, , but is still obsessed with Carolyn. Detective Greer  is initially in charge of the case, but Sabich has him replaced with Detective Lipranzer , whom he persuades to narrow the inquiry so that his relationship with Carolyn is left out. Rusty soon realizes that Molto is making his own inquiries. Aspects of the crime suggest that the killer knew police evidence-gathering procedures and covered it up accordingly. Semen has been found in the victim\'s body but contains only dead sperm. The killer\'s blood type was A, the same as Sabich\'s. When Nico wins the election, he and Molto accuse Rusty of the crime and push to get evidence against him. They have Rusty\'s fingerprints on a beer glass from Carolyn\'s apartment, and fibers from his carpet at home match those found on her body. Lipranzer is removed from the case and Greer\'s inquiries uncover the affair. Rusty calls on "Sandy" Stern , a top defense attorney, who agrees to take the case. At trial, it is revealed that the beer glass is missing. This was a crucial piece of the prosecution\'s case and Sandy persuades Judge Larren Lyttle  to keep this from the jury. Raymond testifies and perjures himself, claiming that Rusty insisted on handling the investigation, thus confirming the prosecution\'s claim of a cover-up. Rusty discovers that Carolyn had acquired a file for a bribery case involving a man called Leon who paid a bribe to get his case thrown out of court. The probation officer who set the whole thing up was Carolyn and the deputy prosecutor in charge of the case was Molto. The thrust of Sandy\'s defense is that Molto and Nico have set Rusty up as part of a cover-up of the bribery case. Lipranzer tracks down Leon and he reveals that the official who took the bribe was in fact Larren Lyttle, the judge handling Rusty\'s trial. During the cross-examination of the coroner Dr. Kumagai , it is revealed that Carolyn had undergone a tubal ligation, making it impossible for her to become pregnant. She would have no reason to use the spermicidal contraceptive which was found on her. Sandy asserts that the only explanation for this discrepancy is that the fluid sample was not actually taken from Carolyn\'s body. Based on the disappearance of the beer glass, the lack of motive, and the fact that the fluid sample was rendered meaningless, there is no direct evidence to tie Rusty to the murder. Judge Lyttle dismisses the charges. Sandy admits that he and Raymond knew Lyttle was taking bribes, and Carolyn was his courier. Lyttle offered his resignation, but Raymond believed that he was a brilliant judge and should be given another chance. Lipranzer reveals to Rusty that he has the beer glass, which he never returned to the evidence room. Molto signed it as "returned to evidence" when it was still at the lab and, when it was returned to Lip, he kept it in his desk drawer. Rusty throws the beer glass into the river. Some time later, Rusty comes across a small hatchet with blood and hair on it and realizes that they are Carolyn\'s. He confronts his wife, and, referring to herself in the third person, she relates how she committed the crime. She assumed it would be filed under unsolved cases, not anticipating he would be charged with the murder. In a final voice-over he says that the murder of Carolyn has been written off as unsolved.'] ['The family of Tom Williams make holidays in California. The family is kidnapped by Eddie, his girlfriend Lonnie and Franklin Ross. They want 1.2 million dollars.'] ["Jack  decides to put an end to the abuse he has received from his adoptive parents, enabling him to run away and find his long lost sibling Dora. Although Dora has fared much better since their abandonment and subsequent adoption, she is also drawn to use her telepathic powers to find him. Along the way, Jack is constantly pursued by the four daughters of his adoptive parents, seeking revenge for their parents' demise at the hands of Jack and his invention."] ['Return to Paradise begins with a silent montage of a fun holiday in a Malaysian paradise showing the three main male characters in the movie having a great time. The opening scenes of the movie remain in Malaysia with a series of pulsating events providing the men with a myriad of adventures, including a scene when the young men are almost run over by a car while riding a bicycle and another when they are pressured into buying some rhinoceros horn from Malaysian locals. Eventually, the three men, Lewis McBride , Sheriff  and Tony  wind up at their beach front house on the ocean pondering their future in the island paradise. Tony and Sheriff decide to return to New York, while Lewis, being a "greeny", wishes to travel to Borneo to save endangered orangutans. Back in New York, Sheriff is working as a limo driver and Tony as an architect. A young lawyer named Beth  informs them that their friend Lewis has served the last two years in Penang prison in Malaysia, because of the hash found at their Malaysian house. She reveals that he will receive the death sentence unless one or both of the men return to share responsibility. Beth assures both of the men that they will not suffer in the prison, be tortured nor harmed in any way. After a grueling eight days, during which they must make a decision, and a heated love affair between Beth and Sheriff, both men decide to return to Malaysia. Upon their arrival, all seems well until they visit the prison to see Lewis. Lewis appears to have suffered psychological damage from the harsh imprisonment, although it is reported that he has not been tortured or starved as is the case with other prisoners. Beth subsequently reveals that she is Lewis\' sister. Her lie makes Tony fearful of the Malaysian justice system and he abandons Lewis and flies back to the US. Sheriff follows Tony, but decides to face jail to save his friend and returns to the courtroom in which Lewis is being tried. The judge  seems heartened by this act of courage and bravery, until he discovers a news clipping from an American newspaper blaming the Malaysian justice system and condemning them for their harsh sentencing of Lewis. Because of this, the judge becomes infuriated and gives Lewis a death sentence, despite Sheriff\'s decision to accept his share of the responsibility. He also gives Sheriff an unknown period of jail time. As a noose is tied around Lewis\' neck for his execution, Sheriff attempts to comfort him. Lewis is then dropped from the platform and killed. Sheriff later assures Beth that Lewis, who had emotionally deteriorated as though a fearful animal, at the last moment seemed to die at peace. Beth becomes emotional and kisses Sheriff as a sign of their love and connection. She tells him that the attorney general has said that Malaysian government will quietly release him within six months, once the media attention dies down, to save face. As the guard takes Sheriff out, she tells him, she will wait in Malaysia until he is released.'] ["The story involves a fake psychic, Blanche Tyler ([[Barbara Harris , and her con artist taxi driver boyfriend, George Lumley , who attempt to locate the nephew of a wealthy and guiltridden old woman, Julia Rainbird . Julia, one of Blanche's clients, was responsible for her now-deceased sister giving up a boy for adoption years earlier and now wants to make him her heir. She will pay $10,000 if he is found. However, the nephew and prospective heir is now a successful jeweler in San Francisco known as Arthur Adamson , who has a secret and lurid past, having apparently murdered his adoptive parents and faked his own death. He and his live-in girlfriend, Fran , have successfully kidnapped an assortment of millionaires and dignitaries, returning them when the ransom, in the form of a valuable gemstone, has been delivered, each of which they hide in their chandelier. They enlist Maloney , who assisted Arthur in the murder of his adoptive parents, to kill Blanche and George. However, Maloney's effort fails when he drives off a cliff while pursuing Blanche and George. When Arthur learns that Blanche and George are pursuing him, he suspects the worst, putting their lives in danger."] [' Frank Buck tangles with Nazis who have been doping tigers in Malaya, thereby making man-eaters of them. With the cats on a rampage, rubber production is seriously curtailed and the Allied war effort jeopardized. Buck and his associates, J. Farrell MacDonald, Duncan Renaldo and June Duprez, thwart the Teutonic malefactors: the villainous Nazi Dr. Lang  and his portly accomplice Henry Gratz . Thereafter, life is safe once again in the jungle.'] ["Duchovny plays Eugene Sands, a surgeon who has his medical license revoked after operating under the influence of amphetamines and opiates. Hutton's character, a crime lord named Raymond Blossom, happens upon him in a bar where he saves someone's life with an emergency procedure to inflate a collapsed lung. Blossom hires Sands as his personal physician, patching up his accomplices when they cannot go to a hospital, and tending to the crime boss and his girlfriend, Claire . In the final act of the film, Claire and Sands become involved, and he must face up to conflicting loyalties to Blossom, Claire, and the FBI agent who has blackmailed him into being an informant."] ["Rachel Marron  is an Oscar-nominated music and movie superstar who is being stalked and sent death threats. Frank Farmer  is a former Secret Service Special Agent who served as part of the presidential protection detail during the presidencies of Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan. Frank is haunted by the fact that he was not there when Reagan was shot because he was off duty at the time. He is now a highly successful private and professional bodyguard who protects corporate VIPs. He is hired by Rachel's manager, Bill Devaney , to protect her after she receives a number of threats against her life and a small bomb detonates in her dressing room.The Bodyguard, IMDB.com The film follows Rachel's singing career and family life. Frank is unsure about accepting the job because he sees Rachel as a spoiled diva who is oblivious to the threats against her life. Rachel's handlers had kept the bomb in the dressing room secret from her. At first, Rachel looks upon Frank as paranoid and his protection techniques intrusive. Rachel's existing bodyguard Tony ([[Mike Starr  resents Frank's presence. But at a concert where Rachel is performing there is a riot and Frank successfully protects her from danger; as a result of his protection, Rachel falls in love with Frank. He initially tries to keep the relationship professional, but the two sleep together. However, recognizing that their relationship may compromise his protection of her, Frank breaks off their affair. Hurt, Rachel begins to push Frank's buttons by violating their security routines and attempting to sleep with his former Secret Service co-worker, Greg Portman . After she has personal contact with her stalker via a creepy phone call, Rachel realizes that she must put her trust in Frank ahead of her own desire for success. She finally recognizes the seriousness of the situation and cancels the rest of her tour. Frank, Rachel, Rachel's driver Henry , Rachel's son Fletcher , and her sister Nikki  then travel to Frank's father's home, which is a large log cabin in the mountains by a lake. Frank's dad, Herb Farmer  is a semi-retired attorney who welcomes the group to his home. At the mountain retreat, Nikki attempts to seduce Frank, and becomes angry when her advances are refused. Fletcher is almost killed the next day, when a bomb explodes inside the boat he had been riding in moments before. After finding footprints around the cabin, and finding the automobiles sabotaged, they realize Rachel's stalker has followed them. They lock down the house for the night, with plans to leave in the morning. It is then revealed that Rachel's obsessive stalker and the person trying to kill her are not the same person, when an upset and drunken Nikki admits that in a drug-induced jealous fit she hired a hitman to kill Rachel, but that the letters from the stalker came before that. After Fletcher was almost killed, Nikki realized the hitman she hired would kill anyone to get to his target, including her beloved nephew. However, she cannot call it off because she does not know the killer's identity. The hitman breaks into the house, Nikki tries to stop him, and he shoots and kills her before escaping. Frank ensures that his father, who is armed with a large caliber revolver, has secured the rest of the group on the second floor, then pursues the killer into the woods. Frank shoots at the hitman, but the hitman escapes through the dark woods. Frank learns the next day, from his Secret Service colleagues, that they have apprehended the stalker and were interviewing him when Nikki was shot. A few days later, after Nikki's funeral, Rachel attends the 67th annual Academy Awards, where she is nominated as best actress. As Rachel is accepting the award for Best Actress, the assassin attempts to murder her again with a gun hidden inside a video camera. Frank jumps in front of her to save her life, and is shot himself. Before losing consciousness, Frank fires a shot through the camera lens, penetrating the eye of the hitman, who is revealed to be Greg Portman. During the ensuing melee, Portman gouges out Tony's eye, but both he and Frank survive their injuries. Frank sees Rachel off at the airport. His arm is in a sling. Frank has arranged for another protection detail to augment Tony, who is back on the job wearing a black eye patch. Frank's duty having been fulfilled by successfully protecting Rachel, they part with a kiss. Frank then moves on to his next assignment.The Bodyguard script at IMSDb.com"] ["Douglas Breen  is a deranged young record salesman who is obsessed with glamorous stage and screen star Sally Ross . He has been writing obsessive fan letters to her and when Sally's secretary  disregards the letters, deeming them not worthy of Sally's time, Douglas feels he is being ignored and decides to take whatever steps are necessary to eliminate the people who stand between him and his favorite star."] ['The film begins with two recently escaped convicts &mdash; Frank  and Red  &mdash; approach a group of campers. The elder of the pair shoots and kills the campers with single rapidfire shots to the head. D.J. Farraday  discovers that his father, Del , has been having an affair. D.J. asks Del to meet him at the family\'s cabin by the lake, where D.J. intends to confront him about his adultery. When the two arrive at the summer house, they find the younger son, Campbell "Cam" Farraday , already there. Eventually it is revealed that Del had found Cam and his boyfriend, Billy, embracing there at the cabin. Del brutally beat Billy, and father and son have not spoken since. Cam seems determined to leave the confrontational situation. While D.J. is trying to convince Cam to stay and attempt a reconciliation, Cam reveals to him that Billy is dead, and the clear implication is that Cam blames his father for the loss. A short while later, the two escaped convicts show up at the cabin and ask to use the phone, claiming that their car has broken down. Red, who is introduced as Frank\'s adult son, makes a point of taking up the hospitality offered, using that excuse to remain in the house  As the evening progresses Frank seems to be forcing Del into a challenge. Tensions are high, as Frank makes his play for Alpha of the house. At one point, D.J.  goes so far as to suggest that "we all just whip \'em out and get this over with." The police show up looking for the two escaped convicts, and things get tense very quickly. It soon becomes clear that Cam knew the convicts and has had some sort of entanglement with them. From there, the twists and turns begin to thicken, and the onionskin layers of this tale are revealed. The family must reconcile and put aside their issues with each other to deal with the menacing force of Frank.'] ['Jude Madigan  suddenly and inexplicably leaves her husband, Robert , and three sons. Three years later, when Robert finally files for divorce, Jude returns and tries to reclaim her former life. Robert refuses and insists on the divorce. Jude does not accept Robert\'s decision. She tries, unsuccessfully, to seduce him and harasses Robert\'s new girlfriend, Callie . Eventually, Jude manipulates and convinces her eldest son, Kes , that Callie is the only person standing in the way of their reunited family. Influenced by Jude, Kes details a plan to his two brothers, Michael and Ben , to scare off Callie, convincing them that it is just a game. As the boys debate the plan, Jude\'s estranged mother, Lydia  overhears and confronts Kes and threatens to tell their father. Kes tries unsuccessfully to convince his grandmother that it was just a "game" and tries to stop her from calling his dad. A brief struggle ensues and Lydia accidentally falls down the stairs. While in the hospital, Lydia tells Jude she is not about to let her go through with her plans. In a fit of rage, Jude tries to murder her mother by asphyxiation but is interrupted by a nurse, Jude flees the hospital. Meanwhile, the boys, under the guise of playing the game, handcuff Callie and put her on "trial" for destroying their family. They tie her to a chair but when Ben cuts himself on a broken glass, Callie convinces Michael to free her before his brother dies. She runs with him in an attempt to find a hospital. Kes and Michael get in Callie\'s car and chase them, but the brakes have been cut by Jude and they go over a cliff, leaving them perched precariously on a tree on the side of the cliff. Callie manages to rescue Michael, but as she tries to rescue Kes, she slips and is left dangling from the car. Jude rushes to "help" by grabbing Callie\'s hand from Kes. Jude intentionally lets go of Callie\'s hand, who still manages to hang onto the car with her other hand. However, Jude loses her balance and falls to her death. The film ends with Robert\'s emotional embrace of Kes, who is very shaken after having a nightmare of Jude coming back from the dead. Callie is right by Robert\'s side, comforting them both.'] ['At a ball, U.S. Navy Lieutenant Commander Tom Farrell meets a young woman, Susan Atwell, and the two immediately begin an affair, although Atwell is involved with someone else. During his next Naval deployment, Farrell rescues a fellow sailor during a storm and becomes a hero. He is brought back to Washington to work at The Pentagon for Secretary of Defense David Brice on the recommendation of his General Counsel Scott Pritchard, an old friend of Farrell\'s. Brice, determined to cancel a boondoggle Navy project that has powerful political backing, decides that Farrell should act as his direct liaison to the CIA to gather information about whether the Soviets really are working on a similar project. Soon after, Farrell finds out that the other man in Susan\'s life is Secretary Brice, who in turn learns of Susan\'s infidelity. While demanding the name of her new lover, Brice slaps Susan in a jealous rage, knocking her off an indoor balcony to her death. Ready to turn himself in, Brice is persuaded by Pritchard to cover up everything and blame it on someone else. They concoct a story that Susan\'s other lover was in fact a long-suspected but never confirmed KGB sleeper agent code-named "Yuri." In the aftermath, they focus all attention on an attempt to capture him. Confident that "Yuri" doesn\'t exist, CIA director Marshall dismisses the possibility of Pritchard having an affair with Susan, saying that Pritchard is homosexual. Brice appoints Farrell to lead the investigation to find Susan\'s other lover, placing him in the position of attempting to find evidence that could implicate himself. The only forensic evidence in the case is a discarded Polaroid negative recovered from Susan\'s house, which requires lengthy computer processing to become visible, and semen found in Susan\'s vagina, though mentioned, it is not pursued in the film, as PCR analysis of DNA was not yet in common use. Farrell pleads with systems analyst and old friend Sam Hesselman to slow down the processing, and tells him about Susan and Brice. Meanwhile, Farrell sets about proving Brice was involved with Susan by searching computer files for evidence that Brice gave Susan a government-registered gift he had previously received from Morocco. Pritchard harasses Nina Beka, a close friend of Susan\'s, by threatening deportation back to South Africa, then sends covert assassins to kill her, but Farrell rescues her just in time. A suspicious Sam goes to Pritchard with concerns about what Farrell told him. Realizing that Sam can implicate Brice, Pritchard shoots and kills him. Farrell obtains the printout before the picture implicating him becomes visible and presents it to Brice, who then shifts the blame to Pritchard, arguing that Pritchard was jealous of his relationship with Susan. A devastated Pritchard commits suicide and is falsely exposed as "Yuri" to the police by Brice, hoping to escape blame for Susan\'s death, and Farrell, who is free of suspicion, is finally able to leave the Pentagon. As Farrell sits beside Susan\'s grave, two plainclothes men arrive and take him away for questioning. One of the interrogators is Farrell\'s landlord, who addresses Farrell in Russian. Farrell, who responds in kind, is in fact the real "Yuri", and his landlord is his KGB supervisor. Yuri/Farrell was planted in the U.S. as a teenager and became the KGB\'s "mole" in the Department of Defense. Aware of Brice\'s affair, the Russians assigned Farrell to seduce the Secretary of Defense\'s mistress and gather intelligence from her. Although his handlers demand that he return to the Soviet Union, Farrell refuses and leaves as his handler quips, "He will return. Where else does he have to go?"'] ['During filming the lead actress , tries to get deeply into character since the film is very important to her career. She may go too far when incidents on the set begin to pattern themselves after the real life story.'] ["Andy  and Tracy Safian  are a happily married couple living in a Victorian house that they are restoring in the Western Massachusetts. He is the Associate Dean at the local college, while his wife teaches art to children. When a student is attacked in her home by what appears to be a serial rapist, her life is saved by Dr. Jed Hill , a brilliant surgeon who has recently arrived at the area hospital. Andy recognizes Jed from high school and invites him to rent the third floor of their home in order to finance the new plumbing. With his propensity to bring home sexual partners and to party late into the night, he quickly proves himself to be a less-than-ideal tenant. When student Paula Bell  is attacked and killed, Andy finds her body in the garden behind her home, prompting Andy's friend, Detective Dana Harris , to view him as a possible suspect. While at the police station delivering a semen sample, Andy learns his wife has been hospitalized and is being operated on by Jed. In removing one of Tracy's ovaries, which has ruptured due to a cyst, Jed discovers Tracy is pregnant, but the stress of the procedure causes the fetus to abort. Near the end of the surgery, another doctor notices that her other ovary is torsed and appears necrotic. Jed talks to Andy, who has been in the waiting room, and advises him to agree to the removal of Tracy's second ovary, rather than risk her life; Andy painfully agrees, since this will mean that Tracy can never have children. Back in surgery, Jed overrules the protests of the other doctors that the ovary might still be healthy and removes it. When Jed later is told the second ovary was in fact healthy, he decides that, rather than bury the report, he will face the consequences of his actions. At a deposition, Jed's attorney Lester Adams  learns his client had been drinking prior to the surgery. His case is not helped when Jed, during his testimony, responds to the accusation that he has a God complex by declaring that as far as medicine is concerned, he is God. His insurance company settles with Tracy for $20 million, and she leaves Andy, whom she blames for the loss of her ability to ever have children. Andy accidentally discovers that the serial rapist is Earl Leemus , the college handyman, and apprehends him. After Andy tells Dana that Tracy had been pregnant before the surgery, she tells him that his semen sample indicated he is sterile and couldn't have fathered Tracy's child. Andy confronts Tracy's lawyer, Dennis Riley , and accuses him of having impregnated Tracy and colluded with her. Riley denies everything and reveals that Tracy’s mother, whom Andy had been told was dead, might be able to offer him some insight. Mrs. Kennsinger  tells Andy the truth about her supposedly sweet daughter: Tracy is a con artist. She had a relationship with a wealthy man who paid her to have an abortion, but Tracy kept the money and had it done illegally. Her mother also confirms Andy's suspicion that Tracy was pregnant by a Dr. David Lilianfield, who ultimately proves to be Jed, and Andy tracks them to a house where the two are living together. Back at home, Andy discovers a hypodermic needle containing the fertility drug Perganol. He learns that an excess amount of the drug can cause painful ovarian cysts, and he realizes Tracy deliberately created her illness with Jed's help. An angry Andy confronts Tracy and tells her he wants half the money from the settlement. He also tells her that if he should meet with an unexpected death, a letter will immediately be sent to the police department, directing them to interview the young boy next door. He implies that the boy, whom they never met but whom they frequently saw sitting at his bedroom window, was a witness to Jed injecting Tracy with Perganol. Tracy tells Jed about Andy's demands, and he tells her to give him what he wants. She refuses and says that she earned that money and that there was no way she was splitting it three ways. Tracy tells Jed that they have to get rid of the witness because that is the only bargaining chip that Andy has on them. He refuses and slaps her for suggesting murdering the boy. She attempts to pressure him into it by reminding him of his removing her ovaries. Jed attempts to walk away, but Tracy pulls a gun and shoots him. That night, Tracy waits until the nurse next door leaves, lures Andy away from his house with a misleading phone call, then breaks in and tries to smother the boy. When she wraps some cellophane around his face from behind, she realizes that it's a dummy and she has been set up. Andy surprises her, and they fight until Detective Harris, who was disguised as the nurse, returns and arrests Tracy. As Tracy is led away, she sees the boy and his mother return. It is revealed that the boy is, in fact, blind."] ["Mike Varga  is an FBI agent with Hungarian roots and a gypsy origin. For a new investigation, Varga is sent to Budapest, to be an infiltrator in the Russian mafia and especially, to get close to the brutal mafia boss Darius Paskevic  and get rid of his series of crimes. However, Varga gets into trouble, when he falls in love with Paskevic's daughter ."] ['Ralph Meeker plays Mike Hammer, a tough Los Angeles private eye who is almost as brutal and corrupt as the crooks he chases. Mike, and his assistant/secretary/lover, Velda , usually work on "penny-ante divorce cases". One evening on a lonely country road, Hammer gives a ride to Christina , an attractive hitchhiker wearing nothing but a trench coat. She has escaped from a nearby mental institution. Thugs waylay them and Hammer awakens in some unknown location where he hears Christina screaming and being tortured to death. The thugs then push Hammer\'s car off a cliff with Christina\'s body and an unconscious Hammer inside. Hammer next awakens in a hospital with Velda by his bedside. He decides to pursue the case, both for vengeance and because, "She  must be connected with something big" behind it all.  The twisting plot takes Hammer to the apartment of Lily Carver , a sexy, waif-like blond who is posing as Christina\'s ex-roommate. Lily tells Hammer she has gone into hiding and asks Hammer to protect her. It turns out that she is after a mysterious box that, she believes, has contents worth a fortune. "The great whatsit", as Velda calls it, at the center of Hammer\'s quest is a small, mysterious valise that is hot to the touch and contains a dangerous, glowing substance. It comes to represent the 1950s Cold War fear and nuclear weapon paranoia about the atomic bomb that permeated American culture. (Homage is paid to this glowing MacGuffin in the 1980 cult film [[Repo_Man_ Later, at an isolated beach house, Hammer finds "Lily", who has been revealed to be an imposter named Gabrielle, with her evil boss, Dr. Soberin . Velda is their hostage, tied up in a bedroom. Soberin and Gabrielle are vying for the contents of the box. Gabrielle shoots Soberin, believing that she can keep the mysterious contents for herself. As she slyly opens the case, it is ultimately revealed to be stolen radionuclide material, which in the final scene apparently reaches explosive criticality when the box is fully opened. Horrifying sounds emit from the nuclear material as Gabrielle and the house burst into flames.  The original American release of the film shows Hammer and Velda escaping from the burning house at the end, running into the ocean as the words "The End" come over them on the screen. Sometime after its first release, the ending was crudely altered on the film\'s original negative, removing over a minute\'s worth of shots where Hammer and Velda escape and superimposing the words "The End" over the burning house. This implied that Hammer and Velda perished in the atomic blaze, and was often interpreted to represent the apocalypse. In 1997, the original conclusion was restored, where Velda and Mike survive. The DVD release has the correct original ending, and offers the now-discredited truncated ending as an extra. The movie is described as "the definitive, apocalyptic, nihilistic, science-fiction film noir of all time – at the close of the classic noir period."Filmsite'] ["{{Plot}} Three high school buddies, Stu , Tommy  and Gus , decide to go on a pleasure cruise through the Bermuda Triangle. Stu's fiancee, Julia , insists on attending. When they arrive in Bermuda, Gus and Tommy start stumble across a voodoo sacrifice. Gus takes a photo, causing a voodoo priestess to utter a curse under her breath, so they flee. When Tommy, Gus, Stu and Julia get to the dock, they find that their chartered boat is a wrecker run by Captain Morgan  and Charlie . They agree to go out. While diving, Julia sees the ghost of a little boy and begins to drown. A heavy fog engulfs the boat and the electronic equipment on board begins to malfunction. Suddenly a large ship, the RMS Queen of Scots, appears on the horizon. Everyone agrees to board the vessel in order to try and salvage parts to fix Morgan's boat. They quickly find the captain's log, and they realize that the Queen of Scots was experiencing similar technical difficulties. Morgan insists that he can repair it, and everyone splits up to search for the ship's power source. Morgan and Tommy discover an elevator that is running without power descend to their level. When the door opens, a cricket ball rolls out. They find that Morgan's boat has drifted away. Captain Morgan decides to go back down to the engine room and try to get the engine running, and they split up again. While in a room, Gus sees the same ghost that Stu's fiancee saw, and suffers a fatal heart attack. Stu encounters a vault filled with money and an old cricket bat. He is gathering money when Julia intervenes and tries to stop him, but he kills her in a fit of rage. Tommy and Charlie both awake from the same nightmare, and discover Gus's body. They frantically search for Stu, but they only find Julia's bloodied flashlight outside the ship's vault. Stu sneaks up on them and throw them in the ballast, locks the door, and begins to flood the compartment with ballast water. They find Julia's body and realize that Stu killed her. Captain Morgan is still working in the engine room and doesn't hear any of the previous commotion. Stu confronts him, and Captain Morgan is mortally wounded. Before he dies, he tells Tommy that Stu is acting like one of the original passengers on the final voyage of the Queen of Scots, who went crazy and killed everyone with a cricket bat. Tommy and Charlie attempt to escape, but Stu pursues them. Tommy pushes Stu through a pane of glass, and he and Charlie cover the boat with petrol and lower a small dinghy to the water. Charlie boards the dinghy, but before Tommy has the chance, he is attacked by a bloodied Stu. Charlie loosens the pulley while the cords are entangled around Stu's feet causing him to be pulled off the ship and hanged. Tommy escapes to the dinghy, and the ship suddenly comes back to life and begins to pursue them. Tommy shoots a flare at the Queen of Scots, igniting the petrol and causing it to explode. Their dinghy is discovered by patrolmen, and Tommy and Charlie tell them their story. The patrol men are shocked to learn that they are survivors from Captain Morgan's ship, and just before the credits roll a radio broadcast is heard that reveals that Captain Morgan's boat was lost at sea over four years ago, while the movie seemingly transpires over a single day, implying the Bermuda Triangle is a wormhole."] ["A group of masked gunmen steal evidence from a police evidence storage unit, killing several officers in the process. Officer Dennis Meechum  is seriously wounded after stabbing one of the robbers. He survives and publishes a book titled Inside Job based on his experience. Years later, Meechum has been promoted to Detective, and is working on his next novel. He now suffers from writer's block, and is a widowed father raising his daughter, Holly . On a case at the docks, a suspect runs as Meechum gives chase. A man named Cleve  joins the chase. The suspect hides in an overhead crane and attempts to shoot Meechum, but Cleve kills the man, then disappears. Cleve arranges a meeting with Meechum, and tries to convince to write a book about his history as a paid assassin for a corporate empire, Kappa International. Cleve intimidates Kappa's founder, David Madlock  about Meechum's next book, and promises Meechum to show evidence to back up his claims. They proceed to take trips to New York and Texas where Cleve tries to convince Meechum of his history of hits. While they are in Texas, it is revealed that Cleve was the injured masked gunmen that Meechum had stabbed years earlier. Madlock, through his legal representatives, tries to bribe Meechum but fails. When an enforcer tries to steal a manuscript of Meechum's novel and attempt to kill Holly, Cleve intervenes by killing him. When Cleve attempts to keep Holly safe by sending her to Meechum's agent, Roberta Gillian . Madlock, however, manages to kidnap Holly. Meechum decides to have a meeting with Madlock at the latter's oceanfront estate. Cleve storms into the house, and guns down all of Madlock's bodyguards. Cleve then sacrifices his own life to save Holly from Madlock. Meechum arrests Madlock, before comforting a dying Cleve. At the end of the film, it is revealed that Meechum has published the book titled Retribution: The Fall of David Madlock and Kappa International."] ['The movie opens with a credit sequence that follows a slaughterhouse process in from the unloading of the cattle to the making of sausages; however, inexplicably, a man\'s shoes drops onto the conveyor belt during the process. The woman operating the sausage machine is interrupted by Weenie , who has timed the machine using his watch. He stops the machine, wraps up a string of sausages, and marks the package with an address in Chicago. It is later revealed that Weenie is the brother of Mary Ann , the crooked operator of the slaughterhouse in Kansas City, Kansas. The particular sausages that Weenie was wrapping were made from the remains of an enforcer from the Chicago Irish mob sent to Kansas City to collect $500,000 from Mary Ann. After the head of the Irish mob in Chicago receives the package, he contacts Nick Devlin , an enforcer with whom he has worked previously, in order to go to Kansas City to collect the debt. He tells Devlin about the sausages and that another enforcer sent to Kansas City was found floating in the Missouri River. Devlin agrees to the fee of $50,000 and asks for some additional muscle. He receives a driver and three other younger members of the Irish mob for help, including the young O\'Brien , who makes Devlin meet his mother as he leaves Chicago. It is later revealed that Devlin and Mary Ann have a shared history involving Mary Ann\'s wife Clarabelle , who previously had an affair with Devlin. Devlin and his men drive to Kansas City. They stop at a flop house, where Devlin finds Weenie in an upstairs room. He beats up Weenie and tell him to inform Mary Ann that he is in town to collect the debt. The next day Devlin and his men find Mary Ann in a barn where Mary Ann is entertaining guests during a white slavery auction. He demands the money from Mary Ann, who tells him to come to county fair the next day to get it. Mary Ann tells Devlin that Chicago is "an old sow, begging for cream" that should be melted down.  As they are standing next to a cattle pen with naked young women offered for auction, one of them, who is later revealed to have the name Poppy , begs Devlin for help. Devlin takes her with him "on account". Back at the hotel he puts the woman in a large bed in their suite to recuperate. When she wakes up, she tells Devlin about her history of growing up at an orphanage in Missouri with her close friend, Violet , before they were both brought to the slave auction. Devlin promises to take her to the fair the next day. The next day at the county fair, in the midst of a livestock judging competition, Mary Ann gives Devlin a box that supposedly contains the money. When Devlin cracks the box open on the spot, he finds it contains only beef hearts. Betrayed by Mary Ann, before his men can take Devlin away, Violet distracts Weenie, who claimed her after the auction, and Devlin is able to escape with Poppy. Mary Ann\'s men chase Devlin, his men, and Poppy through the fair. O\'Brien is killed underneath a set of bleachers. Devlin and Poppy escape into a nearby wheat field, where they escape detection. When they try to leave the field, however, they are chased by a combine operator. Poppy falls while running and they are nearly sliced by the combine\'s blades. Devlin and Poppy are saved by the arrival of Devlin\'s men in their car, which they abandon and let ram into the front of the combine. Devlin\'s driver kills the combine operator. In one of the most memorable scenes from the movie, the entire car is demolished by the threshing apparatus and turned into bales of hay and metal. With their car destroyed, Devlin and his men hitch a ride back into Kansas City on a truck. Devlin jumps off the truck near the river and sends the rest of them with Poppy back into town. He enters a houseboat, the luxurious accommodations of Clarabelle, purchased for her by Mary Ann, who is there alone. He gets information on the whereabouts of Mary Ann. Clarabelle attempts to seduce him, but he rebuffs her. Clarabelle tells him she would be perfectly happy being a widow and joining Devlin again. When he returns to the hotel with a new car for his crew, Devlin finds an ambulance out front, with one of his men being hauled away. He learns that Mary Ann\'s men ambushed them and took Poppy. When he returns to Weenie\'s hotel to look for him, he finds that Violet has been gang-raped, apparently as a warning to what will happen to Poppy. He and his two remaining men drive out to Mary Ann\'s farm to finally take care of business. On the way, Devlin takes out a Smith & Wesson M76 submachine gun from a case. Devlin stops the car on the edge of a field of sunflowers near Mary Ann\'s farm. They approach the farm through the field and engage in a long gun battle with Mary Ann\'s men. Both of Devlin\'s men are hit. He tells them to stay behind while he advances with the submachine gun. Unable to get past Mary Ann\'s men, he stops a semi truck driver hauling livestock. He commandeers the truck and uses it ram the gate and smash into the greenhouse on the farm, demolishing it. Devlin kills several of Mary Ann\'s men then advances into the barn where Mary Ann and his brother are holding Poppy. From behind a bale of hay, he hits Mary Ann, who falls injured from the top of the barn. Enraged at seeing his brother shot, Weenie runs toward Devlin, who kills him. As he dies, Weenie tries to stab Devlin with a sausage. Devlin carries Poppy out of the barn. They pass the wounded Mary Ann, flat on his back, next to a sow pen. Mary Ann taunts Devlin to kill him, telling him to finish him off, like he would an animal. Devlin tells him that since Mary Ann is not an animal, he won\'t do that. He walks away, leaving Mary Ann to die on his back.'] ['The story is set in New York: the main storyline revolves around two friends who move in together. One of them meets a seemingly perfect woman  who, in secret, kills all the men who she sleeps with. She is a succubus type demon who seeks blood and vengeance against men foolish enough to be tempted by her.  The audience is first given a taste of the vampire\'s powers when she kills a local in the public house, where the main story is played. After questions are asked, the main character, known as Joel  falls for her and is, despite his insightful religious friend\'s advice, killed by her. However, the religious friend eventually kills the woman through brandishing his cross and stabbing her in the heart. At first Dougy  and K  go to visit Madam Sonia , a woman who gives them advice and tells them exactly what they are dealing with but then ends up getting possessed by the temptress which then scares both Dougy and K, forcing them to run out of the building. Later on, Dougy and K go to the bar and ask the bar tender who is outside of the bar emptying the rubbish in the trash bins to put holy water into the temptress\'s drink since she was the only one in the bar and then get out of there. After the temptress drinks the holy water she begins to cough violently and collapses on the ground, making Dougy And K take the moment and try to kill the temptress using a blade, but end up failing since the temptress uses her magic to make the blade go the other way round. Then, one by one, Dougy and K die. Later on, when Joel goes to the Temptress\'s apartment, not knowing what evil he was dealing with, she kisses him but then Joel faints and wakes up in his own bed. He knows that something is very wrong when his deceased father  strangles him but in reality it\'s the temptress. Then suddenly Joel\'s grandmother comes and tries to hit the temptress, distracting her long enough for Joel to get up and use his cross and kill the temptress. However, the twist at the end reveals that one of the main characters, another pub local, has survived the woman\'s wrath and is now a vampire, instead a male version. This transformation is made clear to the audience through his saying "You should use a cigarette lighter next time. The flame lasts longer" — the saying the female vampire used to say. Freddie Jackson and Melba Moore have cameo appearances in the film.'] ['After nearly being caught on a routine burglary, master safe-cracker Nick Wells  decides the time has finally come to retire from his illegal activities and focus on running his jazz club. Nick\'s flight attendant girlfriend, Diane , encourages this decision, promising to fully commit to their relationship if he does indeed go straight. Nick, however, is lured into taking one final score by his fence Max . The job, worth a $4 million pay off to Nick, is to steal a valuable French sceptre, which was being smuggled illegally into the United States through Canada but was accidentally discovered and kept at the Montréal Customs House. Max introduces Nick to Jack Teller , an ambitious, albeit foolhardy, thief who has infiltrated the Customs House and gained access to information regarding the security by pretending to be an intellectually disabled janitor named Brian. Nick hires his associate Steven  to hack into the Custom House\'s security system to obtain the bypass codes allowing them to temporarily manipulate the alert protocols of the system during the heist. Steven is caught, however, by a corrupt systems administrator who extorts Nick for $50,000 for the information. More complications arise when they\'re forced to move up their time-table after the Customs House becomes aware of the true value of the sceptre and adds extra CCTV cameras to monitor it while preparing to return it to its rightful owners. Nick uses a sewer tunnel to enter the Customs House basement as Jack uses the bypass codes to rig the cameras to shut off when Nick enters the storage room. One of the janitors stumbles upon Jack, but Jack locks him in a closet. Meanwhile Nick fills the enormous in-floor safe containing the sceptre with water before inserting and detonating a depth charge to blow off the door. He quickly packs up the sceptre in a carrying case to depart, but Jack double crosses him and at gunpoint demands he hand over the sceptre. Nick reluctantly gives up the carrying case and seconds later the alarm, rigged by Jack, alerts the entire compound to the heist. Nick darts for the sewer entrance he came in as Jack heads back upstairs, tucking the carrying case inside his janitor jumpsuit and slipping past the incoming police units responding to the burglary. Nick escapes the security guards chasing him through the sewer tunnels. After making it to a bus station to flee the city, Jack calls Nick to gloat but is shocked to discover that Nick has in fact double crossed him by giving him a carrying case containing a fake sceptre. Brushing off Jack\'s threats of vengeance, Nick advises Jack to flee as "every cop in the city" will now be looking for him. Nick hangs up and boards a boat with the real sceptre as a shocked Jack broods over his situation. Later, Max smiles as he watches a news broadcast reporting a massive manhunt being organized to find Jack, the prime suspect, and an unidentified accomplice. Nick then meets Diane at the airport as she returns from work, and she happily accepts a kiss and hug from him.'] ['The ending of the novel is changed in this film to a highly dramatic one by having Trilby die after Svengali is stricken with a fatal heart attack, instead of dying of a mysterious illness a few days later. She faints after he collapses in the stage box, but Svengali revives long enough to gasp, "Oh God, grant me in death what you denied me in life- the woman I love". Trilby then dies, followed by Svengali. In the film Billee survives.'] ['Hank Mitchell  and his pregnant wife, Sarah , live in rural Minnesota. Hank, one of the town\'s few college graduates, works in a feed mill, while his wife is a librarian. Hank\'s brother, Jacob , is a dim-witted but good-hearted fellow. The story begins with Hank, Jacob, and Jacob\'s friend, Lou , chasing a fox into the woods, where they find a crashed airplane. The pilot is dead and the only cargo is a bag full of unmarked bills totaling $4.4 million. Hank suggests turning the money in, but is persuaded not to by Jacob and Lou. Hank\'s condition is that he keep the money safe at his house and no one spends anything until winter ends and everyone moves away when they divvy up the cash. All agree to keep the discovery a secret. When they return to their vehicle, Carl, the sheriff, appears and Hank nervously talks to him while Jacob mentions hearing a plane in the area. Hank breaks the pact when he reveals the discovery to his wife, who is overjoyed. When Hank and Jacob return to the plane to put some of the money back as part of a larger plan to avoid suspicion, they come across an old man on a snowmobile. Jacob, thinking their cover is blown, bludgeons the man. When the man regains consciousness and asks for the police, Hank suffocates him in order to make it look like an accidental death. Jacob reneges on his promise to move away during the summer, and tells his brother about his intention to buy his father\'s farm with his share of the money. Hank thinks that his brother is being ridiculous as neither of them know anything about farming. Lou drunkenly demands some of the money from Hank, because he has spent recklessly since the discovery and needs cash fast. Hank refuses and Lou threatens to tell the authorities about the old man\'s death. Hank and Jacob team up against Lou. Lou, drunk and enraged that the two conspired against him, pulls a gun on the two brothers. Jacob kills Lou to save his brother, and then Hank kills Lou\'s wife when she appears, firing another gun. Hank concocts a plan as to what to tell the police to avoid arrest. The plan works, thanks to Hank\'s solid reputation in the community and Jacob\'s rehearsed speech to the police. Jacob tells Hank that this whole turn of events is wearing on him and that he "feels evil". Later, the sheriff calls Hank and tells him that an FBI agent has arrived, looking for a downed plane that may have crashed in the area. Because Jacob mentioned a plane earlier, the sheriff asks the brothers to assist in the search of the woods. Sarah is immediately skeptical and discovers that the FBI man is actually involved with the money and is looking for his lost cash. Hank still goes with him in order to protect Carl, he brings a gun with him just in case. Then the sheriff, the FBI man, Hank, and Jacob head into the woods. When they find the plane, the FBI man pulls a gun, kills the sheriff, and says that he is looking for the lost money. Jacob and Hank manage to get the drop on the man, and Hank kills him. Hank starts to concoct another story to tell the authorities, but Jacob announces he doesn\'t want to live with these bad memories, and will shoot himself to end it. He encourages Hank to kill him instead and frame the FBI man, so that Hank can still tell any story he wants. After grappling with the decision, Hank kills Jacob, and starts sobbing. At the police station, Hank tells his story to real FBI agents. As Sarah had predicted, no one would believe that this upstanding member of the community could be capable of such wrongdoing, and he is cleared of any crime. But he gets some unexpected bad news. The money in the plane is actually ransom money paid to kidnappers, and before it was delivered, many of the bills\' serial numbers were written down to track the cash and find whoever was using it. Hank realizes he cannot use the money without fear of being caught. He goes home and burns all the money, with his wife struggling to stop him. Hank and Sarah go back to their old lives and Hank reflects on their losses.'] ["Sam Bowden  is a lawyer in the quiet town of New Essex, North Carolina. Max Cady  is a former client whom Bowden had defended fourteen years previously when he was working as a public defender in Atlanta. Cady, who was being tried for the rape and battery of a young woman, was illiterate at the time and unable to read a report Bowden had kept hidden from the court, which revealed that the victim was promiscuous. The report might have lightened Cady's sentence or even acquitted him had Bowden brought it to light. Bowden had kept it hidden because he was appalled by the sheer violence in Cady's crime and wanted him to serve a severe sentence. After his release from prison, Cady tracks down Bowden. The former convict learned to read and studied law in prison, and even assumed his own defense, unsuccessfully appealing his conviction several times. Cady hints strongly that he has learned about Bowden burying the report, stating that the judge and prosecutor in his case did their jobs while Bowden betrayed his own client. Several incidents involving Cady begin to impact the Bowden family, which consists of Bowden's wife Leigh  and their teenage daughter Danielle . The family dog, Ben, is mysteriously poisoned. Cady is seen at night perched on the wall just outside the Bowden property limits. Bowden attempts to have Cady arrested, but local police lieutenant Elgart  reminds Bowden that there is no evidence Cady has committed any crime. At a bar, Cady meets Lori Davis , a female colleague of Bowden with whom Bowden may or may not be having a love affair. Later at her house, Cady cuffs her hands behind her back, breaks her arm, bites a chunk of flesh from her cheek and brutally rapes her. Lori refuses to press charges against Cady, fearful that she will be publicly questioned about her sexual history. Cady next approaches Danielle at her school by pretending to be her new drama teacher and goes as far as kissing her. Bowden, finally having had enough, hires private investigator Claude Kersek  to follow Cady. Bowden also approaches Cady in a restaurant and gives him a firm warning to leave him and his family alone or suffer the consequences. Cady refuses to give in, and he secretly tapes the conversation with a recorder hidden under the table. Kersek eventually persuades Bowden to hire three men to beat Cady in an effort to intimidate him but, as Bowden watches from a hiding place, Cady quickly turns the tide on his attackers and viciously beats them. Cady hears Bowden from behind his hiding spot and steadily approaches him, intimidating him with psychotic ramblings and Biblical passages, but decides to leave. Cady uses the recording of Bowden's threat and an exaggerated display of his own injuries to file for a restraining order against Bowden. Cady's new lawyer, Lee Heller , also files a complaint with the North Carolina State Bar, vowing to have Bowden disbarred from practicing law. Kersek reasons that Cady may try to enter the Bowden house during Bowden's appearance at a bar hearing out of town. They fake Bowden's departure and hide in the house, hoping that Cady will break in so that he can be shot in self-defense. As they wait, Cady, disguised as the maid Graciella , attacks and kills Kersek in the kitchen. Bowden, Leigh, and Dani discover his body, as well as that of Graciella. Horrified, they flee in their car to their house-boat, which is docked upstate along Cape Fear. Cady follows them by tying himself to the chassis of the Bowdens' car. That night, he attacks the family on the boat, beating and tying up Bowden, and prepares to rape both Leigh and Dani while Bowden watches. When Leigh offers herself in Dani's place, Dani sprays Cady with lighter fluid while he lights a cigar, engulfing him in flames and causing him to jump off the boat in order to extinguish the fire. However, Cady clings to a rope tied to the boat and pulls himself back on board. As the boat is rocked by a violent storm, Cady ferociously confronts Bowden with a mock trial. Bowden finally admits to having buried the potentially exculpatory report but counters that the woman's promiscuity was no justification to defend a rape. An enraged Cady prepares to kill Bowden, but the storm and the river's harsh current knocks Cady off his feet, allowing Bowden to gain the upper hand once the women make it to shore. The two men fight furiously, until Bowden finally manages to use Cady's handcuffs to shackle Cady to the boat. When the boat hits a stationary rock and is destroyed, the fight continues on shore. Bowden almost crushes Cady's head with a large stone, however a raging tide carries Cady away, madly screaming in tongues. Bowden watches as the piece of boat sinks to the bottom of the river, taking the still-shackled Cady with it, and then performs a cathartic washing of his blood from his hands before rejoining Leigh and Dani further up the river-bank."] ['He is keeping the two of them in a secret place on an island in the middle of a secluded lake. He knows that she cannot swim, and is scared of the water. One time, she gets too close to getting away and he then chains her to anchors and other things around the island to make it impossible for her to escape. One day, she lights all their matches on fire, so he is forced to go into town to buy new ones. While he is gone, she gets an axe and breaks free from the chain. He comes back unexpectedly early, and she is almost discovered in her act of escape. He finds her and starts beating her the hardest he has ever done. Throwing her around, pushing her on the ground, hurling objects at her face, and all the while, she is screaming. Finally, she gets a hold of a gun and shoots him. He is not dead, but immobile. She gives him a couple of last words before leaving him to die. She leaves him laying there alone, the gun within reach. A shot is later heard indicating he killed himself. Overcoming her fear of water, she swims across the pond to the other side and walks away down the road to an unknown fate, but free.'] ['{{quote}} Tom Sharky is a narcotics cop in Atlanta who is working on a transaction with a drug dealer. Another member of the force, Smiley, shows up unexpectedly during the sting, causing the drug dealer to run and Sharky to give chase, ultimately shooting the suspect on a MARTA bus only after the wounding of the bus driver. In the aftermath, Sharky is demoted to vice-squad, which is considered the least desirable assignment in the police department. In the depths of the vice-squad division, led by Friscoe, the arrest of small-time hooker Mabel results in the accidental discovery of a high-class prostitution ring that includes a beautiful escort named Dominoe who charges $1,000 a night. Sharky and his new partners begin a surveillance of her apartment and discover that Dominoe is having a relationship with Hotchkins, a candidate running for governor. With a team of downtrodden fellow investigators that includes Papa, Arch, and Nosh, referred to by Friscoe sarcastically as Sharky\'s "machine," he sets out to find where the trail leads. During one of the stakeouts, a mysterious crime kingpin known as Victor comes to Dominoe\'s apartment. He has been controlling her life since Dominoe was a young girl, but now she wants out. Victor agrees but forces her to have sex with him one last time. The next day, Sharky witnesses  Dominoe blown away by a shotgun blast through her front door, killing her and disfiguring her face beyond recognition. Sharky has privately been developing feelings for her while viewing through binoculars and listening to her bugged conversations. The man who shot her, known as Billy Score, is a drug addict and Victor\'s brother. He answers to Victor, as does Hotchkins, who is in love with Dominoe but remains a powerless political stooge under Victor\'s rule. Dominoe suddenly turns up to Sharky\'s surprise, and is told that her friend Tiffany used her apartment and is the one who was mistakenly shot by Billy Score. Dominoe is convinced that if Victor wants her dead, she is going to be dead, but reluctantly leaves with Sharky to be hidden away at his childhood home in the West End neighborhood. Meanwhile, Nosh informs Sharky that most of the surveillance tapes have disappeared from the police station, leaving both of them wondering if the investigation has been compromised. Nosh is then confronted by Billy Score, who kills him offscreen. Sharky confronts Victor at his penthouse apartment in the Westin Peachtree Plaza and vows to bring him to justice. Victor smugly knows that Dominoe is dead and cannot testify against him, but is stunned to be told by Sharky that she is still alive. While attempting to find Nosh at his home, two men spring an attack on Sharky and he is knocked cold. He awakens on a boat, where he is held captive and tortured by Smiley, who turns out to be working for Victor. Smiley informs him of the killing of Sharky\'s old narcotics division boss JoJo , and reveals that Nosh is dead as well. He cuts off two of Sharky\'s fingers while demanding to know where Dominoe can be found. Sharky attacks and shoots Smiley, and he manages to escape. Later, Sharky turns up with Dominoe at a Hotchkins political rally, to the candidate\'s considerable shock. Hotchkins is placed under arrest, and Victor finds out about it on the evening newscasts. Billy Score, in an agitated state, shoots and kills Victor. Almost immediately, Sharky and other police officers arrive at Victor\'s penthouse in an attempt to catch Billy. He is pursued through the upper floors of the Westin, where like a ghostly apparition he appears and disappears, killing Papa and seriously wounding Arch. Billy ultimately is gunned down by Sharky, crashing through a window and plummeting to his death nearly 700 feet below. In the end, Sharky returns to his childhood home, where Dominoe is now living with him.'] [' Alicia Huberman , the American daughter of a convicted Nazi spy, is recruited by government agent T. R. Devlin  to infiltrate an organization of Nazis who have relocated to Brazil after World War II. While awaiting the details of her assignment in Rio de Janeiro Alicia and Devlin fall in love, though his feelings are complicated by his knowledge of her wild past. When Devlin gets instructions to persuade her to seduce Alex Sebastian , one of her father\'s friends and a leading member of the group, Devlin tries to convince his superiors that Alicia is not fit for the job, without success. He puts up a stoic front when he informs Alicia about the mission, choosing duty over love. Alicia concludes that he was merely pretending to love her as part of his job. They contrive to have her meet Sebastian, and renew their acquaintance. At a dinner Alicia witnesses an odd incident—a guest becomes hysterical at the sight of several wine bottles on a sideboard, and is ushered quickly from the room. Sebastian quickly renews his ardor for her, and soon Alicia reports to Devlin, "you can add Sebastian\'s name to my list of playmates." When Sebastian proposes, Alicia informs Devlin, hoping he will finally erupt, but the agent coldly tells her to do whatever she wants; stung, she marries Sebastian. When she returns from her honeymoon, Alicia is hard-pressed to find anything amiss in her new home. The only thing she can relate to Devlin is that the key ring her husband gave her is short a key, the one to the wine cellar. That, and the bottle episode at the dinner, lead Devlin to urge Alicia to hold a grand party so he might investigate. The night of the affair, Alicia secretly steals the key from Sebastian\'s ring, and the two slip away to the cellar. There, Devlin accidentally breaks a bottle. Inside they find not wine, but a black sand . He takes a sample, cleans up, and locks the door just as Sebastian comes down for more champagne. Alicia and Devlin kiss to cover their tracks. Devlin feigns drunkenness, and makes an exit, but Sebastian remains suspicious. When he comes back later, he finds the glass and sand from the broken bottle pushed under a wine rack. Now Sebastian has a problem: he must silence Alicia, but cannot expose her without revealing his own blunder to his unforgiving fellow Nazis. He discusses the situation with his mother  and she suggests that Alicia "die slowly" by poisoning. They poison her coffee and she quickly falls ill; soon she is bedridden. Devlin becomes alarmed when she fails to appear at their next rendezvous. He sneaks into Alicia\'s quarters, where she tells him that Sebastian and his mother are poisoning her. After confessing his love for her, Devlin carries her out of the mansion in full view of Sebastian\'s Nazi cabal. Sebastian begs to go with them, but Devlin and Alicia drive away, leaving Sebastian to face his Nazi cohorts.'] ['When Karla brings her father Hans in Mallorca to a clinic because he was stung by a bee, it does not look good for him. The doctors want to find just a normal bee sting, what Karla does not consider it feasible. Together with the researcher Ben she gets down to find the true culprit&nbsp;— and finds an over-sized bees, which also is also extremely aggressive. This new insect species is a major threat to thousands of people on the holiday island.'] ['A young woman  with a troubled past takes a job at recently closed down hospital. Working the night shift alone she begins to experience a series of unsettling events that lead her to believe that the hospital may be connected to a number of recent murders in the area. To uncover the truth she will have to revisit the past behind the walls of Psych 9.'] ['Poirot joins his assistant Hastings in Acapulco, Mexico, where Hastings is staying. They go to a party at which the other guests include the writer Janet Crisp, the American actor Charles Cartwright, a clergyman called Babbington, Daisy Eastman and her daughter Egg, Dr Strange, and Ricardo Montoya. Babbington dies of poisoning, and then Strange is poisoned, too. Poirot hunts the murderer.'] ['When his administrative assistant takes a leave, Peter Derns , an executive for a cookie company, is assigned a temp, Kris Bolin . Peter starts to note the deaths of some of his rivals for advancement in the company, such as Jasser  and Hartsell . Soon the assistant returns, but by now the temp has begun her own way up the corporate ladder.'] ["Eli Michaelson , a self-involved chemistry professor, learns he has been awarded the Nobel Prize. After verbally abusing his wife, son, colleagues, and nominal girlfriend, he heads off to Sweden with his wife, Sarah , to collect his award. His son, Barkley , misses the flight. Barkley Michaelson has chosen to study not chemistry but anthropology, and this perceived failure triggers constant torrents of abuse from his father. His missing the flight, though, is the apparently innocent result of having been kidnapped by the deranged Thaddeus James , who claims to be Eli Michaelson's son by the wife of a former colleague. Thaddeus successfully obtains a ransom of $2 million, which he then splits with Barkley, who, it appears, has orchestrated the kidnapping to obtain money from his father. Shortly after Barkley's release, Thaddeus rents a garage apartment from the Michaelsons and begins to charm Eli with his knowledge of chemistry. Barkley undertakes a campaign of psychological terror aimed at Thaddeus and his girlfriend, performance artist City Hall . This ultimately results in the death of Thaddeus and commitment to a mental hospital for City. Meanwhile, Barkley kidnaps Eli and threatens to expose the scientific fraud that led to Eli receiving a Nobel prize that he did not deserve. Eli's long suffering wife, Sarah, demands a divorce while praising her son for his devious behavior. In the final scenes, Sarah, Barkley, and Sarah's police detective boyfriend, Max Mariner  are seen on a tropical beach. Mariner appears to have been in the dark through most of the movie, but has figured out towards the end that he wants to be with Sarah and can live with the theft of $2 million from her scoundrel husband. Eli is seen in his classroom unrepentantly flirting with another student. He has lost his wife, son, and the money, but it's unclear whether he still has his Nobel Prize."] ["Michael, a shy, socially awkward doormat, meets the extroverted Alex, who teaches him to be assertive and take risks. Things go too far, however, when they go on a drug-fueled robbery spree and assault a coworker Michael dislikes. When Michael wants out, Alex becomes angry and tries to destroy Michael's life: He steals all of Michael's possessions and frames him for murder."] ["David Weinberg , a lawyer in his 50s, and his much younger wife Alexis , drive through a torrential rainstorm to get the last ferry to their private island. They catch sight of an injured young man  at the side of the road, whom they reluctantly drive to the nearest town. Having missed their ferry, the couple checks into a motel, and take the next day's ferry. The young man , is also on the ferry, though they do not meet. David and Alexis have a troubled seven-year marriage, punctuated by miscommunication and missed opportunities. In an attempt to make up for his displays of temper, David arranges a romantic sailing excursion, but this goes terribly wrong when they encounter a fogbank and run aground. They find the young man camping on the shore, and are invited, after an initial misunderstanding, to share his fire. David recruits his assistance with ungrounding the sailboat, and invites him into his home. That evening, Alexis dreams that she has taken a blanket to the young man and that her husband has attacked her in a fit of jealousy. In the morning, the couple discovers that he has made them a lovely breakfast, and it transpires that David has actually delivered the blanket to him. David invites the young man to stay for dinner that night to sample his own cooking in a challenge, then leaves to play golf. Alexis and the man waste time together while downing a bottle of whiskey, talking about themselves and dressing up for fun in the boat house. He explains that he is a poet, but that he is unable to write and shows Alexis his work, all in different handwriting. He persuades her to take dictation of a quite dark poem describing drowning. Eventually they go off on a wild mushroom hunting walk in the nearby woods, and Alexis stops the young man from consuming a mushroom that she says would have killed him in a minute. She then shows him how to tell the difference between the lethal mushroom he almost ate, and one that looks almost identical, but is in fact an aphrodisiac. After failing to convince her to eat the aphrodisiac mushroom, they return home, where he apologises. David returns from golf, claiming to be ill, but he recovers enough to make dinner for his wife and the man when he is reminded of the challenge. The plans to return the man to town are thwarted, however, when David takes him across on the boat and it dies half-way, leaving the man with no option but to stay with them another night, which he doesn't seem pleased about. The next morning, however, David provokes an argument with Alexis and gets into a brief fight with the young man, who flees to hide in the shed when David comes after him. He is driven out of the shed and runs into the woods, David still chasing after him. When David approaches Alexis in the woods, she tells him that they're through and then finds the young man on the ground. He seduces her while trying to coerce her into eating one of the mushrooms. This time, unlike the last, she doesn't stop him from continuing. A funeral follows, and the young man's poem, written in Alexis' handwriting and signed by her, is read, as if it was her suicide note. David then returns to the island by boat. He strips and swims to shore in the icy water, as if stripping off and washing away his former life. Some time later, someone arrives at the house, seen from the back wearing a hooded jacket. The stranger kisses David, and is revealed to be the young man. It becomes abundantly clear that he and David are lovers, and that Alexis' death was planned by the two of them."] ['Frank Chambers , a drifter, stops at a rural California diner for a meal, and ends up working there. The diner is operated by a young, beautiful woman, Cora Smith , and her much older husband, Nick Papadakis , who is an immigrant from Greece. Frank and Cora start to have an affair soon after they meet. Cora  is tired of her situation, married to a man she does not love, and working at a diner that she wishes to own and improve. She and Frank scheme to murder Nick in order to start a new life together without her losing the diner. Their first attempt at the murder is a failure, but they eventually succeed. The local prosecutor suspects what has actually occurred, but does not have enough evidence to prove it. As a tactic intended to get Cora and Frank to turn on one another, he tries only Cora for the crime. Although they do turn against each other, a clever ploy from Cora\'s lawyer prevents Cora\'s full confession from coming into the hands of the prosecutor. With the tactic having failed to generate any new evidence for the prosecution, Cora is ultimately acquitted. Frank and Cora eventually patch together their tumultuous relationship, and now plan for a future together. But as they seem to be prepared finally to live "happily ever after", Cora dies in a car accident.'] ['After a rooftop chase in which his latent acrophobia results in the death of a police officer, San Francisco detective John "Scottie" Ferguson retires, spending much of his time with his ex-fiancée Midge Wood. Scottie tries to gradually conquer his fear but Midge suggests another severe emotional shock may be the only cure. An acquaintance, Gavin Elster, asks Scottie to tail his wife, Madeleine, claiming she has been possessed; Scottie reluctantly agrees. The next day Scottie follows Madeleine to a florist where she secures a bouquet of flowers; next, she visits the grave of Carlotta Valdes; then she visits an art museum where she sits watching Portrait of Carlotta, a painting of a woman resembling her. Lastly, she enters the McKittrick Hotel, but when Scottie investigates, she is missing and the clerk insists she has not been there. Midge takes Scottie to a local history expert, who informs them Carlotta Valdes tragically committed suicide. Another visit with Gavin reveals Carlotta is Madeleine\'s great-grandmother, who Gavin fears is possessing Madeleine. Gavin also says Madeleine has no knowledge of Carlotta. Scottie tails Madeleine to Fort Point , where she suddenly leaps into San Francisco Bay. Scottie rescues Madeleine and takes her to his home. The meeting is tense and leads to a strange intimacy between them, but Madeleine quickly slips out when Scottie receives a phone call. The next day Scottie follows Madeleine to his own house, where she is hand-delivering a thank-you note to him for rescuing her, and they decide to spend the day together because Scottie fears Madeleine might attempt suicide again. The two travel to Muir Woods and then Cypress Point along 17-Mile Drive near Pebble Beach, where Madeleine, embarrassed from confessing that her dreams sound mad, runs to the ocean. Scottie chases after her and they embrace and kiss. Upon hearing the details of her nightmare, Scottie identifies the setting as Mission San Juan Bautista and takes Madeleine there, where they proclaim their love for each other. Madeleine suddenly runs into the church and up the bell tower. Scottie, halted on the steps by vertigo and paralyzing fear, watches as Madeleine plunges to her death. An inquest declares Madeleine\'s death a suicide, but Scottie feels ashamed that his weakness rendered him incapable of preventing someone\'s death. Gavin does not fault Scottie, but in the following weeks Scottie becomes depressed. While undergoing treatment in a sanatorium, he becomes mute, haunted by vivid nightmares. Although Midge visits, his condition remains unchanged. After release, Scottie haunts the places that Madeleine visited, often imagining that he sees her. One day, he spots a woman who reminds him of Madeleine, despite the woman\'s less elegant dress and heavier makeup. Scottie follows the woman to her hotel room, where she identifies herself as Judy Barton from Kansas. Though initially suspicious and defensive, Judy eventually agrees to join Scottie for dinner. After Scottie leaves, Judy has a flashback revealing that she was, in fact, the woman known as "Madeleine", but she is not Gavin\'s wife. Judy prepares to leave and writes a confession letter to Scottie explaining that she was an accomplice to the real Madeleine Elster\'s murder by Gavin, and how Gavin had taken advantage of Scottie\'s acrophobia. She rips up the letter and decides to continue the charade because of her love for Scottie. Scottie remains obsessed by his memory of "Madeleine" and their similarities. He transforms an initially unwilling Judy until she once more resembles Madeleine. Judy agrees to change on the chance that they may finally find happiness together. But Scottie realizes the truth when Judy wears a unique necklace that he remembered from the portrait of Carlotta Valdes. Instead of dinner, Scottie insists on taking Judy to the Mission San Juan Bautista. There, he reveals that he wants to re-enact the event that led to his madness, admitting that he now knows Madeleine and Judy are the same. Scottie forces her up the bell tower and angrily presses Judy to admit her deceit. Scottie reaches the top, conquering his acrophobia at last. Judy confesses that Gavin had hired her to pose as a possessed Madeleine; Gavin faked the suicide by tossing the body of his already-murdered wife from the bell tower. Judy pleads to Scottie to forgive her because she loves him. The two embrace when a nun, in shadow, emerges from the trapdoor; startled, Judy steps backward and falls to her death. Scottie stands on the narrow ledge while the nun rings the mission bell.'] ['Margaret Hall  and her family live a seemingly upper middle class life in Tahoe City, California. Her husband is a pilot on the aircraft carrier USS Constellation. She is startled to discover that her son Beau , a high school senior, has been having a sexual affair with 30 year-old Reno, Nevada night club owner Darby Reese . Margaret visits Reese\'s nightclub, The Deep End, to demand that he stay away from her son. That night, Reese secretly visits Beau and the two meet in the boathouse. Beau confronts him about asking his mother for money. The two argue, eventually coming to blows. As Beau returns to the house, Reese leans on a railing, causing it to collapse, and falls into the water, impaling himself on an anchor. The next morning, Margaret discovers Reese\'s body on the beach. Margaret removes the body and dumps it in a cove but it is soon discovered and the police investigate it as a homicide. Soon after, a man named Alek Spera  confronts Margaret with a tape of Darby and Beau having sex. Alek demands $50,000 in 24 hours or he will turn the tape over to the police, which would implicate Beau in Reese\'s "murder". Margaret struggles unsuccessfully to get the money. Alek calls Margaret the next day and tells her that she needs to get only $25,000 but Alek\'s partner, Nagle is convinced she is lying about not being able to raise the money. Nagle corners and beats Margaret but Alek arrives and the two men scuffle, and Alek strangles Nagle. Margaret attempts to take responsibility for Nagle\'s death, but Alek takes the body away in Nagle\'s car. As Margaret and her son drive looking for Nagle\'s car, they see it overturned in a ditch. Margaret attempts to free Alek, who is critically injured. Alek pleads with her to leave before the police arrive. Margaret stays until Alek dies. Back at home, Margaret, in a state of distress, is comforted by Beau. The camera then pulls back, as the scene shifts to the exterior of the house, the audience hears another phone call coming in from the absent husband, which Beau\'s sister answers. The Halls\' normal life resumes.'] ["After serving prison time for manslaughter, Bobby is released on probation from Rikers, and moves to the old apartment in East Village, New York, where his lonely mother lived and died while he was incarcerated. He finds a job as mechanic at the Houston Auto Repair shop owned by the supportive Hector Rodriguez and tries to rebuild his life. However, he is deemed an outcast and his former friends and neighbors do not want to talk to him. He meets his former girlfriend, Alyssa, who works as waitress and studies in a design school, and they tentatively resume their relationship. Bobby begins hearing weird noises and finds blood in his apartment, and overhears an argument between an abusive police officer and his wife and their daughter next door in Room 517. He finds bottles of pills in the bathroom and learns from the manager that his mother had locked herself in her apartment for a week prior to her death. When Bobby next hears an argument ensue in Room 517, he bangs on the door and tries to intervene. The police officer comes to his door and tells him to mind his own business. On another evening, Bobby overhears the police officer beating his wife next door, and the daughter standing in front of his door. He invites her in and calls the police on the tenants next door. However, it turns out that Room 517 has been empty for several years. Bobby continues to hear things; his experiences affect his job performance, and his relationship with Alyssa starts to deteriorate, with her thinking he is crazy. Meanwhile, one other tenant had been experiencing the same visions as Bobby—he comes face-to-face with the ghosts in his apartment, and his body is later discovered, with the police looking at Bobby as a possible suspect. The ghosts of the mother and daughter begin haunting other individuals who have connections with Bobby and the apartment building: Alyssa, as she is taking her design final; Hector, when he comes to Bobby's apartment in order to apologize for a misunderstanding. While interrogating other tenants, Bobby discovers that, years ago, an abusive police officer had beaten his wife to death when she tried to leave him, and dumped his daughter's body down the garbage chute. But although the wife had banged on other people's doors and screamed for help, no one had been willing to intervene , and the ghosts of the family continued to haunt the apartment. Hector, while looking for Bobby, dies by falling down a staircase after running from the ghost of the daughter. Alyssa, also haunted by the ghosts, runs to Bobby's apartment looking for him, but winds up being dragged to Room 517 by the ghost of the police officer—mimicking the way the wife was murdered. Bobby hears Alyssa's screams of pain, and saves her. While tending to her back in his room, Bobby witnesses the scene as it had occurred those years ago; yet, this time, Bobby doesn't let the entire scene play out and rushes to intervene just as the police officer is about to give the final blow to the wife. The wife then incapacitates the husband and embraces her daughter in relief."] ["Christine  is the maid of a well-to-do widow  and her daughter . Her sister, Lea  is hired on the recommendation of Christine. The two sisters become increasingly alienated from their employer, separated by barriers between the classes. With only each other to turn to and Christine experiencing much jealousy as to her sister's interest in anyone else, the relationship becomes sexual, adding to the tension between the sisters and their employer. The tension ultimately leads to paranoia, repressed rage and murder."] ['David Norton  is used to being in control. As a best-selling science fiction author, he decides the fate of his characters; his heroes, his villains, their lives and deaths. He is invited to an idyllic Mediterranean island for a conference. But his fiancee receives a strange call and jumps to her death from their hotel balcony, he has been lured into a trap. As he begins piecing answers together, people start inexplicably committing suicide all around him. Now David has become the reluctant hero of his own living story, and this time he has no idea how it will end.'] ["Party animal Rick , wild child Veronique , uptight Robert  and six other friends vacation in a plush mansion, where they find a mysterious board game. But the game proves dangerous when it draws out the nastiest qualities in all of its players. As buried fears, resentments, greed and attractions quickly and unsettlingly emerge, the game's goal becomes crystal clear: stay alive.www.netflix.com"] [' Dr Martin  arrives at a secluded asylum "for the incurably insane" to be interviewed for a job by the wheelchair-using, authoritarian Dr Lionel Rutherford ([[Patrick Magee . Rutherford explains that he owes his current incapacitation to an attack by an inmate. Rutherford reveals his unorthodox plan to determine Martin\'s suitability for the post of head Doctor. One of the asylum\'s current inmates is Dr B. Starr, the former head of the Asylum who underwent a complete mental breakdown. Martin is to interview the inmates of the asylum to deduce which one is Dr Starr. If his choice is correct Rutherford will "consider" him for the post. The attendant Max Reynolds  admits Martin through the security door to the inmates\' solitary confinement cells where he interviews each in turn.  Bonnie  recounts the plot to murder Ruth , the wealthy wife of her lover Walter . Ruth is a possessive heiress who studies voodoo, and this interest stands in the way of Bonnie and Walter being together.  Bruno  recounts how poverty forced him to accept the unusual request of a Mr Smith  to produce an elaborate suit of clothing from a mysterious, scintillating, fabric that can animate anything, including the dead. After learning what the suit will be used for, Bruno fights Smith and accidentally kills him. He returns with the unsold suit. His wife Anna  dresses their store mannequin in the suit and its true powers are revealed.  The ebullient Barbara  informs Martin she has been in an asylum before. After her release from that asylum she was closely monitored at home by her brother George  and a nurse, Miss Higgins . This frustrated existence is relieved when her mischievous friend Lucy  comes to visit.  Finally Martin interviews Dr. Byron  who holds Rutherford in deep contempt. Byron explains he is working towards soul transference with a small automaton whose head is a likeness of his own, and shows Martin several earlier models. Byron plans to "will" his mannequin to life, and explains the interior of the robot is organic, a miniaturised version of his own viscera. Martin concludes his interview and Max shows him downstairs to deliver his judgement to Rutherford.  Byron successfully brings his mannequin to life: it makes its way to Rutherford\'s office and kills him with a surgical knife. Then, Martin destroys the mannequin  and seeks help from Max Reynolds, and Dr. Starr\'s true identity is revealed: it is "Max Reynolds", who has killed the real Max Reynolds two days before. He then kills Martin.'] ["Janice Mitchell, Judith Light, is a married woman who has a brief affair with an attractive, younger man Dr. Guy Ellisman, Jack Wagner. When she breaks off the affair, he doesn't react well, first by stalking and raping her. Janice and her husband decide to take an island vacation with their daughter Tracey Gold who brings along her boyfriend who turns out to be Guy Ellisman. Janice soon finds herself at the risk of telling her family about her affair."] ['The Zodiac Killer  terrorizes the San Francisco Bay area in the early 1970s. He murders random people and uses cryptic symbols and coded messages to taunt the media and the San Francisco Police, leaving the people of San Francisco in fear.'] ['During the 1973 Yom Kippur War, an Israeli A-4 Skyhawk carrying a nuclear weapon is shot down over the Syrian desert. The bomb, over time, is consumed by the sand and disappears. Twenty-nine years later, President J. Robert Fowler  and his senior national security advisors, including Director of Central Intelligence William Cabot , are conducting a top-secret military simulation of a Russian nuclear attack against the United States. Meanwhile, the bomb is found in Syria by a couple of scrap dealers and unwittingly sold to an arms dealer named Olson  for {{USD}} 400, who in turn sells it to an Austrian neo-Nazi named Richard Dressler  for {{USD}}50 million. The United States becomes concerned when Alexander Nemerov  becomes the new President of the Russian Federation. Cabot seeks the opinion of CIA analyst Jack Ryan , who has done extensive research on Nemerov\'s life and career. During a routine inspection of Russia\'s nuclear weapons facilities, Cabot and Ryan are invited to the Kremlin to meet with Nemerov personally. Tension arises when Nemerov protests U.S. involvement in Russian-Chechen affairs. Nonetheless, Nemerov and Ryan develop a rapport. During the inspection, Ryan notices that three Russian nuclear technicians are not present at the facility. Nemerov\'s aide, Anatoli Grushkov ([[Michael Byrne , claims that there is nothing amiss. Cabot\'s covert informant in Moscow, "Spinnaker", says that the whereabouts of the three scientists are truly unknown to the Russian government. Upon arrival in Washington, D.C., Cabot sends operative John Clark  to track down the missing scientists. Clark discovers them in Ukraine, constructing Dressler\'s bomb. When President Nemerov takes responsibility for an unauthorized gas-warfare attack on Grozny, President Fowler becomes concerned with the volatility of Nemerov\'s military policies and responds by sending NATO peacekeeping troops to Chechnya. Ryan correctly believes that Nemerov took responsibility for the act only to save face before political radicals in Russia, and loses credibility in the White House. Meanwhile, the nuclear bomb, disguised as a cigarette vending machine, arrives in a crate in Baltimore, Maryland, and is placed at a football stadium. In a recording, Dressler reveals his intentions in placing the bomb in Baltimore: frustrated and angered with the American and Russian paternalism over smaller European nations, Dressler has resolved to destroy both nations, much as Adolf Hitler desired to in World War II. Dressler notes, "Communism was a fool\'s errand. The followers of Marx gone from this earth, but the followers of Hitler abound and thrive." By detonating a nuclear weapon on American soil, Dressler and his associates plan to aggravate an already tense relationship between the two nations to the point of full-blown nuclear war. Ryan informs Cabot about the bomb, but learns that both he and President Fowler are attending a football game in the stadium where the bomb is planted. Cabot orders U.S. Secret Service agents to rush the President out of the stadium. The President manages to escape the stadium, but only moments before the bomb detonates, destroying a significant part of the city and scattering the President\'s motorcade. After the explosion, Fowler is rescued by heliborne United States Marines, and taken airborne on a Boeing E-4B Advanced Airborne Command Post with his cabinet. Immediately, they fear that the bomb was Russian. Ryan\'s girlfriend, Dr. Catherine Muller , survives the blast and Ryan survives a helicopter crash, but Cabot dies later at a hospital. After being informed about the explosion, Dressler telephones one of his associates, a corrupt general in the Russian Air Force. In order to further aggravate the situation, the general orders his Tu-22M Backfire pilots to strike an American aircraft carrier USS John C. Stennis with standoff missiles in the North Sea under the false pretext that a U.S. intercontinental ballistic missile has destroyed Moscow. The strike heavily damages the Stennis and renders the carrier incapable of launching aircraft. In response, Fowler orders United States Air Force F-16 fighter jets to attack the originating Russian air base. Tensions escalate as trust between Fowler and Nemerov rapidly deteriorates. To prove that he is willing to take the exchange to the next level, Fowler orders SNAPCOUNT, the military alert level for maximum readiness, preparing to launch a massive nuclear strike on Russian military targets. Seeing that the U.S. has dispatched B-2 Spirit stealth bombers and Ohio-class submarines, Nemerov prepares to launch his missiles on the United States. Ryan first learns about the origin of the bomb after a U.S. Army Radiation Assessment Team conducts an isotopic fingerprint analysis of air samples around ground zero in Baltimore. It is concluded that the plutonium for the Baltimore bomb was manufactured in Savannah River nuclear plant in South Carolina in 1968, thus indicating that the original fissile material was of American, not Russian, origin. He tries, unsuccessfully, to communicate this information to Fowler. After being with the dying Cabot, Ryan takes Cabot\'s personal effects, and with Cabot\'s text messenger, asks Spinnaker how the American plutonium ended up in a Russian bomb. Spinnaker tells him that the U.S. had secretly managed to send it to Israel for their nuclear weapons program. Meanwhile, John Clark learns from Ghazi, one of the scrap dealers who is dying from being exposed to the bomb\'s radiation, that it was Olson who bought the bomb and that he lives in Damascus, Syria. Ryan\'s co-workers in the CIA infiltrate Olson\'s computer and download files that implicate Dressler as the person who bought the plutonium and who is behind the Baltimore attack. Ryan learns of this from his team. Ryan gets to the Baltimore harbor docks, only to find Dressler\'s American contact Jared Mason  murdered by Dressler\'s German hitman Haft . Haft attacks Ryan, but Ryan manages to get the upper hand on him. Ryan tries to force Haft to talk, but is thwarted as the Maryland State Police arrive. Via a state police helicopter, Ryan manages to get to the Pentagon, where he is able to communicate the truth to Nemerov. Relying on Ryan\'s word, Nemerov proposes a plan to Fowler to a stand down. Fowler follows suit, and the nuclear war is averted. The two presidents meet and make peace as agents of both governments hunt down and assassinate the terrorist conspirators. John Clark cuts Olson\'s throat, Russian agents pursue and shoot the traitorous General Dubinin in a snow-covered forest, and as Grushkov looks on, Dressler has his bodyguard start his car engine to rule out a car bomb, only to be killed after he replaces him in the car, due to him pushing in the cigarette lighter, which actually triggers the bomb. In Washington, D.C., Fowler and Nemerov address the Baltimore tragedy and the future of weapons of mass destruction during a speech on the White House lawn. In a nearby park, Ryan and Muller are having a picnic when they are approached by Grushkov. It is revealed that Grushkov is Spinnaker, Cabot\'s covert source in Moscow. Grushkov gives Muller a "modest gift" for her engagement to Ryan. Muller and Ryan are perplexed, as they have not told anyone of their engagement. Ryan asks Grushkov how he could possibly know this secret, but he simply smiles, shrugs and walks away.'] ['A young woman  who runs a wildlife sanctuary in the Outback is menaced by three kangaroo hunters who have entered the sanctuary looking for new game.'] ["Megan Turner  is a rookie New York City policewoman who shoots and kills a suspect  with her police-issue .38 Special Smith & Wesson Model 10 revolver while he's holding up a neighborhood market. The suspect's .44 Magnum Smith & Wesson Model 29 revolver lands on the floor of the market in the shopping area as the suspect is blown backward through the front window. As she continues to the checkout area, Turner nearly steps on the suspect's gun directly in front of Eugene Hunt , a commodities trader, who is also a latent psychopath. Hunt takes the gun and slips away, using it to commit several bloody and brutal murders over the next few days. Because the robber's weapon was not found at the scene, Turner is accused of killing an unarmed man. While the officer attempts to clear her name with Chief Hoyt and her superiors, Hunt begins to romance the suspended Turner in a twisted love fetish. Turner arrests him but he is freed by his attorney, Mel Dawson. He begins to stalk Turner at her family home, an uncomfortable place where Turner remembers her mother being physically abused by her dad. Turner fights to keep her badge and solve the murders with the help of Detective Nick Mann , while trying to figure out her relationship with a killer. Hunt turns up at her apartment, injures Turner and kills her best friend, Tracy. This causes Meg to have an emotional breakdown. She spend the night with Mann, her fellow officer. Mann is ambushed by Hunt when he goes to the bathroom. Meg doesn't hear the shot because it was muffled. Eugene attacks her and she shoots him, but he runs off. Mann is unconscious and taken to the hospital. Determined to find Hunt and finish him off, Turner finally shoots and kills him after a long and violent confrontation and a bullet wound to her shoulder. She is taken away by paramedics for treatment."] ['Annie Laird  is a sculptor who lives in New York with her son Oliver . Annie works as a data entry clerk. Annie is selected to be a juror in the trial of mob boss Louie Boffano , who is accused of ordering the murder of Salvatore Riggio. Annie meets a man named Mark Cordell . He buys some of Annie\'s artwork, then wines and dines her before Annie discovers that Mark is better known as "The Teacher". He is Boffano\'s enforcer, and the material perpetrator of the hit job for which Boffano is being prosecuted. Mark tells Annie to convince the jury to acquit Boffano, or she and Oliver will die. An extremely frightened Annie does convince the jury to acquit Boffano. After the trial, Boffano wonders if maybe Annie should disappear, because Boffano sees Annie as a loose end. Mark has a problem with this because he has developed feelings for Annie. In order to exert further pressure on Annie, Mark goes after Annie\'s friend Juliet . After having sex with her, Mark reveals himself to Juliet as being Annie\'s stalker. He pulls a gun and forces Juliet to take a fatal drug overdose. Mark boasts of Juliet\'s murder to his partner Eddie . Annie hides Oliver in T\'ui Cuch, Guatemala with her friend Boone . At the same time, the district attorney wants Annie to turn state\'s witness so they can go after Mark, who now plans to take over Boffano\'s empire. When the DA\'s office has her wear a wire, Annie removes it and gives it to Eddie, instructing him to leave her and Mark alone. Annie then succeeds in getting Mark to incriminate himself in a boastful rant on his ambitions, which are recorded on a hidden tape recorder. She then uses the tape to tip off Boffano to Mark\'s plans. Boffano schedules a meeting to "deal" with Mark. Eddie arranges the meeting, but Mark kills both Boffano and Boffano\'s son Joseph , along with their henchmen. He also slashes Eddie\'s throat. Mark is furious at Annie for setting him up. He calls her, revealing his knowledge of Oliver\'s whereabouts and his intention to travel to Guatemala to kill Oliver. In Guatemala, there is a showdown when Mark arrives. After Mark chases Oliver into a structure, natives shoot Mark. Annie, who has a pistol, fires eight more shots, killing Mark and ensuring Oliver\'s safety.'] ['Regina "Reggie" Lampert, on a skiing holiday in Megève, decides to divorce her husband Charles and then meets a charming stranger, Peter Joshua. When she returns to Paris, her apartment is completely empty and the police notify her that Charles has been murdered while leaving Paris. They give Reggie his travel bag, containing a letter addressed to her, a ticket to Venezuela, passports in multiple names, and other items. At the funeral, Regina notices three odd characters who show up to view the body. One sticks the corpse with a pin and another places a mirror in front of the body\'s mouth and nose, both to verify Charles is really dead. Reggie is summoned to meet CIA administrator Hamilton Bartholomew at the U.S. Embassy. She learns that the three men are "Tex" Panthollow, Herman Scobie, and Leopold W. Gideon. As part of the OSS  during World War II, they were parachuted behind enemy lines together with Charles Lampert and a fifth man, Carson Dyle. Ordered to deliver $250,000 in gold to the French Resistance, they stole it instead. Dyle was fatally wounded in a German ambush, and Charles doublecrossed the others and took all the gold. The three men want the missing money, and the U.S. government wants it back. Bartholomew insists Reggie has it, even if she does not know where it is. Peter tracks Reggie down and helps her move into a hotel. The three criminals separately threaten Reggie, each convinced she knows where the money is. After Scobie informs Reggie that Peter is in league with the trio , Peter tells her that he is Alexander Dyle, and that he is convinced his brother Carson was murdered by the other three. As the hunt for the money continues, first Scobie is found murdered, then Gideon. The police grow increasingly exasperated. Reggie falls in love with Alex. When she learns from Bartholomew that Carson Dyle had no brother, Alex says he is really Adam Canfield, an unabashed professional thief. Although she is frustrated by his dishonesty, Reggie still finds herself trusting him. Reggie and Adam go to the location of Charles\'s last appointment and find an outdoor market. They also spot Tex there. Adam follows him. It is Tex who finally figures out where the money is hidden. He sees booths selling stamps to collectors and realizes Charles must have purchased rare stamps and stuck them on an envelope in plain sight, the letter in his travel bag. Adam realizes the same thing and races Tex back to Reggie\'s hotel room. But the stamps are gone: Reggie had given them to her friend\'s little boy, Jean-Louis, for his collection, and he has taken them to the market to trade them. Reggie now also realizes the stamps\' significance and Jean-Louis finds the stamp trader. Fortunately, he is honest. He puts their total value at $250,000 and returns them to Reggie.  When she returns to the hotel, she finds Tex murdered as well &mdash; and while dying, he wrote the name "Dyle". Figuring he meant Alexander Dyle, a frightened Reggie telephones Bartholomew, who arranges to meet her. When she leaves the hotel, Adam spots her and gives chase through the streets of Paris and the subway. At the rendezvous, Reggie is caught out in the open between the two men. Adam tells her that "Bartholomew" is the murderer &mdash; he is really Carson Dyle, who was only wounded by the Germans.  After another chase, Adam kills Dyle to save Reggie. When Reggie insists on turning the stamps over to the authorities, Adam refuses to accompany her. When she goes in, she is shocked to find that Adam is actually Brian Cruikshank, the government official responsible for recovered property. After proving his true identity, he promises to marry her... once she gives him the stamps. The movie ends with a split-screen grid showing flashback shots of all of Brian\'s different identities, while Reggie says she hopes that they have lots of boys, so they can name them all after him.'] ['Upon returning home from work on his birthday, Steve--a middle class husband and father of two--finds the house dark and his family not home. He notices a chair, his television set, and a video tape obviously set out for his viewing. He turns the TV and VCR on, and begins to watch a tape made for him by his wife, Alexandra. As the video proceeds to show Alexandra begin a striptease, at first it appears to be nothing more than a birthday gift. But as it progresses, it becomes clear that the tape is designed to torture Steve due to marital problems that Alexandra has been stewing about for years. She feigns breast cancer, has sex with their neighbor, and tells Steve that neither she nor their two children are ever coming home.'] ["The plot centers around the life of Angela Anderson , a sexually repressed woman in her mid twenties. The film begins with Angela buying a pair of large scissors from a hardware shop. On her way home she is attacked in the lift of her apartment block by a red bearded man, who she stabs with the scissors in self-defense. Immediately after the attack Angela is found by the twin brothers  who live next door to her. The first brother Alex is the star of a successful soap opera, whilst the other Cole is a wheelchair-using artist. As the film progresses an attraction develops between Angela and Alex, which is constantly restrained by Angela's sexual repression. Hypnotherapy sessions with her psychiatrist Dr Steven Carter  reveal a red bearded man named Billy in Angela's past, a startling coincidence to her recent attack. Following her attack in the elevator, the increasing attention from Alex and the fear of Cole she develops, Angela's sheltered world starts to fall apart. Following another encounter with her red bearded attacker, and harassment from Cole, Angela finds herself lured with the prospect of a job to a large and mysterious apartment where she finds herself trapped. In the master bedroom, Angela finds the body of her red bearded attacker, who has been murdered with the same pair of scissors at the start of the film. The only other living thing in the apartment with her is a caged raven, who caws repeatedly that Angela killed him. As Angela explores the apartment she finds it is full of exhibits relating to her own psychology, it is clear at this point that someone wants to drive Angela into insanity. Meanwhile, Alex has discovered that Angie is missing and while trying to discover her whereabouts, his brother Cole suddenly stands up from his wheelchair, attacks Alex, and then mysteriously leaves. After many failed escape attempts Angela takes the raven from its cage, ties a message to its leg and releases it into the air vent . Angela wakes up the following morning to find that the body of her attacker has been moved to the dining room, the mutilated corpse of the raven sits on a plate before it. The sight of this causes Angela to collapse in shock where she experiences a childhood flashback. In the flashback her red bearded stepfather Billy was murdered by her Mother with a pair of scissors before her eyes, the horror of which being the root of her repression. The next day the apartment is visited by Dr Carter's wife, who is having an affair with the owner. She arrives to find her husband waiting for her, disguised in a red beard, revealing that he was Angela's attacker at the beginning of the film. He reveals to his wife that when he learned of the affair he murdered her lover with a pair of scissors and had set Angela up to take the fall by luring her to the apartment, and exploiting what he had discovered about her past during hypnotherapy sessions. Carter convinces his horrified but politically ambitious wife to go along with the frame, and they set out to find the scissors used in the murder, since it may be used as evidence against him, leaving the main door to the apartment open in the process. While wandering in a trance-like state, Angela ventures through the door closing it behind her and trapping Carter and his wife inside. Dr. Carter attempts to lure Angela back by posing as Billy, to no avail. Outside Angela is rescued by Alex, who had tracked her to the apartment's address. The film ends with a trapped Carter banging the scissors furiously against the glass of the window, a liberated Angela looking back with a vengeful smile."] ['The film opens with United States Undersecretary of Defense Michael Bergstrom , who commits suicide after discovering that he has tested positive for HIV. Angela Bennett  is a Venice, California systems analyst who telecommutes to Cathedral Software in San Francisco. Her interpersonal relationships are completely online and on the phone, limiting interactions with neighbors, and her mother  who is institutionalized with Alzheimer\'s disease. Bennett\'s coworker Dale sends her a floppy disk with a backdoor, labeled with "π", to a commonly used computer security system called "Gatekeeper" sold by Gregg Microsystems. Dale and Bennett agree to meet, but his private plane\'s navigation system malfunctions and it crashes. Bennett travels to Cozumel, Mexico on vacation, where she meets Jack Devlin . Devlin pays a mugger to steal Bennett\'s purse with the disk, then shoots the thief. He seduces Bennett on his speedboat, but she finds his gun and confronts him. While fleeing with the disk and Devlin\'s wallet Bennett\'s dinghy collides with rocks, destroying the disk and hospitalizing her, unconscious, for three days. When Bennett wakes up, she finds that all records of her life have been deleted: She was checked out of her hotel room, her car is no longer at the LAX parking lot, and her credit cards are invalid. Bennett\'s home is empty and listed for sale and, because none of the neighbors ever saw her, they cannot confirm her identity. Bennett\'s Social Security number is now assigned to a "Ruth Marx", who has an arrest record. Another woman has taken her identity at Cathedral; the impostor offers Bennett her old life back in exchange for the disk. She contacts the only other person who knows her by sight, psychiatrist and former lover Alan Champion . He checks her into a hotel, offers to contact a friend at the FBI, and arranges to have her mother moved for her safety. Using her knowledge of the backdoor and a password found in Devlin\'s wallet, Bennett logs into the Bethesda Naval Hospital\'s computers and learns that Bergstrom, who had opposed Gatekeeper\'s use by the federal government, was misdiagnosed. Fellow hacker "Cyberbob" identifies π with the "Praetorians", a notorious group of cyberterrorists linked to recent computer failures around the country. They plan to meet at Pacific Park on the Santa Monica Pier, but the Praetorians intercept their online chat. Bennett escapes from Devlin&mdash;a contract killer for the cyberterrorists&mdash;at the park, but the Praetorians kill Champion by tampering with pharmacy and hospital computer records. After Bennett is arrested by the California Highway Patrol a man identifying himself as Champion\'s FBI friend frees her from jail, but she discovers he is an impostor and escapes again. Now wanted for murder, Bennett travels to Cathedral\'s office where, using her impostor\'s computer, she connects the terrorists to Gregg Microsystems and uncovers their scheme; once the Praetorians sabotage an organization\'s computer system, Gregg sells his Gatekeeper product to them and gains unlimited access through the backdoor. Bennett emails evidence of the backdoor to the FBI from the Moscone Center and tricks Devlin into crashing Gregg\'s mainframe, undoing the erasing of her identity. They battle on the convention center\'s catwalks, where Devlin accidentally shoots and kills Marx. Bennett then ambushes Devlin with a fire extinguisher, causing him to fall. The film closes with Bennett reunited with her mother and the conspiracy exposed.'] ['FBI agent Jake Malloy is pursuing a serial killer who specializes in killing police officers. Malloy\'s former partner becomes one of the victims. While Malloy is at his partner\'s home, the murderer calls Malloy from Malloy\'s home while Mary, his girlfriend, is there. The killer tells Malloy that he pursued him four years before for a series of prostitute murders; he is holding a grudge and is going to kill Mary. Malloy rushes home to find Mary dead. When the killer\'s hideout is found, Seattle police and the FBI blockade the area before Malloy arrives. Malloy pursues the killer only to find that he appears to have committed suicide. Three months later, Malloy descends into alcoholism over Mary\'s murder. After Malloy slits his wrists in an unsuccessful suicide attempt, his best friend and supervising officer, Agent Chuck Hendricks, enrolls Malloy in a rehabilitation program designed for law enforcement officers. The clinic was formerly an abandoned military base. Dr. John "Doc" Mitchell, a former cop and recovering alcoholic, established the rehab center as a way of dealing with his own problems. Hendricks stays in Wyoming to ensure Malloy will be okay. Malloy meets several other officers who are patients in the clinic, including Peter Noah, an arrogant and paranoid ex-SWAT officer, Frank Slater, a cynical, opinionated British police officer, Willie Jones, a religious homicide detective, Jaworski, an alcoholic narcotics cop who attempted suicide, Lopez, a bad-mouthed LAPD officer and McKenzie, an elderly member of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police who saw his partner get killed. He also meets several staff members, including Doc\'s assistant and mechanic Hank and compassionate resident psychiatrist and nurse Jenny Munroe, whom Malloy develops a bond with. A blizzard seals them in the rehab center with no outside communication. The next day, Jenny finds the body of Connor, one of the troubled patients who apparently killed himself. Jenny suspects otherwise, believing Connor would have come to her. The next morning Hank finds the body of Carl Brandon, another patient. Brandon also seems to have killed himself, but Malloy finds that he did not kill himself. Doc locks up the surviving patients while he reviews their files. Jenny informs Doc that Jack Bennett, a deranged employee who was a former patient in the clinic, is missing along with a snowmobile. Malloy convinces Jenny to lock her room. After Doc is killed by a man wielding an axe, everyone but Malloy and Jenny think Jack is the killer. Malloy opens the safe and hands the surviving cops their sidearms. Hendricks finds a body in a frozen lake, and learns from the owner of a nearby fishing shop that the victim was a cop. Hendricks and the owner of the shop return to the clinic. Hank, along with the clinic\'s cook Manny and helper Gilbert, volunteer to drive through the blizzard in a pickup truck to get outside help. Malloy wants Jenny to leave as well, but she refuses. While driving away, Hank sees something in front of him and veers away from it. The truck slides off the icy road, crashing into a tree at the bottom of a ravine. Malloy and Jenny hear the crash, and Malloy hands a gun to Jenny before investigating. Malloy finds Manny murdered after he survived the crash. Malloy also finds Jack\'s body, the object that caused Hank to crash the truck. Malloy is startled by Gilbert approaching behind him. Gilbert, alive but scared, flees while Malloy rushes back to the clinic. McKenzie, who is patrolling the old execution chamber, finds the machine activated. The killer electrocutes McKenzie, deactivating the building\'s power and heating system. Malloy forces everyone except Jenny to their cells as he realizes one of the cops is a killer impersonating a patient. Suspecting the man responsible is Mary\'s killer, Malloy exams Connor\'s body in the kitchen. Remembering the killer saying, "I see you, but you don\'t see me", Malloy looks inside Connor\'s eyelids and finds "I" on one eyelid and "CU" on the other. As Malloy and Jenny return to the cells, Hank, thinking Malloy might be the killer, knocks him out. He locks Malloy in Slater\'s cell and releases everyone else. Malloy finds a vent, but as he uses a matchbook to light the cell, Malloy learns it came from a Seattle restaurant, which reveals Slater as the killer as he is the only patient who smokes. Malloy escapes the cell and finds the missing badges above Slater\'s room, which he collects as trophies. After establishing his innocence, Malloy has Jones and Lopez conduct patrol while Jaworski stays with Jenny in the patient room. Malloy heads into tunnels beneath the facility. Hank, Noah and Slater go to the tunnels to retrieve logs for heating, unaware that Slater is the killer. Slater encounters them and convinces them to split up before killing each of them. As Malloy patrols the tunnels, Slater taunts him over a CB radio and lures Malloy to Noah\'s hung body where he finds the other radio. Slater is about to leave the clinic, but hears Jenny calling out Malloy\'s name. Malloy learns that Slater is at the tunnel\'s trap door and rushes to save her. Outside the installation, Hendricks and the fishing shop owner find Gilbert alive and bring him inside the snowcat before arriving at the rehab center. Hendricks sees Jenny\'s foot tracks and follows them. Jenny runs to a nearby shed, hiding from Slater. Malloy arrives, telling Jenny to stay inside the shed. Slater catches Hendricks before Malloy catches him from behind. Slater jumps into the shed and knocks Jenny out and wounds Hendricks. Malloy and Slater confront each other, with Malloy ultimately killing Slater. Jenny regains consciousness and helps the wounded Hendricks walk to the clinic with Malloy, whose left arm was stabbed during the fight, following them. Malloy stops for the moment and puts the ring where he was planning to propose Mary with on the tree breach before walking away from it.'] ["Young, well-intentioned Barry Kohler  stumbles upon a secret organization of Third Reich war criminals holding clandestine meetings in Paraguay and realizes that Dr Josef Mengele , the infamous Auschwitz doctor, is among their number. He phones Ezra Lieberman , an aging Nazi hunter living in Austria, with this information. A highly skeptical Lieberman tries to brush Kohler's claims aside, telling him that it is a long-established fact that Mengele is dead. Having learned when and where the next meeting to include Mengele is scheduled to occur, Kohler records part of it using a hidden microphone, but is discovered and killed while making another phone call to Lieberman. Aware that something is wrong, Lieberman follows Kohler's leads and begins travelling throughout Europe and North America to investigate the suspicious deaths of a number of middle-aged civil servants. He meets several of their widows and is amazed to find an uncanny resemblance in their adopted, black-haired, blue-eyed sons. It is also made clear throughout the film that, at the time of their deaths, all the civil servants were aged around 65 and had a cold, domineering, and abusive attitude towards their adopted sons, while their wives were aged around 42 and doted on the sons. Lieberman gains insight from Frieda Maloney , an incarcerated former Nazi guard who worked with the adoption agency, before realizing during a meeting with Professor Bruckner , an expert on cloning, the terrible truth behind the Nazi plan: Mengele, in the 1960s, had secluded several surrogate mothers in a Brazilian clinic and fertilised them with ova each carrying a sample of Hitler's DNA preserved since World War II. 94 perfect clones of Hitler had then been born and sent to different parts of the world for adoption. As Lieberman uncovers more of the plot, Mengele's superiors become more unnerved. After Mengele happens to meet  one of the agents he believes is in Europe implementing his scheme, Mengele's principal contact, Eduard Seibert , informs him that the scheme has been aborted before Lieberman can expose it to the authorities. Mengele storms out, pledging that the operation will continue. Seibert and his men go to set fire to Mengele's jungle estate after killing his servants and guards. Mengele himself, however, has already left, intent on trying to continue his plan. He travels to rural Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, where one of the Hitler clones, Bobby Wheelock , lives on a farm with his parents. There he murders the boy's father , a Doberman dog breeder, and lies in wait for Lieberman, who is on his way to the farm to warn Mr. Wheelock of Mengele's intention to kill him. The instant Lieberman arrives and sets eyes on Mengele, he attacks the doctor in a fury. But Mengele soon gains the upper hand and holds him at gunpoint. He taunts Lieberman by explaining his plan to return Hitler to the world. Then, with one desperate lunge, Lieberman opens the closet where the Dobermans are held and turns them loose. The dogs corner Mengele and begin to attack him. At that point, Bobby arrives home from school. It is Mengele's first look at one of his clones. Bobby calls off the dogs and tries to find out what has happened. Bobby can tell from the carnage that something is amiss. The injured Mengele tells Bobby how much he admires him, and explains that he is cloned from Hitler. But Bobby doubts his story and is also suspicious because the dogs are trained to attack anyone who threatens his family. Lieberman tells Bobby that Mengele has killed his father and urges him to notify the police. Bobby checks the house and eventually finds his dead father in the basement. He rushes back upstairs and sets the vicious dogs on Mengele once again, relishing his bloody death. Bobby then proceeds to help Lieberman, whom Mengele has shot and wounded, but only after Lieberman promises not to tell the police about the incident. Later, while recovering from his wounds, Lieberman is encouraged by an American Nazi-hunter, David Bennett  to expose Mengele's scheme to the world. He asks Lieberman to turn over the list  identifying the names and whereabouts of the other boys from around the world, so that they can be systematically killed before growing up to become bloody tyrants. Lieberman objects on the grounds that they are mere children. He burns the list before anyone can read it. In the final scene, Bobby is shown in his darkroom, absorbed and excited by photographs that he has taken of Mengele's body after it has been savaged by the dogs."] ['All Paris is frightened by the murders attributed to "Bluebeard". Modiste Lucille  is introduced to Gaston Morrell , a puppeteer and painter, by her friend. They are attracted to each other, and she accepts a commission to design some costumes for his puppets. At home, Morrell is confronted by a jealous Renee , who performs in Morrell\'s puppet show and is his lover. When she wonders what became of the models who had posed for him, he strangles her, then dumps her body in the Seine River. Art dealer Jean Lamarte  is aware of Morrell\'s homicidal tendencies, but keeps his secret, as Morrell\'s paintings fetch high prices. However, the normally discreet Lamarte makes a mistake in selling Morrell\'s last work to a duke. When the duke exhibits his collection, a policeman on guard recognizes the portrait as being that of one of Bluebeard\'s victims. Inspector Lefevre  of the Sûreté calls in one of his best undercover agents, Francine , who happens to be Lucille\'s sister. She and her "father" go to Lamarte to have her portrait done. Lamarte is on his guard, but her father is willing to pay a very large commission to find the man responsible for the duke\'s painting, and Lamarte\'s greed overcomes his caution. Morrell has decided to give up painting  out of love for Lucille, but Lamarte pressures him into one last picture to make him financially independent. However, Francine recognizes him, having met him briefly earlier at her sister\'s apartment, and Morrell has no choice but to dispose of her. Certain that Francine and her father were working for the police, Lamarte tries to flee, but Morrell catches him and kills him too, before escaping. The only clue he leaves behind is the cravat he used to strangle Francine. At Francine\'s funeral, Inspector Lefevre shows Lucille the cravat. She knows it belongs to Morrell, as she had mended it for him. When she confronts Morrell, he tells her the story behind his crimes. As a starving art student, he had nursed back to health a woman who had fainted, fallen in love with her, and painted her portrait. She left without warning. When his painting was chosen to hang in the Louvre, he searched for her to tell her the news, only to discover that she was a prostitute. Enraged by her contemptuous response, he strangled her. But ever since then, every model he painted turned into her in his mind, and he was compelled to kill her again and again. When Lucille tells him she is going to the authorities, he starts strangling her too, but the police break in. Lefevre saw that Lucille recognized the cravat and had her followed. After a chase across the rooftops, Morrell falls to his death into the Seine.'] ['After his cousin Joe dies, Layne Vassimer and his girlfriend Macy, along with their friends Stephen, Maurice, Iris and Katrina, decide to clean up Joe\'s house with the intention of selling it. When they see it for the first time, they discover the house completely covered in plates of iron armor. The group also finds crop circles in the nearby cornfield. When Iris, one of their friends, suddenly disappears they realize something is really wrong. During a blackout, the house is attacked by aliens, who had previously killed Joe and abducted Iris. The group figures out the aliens are allergic to iron, Joe had covered the house in it to keep them out. They attempt to fight the aliens off, but the house is eventually blown up with Layne, Macy, and Katrina the only survivors. In the end, they drive off, listening to the radio. They hear a news report stating that the blackout they experienced affects five western states and parts of Canada. They also hear that people everywhere are being attacked by "strange creatures."'] ['{{Plot}} Sara Matthews  is starting her freshman year of college. She meets Tracy , Stephen , her love interest, and Rebecca , her roommate. Initially, the girls begin to bond and Rebecca learns that Sara had an older sister, Emily, who died when Sara was 9. Sara has Emily\'s name tattooed on her body. She also has an ex-boyfriend, Jason , who keeps calling her to try to reconcile. As time goes on, Rebecca\'s obsession with Sara grows which causes her to become increasingly violent and that she tries to drive away anyone who could come between them. Rebecca attacks Tracy in the shower and threatens to kill her unless she stays away from Sara. Tracy moves to another dorm, fearful of Rebecca. An old friend of Sara named Irene, who is also a lesbian, invites her to move in with them, but when Sara tells that to Rebecca, she plans to insure that Sara will stay with her by taking Sara\'s pet kitten, Cuddles, and puts him in a dryer . Rebecca lies to Sara and tells her that the kitten ran away. When Sara\'s philandering fashion design professor  kisses her, Rebecca plans to get the professor out of the picture to impress Sara by seducing him while recording their dialogue on a tape recorder to make it look like he was sexaully abusing her. Later Rebecca lies once again to Sara by telling her she went looking for Cuddles but was raped and beaten bruatly by a street thug, when in reality, the wounds on Rebecca\'s body are self-inflicted. Sara feels bad for her and decides to spend the Thanksgiving with Rebecca. During her stay, Sara overhears a conversation between Rebecca and her father , hinting Rebecca has had trouble making friends in the past. Rebecca\'s mother  mentions that Rebecca is supposed to be taking medication. Later, Sara and Rebecca encounter Maria , an old friend of Rebecca whom Sara bares a striking resemblance to. She and Stephen later find a bottle of Zyprexa pills, which they find out  is used to treat schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. But the bottle is full, implying that Rebecca didn\'t take any pills. Sara, worried what would happen decides to move in with Irene. Irene  goes to a club where she sees Rebecca. They make out in the club\'s bathroom and Irene, not knowing that Rebecca is Sara\'s roommate, goes back to her place. The following morning, Sara goes to Irene\'s place but she\'s not there. Rebecca gets Sara\'s sister\'s name tattooed in the same place on her body as Sara, saying that Sara can now think of Rebecca as her sister. A shocked Sara realizes that Rebecca is obsessed with her and packs all her things, except her sister\'s necklace, which she can\'t find . Jason arrives at Sara\'s dorm and slips a note under her door, saying that he wants to see her. Rebecca reads the note, impersonates Sara with her sister\'s necklace and tattoo, and dyes her hair to look like Sara. She then goes to Jason\'s hotel room, and stabs him. Later, Sara gets a text from Irene, saying she needs her right away. Sara informs Stephen she will be at Irene\'s place. When she gets there, she finds Irene held hostage by Rebecca with a pistol. Rebecca reveals that she was responsible for what happened to Tracy, Cuddles, the professor, and Jason and that she did it all to win Sara\'s friendship. When Sara apologizes, Rebecca forgives her, but wants to kill Irene in order to finally have Sara all to herself. Stephen arrives just in time to help stop Rebecca from pulling the trigger on Irene. In the ongoing struggle, Stephen is knocked unconscious and Sara is left dangling out of the window. Although Rebecca pulls Sara back to safety, Sara reaches for the pistol to shoot Rebecca, knowing how homicidal she is and that she will continue to harm others close to her; however, the cartridge is empty. Enraged at this, Rebecca picks up Sara and attempts to squeeze her to death, but Sara stabs Rebecca in the back with a boxcutter whispering "You were never my friend." And kills her. Sara moves back into her dorm and moves the extra bed out of her room, proclaiming that she does not want a roommate for a while.'] ['After her lover commits suicide, Julianne runs away from her life in the city and moves in the small ghost town of Jerome, Arizona. She purchases an abandoned brothel from the turn of the century, and sets to work turning it into a hotel—but in the process of restoring the past, she comes to know the ghosts of the brothel.http://brothelthemovie.com/story.htm The film was shown at the fourteenth Sedona Film Festival.'] ["Patrick Quid  is a truck driver, assigned with delivering a shipment of meat across the Nullarbor Plain to Perth. He begins to notice the suspicious behavior of a green van, which he spots at various places along his journey. When he learns of a serial killer at large in the area, he begins to suspect the driver of the van. Quid picks up a hitchhiker, Pamela Rushworth , and the two discuss their theories on the killer. When they spot the van parked near the restrooms of a service station, Quid investigates. Spotting a pair of feet beneath the cubicle door, he assumes the killer is inside. Meanwhile, Pamela investigates the van, only to discover the killer inside, who kidnaps her. The man in the restroom turns out to be an innocent traveller. Quid takes pursuit of the van, and notices that the driver and Pamela seem to have struck up a conversation. This leads Quid to believe the van driver was innocent all along, and that his speculations were false. His pursuit is soon stalled when he gets stuck behind a slow moving car. Later that night, Quid notices the van parked off the side of the road and pulls over to investigate. He hears people giggling in the bushes nearby and assumes that Pamela and the van driver are engaging in intercourse. When he breaks into the van to investigate an esky which he presumes contains body parts, and finds it actually contains food, he rests his suspicions. Quid arrives at the outskirts of Perth, and whilst reporting to the weigh station, spots the van watching his movements, whilst several police cars linger in the area. He follows the van through the streets of Perth, trailed by the police. Eventually the van reaches a dead end, and Quid's truck becomes stuck in the narrow alleys. The van driver approaches Quid's truck and smashes the headlights with a shovel, but the truck suddenly frees itself and collides with the van. The driver tries strangling Quid with a garotte but Quid manages to disarm him. The police swoop in when he begins to strangle the van driver with the same implement. Initially Quid is presumed to be the killer, but when Pamela is retrieved from the van, bound and gagged, she informs the police that the van driver is actually the killer . Later on, after the meat has been removed from Quid's trailer , a cleaning woman is seen to be busy scrubbing the floor when a head of a woman suddenly drops from the ceiling. The killer had stored body parts in Quid's trailer, hence his keen interest in observing Quid's movements."] ['After killing his mother and sister and ritualistically arranging their bodies as a sacrifice to Satan, Devil worshipper "Vassago"  invokes a Satanic verse in a room filled with candles and Satanic imagery. He then commits suicide by throwing himself onto an athame in order to damn his soul. Hatch Harrison  is on a drive with his family. Harrison gets into a car accident and is pronounced dead, only to be revived two hours later by specialist Dr. Jonas Nyebern . His wife Lindsay , and daughter Regina , were also involved in the car accident but escaped without serious injuries. After the accident and subsequent revival, Harrison begins to experience mysterious visions. These involve him seeing murders through the eyes of a killer. Harrison realizes that the murders are actually happening when the women he sees being murdered are announced as missing in news reports. The character Harrison sees committing the murders is later shown to be the same character who committed suicide in the opening sequence. The character, who is identified as Vassago, talks to Harrison\'s daughter at a night club, which Harrison sees in his visions. Harrison attempts to stop Vassago from murdering only to be told that he is experiencing mental problems by his family, his psychiatrist, and the police. Harrison visits a psychic  who confirms his beliefs and tells him that Vassago is also having visions in which he can see through Harrison\'s eyes. It is then revealed that Vassago, whose real name is Jeremy Nyebern, is the son of Dr. Nyebern and who had killed his mother and two sisters. After his suicide , he had also been revived from the dead by his father. Vassago then kidnaps Regina, taking her to an abandoned amusement park where he kills his father after being confronted by him. As Harrison and his wife find them, the souls of Vassago and Harrison collide in battle. Harrison, revealing himself to Vassago as "Uriel," Vassago\'s antithesis, is the victor, killing Vassago, saving Regina, and with his family safe, exits the park with his family.'] ['The film begins with a meeting between wealthy heiress Linnet Ridgeway  and her close friend Jacqueline de Bellefort . Jackie wants her fiancé, Simon Doyle , to work for Linnet. But he and Linnet have a whirlwind affair and end up marrying. While honeymooning in Egypt, they are continually hounded by a jilted Jackie. In an attempt to get away, the Doyles board a Nile paddle steamer, the S.S. Karnak. When the passengers venture off-shore to examine a nearby temple, a large stone is pushed off a pillar and narrowly misses Simon and Linnet. They again encounter Jackie, who boards the ship and ignores the warnings of detective Hercule Poirot  to stay away, revealing that she carries a small pistol. After a late-night game of cards in the ship\'s lounge, Jackie confronts Simon. She shoots him in a drunken rage and hits him in the leg. The next morning, Linnet Ridgeway is discovered murdered in her cabin, shot in the head by a similar weapon, with almost everyone aboard the S.S. Karnak having had a reason to want to do away with the heiress. The pistol has meanwhile gone missing.  * The elderly Mrs. van Schuyler  coveted Linnet\'s jewels. * Miss Bowers , was forced into a life of servitude when Linnet’s father destroyed her family. * The maid, Louise Bourget , was upset because Linnet refused her a promised dowry. * James Ferguson , a Communist, resented Linnet\'s life of luxury. * Eccentric novelist Salome Otterbourne  faced a libel suit brought by Linnet . * The author\'s daughter Rosalie  wanted to protect her mother. * American lawyer Andrew Pennington  had embezzled from the Ridgeway family. * Dr. Ludwig Bessner  was upset because Linnet made defamatory remarks about his clinic. * Jacqueline de Bellefort was upset with Linnet for obvious reasons. Poirot admits he found out all this by being a "nasty eavesdropper." Now it’s up to the Belgian sleuth, along with his vacationing friend Colonel Race , who was representing Linnet\'s British lawyers and investigating Pennington, to solve the mystery.  Jackie is a natural suspect but has a perfect alibi, having been sedated and observed by Miss Bowers all night. Simon Doyle was also unable to commit the crime due to his leg wound. Poirot is convinced someone on deck overheard the argument, removed the gun and used it to kill Linnet. A bundle had been found in the Nile. The missing pistol is wrapped in Mrs. van Schuyler\'s stole, which was apparently used to muffle the sound of a gunshot and prevent scorching, as seen around Linnet\'s injury. A handkerchief was also included, stained with red ink, some of which was found in Linnet\'s pearl nail-varnish bottle. While Poirot and Race conduct their investigation, the maid Louise is murdered. Her throat has been cut with one of Dr. Bessner\'s scalpels and a fragment of a banknote is found in her hand. Poirot realizes she probably saw the murderer coming out of Linnet\'s cabin and attempted to extort money in return for her silence. Salome Otterbourne claims to have seen Louise\'s murderer and is about to tell Poirot when she is shot in the head through an open cabin door with Pennington\'s revolver, too large to have been used on Linnet.  With several suspects eliminated, Poirot gathers everyone in the saloon, where he reveals the solution — Simon Doyle murdered his wife, with Jacqueline as his accomplice. Poirot reveals that Simon and Jackie were still lovers, and his marriage to Linnet had been cleverly plotted in order to gain her money. They faked Simon\'s shooting, leaving him free to murder Linnet while the doctor was being fetched by Ferguson and as Jacqueline was attended to by Miss Bowers. Simon was left alone long enough to run to Linnet\'s room, shoot her in the head, return to the lounge and shoot himself in the leg through the stole - a third shot of which no one was aware. Jackie covered up. She stole the knife and revolver, then killed the maid and Salome Otterbourne. Simon and Jackie point out that Poirot has no proof, so Poirot convinces Simon that his hands could be tested for grains of gunpowder removed with wax. When they realize that they have been found out, they confess, and in a final love embrace, Jackie covertly takes back her pistol and shoots Simon, then herself. Later Poirot says goodbye to the remaining guests, reveals that the test was made-up, and Rosalie and Ferguson announce that they are engaged.'] ["Newly weds Dick  and Gina  decide to head across the Nevada desert for their honeymoon, driving at night to beat the heat. Before they head off, a stranger warns Dick to be careful, as couples have been known to get lost, and to stick to the Interstate. Shortly afterward, the couple realize they are heading the wrong way and turn off the highway onto another road. Dick turns off the car headlights to drive by starlight and Gina masturbates herself to orgasm as they head across the desert. Eventually Dick turns the lights back on, immediately swerving to avoid a figure in the middle of the road. Investigating, they find a man severely injured from a car accident. Unable to get a phone signal, they decide to drive him to a hospital themselves, only for the road to come to a sudden end a few miles ahead. During the drive, the couple argue and the injured man awakens with a scream. He asks Gina for a cigarette, advises her to leave her husband and becomes increasingly erratic, finally attempting to strangle Dick and almost causing the car to crash. Gina stops the car and the two men tumble out, continuing to fight until Dick beats the stranger to death with a rock. Dick convinces his wife they need to dispose of the body, and together they bury it in a shallow grave. While she fills the hole, Dick finds a revolver in her handbag. Soon after, they arrive at a rest area where several cars are parked. They tidy themselves up and argue until Dick discovers he lost his watch while they were burying the stranger. Refusing to go back, Gina waits at the rest stop with the gun while Dick returns to find his watch. Arriving at the site where they hid the body, Dick finds the grave empty. Gunshots ring out across the desert and Dick races back to the rest stop to find Gina is missing. Nearby, he stumbles onto a woman's grave and realizes that the other cars are rusted and covered with dust. In a panic, he flees, almost colliding head-on with a deputy sheriff . In the back of the police car, he rides with the deputy to a crime scene, where police are excavating murder victims from a mass grave surrounded by abandoned vehicles. The deputy explains that this was where the rest area had been 30 years before. Dick recognizes the spot as the location where he buried the stranger. As he watches on from the back of the police car, a deputy exhumes Gina's body and finds Dick's watch. Dick kicks his way out of the patrol car and escapes in one of the nearby vehicles, leading the squad of police in a chase across the desert. Driving with the lights off, he loses them, only to lose control and roll the car. Thrown clear of the wreck, he is then almost run down by another car before he passes out. Some time later, Dick wakes to find himself in the back of his own car, listening to himself and Gina argue, and realizes that he was the mysterious stranger that he fought with and murdered earlier in the evening."] ['{{plot}} A young American computer engineer  acquires a mobile phone that receives strange text messages. First they encourage him to miss his flight which he then learns crashed soon after takeoff. Then the messages direct him to buy a certain stock, which he then learns increases by 313%. Next, he is directed to a hotel/casino in Prague to gamble. He first wins one-hundred thousand Euro on a slot machine and then bets the entire amount on a hand of blackjack, which he wins. Both bets are made on the basis of further text messages he receives on his new phone. Max then has an altercation with a beautiful woman  and her jealous boyfriend in the hotel corridor, where he is knocked-out and his mysterious phone is apparently scanned. Max wakes up with the woman, Kamila, smiling above him. He immediately asks her out for a drink. To further his new-found career in gambling, Max enlists the aid of a Russian cabbie/apparent e-gadget enthusiast, Yuri , who outfits him with a text-to-voice earpiece to wirelessly receive his anonymous and lucrative text messages. His lucky streak continues when he hits the 3 million Euro jackpot on a slot machine but is forced to run away when casino security led by John Reed  attempts to detain him. This chase is ended by the intervention of FBI Agent Dave Grant  who handcuffs Max and interrogates him for information about the phone. Max is frightened, but unable to provide any information. At this point Agent Grant contacts Raymond Burke  of the NSA, who is apparently monitoring Max because he is receiving messages from an omniscient communication surveillance computer system known as Echelon. These messages have been responsible for the deaths of several Americans, most recently an IT specialist working in the Pentagon. Burke recently lost a battle to pass a bill in Congress that would allow Echelon to be upgraded by being uploaded into personal computers worldwide. Burke eventually decides that Max knows too much and must be eliminated, however, Reed and the beautiful woman from the hotel – now revealed as Reed\'s associate – come to Max\'s aid and spirit him away to Moscow. There Max re-connects with the techie Yuri and tries to get his help in discovering who is sending the messages. Yuri believes that the messages are coming directly from the computer itself, and that the system has achieved some kind of autonomous self-awareness. Max and Reed object to his idea, but they are forced to flee when more armed men arrive at Yuri\'s apartment. A Moscow car chase ensues. The chase ends with Reed outmaneuvering and eventually blowing-up the chase cars, which happen to be led by Agent Grant. Grant escapes injury, but Max seizes the moment to inflict some payback for their previous encounter. Grant asks Max to help him stop Echelon, as he has now also begun to receive threatening texts. Max then receives another text, instructing him to return to Omaha, Nebraska, where he first worked as a computer security engineer. Max, Grant and Reed all fly home on a military aircraft. Arriving in Omaha, the group finds a sealed-up, bunker-like structure with a cache of servers and a high-end computer system that Max helped install years earlier. The property is revealed to belong to another victim of Echelon\'s messages, the same person whose credit card was used to send Max the phone. Max starts up the bunker\'s computer and is instructed via text to fire up the servers and connect them to the network. Echelon then begins downloading itself into the bunker\'s computers and begins a countdown to replicate itself across the world wide computer network. Agent Grant calls Burke at the NSA to inform him, but Burke is content to let the Echelon replicate itself worldwide, in the interests of US national security. Grant and Reed break ranks with Burke at this point and Burke sends back other FBI agents to detain them. Meanwhile, Max is failing to stop Echelon\'s replication countdown, until he takes an idea from the 1968 Star Trek episode The Ultimate Computer. Max asks the computer what its primary purpose is and it replies to defend the US, as defined by the Constitution. Max then asks the computer to search for threats to the US Constitution, and it comes back with a plethora of articles concerning the recent attempts to secure Congressional approval to upgrade Echelon, which is characterized as a grave threat to personal freedoms. At the point when the download is complete, Echelon "learns" that it is itself the threat and executes its own shutdown. The film ends with Agent Grant and Reed sending Max and Kamila off to Paris, while Burke is subpoenaed to appear before the Senate intelligence committee. The final cryptic scene is back in Moscow, where the techie Yuri is unveiled as a Captain in the Russian Security Service. In a conversation  with his apparent commanding officer he is commended for his actions. Yuri replies that they will soon try to start it again but, for today, they have helped the Americans to make the right decision; "I would like to believe", he adds cryptically, and at that moment turns off his mobile phone.'] ['In 1988, Dade "Zero Cool" Murphy  is arrested and charged with crashing 1,507 systems in one day and causing a single-day 7-point drop in the New York Stock Exchange. Upon conviction, his family is fined with $45,000 and he is banned from owning or operating computers or touch-tone telephones until his 18th birthday. Shortly before Dade  turns 18, his mother  takes a job in New York City. Upon turning 18, Dade calls a local television station, dupes the security guard into giving him the modem\'s phone number (a tactic known as [[Social engineering  and successfully hacks into the station\'s computer network, changing the current TV program to an episode of The Outer Limits. However, Dade is "attacked" by a hacker  on the same network. During the conversation, Dade identifies himself by the new alias, Crash Override, to hide his old alias as Zero Cool. Dade enrolls at Stanton High School, where he meets Kate Libby , who is assigned to take him on a tour of the school. After Dade learns that Kate is "Acid Burn", they feud over who is the better hacker. The real trouble begins when Joey Pardella , the novice hacker of the group, successfully breaks into an Ellingson Mineral Company supercomputer  to prove to the rest of the group that he is an elite hacker. To validate this feat, he downloads part of a garbage file. Unfortunately, the company\'s IT employee Hal  detects this unauthorized entry and summons computer security officer Eugene "The Plague" Belford  to deal with the problem. He realizes the file being downloaded can prove that The Plague is stealing from the company via salami slicing. The Plague enlists the U.S. Secret Service to recover the file by claiming that it is the code to Da Vinci, a computer virus that will capsize the company\'s oil tanker fleet and he needs that code to destroy the virus. Joey is arrested and his computer is searched, but the Secret Service finds nothing, as Joey has hidden the disk containing the files. In response, Dade and Kate decide to settle their disagreements with a hacking duel, with hacks focused on harassing Secret Service Agent Richard Gill , a known enemy of hackers, who was involved in Joey\'s arrest. Kate and Dade\'s hacker friends—Ramon Sanchez a.k.a. "The Phantom Phreak," Emmanuel Goldstein a.k.a. "Cereal Killer", and Paul Cook a.k.a. "Lord Nikon" —act as judges. After being released on parole, Joey reveals the disk to Phantom Phreak in a public park; but they quickly realize that they are being followed by the Secret Service. The next day, Phreak is arrested. He uses his phone call to inform Kate that he hid the disk in a boy\'s bathroom at school. That evening, Kate and Cereal Killer ask Dade for his help; but, because of his record, he declines. Kate then asks Dade to copy the disk so that, if anyone else is arrested, they have the disk as evidence. After determining that Dade is not the one who hacked into Ellingson, The Plague attempts to enlist Dade\'s help to find the one who did. First, he offers Dade a free high-powered laptop. Later, he threatens to have Dade\'s mother incarcerated with a manufactured criminal record. At this, Dade agrees to deliver Kate\'s copy of the disk. Meanwhile, Kate, Lord Nikon, and Cereal Killer attempt to discern the contents of the disk. Dade joins them; and, after working all night, they learn the truth—it\'s designed to salami-slice $25 million from Ellingson transactions. Dade reveals that he knows Plague is behind this scheme, because he was the one who wanted Kate\'s copy of the disk. He admits he gave Plague the disk and reveals his history as Zero Cool. Determined to stop the scheme, the assembled hackers plan to hack the Gibson again. Kate and Dade go dumpster-diving for employee memos with passwords; Cereal Killer installs a hidden microphone in the Ellingson offices; and Nikon poses as a delivery boy wandering the Ellingson cubicles, memorizing employee passwords as they enter them. From the memos, they discover the Da Vinci virus is set to capsize the oil fleet the next day, which would provide the perfect cover to distract from the salami-slicing worm. In need of help, they seek out Razor and Blade, the producers of a hacker-themed pirate TV show, "Hack the Planet." The next morning, they evade the Secret Service and converge on Grand Central station, where they use payphones to begin their assault on the Gibson. At first, their attempts are easily rebuffed by Plague, who calls Dade to warn him to escape before he is arrested. However, Razor and Blade have contacted hackers around the world, who lend their support with virus attacks, distracting Plague long enough for Dade to download the incriminating file to a floppy disk. Shortly after crashing the Gibson, Dade and company are arrested. As they\'re being led away, Dade surreptitiously informs Cereal Killer, hiding in the crowd, that he\'s tossed the disk in a trashcan. As Dade and Kate are being interrogated, Razor and Blade jam the local television signals and broadcast live video of Cereal Killer, revealing the plot and Plague\'s complicity. Plague is arrested when he tries to flee to Japan under the alias "Mr. Babbage" . Their names cleared, Dade and Kate go on a date. Kate even wears a dress. While relaxing in a pool on the roof of a building, their friends show off their latest hack—the lights in several adjacent office buildings spell out "CRASH AND BURN."'] ["The film opens with Gene Watson, a mild-mannered, widowed accountant arriving with his daughter Lynn at the Union Station in Los Angeles. As Watson makes a payphone call informing an unidentified person that his train was late, two mysterious strangers in suits, known only as Mr. Smith and Ms. Jones, survey the station from a catwalk, discussing a yet-to-be-elaborated scheme. Noticing Watson retaliate against a skater who was harassing his daughter, Smith and Jones set their sights on him and swiftly approach the pair. Showing a badge, the two strangers convince Watson that they are police officers and whisk both father and daughter into a van without justification. Once in the vehicle, Watson begins to notice things aren't right and gets nervous, but Smith subsequently pistol whips him in the leg to get his attention. Smith then informs Watson that they will kill his daughter by 1:30 p.m. unless he murders a woman depicted in a photograph. He soon learns that the woman is State Governor Eleanor Grant and realizes that killing her would be a suicide mission. Once at the Bonaventure Hotel, where a campaign stop is being held, Watson makes several attempts to warn people about his situation, but Smith consistently follows him around, taunts and viciously beats him whenever he doesn't make a move. Watson manages to find a young campaign assistant, Krista Brooks, who believes Watson's story and encourages him to report the matter to the governor's husband, Brendan Grant. Once in his suite, however, Brendan and a campaign lobbyist appear to disbelieve the story, and before anything more can be said, the psychopathic Smith shows up in the room and fatally shoots Krista, causing a tense scuffle between Watson and Smith. Watson awakens after unconsciousness and finds nearly everyone on the campaign, including the governor's staff and husband, are involved in the plot, with an unnamed right-wing lobbyist masterminding it all in revenge for the governor not carrying out her campaign promises to his interests. Watson eventually finds disabled war veteran named Huey who polishes people's shoes at the hotel. While at first he doesn't believe Watson's story, Smith talks to Watson about the plot, believing Huey to be completely deaf according to a sign. Huey reluctantly assists Watson to get to Governor Grant's suite and advise her of the conspiracy. Although skeptical at first of Watson's story, she later notices Brendan act suspiciously about Krista's whereabouts and realizes Watson was telling the truth. Being hastened by her husband to make the last speech, the governor greets supporters in a ballroom when Watson takes out the gun, points it at a projector room where Smith is watching him and shoots at the window. This unleashes a panic in the ballroom, causing a stampede and brief shootout between Watson and the security people. Thinking that his wife is dead, Brendan openly gloats about the plot's success, only to find out in horror that she had heard everything, confirming her suspicions about him. In the meantime, Huey stalls the armed Jones, who is in the van with Watson's daughter, Lynn, after she can't get a signal from Smith. He then annoys her with a squeegee man scheme to the point of a violent confrontation. Lynn quickly tries to get out of the van when Smith opens the door and begins to shoot at her. Right after she hides under the seat, Watson appears and shoots Smith. Ailing from his wounds, Smith congratulates Watson for becoming a killer just before he's finished off in a coup de grace. Before Jones can get a clear shot at the father and daughter, Huey beats her unconscious with his prosthetic leg and wing tip shoe. An alternate TV scene  shows the governor thanking Watson and Huey for saving her life, but the penultimate scene shows the lobbyist/conspiracy mastermind stepping on Watson's broken wristwatch and leaving the hotel in a car."] ['Dave Garver  is a KRML radio jockey who broadcasts nightly from his studio in Carmel-by-the-Sea, California, often incorporating poetry into his program. One night, he visits his favorite bar and, seemingly by coincidence, meets a woman named Evelyn Draper . Dave offers to drive Evelyn home and she accepts; once there, she reveals to him that their meeting was not coincidental; she deliberately sought him out after hearing him mention his favorite bar on his radio show. He guesses that she is a frequent caller who always requests the jazz standard "Misty"; Evelyn confirms this and then coerces a clearly uncomfortable Dave into having sex with her. From that point on, Evelyn prominently displays her borderline personality disorderFatal Attraction syndrome and begins showing up at Dave\'s house uninvited. She frequently alternates between being in love with him and hating him. Despite the short duration of their affair, she thinks that he loved her and feels abandoned and lonely. She throws jealous temper tantrums, attempts suicide in his home, and destroys his carefully constructed career move into management. After Dave rejects her one time too many, Evelyn lets herself into his home when he is out. His housekeeper walks in to find her maniacally vandalizing his possessions; Evelyn viciously attacks her with a knife and is subsequently committed to a psychiatric hospital. For a time, all appears well; Dave has successfully rekindled his relationship with his ex-girlfriend, Tobie Williams , and Evelyn is nowhere to be seen. One night, however, Evelyn calls Dave to tell him that she has been released and is moving to Hawaii; she quotes Edgar Allan Poe\'s "Annabel Lee" in reference to her obsessive affection for him. Later, while Dave is asleep, she unsuccessfully attacks him in his home with a butcher knife and then flees. Dave contacts the police, who begin to search for her. The next day, Dave warns Tobie to stay away from him until Evelyn is caught; she reluctantly agrees to stay at home with her new roommate, a girl named Annabel. That night, Tobie realizes that Annabel is Evelyn in disguise when she notices the scars from Evelyn\'s suicide attempt. Evelyn takes Tobie hostage and murders Sgt. McCallum , who had come to check on the two women. Meanwhile at the radio station, Dave makes the connection between Tobie\'s roommate Annabel and the quote from "Annabel Lee" that Evelyn had earlier recited. Evelyn calls and mockingly tells him that she and Tobie are waiting for him; he switches from a live show to a tape and rushes to confront her. Arriving at his house, he finds Tobie bound and gagged. Evelyn attacks him again with the butcher knife & he tries to steal the knife away from her. He eventually punches her in the face, knocking her out a window and down a cliff. Dave and Tobie look down at Evelyn\'s battered body as Dave\'s voice on the taped radio show dedicates "Misty" to Evelyn one final time.'] ["A former police detective in New Orleans and a recovering alcoholic, Dave Robicheaux is living a quiet life in the swamplands of Louisiana with his wife Annie. The couple's tranquility is shattered one day when a drug smuggler's plane crashes in a lake, right before their eyes. Robicheaux succeeds in rescuing a lone survivor, a Salvadoran girl, whom he and Annie quickly adopt and name Alafair. With the arrival of a DEA officer named Dautrieve and an inherent connection to Bubba Rocque, the leading drug kingpin in the area and Robicheaux's childhood friend from New Iberia, Dave becomes involved in solving the case and consequently finds himself and his family in danger. Robicheaux is assaulted by two thugs as a warning. With help from his former girl-friend Robin, an exotic dancer who still has feelings for him, he continues to investigate. His longtime acquaintance Bubba denies any involvement, but Dave warns him and Bubba's sultry wife Claudette that he is going to find out who is behind all this and do something about it. He tracks down one of the men who attacked him, Eddie Keats, and splits his head open with a pool cue in Keat's own bar. Killers come to the Robicheaux home late one night. Robicheaux is unable to prevent his wife Annie from being killed. He falls off the wagon and neglects the young girl they adopted. Robin comes to stay with them. Clearing his head, Robicheaux seeks vengeance against the three killers. He first goes after a large man called Toot, chasing him onto a streetcar and causing his death. Bubba and Claudette reassure a local mob boss named Giancano that they will not let this vendetta get out of hand, and Bubba gets into a fistfight with Robicheaux, falsely suspecting him of an affair with Claudette. Eddie Keats is found dead before Robicheaux can get to him. Going after the last and most dangerous of the killers, Victor Romero, he knows that someone else must be giving them orders. He finds Romero and kills him. Then, going to Bubba's home, Robicheaux discovers that it is Claudette who planned the hit. Bubba shoots her, and Robicheaux calls in the crime."] ['Timid accountant Jonathan McQuarry  is an auditor working out of New York. One night while working late in a boardroom he meets a charismatic lawyer, Wyatt Bose , who befriends him over a joint. After a long conversation, Jonathan takes the subway home where he has a brief encounter with a blond woman ([[Michelle Williams  while waiting on the train. Upon returning home he notices a pipe in his bedroom is leaking and leaving a stain. Jonathan contacts Wyatt the next day and they play tennis after work. They meet again for lunch the next day and upon leaving, Wyatt takes Jonathan\'s mobile phone instead of his own, forcing a trade. He mentions he will be in London on business for the next few weeks. When Jonathan realizes the phones have been switched he attempts to contact Wyatt but does not reach him. He is soon contacted by a woman  who asks if he is free that night. He informs her that he is and agrees to meet her. When she arrives, they proceed directly to a hotel room upstairs and have sex. In the morning, Jonathan realizes that Wyatt must be on some type of exclusive sex club list. When Wyatt calls the next day, he encourages Jonathan to stay on the list. Jonathon has an encounter with an older woman  who explains more of the list\'s rules: the initiator pays for the room, no names are exchanged, there is no rough play. Participants are always anonymous, although Jonathan later spots the older woman on the cover of Forbes. Over the next few weeks, he has anonymous encounters with several women. One night after initiating another encounter, Jonathan is surprised to find that his partner is the blond woman he met while waiting for the train. He tells her that they had met once before, and instead of having sex, they order room service and talk for hours. The woman does not say her name but Jonathan assumes her name to begin with an "S" because of an S-shaped pendant on her handbag. The next day Jonathan rejects other callers from the list but when "S" calls again they agree to meet for dinner in Chinatown. They then proceed to a hotel where she requests some ice. When Jonathan returns to the room she is gone and there is blood on the bedsheets. Someone knocks him out from behind, but when he wakes up again the bed has been made. He contacts the police and explains to the Detective  that "S" is missing but that he has little to no information about her. She doubts his story, thinking that he is delusional. Jonathan tries to trace Wyatt, but Wyatt\'s boss and landlady claim not to know him. Upon returning home Jonathan is surprised to find Wyatt waiting for him and demanding that he steal $20 million from an investment firm he will begin to audit in a few days. Jonathan agrees to do so, fearing for the safety of "S". The following night at work, Jonathan receives a call asking if he is free. The woman calling is named Tina , an investment banker who once introduced Wyatt to the exclusive sex club list. She reveals that Wyatt\'s real name is Jamie Getz, and that they met when he was attending a private corporate event as a guest of Rudolph Holloway, an investment banker with whom Getz played tennis. Jonathan finds out through research that Getz murdered Holloway, strangling him with tennis strings, and also served three years in prison for insurance fraud and arson. Jonathan is later notified by the detective that a blond woman matching his earlier description was discovered dead. When he comes in to identify her, he sees that it is actually the first woman who called him, and that she was also strangled by tennis strings. Jonathan goes on to complete a wire transfer to a bank in Spain in his name, but secretly adds Wyatt\'s name as co-signer. When he returns home he notices that a picture Wyatt had sent of "S" being held captive was taken in his apartment before the pipe started leaking. He realizes that she must have been a conspirator and wisely avoids his apartment which explodes when the superintendent enters to fix the pipe. Now in Madrid, Wyatt impersonates Jonathan and attempts to withdraw the funds from the bank, but he is denied access because of the co-signer. Jonathan approaches Wyatt outside the bank and agrees to help him withdraw the funds if Wyatt splits it with him. Swapping identities, Jonathan and Wyatt cash in the $20 million in two $10 million suitcases. . After the transaction is complete, Jonathan offers Wyatt half of his money if Wyatt tells him where "S" is. Wyatt pretends to agree and lures Jonathan to an uncrowded area where he draws a gun on Jonathan. Before he is able to shoot Jonathan, Wyatt is shot by "S" who leaves quickly. Jonathan pursues her, leaving a dying Wyatt and the money behind. He begs her to talk to him but she rather call it off, apologizing to him as she did not know Wyatt\'s intent to kill Jonathan. "S" gets into a cab and leaves as Jonathan watches her go. In Madrid, Jonathan again crosses path with "S" and they exchange smiles. The film comes to a close as Jonathan walks to her and she stands waiting for him.'] ["Young actress Julie Sawyer  accidentally runs over a stray white German Shepherd dog one night. After the dog is treated by a vet, Julie takes him home while trying to find its owners. A rapist breaks into her house and tries to attack her, but the dog protects her so she decides to adopt him, against her boyfriend's  wishes. Unbeknownst to her, the dog was trained by a white racist to attack any and all black people on sight. It sneaks out of the house one night and kills a black trashman in an attack. Later, when Julie takes the dog to work with her, it attacks a black actress on the set. Realizing something is not right with the dog, Julie takes him to a dog trainer, Carruthers , who tells her to kill the dog. Another dog trainer named Keys , who is black himself, undertakes re-educating the dog as a personal challenge. He dons protective gear and keeps the dog in a large enclosure, taking him out on a chain and exposing himself to the dog each day and making sure he is the only one to feed or care for the dog. The dog manages to escape, and kills an elderly black man in a church, after which Keys manages to recover him, and opts not to turn the dog in to the authorities, but to continue the training, over Julie's protests. He warns her that the training has reached a critical point, where the dog might be cured or go insane. He believes that curing the dog will discourage white racists from training dogs like this, though there is no indication in the story that this is any kind of national problem . After a lengthy time, it seems as if the dog is cured, in that he is now friendly towards Keys. Julie confronts the dog's original owner, who has come to claim him, and who presumably trained him to attack black people. She angrily tells him the dog has been cured by a black man in front of his grandchildren, who only know the dog as a loving family pet. As Julie and Keys celebrate their victory, the dog brutally attacks Carruthers, who is white, and whom the dog had not previously shown aggression towards--no explanation for this is given, but the implication is that the dog's programming has somehow been reversed, though that was never Keys' intention. To save his employer's life, Keys is forced to shoot the dog, and the film ends with the image of his body lying in the center of the training enclosure."] ["At a small diner, several people are gathered. Noreen, a waitress, Lonnie, a cop, Jimmy, the owner, Billy and Starr, a couple on their way to elope, John, a salesman, and Hank, a quiet man. The radio is turned on and tells of four family members murdered gruesomely a county over. Noreen is shocked, wondering how someone could kill children. She talks to John, who reveals his wife died two years ago. Then she goes back to the counter and talks to Lonnie and Hank, complaining about her lazy husband. The cop flirtatiously offers to run away with her, but is rebuffed. A man in a black leather jacket comes in and sits. When his order of steak is denied, he gets angry, and Jimmy yells at him to leave if he doesn't like it. Noreen not so stealthily gets Lonnie to the back, and suggests the man could be the killer. The cop does not believe her, and the man approaches them to ask for more coffee. Noreen spills it betraying her nervousness, and Hank asks Lonnie to check out the man. Questioned, the man is antagonistic, belittles Lonnie and just wants to be left alone. Angry, Lonnie pulls a gun and demands answers, asking if he drives a black truck, but Hank confirms the man drives a red truck. Lonnie regrets his actions and apologizes, and explains. The man pays and leaves. Hank smokes in the bathroom, and Noreen and John talk. But the man comes back with a shotgun and kills Lonnie and Jimmy. He points it Noreen's face, but doesn't shoot after Noreen begs him not to. The man assembles the five remaining characters and demands their wallets, keys and cellphones. Noreen tries to keep one, but gets caught. Hank is ordered to drag Lonnie's body out. He doesn't want to, but does after being threatened. Afterwards, he says there are likely only 8 bullets in his handgun and 7 shells in his shotgun, and Hank wants everyone to rush him, but John is too scared. Greene comes in, and the man threatens him, but Greene stays cool and flippant, asking him if he finished the job, and gives him a suitcase of money. He tries to leave, but the man won't let him, saying he's not Smith. Greene is handcuffed to a chair, and the man asks about Smith and the money, but Greene doesn't want to answer, so the man beats him. When the shotgun is aimed at his crotch, Greene comes clean: he's a businessman who was buying up land to build a shopping mall. But one man wouldn't sell, worried about his partner wanting his money, he hired Smith to persuade the holdout. Smith killed the man, his wife, and his kids, the deaths on the radio. With no heirs, Greene could buy the land from the bank. After this, the man kills him. The man now suggests that one of them is Smith, and wants to know who. John volunteers to talk, but the man wants to talk to Hank first. He beats Hank, and sits him down without handcuffs. John plans with Noreen to get the gun away. Hank reveals he's an exsoldier and claims he's married, but the man shows him his wallet with a condom inside. Hank doesn't want to talk about it, so he's shot in the leg. In pain, he admits he has sex with men at truckstops, and claims he's Smith if he'll stop shooting, but the man kills him. Noreen asks him why he's doing this, but he says he just came in to get something to eat and 'just snapped'. John  after threatened, admits to be Smith and turns back the questioning, revealing the man is an ex-military man who was booted on psychological issues. The situation is now reversed, the man bargaining with John, who refuses to let the man go without all the money. The man panics, kills the couple, shoots John, and when he goes for the kill, Noreen comes from behind and cuts his throat. John asks Noreen for the key, but Noreen pulls the handgun, not trusting him. John taunts her, saying she doesn't have the guts and she's out of bullets. But Noreen, good at counting, knows and proves she has one left, and kills John."] ["George Moran is a former American paratrooper and veteran of the Dominican Republic intervention who now runs a small beachfront motel in Miami. While searching for a Dominican woman named Luci Palma who saved his life in 1965 , he begins a relationship with Mary DeBoya, the wealthy, unhappy wife of a former Dominican general who continues to use sadistic methods to get what he wants. Moran gets involved in a plot by his fellow military veteran Nolen Tyner and a former New York policeman, Jiggs Scully, to rip off the general. Moran must elude a number of double-crosses as he and Mary attempt to gain her freedom plus $2 million of the general's money. The film was shot in Santo Domingo and Florida."] ['On a late afternoon, two brilliant young aesthetes, Brandon Shaw  and Phillip Morgan , murder a former classmate, David Kentley , by strangulation in their apartment. They commit the crime as an intellectual exercise: they want to prove their superiority by committing the "perfect murder". After hiding the body in a large antique wooden chest, Brandon and Phillip host a dinner party at the apartment which has a panoramic view of Manhattan\'s skyline. The guests, unaware of what has happened, include the victim\'s father Mr. Kentley  and aunt Mrs. Atwater ; his mother is not able to attend. Also there is his fiancee, Janet Walker  and her former lover Kenneth Lawrence , who was once David\'s close friend.  In a subtle move, Brandon uses the chest containing the body as a buffet for the food, just before their maid, Mrs. Wilson  arrives to help with the party. "Now the fun begins", Brandon says when the first guests arrive. Brandon\'s and Phillip\'s idea for the murder was inspired years earlier by conversations with their erstwhile prep-school housemaster, publisher Rupert Cadell . While at school, Rupert had discussed with them, in an apparently approving way, the intellectual concepts of Nietzsche\'s Übermensch and the art of murder, a means of showing one\'s superiority over others. He too is among the guests at the party, since Brandon in particular feels that he would very likely approve of their "work of art". Brandon\'s subtle hints about David\'s absence lead to a discussion on the art of murder. He appears calm and in control, although when he first speaks to Rupert, he is nervously excited, stammering. Phillip, on the other hand, is visibly upset and morose. He does not conceal it well and starts to drink too much. When David\'s aunt, Mrs. Atwater, who fancies herself as a fortune-teller, tells him that his hands will bring him great fame, she is referring to his skill at the piano, but he appears to think that the "fame" will in fact be the notoriety gained from being caught. Much of the conversation, however, focuses on David and his strange absence, which worries the guests. A suspicious Rupert quizzes a fidgety Phillip about this and about some of the inconsistencies that have been raised in conversation. For example, Phillip had vehemently denied ever strangling a chicken at the Shaws’ farm, but Rupert has personally seen Phillip strangle several. Phillip later complains to Brandon about having had a "rotten evening", not because of David\'s murder, but over Rupert\'s questioning. Emotions run high. David\'s father and fiancée are disturbed, wondering why he has neither arrived nor phoned. Brandon even goes so far as to increase the tension by playing matchmaker between Janet and Kenneth. Mr. Kentley decides to leave when his wife calls, overwrought because she has not heard a word from David herself. He takes with him some books Brandon has given him, tied together with the very rope Brandon and Phillip used to strangle his son, Brandon\'s icing on the cake. While leaving, Rupert is handed the wrong hat, with a monogram "D.K."  inside it. Rupert returns to the apartment a short while after everyone else has departed, pretending that he has absentmindedly left his cigarette case behind. He \'plants\' the case, asks for a drink and then stays to theorize about the disappearance of David, encouraged by Brandon, who seems eager to have Rupert discover the crime. A tipsy Phillip is unable to take it any more, throwing a glass and saying: "Cat and mouse, cat and mouse. But which is the cat and which is the mouse?" Rupert lifts the lid of the chest and finds the body inside; his two former students have indeed killed David. He is horrified, but also deeply ashamed, realizing that they used his own rhetoric to rationalize murder. Rupert seizes Brandon\'s gun and fires several shots into the night in order to attract attention. The films segues to the end titles with the sound of approaching police sirens.'] ["After attending her grandmother's funeral in Dallas, Texas, Lisa Reisert  takes a red-eye flight to Miami, Florida. While in the check-in line she meets Jackson Rippner . When boarding, Lisa discovers that Jackson is on the same flight and seated beside her. After take off, Rippner reveals that he is a terrorist operative working for a group who intends to assassinate the United States Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security Charles Keefe  and his family. Lisa is instrumental in their plans because of her job as Acting Manager at the Lux Atlantic Hotel where the Keefe family is staying. The assassination plan is to use a portable missile launcher from a boat in a nearby harbor and fire it at the hotel. In order for this to work, Rippner must force Lisa to make a phone call from the in-flight phone and order the hotel staff to change his reservation to a suite facing the harbor. If she refuses to cooperate, he will deploy a hitman to kill her father, Joe ([[Brian Cox , at his home in Miami. Lisa attempts to find a way to keep both her father and Keefe safe. When she first places a call to the hotel, answered by her friend, Cynthia , the line goes dead midway through the conversation, and Lisa tries to fool Rippner into thinking she is still ordering the room change. She then makes two unsuccessful tries to alert the other passengers to the danger. When the phone line comes back on, Lisa makes the phone call, and the hotel staff move the politician to the targeted suite. After the call, she asks Rippner to call off the man outside her father's house, but refuses until he has confirmation of the assassination. As the plane lands, Lisa incapacitates Rippner, takes his phone and flees the plane and terminal, narrowly escaping both Rippner and airport security. Once outside, she steals a nearby SUV. She once again calls the hotel, alerting Cynthia of the danger. Cynthia pulls the fire alarm to evacuate the building and rushes to warn Keefe and his family, who are in the targeted suite. Cynthia, the Keefes and U.S. Secret Service agents manage to escape the room seconds before a Javelin missile hits. Lisa, still driving, tries to call her father, but the cell phone's battery dies. She rushes to her father's house, arriving to find the hitman outside his door, and runs him down. Lisa finds her father inside, and he tells her that he has called the police. While Lisa phones the hotel to check in, Rippner arrives and knocks out her father. He chases her through the house with a knife and throws her down a flight of stairs. Lisa retrieves the dead hitman's gun from the floor and threatens Rippner with it. He attempts to escape, but Lisa shoots him before he can. He disarms and attacks her when, finally, Lisa's father shoots Rippner, incapacitating him as the police finally arrive. Later at the hotel, Keefe and the Secret Service thank Lisa and Cynthia for saving him and his family from the assassination."] ['Mark Lewis  meets a prostitute, covertly filming her with a camera hidden under his coat. Shown from the point-of-view of the camera viewfinder, tension builds as he follows the woman into her house, murders her and later watches the film in his den as the credits roll on the screen. Lewis is a member of a film crew who aspires to become a filmmaker himself. He works part-time photographing soft-porn pin-up pictures of women, sold under the counter. He is a shy, reclusive young man who hardly ever socializes outside of his workplace. He lives in his  father\'s house, leasing part of it and acting as the landlord, while posing as a tenant himself. Mark is fascinated by the boisterous family living downstairs, and especially by Helen , a sweet-natured young woman who befriends him out of pity. Mark reveals to Helen through home movies taken by his father  that, as a child, he was used as a guinea pig for his father\'s psychological experiments in fear and the nervous system. Mark\'s father would study his son\'s reaction to various stimuli, such as lizards he put on his bed and would film the boy in all sorts of situations, even going as far as recording his son\'s reactions as he sat with his mother on her deathbed. He kept his son under constant watch and even wired all the rooms so that he could spy on him. The father\'s studies made his reputation as a psychologist. Mark arranges with Vivian , a stand-in at the studio, to make a film after the set is closed; he then kills her and stuffs her into a prop trunk. The body is discovered later by the horrified film crew. The police link the two murders and notice that each victim died with a look of utter terror on her face. They interview everyone on the set and become suspicious of Mark, who has his camera always running, always recording and who claims that he is making a documentary. A psychiatrist, called to the set to console the upset star of the movie, chats with Mark and tells him that he is familiar with his father\'s work. The psychiatrist relates the details of the conversation to the police, noting that Mark has "his father\'s eyes". Mark is tailed by the police who follow him to the building where he takes photographs of the pin-up model Milly . Two versions of this scene were shot. The more risqué version is credited as being the first female nude scene in a major British feature Nudist Paradise  was released before Peeping Tom  and that had fully naked women in it . Mark kills Milly and then returns home. Helen, who is curious about Mark\'s films, finally runs one of them. She becomes visibly upset and frightened when he catches her. Mark reveals that he makes the movies so that he can capture the fear of his victims. He has mounted a round mirror atop his camera, so that he can capture the reactions of his victims as they see their impending deaths. The police arrive and Mark realizes he is cornered. As he had planned from the very beginning, he impales himself with a knife attached to one of the camera\'s tripod legs, killing himself the same way he dispatched his victims, and with the camera running, providing the finale for his documentary.'] ["Eve, a young medical student is charged with uncovering the murder of a mental patient's mother. The patient, Don holds many secrets and disturbs Eve with his insane ramblings. As Eve continues to investigate the murder, she believes Don's paranoia is out of control at the mention of a menacing figure named Malachi. She begins to question whether Malachi exists when she is stalked by a mysterious figure or if her imagination and Don's craziness are affecting her judgement. Breaking Dawn Retrieved on 23 December 2011"] ['TV newswoman Lee Carter  is one of many witnesses to the public assassination of presidential candidate Senator Charles Carroll ([[William Joyce  atop the Seattle Space Needle. A waiter armed with a revolver is chased but falls to his death. Meanwhile, a second waiter, also armed with a gun, leaves the crime scene unnoticed. A special committee decides that the assassination was the work of a lone gunman. Three years later, Carter visits her former boyfriend and colleague, newspaper reporter Joe Frady , in Portland, Oregon. Lee tells Frady that she feels there is more to the killing - that six of the witnesses to Carroll\'s assassination have died and she fears she will be next. Frady does not take her seriously. Not long afterwards, Lee is found dead and her death is judged by the police to be either a voluntary or accidental drug overdose. Investigating Carter\'s leads, Frady goes to the small town of Salmontail whose sheriff, L.D. Wicker , attempts to trap him below a dam after an alarm has sounded indicating that the floodgates are opening. Frady narrowly escapes but the sheriff drowns. Frady finds information on the Parallax Corporation in the sheriff\'s apartment and learns that its real business is recruiting political assassins. While interviewing Carroll\'s former aide, Austin Tucker , aboard Tucker\'s boat, a bomb explodes. Frady survives but is believed dead, and decides to apply to Parallax under an assumed identity. Jack Younger , a Parallax official, assures Frady that he is the kind of man they are interested in. Frady is accepted for training in Los Angeles where he watches a slide show that conflates positive images with negative actions. Frady later spies a Parallax man he recalls from a picture Austin Tucker showed him of a waiter taken the day Senator Carroll was murdered. He follows the man and watches him take out a bag from another car\'s trunk, then drive to an airport and check it as baggage on a plane. Frady boards the plane himself. He notices a Senator aboard, but not the Parallax man. Frady writes a warning on a napkin which he slips into the drink service cart. The warning is found and the plane returns to Los Angeles. Everybody is evacuated – just before a bomb explodes. Frady\'s generally skeptical editor Bill Rintels  listens to a secretly recorded tape of a conversation Frady had with Jack Younger. A disguised Parallax operative delivers coffee and food to Rintels\' news office. The editor is poisoned and the tape is removed. Continuing his investigation, Frady follows the Parallax assassins to the dress rehearsal for a political rally for Senator George Hammond ([[Jim Davis . Frady hides in the auditorium\'s rafters to secretly observe the Parallax men, posing as security personnel, also in the rafters. Too late, Frady realizes he has been set up as a "patsy" or "fall guy", as Hammond is shot dead by an unseen gunman. As Frady is trying to escape, he is sighted in the rafters by the marching band\'s tuba player, and a Parallax agent kills Frady with a shotgun. The same committee which determined a lone gunman killed Senator Carroll now reports that Frady, acting alone, killed Senator Hammond. The committee further express the hope that the verdict will end political assassination conspiracy theories. They do not take questions from the press.'] ['A group of friends steal a valuable statuette for a ruthless art dealer. The amateur thieves botch the delivery of the statuette and the art dealer demands that they pay him $1 million by the end of the week or face the consequences: certain death. Desperate, the friends decide to take out a $1 million life insurance policy on one of themselves with the idea that if one of them is sacrificed, the others will collect on the policy and be able pay off the art dealer. What follows is a reckoning: The friends enter into a lethal lottery to choose who will be the victim and who will be the killer.'] [' A hiker rushes into the local police station at the moors in Yorkshire. She has found the body of a woman who appears to have been strangled. The victim\'s name is Alice Ruber but the police find no leads.  Belgian detective Hercule Poirot  is called in by an insurance company and asked to check out a blue-hued diamond belonging to Sir Horace Blatt , a millionaire industrialist. Poirot notices it is a fake, confirming the opinion of appraisers working on behalf of the firm. Poirot meets Blatt who is not only surprised at the news of the fake, but expresses resentment that "that woman" could do this to him. Blatt explains that he had an affair with a woman he met in New York and gave her the diamond which he had purchased for US$50,000 . He got her to return it after she dumped him for another man. He knows that the woman is due to go on holiday at an island which hosts an exclusive hotel. Poirot agrees to go to the same island in order that they can confront the woman and enjoy a holiday of his own. Rather than accompany Blatt on his yacht, Poirot travels by land since he cannot stand prolonged sea journeys. The hotel in question is the former summer palace of the reigning King of Tyrania. It is now owned by Daphne Castle , who received it from the King "for services rendered." Her guests include: * Glamorous actress Arlena Stuart Marshall ; * Kenneth Marshall , Arlena\'s husband; * Linda Marshall , Kenneth\'s teenage daughter from an earlier marriage; * Rex Brewster , a writer and theatre critic ; * Odell  and Myra Gardener , New York theatrical producers; * and Patrick  and Christine Redfern , a dashing, handsome young man and his mousy wife. Tension soon settles in on the island, much of it surrounding Arlena Marshall. She is very abusive towards her stepdaughter Linda and Kenneth himself turns increasingly towards Daphne, an old friend of his. Daphne herself has a long-standing and bitter rivalry with Arlena, going back to their days as chorus girls. Linda herself holds no love in turn for Arlena. Furthermore, Arlena caused the Gardeners financial problems by walking out of a major play and is refusing to perform in another in which they have invested most of their money. There is also Brewster who has written a tell-all biography of Arlena but she refuses to sign the release for it since it reveals details about her real age, background and how sleeping around got her her big break on the stage. If the book isn\'t published, Brewster will have to refund the publishing house the advanced royalties they paid to him and which he has already spent.  To cap it all, Arlena openly flirts with Patrick Redfern, much to the embarrassment of both their spouses and Marshall learns from Daphne that she actually arranged for the Redferns to join them on the island. Everyone feels sorry especially for Christine who is pale, mousy, and quite the cuckolded wife. That night Poirot, and presumably everyone else, hears a loud argument between the Redferns.  The next morning, Arlena goes off on her own in a paddle-boat to sunbathe at an empty spot on the island known as Ladder Bay, but both Poirot and Marshall assume that her real purpose is to be with Patrick. However this is refuted when Patrick shows up in the hotel lobby. As the morning progresses, Myra tags along on a boat trip with Patrick, who is transparently attempting to rendezvous with Arlena. As they arrive there they see a yacht leaving which Myra recognizes as Sir Horace Blatt\'s. When they reach the secluded beach, they see the body of a woman on the sand. Patrick goes ashore, approaches the body and suddenly announces to Myra that it is the strangled corpse of Arlena. Myra goes to fetch help while he waits with the body.  Daphne Castle insists that Poirot investigates the matter, dismissing the efficacy of the local police, and he agrees. Sir Horace Blatt turns up on his yacht and, as Poirot had guessed, reveals that Arlena was the woman he had the affair with and who took his diamond. Most of the guests had good motives for loathing Arlena. Poirot even suggests that Patrick, who appeared to like her, may have killed her in order to hold on to his increasingly jealous wife. Yet, when he questions them, Poirot finds that they all have alibis for the time when the crime was committed. Kenneth Marshall was in his hotel room typing a reply to a letter which he\'d received that morning. This is confirmed by Daphne even though Poirot demonstrates that she could not have seen Marshall from where she was standing. She could only have heard him. However, Marshall shows him the letter he was responding to which arrived in the morning\'s post and which he received about 11am. Poirot concedes this after reading the two letters. Christine was sketching landscapes with Linda during the morning at Gull Cove. On realizing that the time was 11:55, Christine remembered she had a tennis match at 12:30 back at the hotel and quickly left. Every day at noon a local cannon is fired on the mainland to mark the time and can be heard as far as the island.  Christine claims to have heard it while waving to Linda from the top of the cliff as Linda was swimming in the sea. Linda confirms this. Sir Horace had a loud argument with Arlena on the beach in Ladder Bay where she was later found, but his own crew saw the whole exchange and they could see that she was still alive when he left at about half past eleven. He also left her the fake diamond, which she denied knowing anything about. However he said that she had promised she would straighten it out that evening. Poirot later found the false diamond in a grotto near to where the body lay. Daphne was walking along the top of the cliffs and saw Arlena on the beach at Ladder Bay. She also saw the argument between Arlena and Sir Horace. She then returned to the hotel to chair a staff meeting. Patrick\'s alibi was that when he left the hotel at about half past eleven for his rendezvous with Arlena, Myra accompanied him in the speedboat. En route they saw Sir Horace\'s yacht sailing towards the hotel. They arrived at Ladder Bay as the noonday gun sounded. Patrick found Arlena dead on the beach, witnessed by Myra.  Rex Brewster was guiding his pedalo when he entered Gull Cove at 12:00. Seeing Linda there, he asked if she\'d help him pedal it back but she refused. On his way back to the hotel, Brewster was almost hit by a bottle thrown from the top of a cliff. When Poirot tells him that Linda has denied seeing or talking to him, an agitated Brewster gets her to confess in front of both the detective and her father that she lied. Odell Gardener claims he was reading and he was sure no one saw him so he has no alibi. He was almost proud of that fact as he was one "of the millions of innocents in the world." It transpires, however, that he was seen by Daphne and her staff. Odell mentions that he tried to wash up at about 12:15 for the tennis game, but the water pressure was low because someone was bathing at the same time—a very odd time for a bath. When Poirot asks who threw the bottle or took the bath, none of the guests will admit to either act. During the night, Poirot reads a report he submitted to the same insurance firm that hired him to investigate the Blatt diamond issue and checks something in the hotel register.  Assembling the suspects together, Poirot announces that the solution to the murder hinges on several items: Linda\'s bathing cap, a bath no one would admit to taking, a mysterious bottle flung into the sea, the particular geography of the island, the cannon being fired to mark noontime, and the fact that people sunbathing from a distance look similar. All the alibis appear to indicate that no-one could have committed the murder at the time established, so someone is lying and Poirot announces that this someone is Christine Redfern. On this basis, he states that Arlena\'s corpse on the beach was actually Christine posing as her. After knocking Arlena unconscious with a stone and hiding her in a nearby rock grotto, she used a temporary self-tanner to match Arlena\'s skin color and donned Arlena\'s bathing costume and face-obscuring Chinese red hat. She then waited to be "discovered" by Patrick in the plain but distant view of Myra Gardener. Poirot knew Arlena was in the grotto because he had smelled her particular brand of perfume in there and had also found the imitation paste diamond which had been given to her by Sir Horace during their earlier argument. To establish her alibi Christine wore heavy clothes, not to protect herself from sunburn, but to cover the self-tanner and her own wristwatch. She had carefully nurtured the notion that she sunburned easily and was the wounded wife while her husband was carrying on a dalliance with Arlena. She had pre-set Linda\'s watch twenty minutes ahead before they went sketching to give her the impression it was later than it really was. She even suggested to Linda to wear the bathing cap  because it would cover her ears and thus she would not be able to tell if she heard the cannon or not. Before she left the area she took care to re-set Linda\'s watch to the correct time. Poirot disproves Christine\'s alibi by asking why, when Brewster became upset when Linda denied seeing him, did he not go to his second possible witness, Christine? He did not mention seeing Christine at the top of the cliff even as she was supposedly waving to Linda when he arrived in his boat. Moreover when Brewster accosted Linda, she did not hear him approach from about three feet away because the bathing cap covered her ears.  If Linda could not hear Rex approaching from such a short distance then how could she have heard the cannon marking midday? When Patrick points out his wife has vertigo and thus could not have climbed down the ladder at the cliff leading to the grotto, Poirot mentions that in order for Linda to have seen Christine waving she would have to have stood at the edge of the cliff. He reveals that he tried and became dizzy, so no one with vertigo would have even dared to try. The guests also point out that Arlena was strangled and Christine\'s hands could not have matched the strangle marks. Poirot explains this away by claiming that Arlena was strangled long after Myra left: by Patrick. After Myra left the bay, Christine changed out of Arlena\'s bathing costume. Patrick then strangled Arlena in the grotto, changed her back into the bathing costume and set her up for when Poirot and the others arrived to examine the body. Christine meanwhile pitched the bottle of self-tanner into the sea—narrowly missing Rex Brewster—and then dashed back to the hotel to wash off the self tan—the bath no one admitted to taking—and turn up for her tennis date.  There is one problem: motive. Christine certainly had motive but what was Patrick\'s? As he puts it, "adultery may be reprehensible but not criminal". It turns out that Patrick was actually interested in Blatt\'s diamond. He had switched the real one for a paste copy, probably during one of his trysts with Arlena in England. Upon learning that she had returned it to Blatt, he realized that an investigation into the forgery would lead back to him so he killed her. The main problem is proof of guilt. Poirot admits that he has none, just circumstantial evidence. As the smug Redferns are about to depart, Christine - no longer the mousy pitiful wife - confidently remarks: "Give us some time and we may discover how you [Poirot] did it. After all, where were you at the time of the murder?" Later she reappears, dressed in expensive clothes, now no longer the vulnerable sympathetic wife but dressed to kill, so to speak. Then Patrick unwittingly makes the second of three mistakes: he pays the hotel bill with a check. Poirot notes the signature on the cheque and then suddenly addresses Redfern as "Felix Ruber", husband of the woman whose body was found on the moors in England some months ago. He points out that the "R" of Redfern on the check matches the distinct "R" to the signature of Felix Ruber on the insurance form he was reading earlier. The time of Mrs. Ruber\'s death was established as occurring at the time her husband could prove he had been on a train to London. Witnesses complained he smoked in a non-smoking compartment, "a little too obvious". The company which held Mrs. Ruber\'s life insurance, and was also to insure the Blatt diamond, sent Poirot to investigate. He never met the husband or the hiker who found the body. As an agent of the insurance company he may have been limited to simply checking the police reports and ensuring that they were thorough in their investigation. Felix could thus cash in on his wife\'s life insurance. However, the death of Alice Ruber seemed to parallel that of Arlena: the coincidence was too great for an investigator like Poirot to ignore. Redfern/Ruber\'s first mistake was from the day before, when he and Poirot overheard some of the hotel staff singing an air from an opera written by Giuseppe Verdi. As a joke, Patrick pointed out that in Italian the name of the composer translates as "Joe Green". This led Poirot to realise that "Filix Ruber" is the Latin for "Red Fern". When Redfern protests that all Poirot has is a signature and a "bloody silly word game", Poirot announces that he has requested pictures of the hiker  and the grieving husband  from the British police and that that should be enough for a conviction for both killings. At that point Patrick makes his third mistake: he puts his pipe in his mouth. Poirot points out that the pipe has never once been lit during the Redferns\' stay. He takes it, empties it and hidden in the tobacco is the diamond. Patrick concedes defeat by punching Poirot to the floor. Later Daphne\'s staff take the Redferns back to the mainland and the police in a small launch, while the other guests mock them from Blatt\'s yacht. Recovering from the assault, Poirot is told that he is to be decorated by the King of Tyrania.'] ['The story concerns a quiet insurance agent / Vietnam veteran named Bobby Thompson  who murders his young wife, his mother and a grocery delivery boy at home and then initiates an afternoon shooting rampage from atop a Los Angeles area oil refinery. Several motorists and passengers are wounded or killed on the nearby freeway. When the police respond and start to close in on him he flees and resumes his shootings at a Reseda drive-in theater where an aging horror film icon, Byron Orlok  is making a final promotional appearance before retirement. Orlok slaps the murderer into submission and the police arrive and affect an arrest. Thompson wonders aloud about the exact number of victims.'] ['Retired FBI Special Agent Joel Campbell  lives in Chicago, where he is struggling to come to terms with his failure to capture a serial killer back when he was working in Los Angeles. Campbell attends therapy sessions with Dr. Polly Beilman , but otherwise has no friends or social life. Campbell learns that a girl who lived in his apartment building has been killed. He does not pay it much attention until he opens his mail and finds that a picture of the girl had been sent to his apartment three days before the murder. He brings this information to the attention of the detective on the case, Det. Mackie ([[Chris Ellis , and comes to the conclusion that the same serial killer has arrived in Chicago. FBI Special Agent in Charge Ibby  tries to persuade Campbell to return to the case, but he refuses. One night Campbell receives a phone call from the killer, David Griffin , who reveals that he followed Campbell to Chicago and wants to rebuild the "rapport" they once had. Griffin tells Campbell that he will send a photo of a girl in the morning, and Campbell has until 9:00 pm that night to find her. Campbell tells Ibby that he wants back in on the case, and his request is granted. Campbell works together with Mackie and the rest of the team in getting the word out on finding the girl before the deadline. However, by the time Campbell gets her house number and calls, Griffin is already there, and has slit her throat. Griffin suggests they continue with a different girl. The next day similar events follow as Campbell and his team try to find the next girl before the 9:00 pm deadline. They corner and almost catch Griffin, but he manages not only to kill the second girl but also escape. Campbell is injured during the car chase. The next day, another photo arrives, but it turns out to be the image of Lisa Anton , Campbell\'s former lover who was killed indirectly because of Griffin back in Los Angeles. Campbell goes to Lisa\'s grave, where Griffin is waiting for him. Griffin explains that he has Beilman hostage somewhere, and only wants to talk with him. Campbell negotiates for Beilman\'s safety, and Griffin eventually agrees to bring Campbell to see her. During the drive, Griffin explains that he cares a great deal for Campbell, and considers him a "good friend". Campbell secretly uses his cell phone to call Mackie, cluing him in on the situation. Campbell is taken to the abandoned warehouse where Griffin knocks him out. Campbell is tied up in a chair while Griffin takes a wire and starts to strangle Beilman. Campbell distracts Griffin from his task by saying \'thank you\'. When Griffin asks Campbell to repeat himself, Campbell stabs him with a pen before shooting him with a double-barrelled shotgun. Campbell rescues Beilman and gets them both to safety as the warehouse explodes, killing Griffin.'] ['Luke McNamara  is a student with aspirations to become a lawyer. He attends Yale along with his girlfriend Chloe  and his best friend Will . Luke\'s friendships hit the rocks when he is invited to join a secret society known as "The Skulls". After Luke passes the first part of the initiation process, he has a falling out with Chloe when she realizes that he has become a Skull. As a member of the Skulls, Luke is partnered with Caleb Mandrake , and the two quickly strike up a friendship. Caleb\'s father, Litten Mandrake , is the current Chairman of the Skulls and his partner Senator Ames Levritt , takes an interest in Luke. Eventually Will, who has been conducting research on the Skulls for some time, discovers their secret ritual room. Will gets caught in the room by Caleb and in the ensuing struggle he falls and is knocked unconscious. Caleb is ordered to leave the room by his father, who gets one of his cronies to break Will\'s neck. The Skulls manage to move the body and make it look like Will committed suicide in his dorm room. Luke is greatly troubled by the death of his best friend, especially because Will\'s family is the only family he had , and becomes suspicious that Will was in fact murdered. He initially thinks that Caleb is guilty of the murder, and Caleb thinks that he himself is guilty since he assumed that Will was dead when he left the room. Luke obtains tapes that prove who actually committed the murder and in trying to convince Caleb of the truth , Luke realizes how scared Caleb is of his father. Before Luke can show the evidence to police, the tape is switched by a detective and Luke is confined to a mental hospital under the control of the Skulls. With the help of Ames Levritt and Chloe, Luke manages to escape the hospital and survive an attempt on his life. Luke decides that his only option is to fight the Skulls by their own rules, and "bring war to them". He challenges Caleb to a duel at the Skulls\' private island, by invoking rule 119. Litten tries to take his son\'s place in the duel but is denied the opportunity due to another Skull rule . After Luke and Caleb take their ten paces and turn around, Luke drops his gun and tries to convince Caleb of the truth and that he is not responsible for Will\'s murder. Despite being pressured by Litten to kill Luke, Caleb cannot bring himself to pull the trigger. At this point, Litten loses control, grabs a pistol, and attempts to shoot Luke himself, but before he can fire, Caleb shoots his own father. The wound is not a mortal one, but Caleb, mortified at what he has done, tries to kill himself but is stopped by Luke. The film ends with Luke\'s realization that Senator Levritt waited to help him until he had no other choice but to duel and eliminate his rival . Luke becomes disgusted with the order and refuses to participate further, despite threats from Levritt that he will be tracked down someday. As Luke walks away Levritt says, "Well done, son". It has been speculated that this, along with other incidents in the movie , that Levritt may be Luke\'s father. The final shot of the movie shows Luke reuniting with Chloe.'] ['When Los Angeles attorney Jeff Mills and his friend Derek Clayton rescue a young beautiful woman, Miranda Reed, from an apparently abusive boyfriend, the trouble starts. Miranda has no home so Jeff offers her to stay at his house. Jeff unknowing becomes involved with Miranda and the web of intrigue that follows her. But as the two became lovers, Jeff learns that Miranda is on the run from the witches coven . But now the coven wants Miranda back as a sacrifice at the winter solstice tomorrow night. She must come to them of her own free will, and the coven try to force her into doing so, using sorcery to taunt and terrify the two of them. Miranda tells Jeff of her situation, but not the entire truth, and Jeff willingly helps Miranda out of her troubles, but creates his own.'] ["As part of his college thesis, Jason Moss , a criminology student, decides to write to serial killers and attempt to gain their trust through impersonating a typical victim or admirer. Moss sends a carefully crafted letter to John Wayne Gacy ([[William Forsythe  in prison, portraying himself as a vulnerable, sexually confused boy. The letter is an intricate plan to get inside Gacy's head in hopes of uncovering new information regarding his murders that will aid Moss in writing a standout term paper. The film unfolds as Gacy, suspicious at first, puts Moss through intense emotional tests via letters and collect calls, all of which lead to strained relationships with his girlfriend and family before an eventual face-to-face visit in prison. The film ends with a real-life interview with the real Jason Moss, and shows the real photo taken of Moss and Gacy several days before the execution, stating that Moss went on to graduate and write a book on his relationship with Gacy before committing suicide in June 2006."] ['Detective Gilbert is searching for a necklace stolen by a gang of thieves. In the beginning, the gang is in a house in London, before going on the run The film starts off with Detective Gilbert arriving at a house marked for sale or rent. The door is unlocked and he wanders in. An unknown person with a candle is wandering about and a dead body is found. When confronted the mysterious person claims innocence of the murdered person. The detective asks the stranger what he has in his pockets , before the shadow of a hand is shown reaching for a doorknob. The stranger searches the body of the dead person and finds handcuffs and a gun which he takes. The detective returns from investigating the weird sound and finds the handcuffs which the stranger left on the ground. A person is seen to be crawling on the roof through shadows, who then falls through the roof. This is a woman called Nora who is revived and cries out for her father. She explains that her father went onto the roof and that they are next door in number 16. The bell tolls half past midnight and the dead body has disappeared. Three people arrive at the windswept house, Mr. Ackroyd, Rose Ackroyd  and a third person. Ben draws out the gun. Ben accidentally shoots the governor. Mr. Ackroyd draws out a gun and asks him to search the gentlemen, Ben and Nora. The telegram is revealed to Mr. Ackroyd. Sheldrake gets the diamond necklace, which he has hidden in the upper portion of a toilet. Ben causes a commotion and is locked away with Sheldrake. The two hands of Sheldrake reach out and appear to strangle Ben who is only pretending to be knocked out. More members of the gang arrive. They suggest tying up Nora and Doyle. The three thieves all have to catch a train. However, one of the "thieves" is Nora\'s father who locks away two of the thieves and frees Nora and Doyle. He opens the door where Ben is locked away with Sheldrake and gets into a fist fight with Sheldrake. The other man reveals himself as Sheldrake and frees the others. Nora and Forsythe are tied up again. Mrs. Ackroyd reveals herself to be able to speak and says "I\'m coming back". She comes back and frees Nora and Doyle. Nora has fainted but recovers. They free Ben and Nora\'s father. The thieves arrive at the train yard, and board a freight train that is departing. The train says Deutsch-Englischer Fahrverkehr Ferry Service between Germany-Great Britain. The train departs with Ben aboard and he stumbles onto crates of wine. The thieves, after dispatching the conductor, go to the front of the train, shoot the fireman, and catch the Driver as he faints. Doyle commandeers a bus. Ben is revealed to have the necklace. Sheldrake discovers he doesn\'t have the diamond and the thieves fight each other. Barton is revealed as a detective posing as a thief. A chase scene occurs on the train as the thieves go after Barton. Barton escapes and handcuffs Mrs. Ackroyd. The bus that Forsythe is on races after the train. The thieves, realizing the train is accelerating, try and find the brakes. They turns dials helplessly and notice the bus that Doyle is on. Pushing levers and turning dials does nothing, indeed, it only makes the train go faster, leaving the thieves unable to escape. At the dock, the ferry pulls up. As Doyle watches, the train hurtles through the dock, crashes into the train currently on the ferry, and pushes it out to sea, dragging the remaining cars into the ocean. People are rescued from the water. Henry Doyle is posing as Detective Barton he tells Forsythe. But actually Forsythe is Detective Barton! Who says to Barton, you can\'t be Barton because I am. All of the thieves are apprehended by the police who are on the scene. Detective Barton says to Nora, what are you going to do about it? Barton says you better come along with me. Nora says where? To breakfast Barton says. Ben then reveals he has the diamond necklace. Whoever did this mixed up the names. The body that was laying on the floor was Mr. Ackroyd, but when he next appears he introduces himself as Sheldrake. The stranger is a poor man named Ben. The man who first entered the house introduces himself as something that\'s impossible to understand and at the end reveals himself to be Detective Barton. The girl who falls through the roof is Rose Ackroyd. The people who arrive at the door are a rich man  who doesn\'t introduce himself and then later claims to be Detective Barton, the woman at the door is Nora, and the last person at the door who claims to be Henry\'s nephew is actually a cop and his name is never spoken. The person that we meet hiding in the bathroom and stealing the necklace is Sheldrake. In case you don\'t understand the complex mumble jumble above I\'ll use the characters real names and boil down the plot to something comprehensible, sorry for the length it\'s a really complicated movie. Detective Barton enters a house that\'s for sale. Inside the house he runs into a poor squatter named Ben and what appears to be someone Ben killed. They talk for a while and try to figure out what\'s going on. They see someone crawling on the roof and then said person falls through the roof. The person is a girl by the name of Rose Ackroyd who calls out to her father that she sees "dead" only a few meters away. She says that she was on the roof looking for her father because she received a telegraph for him. The telegraph reads “have traced Suffulk necklace to Sheldrake – expect him to make get away tonight – watch NO 17 – will arrive later – Barton”. The clock tolls at midnight, the body disappears, and there\'s someone at the door. Detective Barton lets in Henry Doyle, Nora, and the cop who acts very suspiciously. Detective Barton, Henry Doyle, Nora, and the cop continue upstairs where Henry Doyle promptly takes control of the situation by pulling out a gun and effectively capturing Detective Barton, Rose, and Ben. Ben tries to escape, but ends up in the bathroom where Sheldrake has been hiding with the necklace. Ben is able to easily sneak the necklace out of Sheldrake\'s pocket and into his own. Mr. Ackroyd reappears  saying he\'s Sheldrake and that they should leave immediately. Henry and the cop tie up Detective Barton and Rose and then head down towards the train with Nora. Mr. Ackroyd stays behind to untie Detective Barton and his daughter. Sheldrake finally leaves the bathroom and ends up fighting with Mr. Ackroyd. When trying to help, Ben accidentally knocks out Mr. Ackroyd. Rose stays behind with Mr. Ackroyd and now Nora, the cop, Henry Doyle, Sheldrake, Ben, and Detective Barton are ready to board the train . Detective Barton is the only one not able to successfully board the train so he goes and hijacks a bus to follow the train. On the train Ben finds himself in the wine car and decides to have a little fun. Meanwhile The cop, Henry, and Sheldrake head towards the front of the train and leave Nora alone. The men kill the conductor of the train because the conductor accidentally spots them. Sheldrake realizes that he doesn\'t have the necklace anymore and they head back to see if Nora has it. The cop is the first to reach Nora and he handcuffs her to the car. Ben goes to Nora\'s car and then gives the necklace to the cop. There\'s a bunch of shuffling around, the train is losing control and starts going way to fast, Detective Barton\'s plan is set into motion and the train crashes and falls into the water. Detective Barton jumps in and saves Nora. The scene cuts to the police station where Ben, Nora, Detective Barton, and Henry are all drying off. Henry tries to be sly and claims that he\'s Detective Barton. The real Detective Barton reveals who he is and says the entire night was a trap to retrieve the diamond necklace, capture Sheldrake, and capture Henry Doyle. Detective Barton asks Nora out to breakfast and Ben opens the blanket he\'s drying off with to reveal the diamond necklace shimmering about his neck.'] ['{{plot}} Two Supreme Court justices are assassinated by the professional assassin "Sam" Khamel . Tulane University Law School student Darby Shaw  suspects the real motive might be simple greed, not politics. She writes a legal brief, and shows it to her law professor, mentor and lover Thomas Callahan . He gives a copy to his friend Gavin Verheek ([[John Heard  at the FBI. Callahan is killed by a car bomb; Darby escapes because she would not get into the car with her drunk lover. She realizes she is under surveillance and is attacked by an unknown assailant. Realizing that her brief was accurate, she goes into hiding and reaches out to Verheek for help. Political reporter Gray Grantham  is contacted by an informant who calls himself "Garcia" who claims to have information about the assassinations. "Garcia" disappears. Darby then contacts Grantham and mentions the Pelican Brief; Grantham discovers the information Darby discloses has validity. Darby finds out that her computer, disks and files are gone from her apartment. Soon after, she is attacked again, but again escapes. She contacts Verheek and arranges to meet him in a crowded public place. Prior to their meeting, Verheek is murdered by Khamel, who then goes to the meeting impersonating Verheek. Before Khamel can kill her he is shot and killed by an unknown agent. Darby contacts Grantham again and agrees to meet him in New York City. There, she gives him the details of her brief. The legal brief speculates that the assassinations were committed on behalf of Victor Mattiece, an oil tycoon who wants to drill for oil on a Louisiana marshland which is a major habitat of an endangered species of pelicans. A court case on appeal is expected to make its way to the Supreme Court. The two slain justices had a history of environmentalism — their only common view — and thus Darby surmised that Mattiece hoped to turn the case in his favor by eliminating the two justices, thus leaving the President to appoint new justices more likely to rule in his favor. Grantham tells her about "Garcia", and together they discover that "Garcia" is Curtis Morgan , a lawyer in the oil and gas division of White & Blazevich in Washington. Darby visits White & Blazevich, pretending to have an appointment with Morgan. She is told that he had been killed. She suspects that his discovery of incriminating evidence was the real reason for his murder. She and Grantham visit his widow, who gives them a key to a safe deposit box. Darby visits the bank to retrieve the contents of the box. When she and Grantham return to their vehicle, Grantham has difficulty starting the car. Darby recognizes the faltering sound as the same sound she heard just before Callahan was killed. They flee the vehicle and are pursued by a car, which crashes into their parked vehicle, detonating the bomb and killing one of their pursuers. They escape to the Washington Herald building, where they review the documents and a videotape recovered from Morgan\'s box. The tape confirms Morgans discovery that Mattiece ordered the assassination of the justices and the documents confirm the accusations. With the evidence that he needs, Grantham writes his story. He gives the FBI a chance to comment. Director Voyles  on the record confirms that the Pelican Brief was delivered to the White House; off the record, he reveals that the President ordered the FBI to "back off". He tells Darby that CIA agents were investigating Mattiece, and that one of them killed Khamel to save her life. A plane is arranged for Darby to flee the country. The movie ends with Darby at her hideaway, watching Grantham being interviewed on TV, where it is revealed that Mattiece and two of his lawyers have been indicted in federal court, the President\'s chief of staff has resigned, and the President himself will not run for office again. Grantham deflects speculation that Darby is fictional, but does agree that she is "almost" too good to be true. Her life having been saved, Darby smiles as the screen cuts to black.'] ["Just after World War II, paratroopers Captain Murdock  and Sergeant Johnny Drake ([[William Prince  are mysteriously ordered to travel to Washington, D.C. When Drake learns that he is to be awarded the Medal of Honor (and Murdock the [[Distinguished Service Cross , he disappears before newspaper photographers can take his picture. Murdock follows the clues and tracks his friend to Gulf City, where he learns Drake is dead &ndash; burned to death in a car accident. Murdock finds out that Drake joined the Army under an assumed name to avoid a murder charge. He was accused of killing a rich old man named Chandler because he was in love with his beautiful young wife Coral . Murdock goes to a nightclub to question Louis Ord , a witness in the murder trial. Ord reveals that Drake had given him a letter for Murdock. Murdock also meets Coral and Martinelli , the club owner, there. Murdock's drink is drugged. When he wakes up the next morning, he finds Ord's dead body planted in his hotel room. He manages to dispose of the corpse before police Lieutenant Kincaid , responding to an anonymous tip, shows up to question him. Murdock teams up with Coral. Suspecting that Martinelli had Ord killed in order to get the letter, Murdock breaks into his office, only to find the safe already open. Just before he is knocked unconscious by an unseen assailant, he smells jasmine, the same aroma as Coral's perfume. When Murdock awakens, Martinelli has him roughed up by his thug, Krause ([[Marvin Miller , to try to find out what is in the coded letter. However, Murdock manages to trick his captors and escape. Now suspicious of Coral, Murdock goes to her apartment to confront her. She claims to be innocent, but finally admits that she shot her husband in self defense. She gave the murder weapon to Martinelli to dispose of, but he has been blackmailing her ever since. In love with her himself, Murdock agrees to leave town with her, but decides to retrieve the incriminating weapon first, despite Coral's fears. He threatens Martinelli with a gun, eliciting some startling revelations. The club owner reveals that Coral is his wife. He killed Chandler and framed Drake so that Coral could inherit the estate before the bigamy could be discovered. Murdock gets what he came for and forces Martinelli to precede him out of the building. As he opens the door, Martinelli is shot and killed. Murdock jumps into the waiting car and drives off with Coral. As they are speeding away, he accuses her of having just tried to kill him. When she shoots him, the car crashes. He survives, but she suffers fatal injuries. In the hospital, Murdock comforts her in her final moments."] ['In 1963 Texas, convicts Robert "Butch" Haynes  and Terry Pugh  escape from the state penitentiary in Huntsville. Fleeing, the pair stumble into a house where eight-year old Phillip Perry  lives with his devout Jehovah\'s Witness mother and two sisters. Needing a hostage to aid their escape, Butch grabs the boy, who meekly accompanies them. The trio\'s journey starts off on an unpleasant note as Butch shoots Terry, following the latter\'s attempt to molest the child. With his partner out of the way, the convict and his young victim take to the Texas highway in a bid to flee from the pursuing police. Meanwhile, Texas Ranger Red Garnett , riding in the Governor\'s airstream trailer, is in pursuit. With criminologist Sally Gerber  and trigger-happy FBI sharpshooter Bobby Lee  in tow, Red is determined to recover the criminal and the hostage before they cross the Texas border. Phillip, eight years old, has never participated in Halloween or Christmas celebrations. Escaping with Butch, however, he experiences a freedom which he finds exhilarating, as Butch gladly allows him the kind of indulgences he has been forbidden all along, including the wearing of a shoplifted Casper the Friendly Ghost costume. Gradually, Phillip becomes increasingly aware of his surroundings, and with constant encouragement from Butch, seems to acquire the ability to make independent decisions on what is wrong and right. For his part, Butch slowly finds himself drawn into giving Phillip the kind of fatherly presence which he himself never had. Red\'s team take up positions preparing to ambush the farm where Butch and Phillip have taken refuge. Unwilling to leave the already wounded Butch, the boy runs back and hugs him – a gesture which, along with his knowledge of Butch\'s character and background, convinces Red that he can resolve the situation peacefully. His plans are thwarted, however, when Bobby Lee, mistaking one of Butch\'s gestures to suppose he is about to draw a gun, fires a shot into his chest and kills him. The move leaves Red angry and frustrated at his inability to save Butch and take him alive.'] ['Shank is an action film, set in a decaying future London. The story follows Junior and his older brother Rager. Rager leads his gang, "The Paper Chaserz" and they plan to steal goods out of a local van. The robbery is successful, however, Rager\'s enemies a rival gang called The Soldiers, chase them to get the goods for themselves. The crew escapes, however Junior is stranded and cornered by The Soldiers. Rager reappears and saves his brother by beating all the rival gang members telling Junior to leave. Soldier gang leader Tugz quietly gets up behind Rager and stabs him multiple times in the back as Junior watches helplessly in the distance. Junior must now get revenge on The Soldiers. "The Paper Chaserz" reluctantly agree to help Junior on his mission. They seek out help from other gangs in their attempt to locate Tugz only to be denied but always given some information that helps them along the way. Finally a trio of girls named Ree Ree, Tash, and Little Lexy agree to help them as they also have reason to want revenge against Tugz. The group goes to a nightclub run by Ree Ree and Tash\'s cousin, Whisper. Whisper says that because his cousins want his help in taking down Tugz and The Soldiers that he will offer his support in exchange for Junior being in his debt. The final showdown is set on a decaying playground as The Soldiers and The Paper Chaserz along with the girls and Whisper\'s gang square off against each other. The Soldiers are badly beaten and retreat, during the fight however Tugz runs away and Junior chases him down. Junior chases him to the top floor of a building and confronts him at the top of the stairwell. Tugz begs for his life saying he is sorry for killing Rager. Junior does not believe the apology but decides that killing Tugz is not worth it. Junior drops his knife and starts to walk down the stairs. Tugz then grabs the knife and attacks him, Junior defends himself and Tugz ends up falling over the railing to his death.'] ['Set in Los Angeles, the film opens with Mickey Flannery , an Irish cop on the edge whose wife Patty  is shot and killed in front of their young son Jason . Seven years later, after having worked multiple jobs, he returns to his job at the police department in homicide, working under Captain Garland . He has personally investigated a car ring deal, but the captain has no interest, because it has no connection to homicide. Mickey is now in a relationship with Vera  and looks forward to meeting with his son  after years. Jason has grown up with his grandparents, and is not enthusiastic to reunite with his father. While joining him on lunch, Mickey is startled when he hears gun shots after two cars drive by. Car repair shop and heavy metal club owner Gideon  and his muscled companion Casey  are the killers, who have shot a guy named Trasher  in cold blood. Jason, meanwhile, catches the eye of Eve , a tough but lustrous heavy metal girl who takes Jason to Gideon\'s heavy metal club, where she reveals herself to be his girlfriend, even though she is still in high school. After being introduced to Gideon and Casey, he goes home with Gloria , a co-worker of the club whom he has sex with. Back at home, he confronts his father with having abandoned him, though Mickey explains that he could not take care of him because he was mourning and became an alcoholic - without a job. Mickey is then called to the job to investigate the death of no other than Gloria. He finds a letter signed by Jason in her room, and realizes that his son is somehow involved, though hides this piece of evidence from his colleagues. He rushes to San Pedro High School to get an explanation from his son, but Gideon interrupts them, warning Mickey to leave "his friend" alone. Gideon then offers Jason a job as a sound engineer in his club, which Jason gladly accepts. As Gideon drives off, Mickey recognizes his car as the same one that drove off after the killing of Trasher. Mickey follows Gideon to his home and, after cuffing home, confronts him with the murder as well as warning him to stay away from his son. He is interrupted by his captain, who lashes out at Mickey for breaking the police rules by having visited Gideon on his own, and informs him that Gideon has an alibi for the night that Gloria was murdered. Gideon, in fact, has provided an alibi for every worker in the club, and sends Shannon  to pleasure Jason, in order to distract him from thinking that he might look suspicious. Gideon notices that Eve does not like this, as for she has become infatuated with Jason herself. Jason, meanwhile, blacks out during sex with Shannon and later moments finds her shot to death. As Mickey arrives at the spot around this time, Gideon shows him Shannon\'s body and informs him that his son is responsible. When a report is made of Shannon\'s death, the captain becomes suspicious and infuriated when he learns from Gideon that Mickey showed up at the scene of the crime only moments after her death, prompting him to think that Jason killed both women: Mickey is fired on the spot. Meanwhile, Jason remembers that Gideon shot Shannon and is trying to frame him. He convinces Eve that they should get out as soon as possible, but are stopped by Gideon\'s men. With the help from his old friend Ray Dureen  and colleague Oakes , Mickey yet again steps outside the book to prove that Gideon is framing his son. He suspects that Detective Falcone , who has always been harassing Mickey whenever he exclaimed suspicion of Gideon, might have something to do with the entire ring, and decides to follow him. Falcone drives off to Gideon\'s place at the dock, where he is currently planning on finishing off Jason and Eve. After rescuing both their lives, Mickey is captured by one of Gideon\'s men. He witnesses Gideon using his gun to kill Falcone and then prepares to kill him, when suddenly Jason comes to the rescue. After killing Gideon in an explosion, Mickey finds out that Ray was involved with the car deal ring as well, and as he goes over to confront him, Ray admits that he had Patty killed because she found out about his criminal activities. Mickey considers killing Ray, but, encouraged by Jason, turns him in to the police.'] ["An architect  accidentally gets caught up in a web of intrigue and murder when he ends up on the run on false murder charges. Kate  is a woman out to find her brother's killer. The two team up, but not before first thinking the other is the killer. The duo end up on a wild cross-country ride from New York City to the Grand Canyon"] ['Samantha Caine  is a mother and schoolteacher with a seemingly normal life in the small town of Honesdale, Pennsylvania. Eight years previously, she was found pregnant and badly injured, suffering complete amnesia after being found washed up on a beach in New Jersey. Since that time, she has hired a series of private investigators to try to uncover her past with no success, the latest  being wisecracking, ethically challenged private investigator Mitch Henessey . When television footage of a parade she participated in is broadcast, a one-eyed convict, "One-Eyed" Jack , recognizes her immediately and escapes on a mission of revenge. Caine is injured in a car accident when her car hits a deer in the middle of the road and crashes into a tree, and begins displaying unexpected skills and ruthlessness, manifesting in surprising knife-wielding abilities and uncharacteristic harshness directed toward her daughter Caitlin . When Jack suddenly attacks her, she dispatches him with lethal self-defense skills she was not aware she possessed, culminating in snapping his neck with a cold-blooded rabbit punch. Meantime, Henessy has had a break in her case—a suitcase has been found in the attic of a boarding house Caine briefly stayed at years before, discovered after the landlady died. With Hennessy and information found in the suitcase, Caine seeks out Dr. Nathan Waldman ([[Brian Cox . During the trip, Caine discovers a disassembled Remington 700 in a hidden compartment in the suitcase and smoothly assembles it out of conditioned reflex. Though Hennessy displays strong misgivings at where the situation is headed , Caine talks him into pressing on. When they meet Waldman, he reveals that Caine is really Charlene Elizabeth "Charly" Baltimore, an assassin for the CIA who went missing eight years ago. Hennessy is doubtful of this, as well as Waldman\'s sanity, until armed men who\'ve been narrowing in on them begin shooting. Caine/Baltimore\'s skills help them escape. Baltimore and Hennessy drive to an isolated farm to visit Luke ([[David Morse , a man to whom a note in the suitcase led her to believe she was engaged. They learn too late that Luke, aka "Daedalus", was actually a target she was assigned to assassinate eight years earlier . Daedelus is pleasantly surprised that Baltimore, Hennessy, and Waldman have delivered themselves to him. Waldman is killed, Hennessy is imprisoned and beaten, while Baltimore is tortured for information: She is stripped down to her slip, bra, and panties, bound with rope by her hands and feet to a waterwheel, and repeatedly lowered into ice cold water until near drowning. During this process, her real identity fully resurfaces she, kills Daedelus, escapes, kills his henchmen, and frees Hennessy. Although Charly Baltimore initially disdains her life as \'Samantha Caine\' , Hennessy forces her to recognize that she actually liked her time as Samantha as it was the first time she was truly content with herself. While attempting to resolve her conflicted feelings about her past, Baltimore discovers that her former boss at the CIA, Leland Perkins , has allied with a psychological-operations specialist named Timothy , who is a former lover of Charly, in a false flag plot to detonate a chemical bomb in downtown Niagara Falls, New York, frame "Islamic" terrorists for the crime, and thus secure more funding. She and a still-reluctant Hennessy set out to thwart the plot and rescue Caitlin, who has been kidnapped on Perkins\' order while his henchmen were trying to kill Baltimore. Baltimore and Hennessy attack the operation\'s staging area, where the truck bomb is being prepared. Along the way, Baltimore confronts Timothy with her now-restored memories of how she was shot in the head and left for dead by Jack  and reveals to Timothy that Caitlin is in fact "his" daughter. Timothy is dubious until he looks in Caitlin\'s eyes, recognizing their similarity to his own, but decides to kill Baltimore and Caitlin anyway and continue the operation. Baltimore escapes with Caitlin and, with Hennessy\'s help, thwarts the operation, killing Timothy\'s henchmen and ultimately Timothy himself. In an epilogue, Baltimore has returned to her assumed identity as Samantha Caine, declining an offer to rejoin the CIA. For his part, Hennessy enjoys the publicity attracted by his role in the crisis, and is last seen being interviewed by Larry King.'] ["Michael, the son of Robert Gant , director of the Defense Intelligence Agency , is kidnapped when he returns home from a trip to Berlin, despite a heavily armed DIA escort. The kidnapper is a former DIA agent named Sever . Former FBI agent Jeremiah Ecks  is asked by his old boss, Martin, to investigate the case. Ecks realizes that the kidnapper must be one of the Chinese girls the DIA adopts and trains as secret agents and assassins. Gant orders his DIA agents led by his right hand man, Ross, to pursue Sever. Ecks discovers that Gant stole a dangerous nanobot assassin, which operates in the human circulatory system. Gant had placed the nanobot in Michael's body in order to smuggle it into the country. At the outset of the film we see that Gant is married to Vinn , who was previously married to Ecks. It is later revealed that Gant separated Vinn and Ecks by staging their deaths by car bomb so that each of them thought the other was dead. Vinn was officially declared dead and had a closed-casket funeral attended by Ecks. Gant had also facilitated a mission in which Sever's husband and child are killed. Sever blames Gant for their deaths so it initially appears that Sever has kidnapped Gant's son, Michael, for revenge but we later learn that Michael is not Gant's son but it is actually Ecks who is Michael's father and Sever has kidnapped Michael to keep him safe from Gant. A final battle happens near an old railroad station. There, Ross and Gant confront Ecks and Sever who have teamed up to defeat Gant. A long battle with explosions and gunfire follows, with Ecks and Sever eventually getting the upper hand on the DIA agents sent to kill them. Ross confronts Sever inside a laboratory and hand-to-hand combat ensues. Eventually Sever wins the fight and kills Ross with a death strike to the neck. It is then revealed that Gant has placed the nanobot inside Michael's arm but as he attempts to retrieve it, he is surprised to learn that it isn't there. Sever then shoots Gant in the arm with the bullet prepared earlier with the nanobot, produces the remote for the nanobot and presses the button - killing him. Sever escapes as the police and FBI arrive. The film concludes with Ecks and Sever overlooking the sea and Ecks thanking Sever for reuniting him with his family."] ['A street orphan is framed for murder after uncovering a smuggling ring involving two corrupt police officers.'] ["Laura Burney  lives in a beautiful home by the beach on Cape Cod with her husband, Martin , a charmingly handsome and wealthy investment counselor who is also possessive, abusive, and controlling. It becomes clear that he has OCPD, and while she tries to abide by his needs, she seems to suffer under the strain. Martin believes Laura has been flirting with an attractive neighbor, and he physically assaults her as punishment. The abuse is an ongoing routine, which began immediately after their wedding. To escape Martin, Laura plans and fakes her own death at sea in a storm while the couple are boating. Laura had deliberately led Martin to believe that she could not swim, so he believed she had died once she was lost overboard. However, having recently taken swimming lessons at the YWCA she was able to swim safely to shore. She secretly returns home, retrieves some clothing and cash she had hidden away in preparation, disguises herself, and leaves home after flushing her wedding ring down the toilet. Laura moves to Cedar Falls, Iowa. In preparation, she has told Martin that her mother, Chloe Williams , died, and pretended to attend the funeral, but secretly she had moved her to a nursing home in Iowa. She rents a modest house and adopts the name Sara Waters. In Cedar Falls, she meets Ben Woodward ([[Kevin Anderson , who teaches drama at the local college. A relationship develops, but suffers a setback when Ben discovers that her real name is not Sara. After a date, Laura is unable to be physically intimate with Ben, and the next day, she confesses that she is on the run from an abusive husband. Meanwhile, Martin receives a chance phone call from a friend of Laura's from the YWCA and learns of Laura's swimming lessons. His suspicions aroused, Martin heads home and finds Laura's wedding ring in the toilet bowl where it failed to flush. From the Cape Cod nursing home, he learns that Laura's mother is alive, and has her traced to the nursing home in Iowa. He visits Laura's mother without revealing his identity and learns from her that Laura is seeing a college drama teacher in Cedar Falls. Martin finds Laura and Ben at a local fair, then follows her to her home. After leaving idiosyncratic clues around the house for Laura to find, Martin confronts Laura. Ben appears at the door and Martin, brandishing a gun, threatens to kill Ben if she doesn't make him leave. Laura talks to Ben and he appears to leave, but then breaks down the door and struggles with Martin, who knocks him unconscious. As he aims the gun at Ben, Laura distracts and attacks Martin, who drops the gun, and she manages to take control of it; she fires at Martin but misses. Laura holds Martin at gunpoint while she calls the police. She then tells the police that she just killed an intruder, hangs up the phone and shoots Martin three times. When Martin falls to the ground she drops the pistol and collapses, sobbing. Martin, not yet dead, picks up the gun and tries to shoot her but the gun only clicks empty. Then Martin dies. Ben is revived by Laura and they embrace as Martin's dead body lies on the ground with Laura's wedding ring inches from his hand."] ['The film opens with a montage of scenes of daily life in Australia in the 1970s: a rural school in the desert, the main street of an outback town, a traffic jam in the city, all being affected by unusually adverse weather conditions that suddenly appear. Only the local Aboriginals seem to recognize the cosmological significance of these weather phenomena. During one of these "freak rainstorms" in Sydney, an altercation occurs among a group of Aboriginals in a pub, which results in the mysterious death of one of them. At the coroner\'s inquest, the death is ruled a homicide; and four men are accused of murder. Through the Australian Legal Aid system, David Burton  is procured for their defence. The circumstances by which he was contacted and retained are unusual, in that his law practice is corporate taxation and not criminal defense. He nonetheless takes on the case, and his professional and personal lives begin to unwind. Plagued by bizarre dreams, Burton begins to sense an "otherworldly" connection to one of the accused . He also feels connected to the increasingly strange weather phenomena besetting the city. His dreams intensify along with his obsession with the murder case, which he comes to believe is an Aboriginal tribal killing by curse, in which the victim believed. Learning more about Aboriginal practices and the concept of Dreamtime as a parallel world of existence, Burton comes to believe the strange weather bodes of a coming apocalypse. The film climaxes in a confrontation between the lawyer and the tribe\'s shaman in a subterranean sacred site. Overcoming the shaman, Burton escapes to the surface to warn about the Last Wave. Seeing a huge wave looming high above Sydney, he collapses in despair in the last shot.'] ['Inspired by the Italian Giallo genre of films. 100 Days uses main plot elements from Lucio Fulci\'s 1977 classic "Sette note in nero" .{{cite web}} Devi has a vision of her sister Rama being murdered. Her college friends Sudha  and Sunil  try to help her sort through her visions but to little avail. Devi is relieved after she talks to her sister & finds that she is alive. However, just some time later, Rama is murdered the same way Devi pictured. The murderer buries Rama\'s body in a closed mansions wall. Rama is reported missing. Devi firmly believes Rama is dead. Five years later, Devi moves to her uncle\'s home where she eventually meets and is courted by millionaire businessman Ram Kumar. Sunil, who was secretly in love with Devi, is disappointed. Devi & Ram marry & enter his family mansion, which he has re-earned after a legal battle. Little known to anybody, even Devi, this is the same mansion where Rama is buried. But when Devi starts having the visions again, Rama\'s skeleton is not the only thing that will come tumbling out. Devi starts getting visions again. She sees a wall in the mansion being torn down. Devi tears down the wall, only to find a skeleton tumbling out of it. Devi knows who the skeleton is: it is Rama, since she had a necklace similar to Devi\'s on her body. Also, the woman is roughly same height as that of Rama. The Inspector quickly points out that since the mansion was closed when Devi disappeared, anyone could have snucked a dead body in there & nobody would know the truth. However, he doubts that the woman is Rama: Several such necklaces are available. Devi now gets another vision of another woman get murdered. She also pinpoints two details: a magazine cover with a horse on it and a video cassette labeled 100 Days. Sunil and Devi visit the magazine office. The editor politely informs them that the next six months\' covers do not feature any equestrian theme whatsoever. The cassette clue, too, is a dead end: no video store in Bombay carries any such title. Devi begins delving into Rama\'s life. Rama was a research scholar; she was working on a thesis about ancient sculptures and temples in India. A quick investigation by Devi reveals that many artifacts listed by Rama either mysteriously disappeared, got stolen or were replaced by fakes. She also learns that two people working in the museum, Jagmohan & Parvati were fired on the suspicion. Parvati is revealed to be the new victim of Devi\'s visions. Jagmohan is a hot headed man while Parvati knows the killer of Rama. Parvati has videotaped the murder & knows the murderer. She tries to blackmail the murderer, but the murderer tries to kill her. She sneaks into a video library, sticks a tape on the cassette, names it 100 Days & tries to escape. But Jagmohan succeeds in killing her, just as Devi had seen. Later, due to some last minute developments, the magazine prints an issue with a horse on its cover. Devi soon realizes that Parvati has been murdered. She goes to the video library & retrieves the tape. Jagmohan tries to kill her, but her luck prevails. She comes back into the mansion, where she gets a vision of herself in an injured state & a broken mirror in the mansion. She tells Ram about the developments & sits with him to watch the cassette. Ram has no idea about the cassette\'s contents. However, as the cassette is being played, Devi gets another shock: she sees Rama confronting Ram. Based on the evidence in the cassette, it becomes clear that Ram is the murderer. Devi tells him that she is pregnant with his child. Ram offers to explain. Ram tells that all his relatives fought for money all these years, leaving him alone. Soon, he took to illegal ways of earning money. He ran into Jagmohan & Parvati. Later, the trio started smuggling the artifacts. Rama suspected it & decided to expose them. That night, Ram went to talk to Rama. But Jagmohan, who lost his temper, killed her. Parvati was secretly taping the incident, but due to her camera\'s angle, it looked as if Ram was the killer. Ram offers to surrender to police & calls them. He confesses his crimes & asks them to arrest him. No sooner has he stopped talking, than Jagmohan hits him on his head with a shankh. Ram collapses unconscious, while Devi fights Jagmohan. In this unequal fight, Devi is overpowered & rendered unconscious as well. Jagmohan buries them alive in the same wall where he buried Rama. Just as he is about to escape, he sees Sunil coming in. Jagmohan hides while Sunil is surprised to see the mansion open with nobody in it. Just then, Devi\'s wrist watch chimes. Sunil is surprised to hear the sound coming from the wall & puts two & two together. He starts digging the wall, thus saving the unconscious duo. Jagmohan suddenly attacks Sunil. However, Sunil puts up a good fight with the enemy with an unfair advantage. Ram wakes up too & soon overpowers Jagmohan with help of Sunil. The police arrive on the scene. Sunil is surprised to see Ram being arrested as well. Devi looks wearily as the police vans go away.'] ['{{plot}} The movie starts off with Katie Burke  sitting on some stairs. Her friend Sam  goes with her for a walk. Katie is going to a workshop for some sort of agency that she wants to work at when she gets out of college. At the same time, Detective Wade Handler , a sober alcoholic, is given a new case by his lieutenant . It concerns a missing person named Embry Larkin . Embry was a rich orphan. Handler finds out that Embry was Katie\'s boyfriend when he disappeared. Handler contacts Katie, who says she\'s not sure if Embry disappeared, left school, or both. She also seems to be generally irritated by Handler. Katie, Sam and some friends including Harrison  and Amanda  go to a party one night, so that Katie can relax from constant stress and exhaustion, mostly because of her thesis and wondering if she\'s going to get her job. All of them get drunk/stoned, and during a cool strobe light effect scene, Katie thinks she sees Embry lurking. A few days later, she goes outside and thinks she sees him again, driving away in a car. Handler tells Katie that he thinks Embry is dead, because he had two airplane tickets to Greece that he has never used, not to mention never having taken any money or credit out of an account or anything. One night while Katie is studying hard for her thesis, she falls asleep, completely exhausted. When she wakes up, a number has been inscribed in the desk where she was sitting. It\'s a number for a library book. She goes to shelf where the book is, titled "The Inferno". Suddenly, she sees what are presumably Embry\'s eyes staring at her from the other side of the shelf. She slowly backs out. He\'s gone. Handler talks to Sam, Amanda and Harrison about Katie and Embry. Sam tells him that Embry didn\'t like Katie\'s male friends. Harrison, who has long had a crush on Katie but doesn\'t seem to realize the feeling isn\'t mutual, tells Handler than Embry once put him in the hospital because he poked him with a glass bottle. Harrison confesses to Katie that he loves her, but she says he\'s a great guy, but she doesn\'t feel the same. The next day, Katie is again in the library, hard at work. An odd girl in the library, Mousy Julie  bothers her. Julie tells her that Harrison has disappeared. Katie is convinced that Embry is responsible for Harrison\'s disappearance. Katie has lunch with Harrison\'s parents who are trying to account for his disappearance. While in the restaurant, Embry sits at another table. Katie storms outside and yells at him. He tells her to come to his country house, which was a nesting spot for the two before Embry disappeared. Katie goes there, and falls asleep again. When she wakes up, Embry is playing the piano. She tries to leave, but Embry follows her. Eventually he pins her against the wall, but she knees him in the groin and escapes. She goes over to Handler\'s apartment. Katie and Handler have sex, and in the middle, she imagines Handler transforming into Embry. She gets this out of her head, and she realizes that for the first time in a while, she\'s happy, sitting there with Handler. She also completes her thesis. Handler goes to a forensic expert, who tells him that a note that Embry has supposedly just written Katie was written 2 years before. Handler gets in his car, and buys an alcoholic drink, stressed. He drinks, but quickly spits it out. Katie is waiting on some steps for Handler to pick her up. They are going to go off somewhere together for a little. Embry suddenly attacks her, telling her that wherever she goes, he\'ll find her. Handler shows up, and Katie tells him what just happened. Katie and Handler go into an old tunnel that Katie and Embry used to hang out in a lot. Handler has his gun and flashlight. Katie continues to see Embry, but Handler doesn\'t. Suddenly, we flash back to Katie and Embry, 2 years before, in that same tunnel they\'re in now. Embry tells Katie that he\'s leaving and that he never wants to see her again. Katie gets upset, talking about the trip to Greece they\'re supposed to take together. Suddenly, Katie picks up a rock and repeatedly smashes Embry over the head with it, killing him. Katie is crazy because her father did the same thing to her when she was little. He abandoned her. Handler realizes that Katie is a psycho and that he can\'t go off with her. Katie picks up another rock and hits Handler over the head with it, plunging him to the water where he ultimately dies. We cut forward a few months. Katie is at her job that she wanted, when a man she is supposedly seeing who works with her tells her that he\'s going to get promoted, and he doesn\'t think they should be dating each other. Katie gets a look on her face...'] ["Voodoo Dawn was adapted from a pulp horror novel from John A. Russo, who was a screenwriter for both Night of the Living Dead and its remake. The story is set in the Deep South, where a diabolical, machete-wielding voodoo priest  is busily turning Haitian migrant farm workers into flesh-eating, zombie slaves. However, his plans are disrupted by the arrival of two college students searching for a missing colleague who turns out to have been one of the priest's earlier zombie experiments."] ["Clark and Summer, a young married couple, are on their way to see Summer's parents. Summer is newly-pregnant, and Clark is worried that her father will be critical of him. Their car has a blowout, and as they don't seem to have a spare tire, the shaken couple decides to walk onwards, to see if they can find help. Upon arriving at a small collection of buildings, they realise that the town is abandoned. It isn't long before a drifter in a cowboy hat comes along. Summer is thrilled to see another person, while Clark obviously has some jealousy issues. The stranger introduces himself as Joseph, and immediately overshadows Clark with his personality and style. That evening, around a campfire, the three talk: Summer shows Joseph a photo of her older son, Ben, who is Clark's stepson; Clark accepts several swigs from the bottle of whiskey that Joseph has with him; and Joseph talks about how -- unlike Clark, who is a slave to society -- he, himself, is beholden to no one except himself and God. Summer seems to admire this, while Clark seethes with jealousy. The next morning, Joseph suggests that he and Clark walk the five miles back to the couple's car and siphon off the gas, then continue on to Joseph's truck, and leave the area. Summer wants to accompany them, but Joseph and Clark both say that in her delicate condition, she should remain. Joseph pulls out a revolver and teaches Summer how to use it, touching her in an intimate way. Clark is obviously furious, but he and Joseph still set off together. On the way to the couple's car, Joseph continually mocks Clark for his weaknesses, claiming to know everything about him. Clark is convinced that Joseph is a fanatical, religious hippie. When they arrive at the car, Joseph tells Clark that everything he is about to go through is his own fault, because of his sins. He promptly disappears. Clark opens the trunk of his car to find Ben's rotting body, buzzing with flies. He is horrified, then realises that he has left Summer alone at the abandoned town. Fueled by adrenaline, Clark rushes back to the town. Meanwhile, Summer has found a room in one of the abandoned buildings with photographs on the wall -- some going back a hundred years -- including her photo of Ben, with a cross scratched onto the picture, over his face. She turns to find that Joseph is in the room with her. She attempts to shoot him, but the gun he gave her is unloaded. Joseph subdues her and uses a razor to carve a cross into her forehead, saying that she will have the mark forever, and will remember what happened there. She begs to know why he is doing this, and he claims that it is God's will. At that moment, Clark arrives and attacks Joseph, beating him to the ground. When Joseph regains consciousness, he is tied to a chair. Clark demands to know how they can escape the town, but Joseph won't say. Clark takes a pair of pliers and cuts off one of Joseph's fingers in order to make him talk. Finally Joseph admits that he is an avenging angel, sent to punish the wicked for their sins. He suggests that Clark tell Summer what was in the trunk of their car, but Clark claims it was nothing. Finally, Joseph agrees to help them leave the town, as long as he can first show them something down by the river. Just past the water tower, there is a field strewn with rough, wooden crosses, marking graves. The couple are horrified, and Summer asks if Joseph killed all those people. He claims that he never killed anyone; they all did it to themselves -- but every one of them deserved it. Further into the makeshift graveyard, there are three empty graves. Joseph again exhorts Clark to tell Summer what his sin is. Clark refuses to say. Joseph loads the gun and hands it to Summer, reiterating that she need only cock the gun and squeeze the trigger. After asking repeatedly what Clark's sin is and receiving no response, and assuming it has something to do with Ben, Summer finally shoots Clark. She slumps to the ground and asks what she did to deserve this pain. Joseph tells her that her sin is apathy: she knew something was wrong, but did nothing about it. Joseph raises his hand to the sky and murmurs a prayer, and his finger reappears. His face is no longer wounded and bloody. Leaving Summer at the graveyard with the gun, he walks off. Summer attempts to shoot herself, but the gun is empty; there was only one bullet in the chamber."] ["Martin is a law school student who takes a job as a night watchman at a morgue. When a necrophiliac serial killer begins plaguing the city, Martin finds himself the target of the madman's wrath."] ['The film begins with a great white shark moving throughout the ocean as it starts to follow an unsuspecting team of water skiers. The driver, Richie, stalls the boat and manages to get it going again before the shark can attack anyone. The shark follows the water skiers into the park and throws the gate off its rails while it is closing. Meanwhile, Florida announces the opening of SeaWorld\'s new underwater tunnels. Katherine "Kay" Morgan , the senior marine biologist, and her assistants wonder why the dolphins, Cindy and Sandy, are so afraid of leaving their dolphin pen. Shelby Overman , one of the mechanics, dives into the water to repair and secure the gates. He is attacked by a shark and killed, leaving only his severed right arm. Additionally that night, two men in diving equipment sneak into the park in a small inflatable boat to steal coral they intend to sell. One slips into the water quietly, but is taken by the shark, leaving only his diving mask drifting in the water. The other man is pulled into the water also; then something sinks the inflatable. The next day, Michael Brody  and Kay are informed of Overman\'s disappearance. They go down in a submarine to look in the tunnels to find Overman\'s body. Kay suggests the filtration pipe but Mike says that the current is too strong and that it flows into the lagoon every hour. They decide to go into a piece of scenery, the Spanish Galleon, despite the two dolphins attempting to keep them out. As they search the Spanish Galleon they encounter a small great white shark. The dolphins rescue Kay and Mike but the shark escapes back into the park. The news of the shark is disbelieved by Calvin Bouchard , the SeaWorld park manager, although the news is exciting to his hunter friend, Phillip FitzRoyce , who states his intention to kill the shark on network television. Kay protests, arguing that while killing the shark would be good for one headline, capturing and keeping a great white shark alive in captivity would guarantee TV crews and money constantly rolling into SeaWorld. The baby shark is captured and Kay and her staff nurse it to health. However, Calvin, desperate to start the money rolling in immediately, orders it moved to an exhibit as "the first great white in captivity". However, the baby shark dies in the exhibit. At the underwater tunnel, a girl is terrified when she sees part of Overman\'s corpse bob up to a window. Forcing Mike and a paramedic to let her review Overman\'s corpse, Kay realizes that the shark that killed him must be the young shark\'s mother, and that since Overman was killed inside the park, the mother shark must also be inside the park; the shape of the bite shows that the shark\'s mouth must be about 3 feet wide and thus the shark about 35 feet long. She captures the attention of FitzRoyce, but she cannot convince Calvin until the enormous shark herself shows up at the window of their underwater cafe, terrifying the customers. Flushed out from her refuge inside the filtration pipe, the shark begins to wreak havoc on the park and attacks water skier Kelly Ann Bukowski  and Sean Brody . The shark injures Kelly in the left leg and leaves. Sean is unharmed but the shark causes a leak that nearly drowns everyone in the underwater tunnel. FitzRoyce and his assistant Jack  go down to the filtration pipe in an attempt to trap the shark back inside to kill it. FitzRoyce leads the shark into the pipe but his lifeline rope snaps and the shark attacks him. FitzRoyce grabs a grenade and prepares to use it, but before he can get his other hand to the grenade to pull its safety pin he is crushed and chewed, in the shark\'s mouth as it swallows him fins first, cylinder and all as far as it can. Hearing the shark has been lured into the pipe, Michael goes down to repair the underwater tunnel so the technicians can restore air pressure and drain the water, with Kay to watch his back. He welds the repair piece and Calvin orders the pump shut down to suffocate the shark, but all shutting the pump down does is let her break free from the pipe and attack Mike and Kay. They escape thanks to help from Cindy and Sandy, who attack the shark to distract her briefly. They make their way back to the control room with Calvin and the technicians, but the shark appears in front of the window and smashes its way through the glass and floods the room. Calvin manages to swim out and rescue one technician but another technician is killed in the process. Mike notices FitzRoyce\'s corpse still in the shark\'s throat with the grenade in his hand trailing into its mouth, and uses a bent pole to pull the grenade\'s pin, killing the shark and then its jaws float through the blood and water and are shown to the viewer in 3-D. In the aftermath, Mike and Kay celebrate with Cindy and Sandy, who survived their brush with the shark.'] ['A psychological thriller that takes you through the mind of convicted killer, Michael Raine, and his experiences on death row. Was he guilty of killing his girlfriend or was he a victim of a conspiracy to frame him for a crime he didn\'t commit? As the story unfolds Jessica Foster, an assistant to the Governor of Tennessee begins to interview Raine while on death row, claiming that she\'s writing a book about the inmates. Through various circumstances, Raine puts two and two together and builds a case that he believes can prove his innocence...or does he? Ms. Foster is the only one on the \'outside" who can give Raine a voice, but is she working for those who framed him? As time draws near to the date of his execution, in his most desperate hour Raine finds the missing pieces to the puzzle to prove his innocence, but is it too late...? Was this story told from Raine\'s point of view or from the book writers or from yours, the viewer - you decide.'] ['The film begins with what a BBC reviewer called "perhaps one of cinema\'s most innovative opening sequences."{{cite web}} The scene is a long, behind-the-back tracking sequence featuring Frank Bigelow  walking through the hallway of a police station to report his own murder. Oddly, the police almost seem to have been expecting him and already know who he is.  A flashback begins with Bigelow in his hometown of Banning, California where he is an accountant and notary public. He decides to take a one-week vacation in San Francisco, but this does not sit well with Paula Gibson , his confidential secretary and girlfriend, as he does not want her to accompany him. Bigelow accompanies a group from a sales convention on a night on the town. At a "jive" nightclub called "The Fisherman", unnoticed by Bigelow, a stranger swaps his drink for another. The nightclub scene includes one of the earliest depictions of the Beat subculture. The next morning, Bigelow feels ill. He visits a doctor, where tests reveal he swallowed a "luminous toxin" for which there is no antidote. A second opinion confirms the grim diagnosis, and the other doctor implies that the poisoning must have been deliberate. Bigelow remembers his drink tasted strange. With a few days to live at most, Bigelow sets out to untangle the events behind his impending death, interrupted occasionally by phone calls from Paula. She provides the first clue: a man named Eugene Philips had tried to contact him, but died the previous day, purportedly a suicide. Bigelow travels to Philips\' import-export company in Los Angeles, first meeting Miss Foster , the secretary, then Mr Halliday , the company\'s comptroller, who tells him Eugene Philips committed suicide. From there the trail leads to Philips\' widow  and brother Stanley . The key to the mystery is a bill of sale for what turns out to be stolen iridium. Bigelow had notarized the document for Eugene Philips six months earlier. He connects Philips\' mistress, Marla Rakubian , to gangsters led by Majak . They capture Bigelow. Since Bigelow has learned too much, Majak orders his psychotic henchman Chester  to kill him. However, Bigelow manages to escape. Bigelow thinks Stanley and Miss Foster are his killers but when he confronts them, he finds Stanley has been poisoned too - after having dinner with Mrs Philips. He tells them to call an ambulance and what poison has been ingested so that, in Stanley\'s case at least, prompt treatment may save his life. Stanley tells Bigelow he found evidence that Halliday and Mrs. Philips were having an affair. Bigelow realizes that the theft was merely a diversion. Eugene discovered the affair and Halliday killed him. Halliday and Mrs. Philips used the investigation of the iridium as a cover for their crime, making it seem that Eugene Philips had killed himself out of shame. However, when they discovered that there was evidence of his innocence in the notarized bill of sale, Halliday murdered anyone who had knowledge of the bill of sale. Bigelow tracks Halliday down and shoots him to death in an exchange of gunfire. The flashback comes to an end. Bigelow finishes telling his story at the police station and dies, his last word being "Paula." The police detective taking down the report instructs that his file be marked "D.O.A."'] ['Sylvie Cooper is a teenage girl at a private school for the wealthy. She first meets "Ivy", a poor but intelligent and highly trashy girl, at a local hangout where Ivy enjoyed rope-swinging from a tree. A young boy runs up and says, "Come on! A dog got hit!" Sylvie kneels next to the still breathing dog when all of a sudden Ivy crushes the dog\'s skull with a pipe . While sitting in the office for phoning in a bomb threat to a local TV station  she sees Ivy walk in and begins to talk to her. Later that day, when Sylvie\'s father picks her up, Ivy asks for a ride. At first Darrel, Sylvie\'s father, is reluctant, but grudgingly compromises. Ivy tells Sylvie she gets car sick and asks to ride in the front . Ivy puts her feet on the dashboard and allows her mini-skirt to shrug back onto her hip revealing her legs. Darrel takes notice. A few weeks later, after Sylvie is no longer grounded, they meet again at the same hangout. They walk to Sylvie\'s house together, on the way Sylvie tells Ivy that Darrel is her adoptive father and that her biological father was black. She also says that she once tried to kill herself. Sylvie invites Ivy into her parent\'s mansion. They walk into the living room overlooking the San Fernando Valley. Ivy says that if she were to kill herself she\'d like to fall. Sylvie\'s sickly mother, Georgie, walks in on their conversation, and it turns out that Sylvie was lying about her attempted suicide and her father. Georgie does not want Sylvie to be friends with Ivy initially, but Ivy later wins Georgie over by talking about her scholarship and helping her unblock her oxygen tank. Sylvie narrates that Georgie liked Ivy\'s energy and that her parents enjoyed Ivy so much that Ivy had practically moved in. Ivy and Sylvie sleep in the same bed and share clothes, but when Georgie offers to lend Ivy some of her clothes because of their similar figures, Ivy begins to wear the expensive clothes. After a spat with her parents, Sylvie says she wants to do something to "make her parents cringe" and Ivy convinces her to get a tattoo so that "they can be like blood sisters". Darrel decides to throw a party at his house to try and improve his failing career, and he enlists Sylvie to help him. When Sylvie\'s boss at the charity center calls Ivy picks up the phone and tells him that Sylvie can work the night of the party, which allows Ivy to fill in. She straightens her hair and wears one of Georgie\'s dresses. That night, after the party, she dances in the kitchen and then begins to dance with Darrel. Georgie walks in on them and storms upstairs. While Georgie and Darrel are sitting together, Ivy walks in and tells Georgie that she is sorry. She claims that Darrel came into the kitchen to cry, and that she was only hugging him to make him feel better. Georgie believes her and accepts a glass of champagne from Ivy. She then falls unconscious because of the pills Ivy had put in the champagne beforehand. Ivy sits on the bed next to Georgie, and begins to massage Darrel with her foot while he kisses her legs. Ivy appears to change over the next few days. She continues to straighten her hair and wears more and more of Georgie\'s clothing. Sylvie becomes increasingly irritated with Ivy and throws a fit when she finds Ivy with her dog in Georgie\'s sports car. She makes Fred  choose between her and Ivy. Ivy cheats and shakes the treats in her pockets while she calls Fred. That day, Sylvie skips school and tries to spend some time alone to sort things out in her head. Darrel picks Ivy up and they go out into the forest where Ivy gets Darrel drunk while they have sex. The next morning, Georgie plays a record that Sylvie made for her and walks out onto her balcony. Ivy walks up behind her and begins talking to Georgie. Then, without warning, Ivy pushes Georgie off the balcony and makes it look like a suicide . A few weeks later, Sylvie washes Georgie\'s old sports car and Ivy walks up with the urn holding Georgie\'s remains. She suggests that they take a ride as a final goodbye to Georgie. While she\'s driving, Ivy begins to hum the song that Georgie was playing the morning Ivy pushed her. Sylvie confronts her and Ivy crashes the car to avoid answering. She moves Sylvie into the driver\'s seat to incriminate Sylvie. In the hospital, Sylvie hallucinates that her mother is sitting in front of her. This inspires her to get back to her house in an attempt to save her father from Ivy. When she gets to her house there is a raging storm. She runs inside to get out of the rain, experiencing hallucinations all along the way. When she gets inside, she sees Darrel and Ivy having sex and flees the room. Darrel goes to look for Sylvie and tells Ivy to stay inside. Ivy goes up to Georgie\'s old room and puts in the tape that was playing the morning Georgie died. She puts on Georgie\'s robe and walks out onto the balcony. Sylvie is sitting outside in the storm and sees the light and, due to her very serious head injury, believes that it is her mother on the balcony. She goes up to the room. Sylvie sees her mother turn around from the balcony. Sylvie tells Georgie that she loves her and Georgie says she loves Sylvie too. They kiss, but when Ivy begins to use her tongue, Sylvie comes out of her hallucination and sees that it is really Ivy. Ivy says how her mother wanted to die and lovingly says how they can all be a family now. Sylvie pushes Ivy off her and onto the balcony, at which point Ivy says how she can take Sylvie with her . Ivy goes off the balcony, but manages to keep from falling by holding on to Sylvie\'s necklace. The chain breaks and Ivy falls to her death, still clutching the necklace. The film ends with Sylvie narrating that she still loves and misses \'her\', following the parallel between Ivy and Georgie.'] ['A young man, Brendan , seeks work in a jazz club  owned by Finney . There is some suggestion that Finney has past connections with organised crime but is attempting to leave these behind. Two gangsters arrive to make Finney an offer \'he cannot refuse\' for his club but Brendan overhears them and warns Finney, who then turns the tables on them. At the same time Newcastle is preparing to host a visit from a group of American investors that it hopes to engage in a grandiose regeneration project. Kate , a waitress, has been recruited to service the delegation. Kate and Brendan meet and fall in love. Among the visiting group is Cosmo  a corrupt businessman who we learn uses Kate as a prostitute to secure business deals. It is Cosmo who has been putting the pressure on Finney as the club stands in the way of his plans for the city leading to an eventual conflict. A subplot involves an avant-garde jazz group called the "Kraków Jazz Ensemble" who visit Newcastle to perform and become entangled in the conflict. One of the film\'s longest scenes is a celebration to which the group is invited; this takes place among members of Newcastle\'s Polish community.'] ['A Los Angeles District Attorney  is attempting to take an unwilling murder witness  back to the United States from Canada to testify against a top-level mob boss. Frantically attempting to escape two deadly hit men sent to silence her, they board a Vancouver-bound train only to find the killers are on board with them. For the next 20 hours, as the train hurls through the beautiful but isolated Canadian wilderness, a deadly game of cat and mouse ensues in which their ability to tell friend from foe is a matter of life and death.'] ['The film opens in the final days of World War II as the Russians are on the outskirts of Berlin. A German SS general ([[Richard Lynch  is dispatched to the Swiss border with top secret materials, with orders to hide them from the Allies. In contemporary Los Angeles, Lt. Barney Caine  is assigned to solve the murder of his former boss and friend Tom Neeley. The scene is made to look like a drug deal gone wrong. However, Neeley has written \'Gene\' on a newspaper in his own blood, and Caine finds a map of Germany with the name \'Obermann\' on it. Caine is surprised to learn that Neeley provided drugs at parties hosted by the tycoon Adam Steiffel . When he interviews Neeley\'s ex-wife , he quickly catches her in several lies, and when he returns to interview her a second time, he finds her shot dead in her hot tub. Steiffel reveals in his interview that Neeley was working for him as a bagman, executing all the bribes  that are required of an American energy firm to operate in the Middle East. He sent Neeley overseas frequently to distribute money to business partners. He makes reference to a formula for a catalyst that converts coal into petroleum and claimed that the Nazis had relied heavily on their coal reserves and the formula to fuel their war efforts, given their lack of petroleum resources. Steiffel asserts that the formula has been kept secret by the powerful oil cartel, which would lose power if coal-rich countries like the United States could simply rely on their natural resources. Caine becomes convinced he must go to Germany to solve Neeley\'s murder, and after he convinces his Chief  to allow him to pursue the investigation in Europe, the Chief is seen phoning one of Steiffel\'s cronies  to tell him that Caine has taken the bait. Once in Berlin, Caine meets up with Paul Obermann  at the Berlin Zoo. Olbermann explains that the formula was in fact real, and the Nazis hid it as the war ended in an operation code-named \'Genesis\'. This confirms Caine\'s hunch that Neeley was killed over the formula, rather than a drug deal. Obermann is murdered outside the zoo, and back at his apartment, his niece Lisa  shows up to be interviewed by the police. At Obermann\'s memorial service, Caine asks Lisa to accompany him on his investigation, acting as his interpreter. She agrees and they follow up on a lead that Obermann gave him regarding Professor Siebold who worked on the formula. During their interview with Siebold, he reveals that the inventor of the formula, Dr. Abraham Esau , is still alive. After they leave his apartment, Siebold is shot in the head through a window. On their way to visit Esau, Lisa and Caine sleep together. When they meet up with Esau, he writes down the formula for Caine, after he makes Caine promise to make it public. Lisa and Caine make photocopies and send them to the LAPD and a Swiss energy company. Caine also hides two copies from Lisa, depositing them in the hotel\'s safe. In a subsequent scene, he reveals that he has deduced that she is not Obermann\'s niece at all, but a spy sent to keep tabs on him. She admits it, but claims she didn\'t sleep with him because of her orders. At the border with East Berlin, Caine confronts the assassin who killed the Neeleys, who reveals Steiffel ordered their murders. Lisa kills the assassin to prove she wasn\'t lying about her feelings for Caine, and then she flees into East Berlin. At the airport before flying home to Los Angeles, Caine realizes the two copies of the formula in the hotel safe were replaced with fakes by Lisa, and that the only real copies are with the LAPD and the Swiss. After landing in Los Angeles, he heads straight to Steiffel\'s office. Steiffel has kidnapped Caine\'s partner  and is holding him for ransom, that is, for the copy of the formula that Caine had received from Esau. Steiffel gives a speech about the reason that the "cartel" for which he works has been keeping the formula secret since 1945. The cartel\'s plan is to keep the formula secret until it has acquired control of the planet\'s coal reserves which -- to the possessor of the formula -- will be worth their weight in gold when the world runs out of oil. They had been able to keep it secret until a Swiss business man named Tauber began searching for the members of the original Genesis team, in the hopes of reconstituting the team and recreating the formula. This made the  members of the Genesis team a liability to the cartel, so Steiffel had pulled strings to get Caine sent on a trip to Germany. The plan was that Caine\'s trip would serve  as a cover for the cartel\'s plot to eliminate all of the remaining members of the Genesis team. Caine offers to turn over the original copy of the formula  in return for the release of his partner Yosuta. Steiffel agrees, and Yosuta is released. Just before leaving, Caine reveals that he sent the formula to the Swiss business man Tauber. Afer Caine has left, Steiffel rifles through his rolodex for a business card and makes a phone call to the Swiss business man  to whom Caine sent the formula. He asks Tauber to keep the formula secret for another 10 years  in exchange for a 30% share of his anthracite  holdings. They negotiate briefly, and the Swiss executive agrees to hold off on producing petroleum with the formula.'] ['A lawyer  realizes that his own wife  might be having an affair while he defends a cuckolded wife-killer.'] ['Sahasra  is a chorus singer struggling to make a career in playback singing. One night she attends a wild party at the behest of her friend. The next day, life seems as usual for Sahasra. Only she is oblivious of one small detail: The next day is actually the day after. And she is completely unaware of what happened during that one missing day. She realizes something is amiss only when, a few days later, she is chased by unidentified men who try to eliminate her. The rest of the story is about finding the missing links and putting together the jigsaw puzzle.'] ['A busload of passengers, including off-duty police detective Dave Evans, is gunned down and killed. Evans, on his own time, has been following a man named Gus Niles in search of information linking businessman Henry Camarero to the murder of his wife, Teresa, two years earlier. Evans was the partner of Detective Sergeant Jake Martin, a veteran but cynical member of the Homicide Detail working the bus massacre investigation. Jake originally investigated the Teresa Camarero case and been obsessed with his failure to "make" Camarero for the murder. Jake returns to it after many dead-end leads in the bus investigation. Niles was killed on the bus as well, and it was Niles who provided the alibi that enabled Camarero to cover up his wife\'s murder. The sullen Jake and enthusiastic but impulsive Inspector Leo Larsen are paired to interview suspects. Jake shuts out Larsen from his deductions, while Larsen, despite a loose-on-the-rules and brutal side, tries to understand and gain the confidence of his new partner. Defying the orders of their police superior Lt. Steiner, they seek, find and then smoke out Camarero, leading to a chase through the streets of San Francisco and a confrontation aboard another bus.'] ['A man, referred to in the movie only as "Man" , wakes up, severely injured, in a wrecked car in the bottom of a ravine. He has a broken leg, and is suffering from amnesia. He hallucinates about a woman finding him. After a few days of being stuck in the position, he manages to escape the car. In the car, he finds several bags of money and a loaded revolver. Hearing on the car radio about an armed robbery by a man named Raymond Plazzy, and finding a credit card in his pocket with Raymond\'s name on it, he assumes that he is Raymond Plazzy, and that he committed the robbery. A dog appears, and the man follows it into the woods. He eventually finds a working cell phone, but cannot obtain a signal in the woods. Frequently hallucinating about the woman, he finally shoots her with the revolver after realizing the hallucination led him back to the car. He then decides to get out of the ravine. After crawling for days, he finds a road and a dead body with a driver\'s licence that says Raymond Plazzy. He then pieces together what happened to him: He was running errands with his wife  when he witnessed an armed robbery and was taken hostage by Raymond, and they were driving down the road and arguing about the situation. He used the moment, grabbed the wheel, causing it to crash. The man now has a cell phone signal, and calls for help. The man is picked up by a forest ranger. He waits to get the dog in the truck, but the ranger says that there is no dog there. He enters the truck and looks out as the scene blacks out.'] ['Aloysius "Al" Reilly  is a young assistant district attorney, still wet behind the ears. He is handed a case by homicide chief Kevin Quinn, an inquiry into a shooting by NYPD detective Mike Brennan . Brennan is something of a legend in the department. A tough, crude, decorated officer, he has a hidden dark side as well as a partnership with certain figures of organized crime. Brennan shoots and kills a small-time Puerto Rican hood and then threatens witnesses to testify that he acted in self-defense. Reilly\'s case leads him to a Puerto Rican crime boss by the name of Roberto Texador , nicknamed "Bobby Tex," whose wife Nancy Bosch was once the love of Reilly\'s life. It results in violent confrontations between Texador, Reilly and the rogue cop Brennan.'] ['The film begins with ten strangers being summoned to Indian Island, a small island off the coast of Devon, by a mysterious note. Once there they discover that their unknown host, a certain "Mr. Owen", has not arrived yet. Though this fact is somewhat odd, they are told that Mr. Owen plans on arriving for dinner and so they all retire to their rooms to prepare for the evening. When they all sit down to dinner Mr. Owen still has not arrived, so they eat their meal and then relax in the living room. Suddenly a voice on a gramophone record proceeds to accuse all of them of past murders that the law was unable to prosecute them for. The guests vehemently deny any wrongdoing, and the decision is made to leave the island immediately. Rogers, however, tells them that there is no way to get the boat from the mainland. There is no phone on the island, and the boat only comes twice a week; it will not be back until Monday morning, while it is now only Friday night. At this point Starloff confesses that the accusations against him are true. His only punishment was to have his driving license revoked. Soon thereafter he takes a drink of whiskey and chokes to death. Though Dr. Armstrong confirms that there was poison in Starloff\'s glass, he is unable to ascertain whether his death was murder or suicide. At the same time Rogers also discovers that one of ten little Indian figurines on the dinner table has broken. The next morning the guests arise and prepare for breakfast, only to be greeted with ominous news: Mrs. Rogers has died in her sleep, victim of an apparent overdose of sedative . Another figurine is also missing. With two deaths in twelve hours, the remaining guests decide to form a search party and canvass the island, as they believe that Mr. Owen, whoever he might be, is hiding somewhere. But a search of both the house and the outside area proves fruitless, as no one is found. They come back to the house for lunch, only to discover the body of Gen. Mandrake, a knife protruding from his back. This time the evidence is conclusive: Mr. Owen has invited them here to exact punishment for their past crimes...but there is no one else on the island. It is the judge who arrives at the answer. Since there truly is no one else among them, there is only one explanation: Mr. Owen is one of them. Their suspicions now aroused, the guests take care to remain in sight of each other at all times. Quincannon decides to hold a secret vote, whereby everyone writes down their suspect and puts it into a hat. Rogers receives two votes, more than anyone else. The guests decide that they would feel safer with him not sleeping in the house, so Rogers spends the night in the washhouse. The guests ask him to keep the key to the dining room, which contains the Indian figurines, as they intend to lock him out of the house, and that way Mr. Owen will not have access to the figures in any possible way . But when they wake up the next morning they find Rogers dead, his head split open with an axe, and another little figure missing. They are suspicious of Miss Brent, who claims to have been out for a walk by the ocean that morning. As Vera prepares breakfast in the kitchen, Miss Brent advises her to be cautious of Lombard, who has taken a bit of an interest in her. Alone with Vera, Miss Brent tells her version of the story regarding the gramophone\'s accusation. She says that her young nephew had been quite rebellious, and since whipping did no good she had him placed in a reformatory; he then hanged himself. Later that day Miss Brent\'s lifeless body is found in her room, dead of a lethal injection. Dr. Armstrong searches his medical kit and discovers his hypodermic needle missing, apparently the same one used to kill Miss Brent. It is also established that Lombard carried a revolver to the island with him, but it is now missing as well. With only five guests remaining tensions are running high. When the lights begin to flicker, Blore goes to check the generator, accidentally causing it to short circuit, and the house is plunged into darkness. Quincannon advises Armstrong that this was probably a ploy by the killer, but since he and Armstrong have been together the entire time, this means that they can trust one another. As everyone sits down to dinner that night Armstrong and Quincannon tell the others that they believe the best chance of surviving Mr. Owen\'s trap is to confess the truth. Quincannon reveals that the accusation against him is true; he sentenced Edward Seton, who was innocent, to death in order to ruin the reputation of his defending council. Armstrong also admits to the death of his patient due to being drunk. Though hesitant at first, Blore also confesses to perjuring his testimony against an innocent man. Lombard likewise states that the record\'s accusation was true. But when it comes time for Vera to tell her story, she says that she is cold and goes to her room to get a coat while the others wait for her in the dining room. After a few moments they hear her terrified shriek and rush out of the room. In the confusion of the moment a single gunshot is heard. They find Vera cowering in a corner of the hallway, and she tells them that when she went into her room she felt something like a cold hand. Blore goes to investigate and finds a piece of seaweed that Miss Brent had brought back to the house earlier hanging from the ceiling of Miss Claythorne\'s room. They then realize that Quincannon is not among them. Blore believes that the judge fired the shot at one of them in the dark. They make their way downstairs and discover Lombard\'s gun on the staircase. They make their way back to the dining room and find Quincannon dead from a gunshot to the head. After depositing Quincannon\'s body in his room, Dr. Armstrong asks Vera for the truth about her sister\'s fiance. Though reluctant, she insists that she is innocent of the accusation and goes to her room. Armstrong tells Blore and Lombard that to his mind this indicates Vera is quite likely to be Mr. Owen. Armstrong says that prior to his death, Quincannon advised him that only the person who had not committed a crime would be interested in meting out "justice". Blore seems to accept this explanation, but Lombard is highly skeptical. They all retire to their rooms. Later that night Vera wakes up to find Lombard standing outside her patio, wanting to be let in. She admits him only after he lets her take his gun for protection. Philip says that he wants to be with Vera when the real Mr. Owen comes into the room, which he suspects will be very soon. In the meantime he asks her again about the accusation against her, and Vera repeats that she is innocent of the crime. She explains to him that it was her sister who killed the man, and she helped conceal the murder and took care of her sister until she died. They then hear someone walking around outside the room, and Philip goes to investigate. Before leaving, however, he reveals that he is not really Philip Lombard. Vera and Philip go to Blore\'s room and find him there, but Armstrong is missing from his room. When the three of them go to the dining room they discover another missing figure, but they believe that Armstrong is trying to make them believe he is dead. The next morning Blore is checking around the house with binoculars, as they all wait for the boat to arrive. He is murdered when a large stone structure falls on him. Lombard and Vera find his body, and Philip takes the binoculars and sees what the detective was looking at. He and Vera make their way to the island\'s beach and find Armstrong\'s corpse. Lombard states that he has been dead for hours, as there are no footprints around the body. As they are the only two left, Vera believes that Lombard is the murderer. Lombard, however, cannot bring himself to believe that Vera is a killer. He tells her that his real name is Charles Morley, and that he knew Philip Lombard very well. He found Mr. Owen\'s invitation and came to the island, impersonating Lombard to see if the invitation had anything to do with his friend\'s death. Charles tells her to aim the gun away from him and pull the trigger. When he falls she is to go to the mansion. She does so, he collapses, and she makes her way back to the house. Once inside she is confronted with the true culprit: Judge Quincannon. Quincannon tells her that all his life he searched for perfect human justice, and this weekend was his way to bring it about. After learning that he was terminally ill he concocted this plan. As part of his scheme he deceived Armstrong into thinking that the two of them could discover who the murderer was; together they faked the judge\'s death, but it wasn\'t until the last minute that Armstrong realized he had been made a fool of and Quincannon killed him. Quincannon drinks a glass of poisoned whiskey and tells Vera that she has two options. She can commit suicide by hanging herself here, privately, or wait to be convicted at trial  and be hanged publicly. Right before he dies, however, Charles appears behind Vera and Quincannon realizes that two will survive and will be able to tell what actually happened on Indian Island. At that moment, the boatman arrives to take them back to the mainland. The nonsense poem Ten Little Indians is recited and sung throughout the film; and each death in the film corresponds in order, and means of death, to the corresponding death in the poem.'] ["Jane  and Cathy  are two young nurses from London, taking a cycling holiday in rural France. When they stop at a busy cafe, Jane wants to plan their route, but Cathy is more interested in a handsome man , whom she spies drinking alone at the next table. Later, as Jane and Cathy make their way along a quiet country road, the man, who rides a Lambretta scooter, overtakes them, and they pass him a few minutes later, as he rests by a cemetery gate. Cathy becomes intrigued by him. Stopping for a rest, Cathy decides she wants to sunbathe for a while, but Jane wants to push on. Eventually they argue, and Jane decides to carry on alone. A short while later, at a lonely café, the owner tries to tell Jane, in poor English, that the area has a bad reputation. She begins to reconsider her decision, and heads back to the spot where she left Cathy earlier, unaware that something has already happened. Unable to find her friend, and increasingly concerned about the presence of the scooter rider, Jane decides to look for the local police officer . Jane becomes convinced that the moped driver, who is called Paul, and who says he is a plain-clothes detective, is in fact Cathy's attacker. She escapes from him - in the process discovering Cathy's dead body - and re-encounters the policeman, who is then revealed as Cathy's actual murderer. He attacks Jane but is stopped by Paul, who knocks him unconscious."] ["Stu Shepard  is an arrogant and cocky married New York City publicist who has been seeing a woman named Pam  behind his wife Kelly's  back. He uses the last remaining public phone booth in the city to contact Pam. During the call, he is interrupted by a pizza delivery man, who attempts to deliver a free pizza to him, but Stu turns him away. As soon as Stu completes his call to Pam, the phone rings. Stu answers, to find that the caller, who knows his name, warns him not to leave the booth, and says he will say hello to Pam for him. He also says he will call Kelly, leaving Stu panicked. The caller tells Stu that he has tested two previous individuals who have done wrong deeds in a similar manner , giving each a chance to reveal the truth to those they wronged, but in both cases, neither agreed and were killed. To demonstrate the threat, the caller fires a silenced sniper rifle at a toy sold by a nearby vendor; the damage is unseen by anyone but Stu and the caller himself. The caller demands that Stu confess his infidelity to both Kelly and Pam to avoid being killed. The caller contacts Pam, and puts her on line with Stu, who reveals that he is married. The caller then hangs up, telling Stu to call Kelly himself. As Stu hesitates, the booth is approached by three prostitutes demanding to use the phone. Stu refuses to leave, having been warned by the caller not to make a public disturbance. Leon , the prostitutes' pimp, joins his charges, and starts to smash the side of the booth. The caller offers Stu to kill Leon for him, and Stu agrees. Leon is shot and killed, causing a panic in the streets. Soon, police and newscrews arrive to cover the story.   Police Captain Ed Ramey , already suspecting Stu of being the killer, corners the streets with police roadblocks and starts trying to negotiate with him to leave the booth, but Stu rejects, telling the caller that there is no way they can incriminate him; the caller proves him wrong, pointing to a handgun that was planted in the roof of the phone booth. Both Kelly and Pam soon arrive on the scene. The caller demands Stu tell Kelly the truth, which he does. The caller then orders Stu to choose between Kelly and Pam, and the woman he does not choose will be killed. While on the phone with the caller, Stu secretly uses his cell phone to call Kelly, allowing her to overhear his conversation with the caller. She, in turn, quietly informs Captain Ramey of this. Meanwhile, Stu continues to confess to everyone that his whole life is a lie, to make himself look more important than he really is. Stu's confession provides sufficient distraction to allow the police to trace the payphone call to a nearby building, and Ramey uses coded messages to inform Stu of this. Stu warns the caller that the police are on the way, and the caller replies that if he is caught, then he will kill Kelly. Panicked, Stu grabs the handgun and leaves the booth, screaming for the sniper to kill him instead of Kelly or Pam. The police fire upon Stu, while a smaller force breaks into the room that the caller was tracked to, only to find the gun and a man's corpse. Stu regains consciousness to find the police only fired rubber bullets at him, stunning but not harming him. Stu and Kelly happily reunite. As the police bring down the body, Stu identifies it as the pizza delivery man from earlier. Stu gets medical treatment at a local ambulance; as he does, a man with a briefcase  passes by and says that he regrets killing the pizza deliverer and warns Stu that if his newfound honesty does not last, he will be hearing from him again. The man disappears into the crowd before Stu realizes he was the caller on the other end of the phone."] ["{{Expand section}} A woman realizes that she is being watched in her apartment by someone. That person makes threatening calls to her. She reports it to the police, who don't take her seriously, so she decides to take action on her own."] ['U.S. President Henry Ashton  attends a political summit in Salamanca, Spain to promote an international treaty. Displayed with eight differing viewpoints, an assassination attempt on the president occurs, relayed in a time span of 23 minutes. Each time the events unfold from the beginning, a new vantage point is shown revealing additional details, which ultimately completes the story of what actually took place during the incident. In the third vantage point, Enrique, who claims to be a Spanish police officer assigned to protecting the mayor of Salamanca, sees his girlfriend Veronica , being embraced by a stranger and overhears them speaking about meeting under an overpass. When he confronts her, Veronica assures Enrique of her love for him as he hands her a bag. When the president is shot, Enrique rushes onto the stage to protect the mayor, but is tackled by Barnes. While being detained, he witnesses Veronica toss the bag he gave her under the podium, causing the second explosion. Enrique escapes as the agents who previously had him in custody, mount a chase while firing shots in his direction, failing to subdue him. Enrique confronts an unseen individual at the overpass and asks if he is surprised to see him still alive. The fourth vantage point revolves around Howard Lewis who is chatting with a man called Sam , while a little girl named Anna , bumps into him and drops her ice cream. Later, Lewis notices Barnes looking at the curtain fluttering in the window of a nearby building, and captures the footage with his camcorder. Following the second explosion at the podium, Lewis chases Enrique and the pursuing Secret Service agents. At the overpass, Lewis views the pair of agents from afar shooting in the direction of Enrique as he greets an individual in a police uniform under the overpass. Seriously wounded, Enrique falls to the ground. Lewis sees Anna who had earlier become separated from her mother, trying to cross a busy intersection. An ambulance races down the road about to hit Anna, as Lewis runs out to save her.'] ["{{quote}} The film opens with Shakespeare's proverb, and words on the screen announcing that its purpose is to highlight the virtues of psychoanalysis in banishing mental illness and restoring reason. Dr. Constance Petersen  is a psychoanalyst at Green Manors, a mental hospital in Vermont, and is perceived by the other  doctors as detached and emotionless. The director of the hospital, Dr. Murchison , is being forced into retirement, shortly after returning from an absence due to nervous exhaustion. His replacement is the much younger Dr. Anthony Edwardes . Dr. Petersen notices that there is something strange about Dr. Edwardes. He has a peculiar phobia about seeing sets of parallel lines against a white background, first displayed in an inappropriate reaction to seeing a diagram drawn with the tines of a fork on a tablecloth. Dr. Petersen soon realizes, by comparing handwriting, that this man is an impostor and not the real Dr. Edwardes. He confides to her that he killed Dr. Edwardes and took his place. He suffers from massive amnesia and does not know who he is. Dr. Petersen believes that he is innocent and suffering from a Guilt Complex. 'Dr. Edwardes' disappears during the night, having left a note for Dr. Petersen that he is going to the Empire State Hotel in New York City. It becomes public knowledge that 'Dr. Edwardes' is an impostor, and that the real Dr. Edwardes is missing and may have been murdered. Dr. Petersen goes to the Empire State Hotel, knowing that the police are in pursuit. She needs to use her psychoanalytic skills to unlock his amnesia and find out what had really happened. One of Hitchcock's characteristic innocent-person-pursued-by-the-police evasions ensues, as Dr. Petersen and the impostor  travel by train to Rochester, to meet Dr. Brulov , who had been Dr. Petersen's teacher and mentor. The two doctors analyze a dream that 'John Brown' had. The dream sequence  is full of psychoanalytic symbols&mdash;eyes, curtains, scissors, playing cards , a man with no face, a man falling off a building, a man hiding behind a chimney dropping a wheel, and wings. They deduce that Brown and Edwardes had been on a ski trip together  and that Edwardes had somehow died there. Dr. Petersen and Brown go to the Gabriel Valley ski resort  to reenact the event and unlock his repressed memories. Near the bottom of the hill, Brown's memory suddenly returns. He recalls that there is a precipice in front of them, over which Edwardes had fallen to his death. He stops them just in time. He also remembers a traumatic event from his childhood&mdash;he slid down a hand rail and accidentally knocked his brother onto sharp pointed railings, killing him. This incident had caused him to develop amnesia and a generalized guilt complex. He also remembers that his real name is John Ballantyne. All is understood now, and Ballantyne is about to be exonerated, when it is discovered that Edwardes had a bullet in his body. Ballantyne is convicted of murder and sent to prison. A heartbroken Dr. Petersen returns to her position at the hospital, where Dr. Murchison is once again the director. After reconsidering her notes from the dream, she realizes that the 'wheel' was a revolver and that the man hiding behind the chimney and dropping the wheel was Dr. Murchison hiding behind a tree, shooting Dr. Edwardes and dropping the gun. She confronts Murchison with this and he confesses, but says that he didn't drop the gun; he still has it. He pulls it out of his desk and threatens to shoot her. She walks away, the gun still pointed at her, and explains that while the first murder carried extenuating circumstances of his own mental state, murdering her as well surely would result in the electric chair. He allows her to leave and turns the gun on himself. Dr. Petersen is then reunited with Ballantyne."] ['Dr. Wrenn ([[David Warner  visits John Trent , a patient in a psychiatric hospital, and asks Trent to recount his story: After exposing an arson-fraud scam, Trent, an insurance investigator, has lunch with a colleague who preps him on his next assignment, investigating a claim made by New York-based Arcane Publishing. During their conversation, Trent is attacked by a man wielding an axe who asks him, "Do you read Sutter Cane?" The man is shot dead by a police officer before he can harm Trent. Trent later meets with Arcane Publishing director Jackson Harglow  who tasks him with investigating the disappearance of popular horror novelist Sutter Cane . Cane vanished days before his latest book was released, and Harglow requests that Trent recover the manuscript for Cane\'s final novel of his popular series. He assigns Cane\'s editor, Linda Styles , to accompany him—Cane\'s agent will be of no help as he was the man with the axe who tried to kill Trent earlier. After reading several of Cane\'s novels for research, Trent experiences vivid nightmares of monsters and deformed people murdering each other with axes. Linda explains the stories are known to cause disorientation, memory loss, and paranoia in "less stable readers." Trent remains skeptical, convinced that the disappearance is merely an elaborate publicity stunt. Trent notices a series of red lines on Cane\'s book\'s covers that, when aligned properly, form the outline of New Hampshire and mark a location alluded to be Hobb\'s End, the fictional setting for many of Cane\'s works. As they set out to find the town, Linda experiences bizarre phenomena during the late-night drive: a boy riding a bicycle whose visage changes as she somehow passes him three times, the yellow road lines vanishing followed by the road itself disappearing, the car driving above thunderhead storm clouds, entering a rustic covered bridge in darkness and inexplicably arriving on the other side at Hobb\'s End in daylight. Trent and Linda search the small town and begin encountering fictional people and landmarks described in Cane\'s novel, including Mrs. Pickman , whose hotel they check into, and the Black Church, described in Cane\'s books as a fount of evil that pollutes the entire town. Trent and Linda watch as a group of townspeople arrive at the Black Church wielding shotguns and torches, demanding Cane return a missing child. Johnny, the son of one of men of the group, suddenly appears in the doorway to the Church, supplanted by Cane himself. The townspeople are then set upon by dogs and driven off. Trent believes the events to be staged, but Linda does not. She admits to Trent that Arcane Publishing\'s claim was indeed a fraud and a stunt to promote Cane\'s book. However, the unusual events and exact replica of Hobb\'s End were never part of the plan. Trent prepares to go back to report to Harglow, but is prevented when Linda steals the car keys. She heads to the Black Church to confront Cane, and is exposed to his final novel, In The Mouth Of Madness, driving her insane. Trent is approached at a bar by Johnny\'s father who warns him to leave before the evil infects him as it has the inhabitants of Hobb\'s End. Trent later returns to the bar and witnesses the man commit suicide with a shotgun as he proclaims to merely be a character written to do it. Outside the bar, a mob of mutated, monstrous-looking townspeople descend upon him with shotguns and torches. He flees to the hotel and discovers that Mrs. Pickman  and Linda have also been altered into mutated versions of their former selves. Trent attempts to drive away from Hobb\'s End but is repeatedly teleported back to the center of town, subsequently crashing while swerving to avoid hitting Linda. He awakens in a confessional where Cane explains that the popularity of his eldritch stories have created a sufficient amount of belief to free an ancient race of monstrous beings that will reclaim the Earth. Cane further reveals that Trent himself is merely a character and has no choice but to return the manuscript of In The Mouth Of Madness to Arcane Publishing, ushering the end of humanity. After giving Trent the manuscript, Cane tears his face open like a piece of paper, ripping a hole that leads into darkness and creating a portal to the dimension of Cane\'s monstrous masters. Trent flees down a long tunnel as monsters chase him and he suddenly finds himself lying on a country road, apparently back in reality. During his return to New York, Trent destroys the manuscript, but it somehow is redelivered to him, prompting Trent to destroy it again and again. Back at Arcane Publishing, Trent relates his experience to Harglow and explains why he has no manuscript to return. Harglow informs him that Linda never existed; Trent was sent alone to find Cane. What is more, Trent himself had delivered the manuscript to Harglow months ago. In The Mouth Of Madness has been on sale for weeks with a movie adaptation set to release soon. Trent suffers a psychotic break and is arrested after he murders a reader of the newly released novel with an axe, asking him "Do you like the book?" Dr. Wrenn, after listening to Trent recount his story, concludes that Trent\'s story answers nothing and leaves. That night, amidst a thunderstorm, Trent sees disturbing shadows flicker on the wall and hears human and inhuman screams echo throughout the hospital. Trent wakes the following day to find his cell door torn from its hinges and the residents of the hospital slaughtered. He departs as an abandoned ambulance\'s radio announces that the world has been overrun with mutant creatures and outbreaks of suicide and mass murder. Trent goes to see the In the Mouth of Madness metafilm only to discover that he is the \'star\' of the film. As he watches his previous actions play out on screen, Trent bursts into hysterical laughter/crying, leaving the exact nature of reality uncertain.'] ["Midori Takada  arrives in Sydney with her new husband Yukio . She believes her marriage is a mistake and uses the honeymoon as a means to escape by walking out of their hotel room. She goes to a bank but a robbery takes place. Colin O'Brien  is an experienced getaway driver. He is hired by an Australian-Afghani family who plan to rob a bank. During the robbery one member is killed by being crushed by the banks security screen. They grab a hostage  and escape. In some wasteland outside the city they decide to get rid of their hostage. Colin will not stand by and watch her be killed. He shoots one of the brothers and threatens to shoot the other – Mahood . Colin and Midori escape. Colin wishes to travel to his father's farm . Midori sees this as her opportunity to continue on her plans to escape and chooses to stay with Colin. Over the course of their trip they form a bond. Mahood returns home with the news of the death of his brothers. His father Boorjan  swears revenge and they set out to track Colin and Midori. The police, watching the family also set out to track down Colin. Yukio is also told of his wife's involvement but he knows she had walked out. His honor is injured and he also sets out to find her to pay her back. The film then becomes a road-movie as we see the two soon-to-be-lovers venture across New South Wales followed by the police, Yukio, and the Turkish family all seeking to catch up with them, but for different ends"] ["In 1944, soon after the Soviet Red Army had liberated Lithuania from the Nazi forces, the Nazis launch a counter-assault. During this time, a family from an aristocratic background, consisting of eight-year-old Hannibal Lecter, his younger sister, Mischa, and their parents, quickly escape to the family's hunting lodge. After the Nazis take over at Lecter Castle, six Lithuanian militiamen, who want to join the Waffen-SS, are told to prove their worth. Grutas orders them to kill the Lecters' Jewish cook. They also threaten another servant of the Lecter household, asking him if he was a Gypsy or a Jew. As this happens, the Soviet Red Army begins launching attacks to retake the area. A Soviet tank crew stops at the Lecters' lodge, telling the Lecters to leave the house while they get some water. The Soviet soldiers allow Hannibal and Mischa to stay within the lodge, where it is warmer. The Soviet tank is then spotted by a German Stuka bomber, which sparks a firefight. The bomber is shot down by the tank, but subsequently crashes into it, and the ensuing explosion kills everyone still alive, except Hannibal and Mischa, who had remained inside the lodge. The Lithuanian militiamen then loot Lecter Castle as the Soviet Red Army draws nearer. The Soviet advance forces the Nazi militiamen to hide out in the woods, where they locate the Lecter lodge. Finding no other food in the bitterly cold Baltic winter, they murder and cannibalize Mischa in front of her brother, who escapes and is found by Soviet soldiers. Eight years later, Lecter once again lives in Lecter Castle, which has been turned into a Soviet-run orphanage. He has been rendered mute by his childhood trauma. Lecter escapes the castle orphanage, gets through border controls, and goes to live in Paris with his aunt, the Lady Murasaki. She gets him to speak and begins teaching him the arts of flower arrangement, martial arts, and ancestor worship. At a local market, a butcher and former Vichy collaborator, makes anti-Japanese racist remarks about Lady Murasaki. The butcher later goes fishing and is defiant when Lecter turns up to request an apology. Lecter slices the butcher's stomach, arm, and back with a katana samurai sword, and then decapitates him.  That same evening, he is questioned about the butcher's murder by Inspector Popil, a French detective who also lost his family during the war. While her protege is being interrogated, Lady Murasaki places the butcher's head outside the headquarters with a Swastika carved into his forehead. Lecter soon becomes the youngest person ever admitted to medical school in France. He receives a working scholarship, where he is given a job preparing cadavers. One day, Lecter witnesses a condemned war criminal receiving a sodium thiopental injection to force him to recall details about his crimes. In an attempt to recall the names of those responsible for his sister's death, Lecter injects himself with the solution while listening to Glenn Gould's recording of the Goldberg Variations. His subsequent flashback reveals that Pot Watcher had the dog tags of the other men who killed Mischa, and was then killed as the advancing Soviet forces bombed a part of the lodge. Lecter reasons that the dog tags should still be in the ruins of the lodge. Lecter returns to Lithuania in search of the dog tags, as well as his sister's remains. While crossing the Soviet border, he draws the attention of Dortlich, who is now a Soviet border patrol officer. Lecter excavates the ruins of the lodge and unearths the dog tags of the deserters who murdered his sister. Dortlich tries to kill him, but Lecter gets the upper hand and incapacitates him. After he buries Mischa's remains, Lecter tortures Dortlich into revealing the whereabouts of his accomplices. He then decapitates Dortlich with a horse-drawn pulley. At a restaurant in Fontainebleau, Lecter finds Kolnas's young daughter, whom he notices is wearing Mischa's bracelet. He then gives her Kolnas's dog tag. Kolnas enters the restaurant, but Lady Murasaki persuades Lecter not to kill him, for the sake of Kolnas's children. Dortlich's murder, along with Kolnas' dog tag, puts the rest of the group on alert. Grutas, now a sex trafficker, dispatches a second member of the group, Zigmas Milko, to kill Lecter. Milko sneaks into Lecter's laboratory at night with a gun, but Lecter senses his presence and knocks him out with an injection. Just as detective Popil is entering the lab, Lecter locks Milko in the cadaver tank and leaves him to drown in the embalming fluid. Popil questions Lecter about Dortlich's murder, but is again unable to establish Lecter's guilt. Popil then tries to dissuade him from hunting the gang and offers to let him go free if he helps locate Grutas. After Lecter leaves, Popil remarks to his assistant that Lecter lost all of his humanity when Mischa died. Lady Murasaki begs him to stop, but Lecter says that he made a promise to Mischa. He plants a time bomb in Grutas' home and attacks him in the bath. A maid alerts Grutas' bodyguards, but just as they are about to kill him, Lecter's bomb goes off and he escapes. Grutas kidnaps Lady Murasaki to use her as bait. Lecter recognizes the sounds of Kolnas' ortolans from his restaurant in the background. Lecter goes there and threatens Kolnas' children, forcing him to give up the location of Grutas' boat. Lecter then says he will leave Kolnas alone for the sake of his family. Kolnas goes for the gun anyway, so Lecter impales him through the head with his tantō. Lecter goes to the houseboat. Just as he is about to untie Lady Murasaki, Grutas shoots him in the back. Grutas then proceeds to molest Lady Murasaki. Lecter takes out the tantō, which was broken by the force of the bullet, and slashes Grutas' Achilles tendons with it, crippling him. Grutas claims that Lecter too had consumed his sister in broth fed to him by the deserters, and he was killing them to keep this fact secret. An enraged Lecter carves his sister's initial, M, into Grutas's chest. Lady Murasaki flees in horror. Lecter proceeds by biting off Grutas' cheeks. The houseboat is then incinerated, but Lecter, assumed to be dead, emerges from the nearby woods on the shore. Lecter hunts down the last member of the group, Grentz, in Canada. After killing him, Lecter moves to the United States to begin a new life, having been accepted to Johns Hopkins Medical School in Baltimore."] ["Jennifer Morgan  is a young painter who has secluded herself from the social world since being raped two years earlier. At a family party she meets Chris Gallagher , who falls in love with her. She is reluctant to be intimate with him, but he convinces her to marry him, by which she hopes to let go of her tragic past. Shortly after the ceremony, Chris' 17-year-old cousin Dana  warns Jennifer that she will not be happy with him, but Jennifer sees no harm in it. Because Chris has recently joined the Navy, Jennifer agrees to move with him to the seaside, where she befriends Nancy Halloran . Shortly after, Gina Corbet , a neighbor, becomes the victim of a peeping tom and is later raped by a masked man. Most women of the neighborhood leave in panic, but Chris dismisses the danger and convinces Jennifer that they are overreacting. Meanwhile, Chris' dark side is starting to emerge and he becomes more violent and possessive. Jennifer finds out that Chris has been released from his Navy duty by threatening to kill himself if he had to go to sea. When she tells him about this, he responds aggressively, accusing her of being a spy. The same night, he is arrested for voyeurism. Chris pleads guilty to the charges, and agrees to a disposal from the Navy. Jennifer is devastated by this news, considering that she has recently found out that she is pregnant. Regardless, she gives him another chance, and upon moving back to their previous home, things take a turn for the better. However after a while, Chris' temper returns and women in the neighborhood are again being tortured by a masked rapist. Following the birth of Jennifer's daughter, Dana tells Jennifer that she was molested by Chris as a child. Jennifer starts to suspect his involvement in the string of rapes. After talking to a Detective from California, who tells her that he had all the evidence but could not do anything because Chris was under the protection of a district attorney friend , Jennifer decides that it is time to leave her husband. Chris, however, is unwilling to let her go, and he turns to domestic violence. Jennifer is rescued by two police officers, and afterwards presses charges against her husband. She drops them only a few days later, when Chris convinces her that he will not be convicted and threatens to harm her and their baby if she runs away. While posing as his loving wife, she tries to collect evidence against him. She finds his weapons in his car, but by the time the police arrive, they have disappeared. After this occurrence, Chris' threats increase. One night, she follows him when he suddenly leaves at a late hour. She catches him putting on his rape clothes and warns the police. Chris tries to get away, but is eventually arrested. In the epilogue titles, it is revealed that Chris pleaded guilty to four counts of aggravated sexual assault and one count of sexual attempted assault. He was sentenced to a term of 99 years."] ["James McGregor receives a fax of a stranger's obituary. The next day, he is arrested and charged with the stranger's murder."] ['A troubled police detective Huang Huo-tu suffers from a severe mental breakdown as his life is falling apart. He is relegated to a mundane job as a Foreign Affairs Officer as a payback for blowing the whistle on corruption in the force. His young daughter is suffering from the fallout of being held hostage in a police crossfire. His colleagues have turned on him and his wife Ching-fang is filing for divorce. Huang is a Waisheng ren  in Taiwan and speaks with heavy Cantonese accent. He is also able to speak English and Tagalog. Suddenly, a series of bizarre deaths in Taipei baffle local investigators. A Catholic priest of foreign nationality also suffered a horrible death of disembowelment. The priest is involved in Taiwan-US military trade, so a FBI agent Kevin Richter is called in to help and Huang is called in for liasoning. Kevin is the topmost serial killer expert in the field, before being called to Taiwan, Kevin was puzzled by another series of murders in US, in which all victims look willing to die. The crime scenes imply involvement of supernatural force. In one case a businessman froze to death in his office - in the middle of a heatwave; the mistress of a prominent official calls the fire department and is later found burned to death - with no sign of fire in her apartment. Richter partners Huang who has less trouble believing that something supernatural is behind them, and on that angle he persuades him to investigate a local cult. After consulting a scholar in Academia Sinica, Huang and Kevin find the serial killing follows a Taoist belief that one must fullfill five suffering required to become a Xian, an immortal being. According to legends, the one who can succeed the five rituals is born with double pupil. They also find that all victims have done something against their conscience, and that a kind of fungus was used to induce hallucination, pleasure and guilt which make victims kill themselves. An advanced technology was used to spread the fungus, and the Police trace this technology to two boss of an electronics company. The two boss has spent their fortune and technology to move a Taoist temple into their company, where many cult believers gather. The police enter the temple, but the die heart believers begin a ritualistic massacre which kills almost all police and believers. After the massacre Kevin and Huang find a seemingly innocent girl survivor, and the case seems to close. However the next day Huang finds Kevin dead from swallowing his tongue, which is the fifth suffering required. Huang find that both him and Kevin are infected with the fungus by the girl. Huang begins to hallucinate with the guilt he holds toward his wife and daughter, and returns to the temple to confront the girl survivor, who is the mastermind the believers followed. The girl is born with double pupil in her eye and believes that by having Huang kill her she can complete the fifth requirement and become immortal. Huang kills the girl and is overwhelmed by hallucination and guilts, but in the end he is allowed to return to his wife and child. The film ends with a Buddhist Gatha, which the late and DVD version is "因愛生憂,因愛生懼,若遠離愛者,無憂亦無懼。" but the first screened version with less violence scenes is "love is immortal"'] ["Robert Forrester is going through a painful divorce from his wife Nickie. He begins spying on Jenny Thierolf, a girl living in the countryside, because to him she represents a state of harmony, a stark contrast to his own personal life. Jenny catches him one night, but instead of being upset, she invites him in and they talk. Jenny ends her relationship with her fiancé Greg, believing her chance meeting with Robert was an act of fate. Jenny's friends, who are still sympathetic towards Greg, disapprove of her choice. Jenny starts stalking Robert: She waits for him outside of his office, calls him late at night, and tries to sleep over at his house. He resists her advances, and tells Jenny that he has received a promotion at work and will be moving away to Philadelphia, making any relationship between them impossible. Jenny offers to come with him to Philadelphia, but he declines. Later, when Robert is driving home on a lonely country road, Greg stops his car and attacks him. Though hurt by the younger and stronger Greg, Robert manages to knock Greg unconscious and into a river. He drags Greg out of the river and leaves him on the bank. Shortly thereafter, the police question Robert because Greg is missing. He admits that they fought and that he left the unconscious Greg near the river. The police speculate that Greg might be dead , either by accident or because Robert killed him. When Robert's employer learns he is a police suspect, he loses the promotion in Philadelphia and is suspended. Also, a colleague and former friend dissociates himself from Robert. He is attacked by Greg's father, who thinks Robert murdered his son. Drifting and aimless, Robert continues his uneasy relationship with Jenny, who has become convinced that he may have a bad omen over him . Jenny goes to visit Robert's ex-wife Nickie, who says she left him because he seemed like bad luck. A corpse is found in the river, and although it is in such a bad state that it is almost unidentifiable, the police believe it to be Greg's. Jenny then commits suicide, leaving a note that she and Robert had met after he stalked Jenny. Now totally alone, Robert is befriended by the widower who lives next door to him. One night, Greg appears outside of the widower's house and fires a gun, seriously wounding the widower but only clipping Robert. The police place Robert in protective custody, who is again threatened by Greg. Soon after, Robert is informed that Greg has been picked up by the police, and that it was Nickie who paid Greg to pretend to be dead to get him in trouble. When Robert drives to Jenny's house, he is met by Nickie and Greg. Nickie tries to persuade Robert to tell the police that she had nothing to do with setting him up, and warns him of an enraged and drunken Greg. Making matters worse, Greg's father calls to tell him that the widower he shot has died from his wounds, making Greg a murderer. Greg attacks Robert with a knife; in the subsequent fight, Greg is knocked unconscious, but Nickie is fatally injured. Robert is again left as a suspect in an apparent crime scene. The final shot shows Robert looking out Jenny's window, reminiscent of his view on the house in the opening shots."] ['While Dori Thorell  and her 9-year-old son, Danny , eat breakfast, Sam Thorell  calls from his business trip. Ballerina Diane Agostini  is on the phone with her father when a blender shakes off the counter. Dismissing it, she ends the call and rushes off to a rehearsal session at the New York City Ballet. Public defender Evie Lincoln  talks with her client Joshua Bingham  about his case. That evening, tremors cause a gas leak at Diane\'s apartment complex. Though the electricity is still on in the evacuated building, Fire Chief Thomas Ahearn  sends his crew inside. The building explodes, killing several men. At a party at Gracie Mansion, Evie\'s grandmother Emily Lincoln  chastises her for being late. Her father, Mayor Bruce Lincoln , coerces her into going to a job interview at a big law firm. The next day, Ahearn drops his daughter, Christine, off at high school. She expresses annoyance at his quitting to get "revenge" against the "stupid" mayor over budgeting issues. At the courthouse, Joshua is found not guilty of murdering his invalid wife. Diane meets her father for lunch to get money. When she leaves, she catches a cab driven by recent Russian immigrant Nikolai Karvoski . An earthquake hits the city, toppling many buildings and structures. Nikolai\'s cab is smashed by falling debris, forcing Nikolai and Diane to flee down the street. A gas main explodes as the sidewalk pushes up between them. Diane saves his life after he falls and catches on fire. In the subway tunnel, the train Evie and Joshua are riding derails after the tunnel collapses. After the earthquake stops, Diane, accompanied by Nikolai, goes back to the restaurant and finds her father fatally injured. He dies after telling her he is proud of her. In the subway, Joshua wants to leave the badly injured driver and any other survivors to get out, but before he can convince Evie and the others to leave they hear someone calling for help. Chief Ahearn returns to his fire station to find the building partially collapsed. With the central dispatch system down, he contacts Jillian Parnell , a reporter for WCBS-TV, who is flying over the city, to get an update on the situation. Both 1 Police Plaza and City Hall have collapsed, and he asks them to come pick him up. At the church, an injured Emily wakes up to find a teenage boy  that she helped get a job there is searching her wallet, but moves to try to find a way out after seeing she is still alive. Despite her protests, Nikolai initially remains with Diane as she tries to find her mother, but they eventually part ways. Ahearn sees that his daughter\'s school has collapsed, but continues on to Central Park where a temporary camp is being set up. He finds the Mayor and they agree to ignore Ahearn\'s resignation and put aside their differences to help the citizens of their city. A large break in the sewer is causing hundreds of gallons of water to begin flooding into the subway system. Ahearn goes to his daughter\'s school after learning there are survivors. Christine is among the three survivors, but she dies during an aftershock before they can free her. At the church, Emily learns that the boy has no name, just a street name. She asks him to take the name of her late son, Clayton, who died as a baby. Shortly after, he is able to escape through a break in the ceiling and get help. Dori arrives at Danny\'s school where she learns he is stuck on the top floor and rescue efforts are failing. Sam arrives as Dori prepares to scale the building to save their son. Diane finds looters in her mother\'s apartment, but Nikolai arrives and finds a note saying her mother is at a friends. The mayor arrives at the hospital where he learns his mother is dead. He thanks Clayton for trying to help her and asks Ahearn to try to help the boy, who is despondent over not being able to save her. In the subway, Joshua, Evie, and one other survivor, Allen , break from the others and find a ladder out. Joshua climbs up, followed by Evie. As Allen is climbing, Joshua breaks the ladder. He confirms Evie\'s growing suspicions that he did kill his wife and attacks her. When he hears someone coming, he tries to escape up another ladder but an aftershock breaks it and he is killed. Evie points her rescuers to where the other survivors are waiting. Dori successfully climbs the school, where Danny has to jump into her arms. The cable breaks, but they land safely on an inflated mat below and are reunited with Sam. At the end of the film, the city is shown still being rebuilt a year later. Mayor Lincoln and Ahearn are now close friends; Dori and Sam are shown teaching Danny how to rock-climb; and Diane is a prima ballerina and married to Nikolai.'] ['The movie circuits around flashbacks of Lansky\'s life, the first showing is as Lansky as an old man looking for a rock to put on his grandfather\'s grave in Jerusalem. Upon seeing soldiers of the Israeli Defense Force, Lansky expresses regret that his Grandfather never lived to see them. As he walks through a tunnel, he catches sight of an old man. He recalls how at the age of 10 years old, he witnessed an elderly Jew being bludgeoned to death with an axe during a pogrom. Later, as the shtetl is burning down, his parents hastily pack up their valuables and prepare to flee to America. Lansky\'s Grandfather watches sceptically. Meanwhile, his father suggests, "You think I should fight? You stay, and you fight." The film then changes to the Lower East Side, Manhattan. After his mother gives him money to go buy challah for Shabbat, Lansky comes upon a game of craps on the street corner. Later, Lansky returns home penniless and deeply ashamed. Later, Benjamin Siegel and Lansky are eyeing the Irish-American boy who operates the craps game, Lansky makes his bet as he\'s throwing the dice the owner\'s friend slides him some dice. Certain that the game is rigged, Lansky shouts that he won the bet. The Irish boy pushes at the young Lansky, Lansky pushes him back then the teenager\'s friend slides out his knife and cuts Lansky\'s arm, Benjamin Seigel come into the scene and hits the knife kid with a brick shouting at him telling him to give him the money. As Lansky and Benjamin are walking down the docks they see the Irish kid who bet against them in the alley the Irish kid is shouting Irish word about him being Jewish, Lansky jumps into the sea where the Irish kid is hanging about, Lansky then goes under water and slits the Irish kid\'s neck. As the blood is sliding around the water is goes back to Lansky as an old man drinking wine with the Jewish man. The Jewish man goes of to pray in the synagogue. The film goes on showing Lansky owning the crap games as a kid Lansky goes of into an alley to count his money this is where he meets Charles Lucky Luciano when Charles was telling him to give protection money the gang start to give Lansky a beating. Lansky is saying "Nothing For Nothing" Luciano takes a liking to Lansky\'s guts, they the work together selling illegal booze, Bugsy, Luciano and Lansky are making their way driving the truck with booze in. They are ambushed by Arnold Rothstein\'s associates. Luciano and Lansky make a deal saying they will give them 1 truck full of booze and no one will be shot at, when Lansky, Bugsy and Luciano get into the truck we find out the truck was full of empty suitcases. Impressed, Rothstein invites them to his house for a sit-down. He offers Bugsy and Lansky a job to work for him as he knows Lansky is smart. After Rothstein is taken out Meyer and Bugsy work with Luciano to take over the crime world killing the Italian bosses Joe Masseria and Salvatore Maranzano. Luciano then sets up the Commission and the 5 Italian families can now work freely with Jews. Meyer builds his prestige by running all the casinos in Cuba and helping Bugsy get a start in Las Vegas. After Bugsy spends more money than the plan and his girlfriend is questioned in taking money, Meyer buys his childhood friend time to turn the venture around. A month after warning Siegel the Flamingo is not earning money and Lansky can no longer prevent the Commission from taking out Siegel. Years later Lansky is on the run in Israel to avoid tax evasion charges but is extradited back to the U.S. He is lucky to get off on the charges and retires to Miami. At the climax of the film, Lansky gives an interview to a French journalist. When the journalist asks him what he would do if he could live his life over, Lansky responds, "I wouldn\'t change a thing."'] ['Carter Hayes  is in bed with a woman, Ann Miller  when he is suddenly attacked and beaten by two men. After the men have left, Hayes tells Ann, "The worst is over". The scene shifts to San Francisco, where an unmarried couple, Drake Goodman  and Patty Powers  purchase an expensive 19th-century polychrome house in the exclusive Pacific Heights neighborhood. They rent one of the building\'s two first-floor apartments to the Watanabes, a kindly Japanese couple who have no children. Not long after, Hayes visits to view the remaining vacant unit and immediately expresses a desire to move in. Hayes drives an expensive Porsche and carries large amounts of cash on his person, but is reluctant to undergo a credit check. He convinces Drake to waive the credit check in exchange for a list of personal references and an upfront payment of the first six months\' rent, to be paid by wire transfer. Before any of this money is paid, however, Hayes arrives unannounced one morning and shuts himself into the apartment. As days pass, Drake and Patty grow increasingly impatient when Hayes\' wire transfer fails to materialize. From inside the apartment, sounds of loud hammering and drilling are heard at all hours of the day and night, however the door is seldom answered. When Drake finally makes an attempt to enter Hayes\' apartment, he finds that the locks have been changed. Drake attempts to put an end to the constant noise and drive out Hayes by cutting the electricity and heat to the apartment, but Hayes summons the police, who side with Hayes and warn Drake that his actions are unlawful and could result in a civil suit. Drake and Patty hire a lawyer, Stephanie MacDonald , however the case to evict Hayes is thwarted by Drake\'s earlier attempt to disconnect the utilities. Hayes, safe from eviction for the time being, deliberately infests the house with cockroaches, which prompts the Watanabes to move out and pushes Drake and Patty further into debt. The heavy stress takes its toll on the couple; Drake is driven to alcoholism and Patty has a miscarriage. Hayes visits the couple to offer his condolences, but an infuriated Drake attacks him and is arrested by the police, whom Hayes had already called to the scene in anticipation of an assault. The assault allows Hayes to file a civil lawsuit against Drake and assume control of Drake\'s possessions and identity . Hayes also files a restraining order, which forces Drake from the building. Once Drake is gone, Hayes begins stalking and harassing Patty, in a ploy to lure Drake back to the building in violation of the restraining order. The ploy succeeds, as Drake becomes increasingly leery and enters the building one night to check on Patty. Hayes confronts Drake in the hallway and shoots him, then plants a crowbar at the scene to prevent any criminal charges. While Drake is recuperating in the hospital, the eviction is finally handed down and authorities force entry into Hayes\' apartment. By this time however, Hayes has vanished without a trace, and the apartment has been completely destroyed and stripped bare of all its appliances, light fixtures, wood paneling and even the toilet. Some days later, while cleaning out the apartment, Patty finds an important clue: an old photograph of Hayes as a young boy. Written on the back of the photograph is the name "James Danforth", which Patty correctly surmises is Hayes\' real name. She phones Bennett Fidlow , the Texas attorney whom Danforth had provided as a reference when he first moved in . Fidlow confides to her that Danforth has a long history of wrongdoing and has been disowned by his family. Patty travels to Danforth\'s last-known address, a condominium in Desert Spring. There she finds Ann, his girlfriend and previous co-conspirator who had earlier come looking for him in San Francisco. Ann tells Patty that Carter Hayes is the name of the property\'s former landlord, and that Danforth assumed Hayes\' identity and took possession of the condominium after Hayes hired two thugs to carry out the assault shown in the film\'s opening scene. Ann also shows Patty a postcard from Danforth, written on the letterhead of a hotel in Century City, which had arrived in the mail just the day before. Patty tracks down Danforth at the hotel, where he has checked in under Drake\'s name. Patty bluffs her way into his suite by posing as his wife, and while rummaging through his personal effects she discovers he is using legal and financial documents in Drake\'s name. She calls Drake and tells him to cancel all of his credit cards and freeze the couple\'s joint bank account. She then places an exorbitant order for room service, which leads to Danforth being arrested. Danforth is bailed out of prison by a wealthy widow, Florence Peters , whom he was apparently vetting to be his next victim. Once out on bail, Danforth returns to San Francisco to seek revenge against Patty and Drake. Upstairs, he bludgeons Drake with a golf club, then attacks Patty in the downstairs apartment where she is busy making repairs. A struggle ensues between Patty and Danforth, and a badly-wounded Drake makes his way into the crawl space between the basement and the first-floor apartment. He reaches through a hole in the floor and grabs Danforth by the ankle; Danforth loses his balance and is killed when he falls backward and is impaled by a rebar. Some weeks or months later, Patty and Drake have put their newly-repaired building up for sale and are seen showing the property to another couple. The story ends with the couple having a private discussion about making an offer of $850,000, which is $100,000 more than what Drake and Patty had originally paid for it.'] ['At home in his New York City apartment, John Shaft is drugged with a tranquilizer dart, then kidnapped and persuaded by threats of physical force, the promise of money, and the lure of a pretty tutor to travel to Africa , assuming the identity of a native-speaking itinerant worker. His job is to help break a criminal ring that is smuggling immigrants into Europe then exploiting them. But the villains have heard that he is on his way. Shaft must pass a test before being hired for the job; the test involves him surviving in a small, overheated room without water, and a floor covered in deep sand, mimicking the supposed conditions of Africa. Shaft ingeniously covers himself with the sand, thereby avoiding heatstroke and winning the contract from his employer. Shaft must then embark upon a mission to infiltrate and destroy a human trafficking and slavery ring in West Africa and France.'] ['During the course of a burglary, master jewel thief Luther Whitney  witnesses Secret Service agents killing Christy Sullivan , the beautiful young wife of elderly billionaire Walter Sullivan , during her drunken rendezvous with Alan Richmond , the President of the United States. Walter Sullivan is Richmond\'s friend and financial supporter. Hiding behind a one-way mirror, Luther watches as Richmond sadistically slaps Christy and tries to strangle her. When she attacks him with a letter opener, President Richmond calls for help, and Secret Service agents Bill Burton  and Tim Collin  shoot her to death. Chief of Staff Gloria Russell  arrives on the scene and makes the scene appear as if a burglar killed her. Luther escapes with some valuables and the bloody letter opener, but the Secret Service witness his escape. The next day, Detective Seth Frank  begins his investigation of the crime, and although Luther quickly becomes a prime suspect in the burglary, Frank does not believe he murdered Christy. As Luther is about to flee the country, he sees President Richmond on television, vowing to find the murderer. Incensed by this hypocrisy, Luther decides to bring the president to justice. Meanwhile, Burton asks Frank to keep him informed about the case while a Secret Service agent wiretaps Frank\'s office telephone. Luther\'s estranged daughter Kate , who works as a prosecutor, is contacted by Detective Frank, and the two go to Luther\'s town house to search for clues. Photographs of her in the house indicate that Luther has secretly been watching her as she grew up. She still suspects him of killing Christy, so she agrees to Frank\'s request that she meet with Luther. Frank guarantees Luther\'s safety, but Burton learns about the plan through the wiretap, and someone alerts Sullivan, who hires a hitman  to kill Luther. At the meeting, Collin\'s sniper and Sullivan\'s sniper, each unaware of the other, try to shoot Luther, but they both miss, and Luther escapes through the police cordon by posing as a police officer. Back at Kate\'s apartment, Luther comes out of hiding and explains to Kate how Christy was killed, and then leaves. Luther taunts Chief of Staff Russell by sending her a photograph of the letter opener and tricking her into wearing Christy\'s necklace in public. Correctly suspecting that Kate knows the truth, President Richmond orders Collin and Burton to kill her. When Detective Frank tells Luther that the Secret Service has taken over surveillance of Kate, Luther races back to Washington D.C. to protect her. He arrives at her jogging area just moments after Collin used his SUV to push her and her car off a cliff. Collin tries to kill her again at the hospital, approaching her bed with a poison-filled syringe, but Luther stops him, jabbing him in the neck with a poison-filled syringe of Luther\'s own, forcing Collin to drop his. When Collin pleads for mercy, Luther says he\'s "fresh out" and delivers the fatal dose. After learning from Detective Frank that Sullivan gave no reason why Christy stayed home—she had claimed to her husband, and to him only, that she was sick—Luther incapacitates Sullivan\'s chauffeur and drives Sullivan around Washington, telling him what happened on the night of the murder and explaining that the president incriminated himself in a speech by citing Christy\'s excuse for staying home, which he could only have learned from her. Luther gives Sullivan the letter opener and drops him off outside the White House, and Sullivan carries the letter opener into the Oval Office. Meanwhile, alerted by Luther that his phones are bugged, Detective Frank goes to Burton\'s office, where he discovers that a remorseful Burton has committed suicide for his attempt on Kate\'s life. Frank uses the evidence Burton left behind to arrest Russell. Later, on the television news, Sullivan claims that the president committed suicide by stabbing himself to death. Back at the hospital, Luther watches over Kate in her hospital bed, sketching her. After Detective Frank visits briefly, Luther suggests to Kate that she invite Frank to dinner sometime, and then continues to draw a sketch of the daughter he loves.'] ['In New York City during October 1999, John Sullivan , a 36-year-old homicide detective, is still traumatized over the death of his fireman father Frank . Living in the same house where he grew up, he discovers his father\'s ham radio following a breakup with his girlfriend Samantha  and begins transmitting. Because of unusual aurora borealis activity, John discovers he has managed to make contact with his father exactly 30 years in the past the day before his death in a warehouse fire. Though Frank doesn\'t believe it is John, John is able to shout out a warning about the fire that took Frank\'s life. The next day as he tries to escape a burning building Frank remembers John\'s words and escapes safely. By saving his father from the fire, John has created a new timeline while retaining his memory of the old. At midnight, he tries calling his mother, but instead gets an answer from a deli. Later that day, John tries to patch up his relationship with Sam, but she does not remember him. John later discovers that in this new timeline Frank had died of lung cancer, and John\'s mother Julia Sullivan  was murdered by a serial killer. John is able to piece together that his mother\'s killer was called the "Nightingale Killer," a man who originally murdered three nurses before he vanished, but with the past changed he has now murdered 10, with Julia as the sixth. Using information from 1999 police files on the impending six killings, John and Frank work together across the gap of time to stop the murderer in 1969 and save Julia and the other six nurses. Frank successfully averts the murder of the first expected victim, but when he tries to prevent the next, he is attacked by the killer in a nightclub bathroom and his driver\'s license is taken from his wallet. When he regains consciousness, Frank rushes to the woman\'s apartment only to find he is too late. John realizes the killer\'s fingerprints are now on Frank\'s wallet and Frank is able to hide the wallet under a floorboard in the house, allowing John to retrieve it in 1999 and take it in to his crime lab. John learns that the fingerprints belong to a now-retired detective named Jack Shepard . It\'s shown that the reason he now has more victims was because Julia left the hospital in the original timeline and wasn\'t there to save his life from a medical mistake. In this new timeline he presumably stopped after being caught up in the Knapp hearings. Meanwhile in 1969, Frank is arrested by Satch DeLeon , John\'s future boss, when police find Frank\'s driver\'s license with Shepard\'s latest victim. As Frank struggles to continue speaking to John as Satch struggles with him, the ham radio is knocked off of Frank\'s desk and broken. At the station, Frank, using improvised skills from his Veteran Firefighting knowledge, is able to escape and searches Shepard\'s apartment for evidence. Meanwhile Satch, having been told by Frank about his communications with his son, watches the 1969 World Series and realizes Frank has told the truth when events he described to him come true. Shepard is presumed dead after a struggle with Frank and Frank is cleared of charges. Frank returns home and repairs the radio, happily telling John that Shepard is dead and Julia is saved. However, John\'s photographs still include Julia\'s death. Suddenly, in both 1969 and 1999, Shepard breaks into the home. While father and son both fight Shepard, the past Shepard is distracted by Julia and Frank shoots off his hand with a shotgun, causing him to flee. In 1999, Shepard is choking John when his hand shrivels and vanishes. The house ripples and the furnishings change as the timeline is adjusted, and Shepard is shot and killed by an aged Frank, the new alterations to the timeline saving both him and Julia. The film concludes with a neighborhood baseball game in 1999. Frank and Julia are there, along with John, who is now married to the ex-girlfriend who left him in the original timeline, and is now pregnant and who he has a son with, Frank Jr. Also, due to some advice John gave him over the radio, his best friend Gordo\'s life is now better. As John wins the game with a home-run that allows both himself and Frank to score, a montage is shown of John\'s life with his parents in the new timeline.'] ["Detective Agustín Rejas  is tracking the self-styled President Ezequiel , a Marxist-influenced guerrilla waging a brutal terrorist campaign against the corrupt-yet-democratic government of an unnamed Latin American country. Contrasting with the violence and death in his professional life, Rejas begins to fall for Yolanda  - his daughter's beautiful ballet teacher. But she may not be all she appears, and his growing attraction to her brings him in direct conflict with his prey."] ['British newlywed Regina Lambert lives in Paris with her husband, Charlie. She returns home following a short vacation, determined to divorce Charlie, only to discover their apartment has been stripped bare and that her husband has been murdered. Regina is soon reunited with a mysterious stranger she met on her holiday. He helps her piece together the truth about the deceased Charlie and deal with three menacing people who are now following her.'] ["During a party at the United States offices of a Japanese corporation, a professional escort  is found dead, apparently after a violent sexual encounter. Police Detective Web Smith  and John Connor , a former police Captain and expert on Japanese affairs, are sent to investigate. During the initial investigation, Smith believes the evidence indicates a sexual encounter and murder; however, Connor insists there is a deeper involvement by the corporation. After a grueling investigation, Connor receives a disc which contains the surveillance footage from the night of the murder. This later turns out to be a digitally altered video of the actual murder. The alteration implicates Eddie Sakamura , who is the son of a wealthy Japanese businessman . After recovering the original unaltered footage, the video shows the prostitute was only unconscious following rough sex with a powerful politician at the party, and a company employee strangled her after the politician left. The head of the company was unaware of the crime and subsequent cover-up, and exiled the perpetrator of the cover-up to a desk job in Japan. The murderer himself runs away when he is identified, but is soon taken care of by Eddie's Yakuza friends, who bury him alive in wet concrete."] [' Army helicopter pilot, Captain Colter Stevens , last aware of being on a mission in Afghanistan, wakes up on a commuter train traveling to Chicago. He finds that to the world around him – including his traveling partner Christina Warren  and the bathroom mirror – he appears to be Sean Fentress, a school teacher. As he comes to grips with this revelation, the train car explodes, killing everyone aboard. Stevens regains consciousness inside an unfamiliar cockpit. Through a screen, Air Force Captain Colleen Goodwin  verifies Stevens\'s identity. She explains Stevens is in the "Source Code", an experimental device created by scientist Dr. Rutledge ([[Jeffrey Wright . The Code allows its user to experience the last eight minutes of another compatible person\'s life within an alternate timeline.It is stated that eight minutes is the length of short-term memory, and that one of the bombing\'s victims had neural pathways similar enough to Stevens\'s to allow Source Code to take advantage of a quantum effect reminiscent of a light bulb being switched off, allowing this period to be retroactively accessed for some time after the death and alternate histories explored. It is believed that these alternate histories are not "real" and cease after the eight minutes; they can be used only to gain information. Stevens\'s mission is to use Source Code to discover the location of a bomb aboard the train and identify the bomber who detonated it. Goodwin explains that the train explosion occurred that morning, and was a warning by the bomber as a precursor to a larger dirty bomb that will be detonated in downtown Chicago. Stevens is unwillingly sent back into the Source Code to try again. Stevens is sent back into the Source Code several times, trying different approaches each time including trying to warn the authorities on the train and trying to flee with Christina. None of these attempts are successful and in each case he is returned to the Source Code to try again. During one of Stevens\'s attempts, he learns that the train explosion occurred two months after an incident in Afghanistan which reportedly killed him. Once he discovers this, he demands more information from Goodwin. She explains that the remains of his body are in fact on life-support at the Source Code facility while his mind is hooked up to a computer system, the cockpit being a mental projection of his own mind to cope with the experience. Angered to discover this, Stevens requests that his life support be terminated after the mission is completed, to which Dr. Rutledge agrees. Stevens eventually identifies both the bomber, a young man, Derek Frost , and the rented white van that he will use to carry the bomb into the center of Chicago. On his return, Stevens\'s information is successfully used by the military to capture Frost before he can trigger the bomb. Stevens is praised as a hero, but in private, Rutledge tells Goodwin to renege on the deal, and instead to wipe Stevens\'s memory so he can be used the next time there is such an incident. Stevens learns that the promise to him has been violated, and convinces Goodwin to let him return to Source Code once more, after which she will disable his life support, against Rutledge\'s orders. Once back aboard the train, Stevens disarms the bomb, subdues Frost, and handcuffs him to a railing. Stevens calls the authorities to identify Frost and inform them of the location of the dirty bomb. He then calls his estranged father under the guise of a fellow soldier, mending the emotional distance between them. He challenges an embittered comic  to perform a stand-up routine on the train, causing laughter throughout the entire train car, and then takes Christina aside. Asking her what she would do if she knew that she only had seconds left to live, Stevens begins to kiss her as his last seconds run out. As promised, at this exact moment, Goodwin disables his life-support and the scene reveals his actual, physical body as severely mutilated and comatose. Time freezes, but Stevens is surprised to find himself finishing the kiss, still aboard the train with Christina. He realizes that he will remain in the alternate timeline of the un-bombed train. The train arrives safely in Chicago, and he and Christina walk together and discuss their future. Later that morning, Goodwin arrives for work at Nellis Air Force Base and receives a text that Stevens had sent earlier, just as news breaks of the failed bombing attempt in Chicago. The text explains that the Source Code effectively allows the user to change history within alternate timelines. Stevens\' text ends with him proposing to Goodwin that when his alternate self in this timeline is used in a future Source Code mission, Goodwin should help him, and tell him that "everything is gonna be okay."'] 