["The film is set in France during the Seven Years' War. As the film begins, Fanfan  is a charming, attractive young man who is trying to escape a shotgun marriage. At this vulnerable point in his life, he is approached by the daughter of a recruiting officer, Adeline , who tells him that if he joins the army, he will find fame, fortune, and will marry the king's daughter. Accordingly he joins the army, only to discover that she made the whole thing up in order for her father to get a recruiting bonus. Nevertheless, encouraged by a series of improbable circumstances, he accepts her prediction as his destiny. A series of events ensues which shows off to great advantage his athleticism and leadership ability. As the film progresses, we become aware of a developing attraction between himself and Adeline which however conflicts with his perceived “destiny” of marrying a king's daughter."] ["The story opens on Skeleton Island, an uncharted island somewhere in the Falkland Islands chain, where Long John Silver  and Billy Bones  have staged a successful mutiny against Captain Flint . The group is attacked by gigantic insects, and retreats back to the ship. In the chaos, Long John has one of his legs torn off by a giant beetle. In the United States in 1782, Jim Hawkins  is the owner of the Admiral Benbow Inn, but has grown tired of a life of monotony and seeks adventure. One of his customers, Billy Bones, dies in his inn and leaves Jim a treasure map showing the way to a treasure buried on Skeleton Island. After gaining the help of Dr. Livesey , Jim and Livesey recruit French mariner Captain Smollete , the captain of the schooner Hispaniola, to sail out to Skeleton Island, under the pretence of going to collect specimens of local wildlife. Jim and Livesey recruit Long John Silver, now using the alias of Barbecue, to act as ship's cook, with Long John providing the rest of the ship's crew. As the Hispanola makes its way to the island, Hawkins unintentionally discovers Long John's true intentions: to steal the map and to hijack the Hispaniola on behalf of his own band of pirates, whom make up the ship's crew. Long John plans to stage a mutiny upon arriving at Skeleton Island, and to kill the captain, Hawkins and Dr. Livesey so that all of the treasure will belong to the pirates. However, Hawkins is discovered, along with Anne Bonny , who had followed Jim from the inn, and gives him protection from Long John. On reaching Skeleton Island, the Hispanola is hijacked by Silver, with Smollette, Livesey and an American government official on the voyage kept prisoner on the ship whilst the others go ashore. With the help of marooned mariner Ben Gunn , Jim and Anne Bonney escape, and race to beat Long John and the pirates to the treasure."] [' On their wedding day Will Turner and Elizabeth Swann are confronted by Lord Cutler Beckett, head of the East India Trading Company, with arrest warrants for their helping pirate Captain Jack Sparrow escape execution. Former Commodore Norrington is also wanted for delaying the pursuit of Sparrow, but Norrington has resigned from the British Royal Navy months prior and disappeared. Elizabeth is thrown in prison. Beckett sends Will to recover Jack\'s compass in exchange for letters of marque that will make Sparrow a British privateer, and he promises Will and Elizabeth pardons. Will\'s father Bootstrap Bill Turner tells Jack he must keep his own promise to join the crew of Davy Jones, who raised the sunken Black Pearl for him years ago. When Jack refuses, Bootstrap tells him Davy\'s "pet" will drag him to Davy Jones\' Locker. Will finds the Black Pearl at Pelegosto, where a cannibal tribe worships Jack as a god, planning to kill him to release him from his "human state". After a jungle chase, Jack, Will, Joshamee Gibbs and remnants of the Pearl\'s crew escape to the ship. Meanwhile Elizabeth\'s father frees her, though he is himself captured, and she steals the letters of marque and stows away on a ship to find Will and Jack. On the other side of the island Pelegosto, Jack visits voodoo priestess Tia Dalma, who tells them Davy Jones cut his own heart out and put it in the "Dead Man\'s Chest", keeping the key to it with him always. Dalma tells Jack where to find Jones\'s ship, The Flying Dutchman, and gives him a jar of dirt as defense: A curse prevents Jones from stepping on land for 10 years. When Will is captured on board the Dutchman, Jones orders Jack to bring him 100 souls in three days or be killed and made to serve aboard the Dutchman. There, Will reunites with his father, who helps Will steal the key to the Dead Man\'s Chest from Jones before escaping from the ship. Jones pursues Will, rescued by a merchant ship, and Will stows away on the Dutchman when the Kraken destroys the merchant vessel. Realizing Jack was behind Will\'s actions, Jones heads to Isla Cruces where the chest is buried. In Tortuga with Jack to find a crew, Gibbs encounters Norrington, who tells Gibbs he lost his job while pursuing Jack through a hurricane. Despite the awkwardness of the situation, Gibbs hires him. Elizabeth, also in Tortuga, confronts Jack and he accepts her along for her assistance in locating the chest. Meanwhile, Beckett acquires Governor Swann\'s support for the East India Company in exchange for Elizabeth\'s safety. At Isla Cruces Jack has Elizabeth use his compass, which points to whatever its holder wants most, to find the chest. A debate over possession of the heart leads to a duel among Will, Jack and Norrington. Meanwhile, Elizabeth and mischievous pirates Pintel and Ragetti fight with Dutchman crewmen also looking for the heart, which Jack hides in the jar of dirt. Norrington, however, then hides the heart and the letters of marque in his coat, giving Jones\' men the empty chest and fleeing on his own. Confronting the Pearl, Jones calls the Kraken, which kills most of the Pearls crew. Jack wounds the Kraken by shooting a net of explosives hanging above the deck. After the Kraken leaves, Jack is hesitant to abandon his ship, so Elizabeth chains him to the mast by kissing him; Will sees this and misunderstands. The Kraken sends Jack and the ship down to Davy Jones\'s Locker. In Port Royal, Norrington gives the letters of marque and Jones\' heart to Beckett, hoping they will earn him a clean record and a new commission. Will, Elizabeth, Gibbs and the other crewmen return to Dalma\'s home and plan to rescue Jack. Dalma says they will require a captain who knows those waters; all are astonished to see a resurrected Captain Barbossa. In the post credits scene, the prison dog becomes the chief of the Pelegosto.'] ["In contemporary  California, villain J. A. Marsden aims to take over the California-Yucatan Railroad with the aid of his henchman El Lobo. The rightful owners, Joyce and Phillip Andrews, naturally object. Their parter, Don Manuel Vega summons his nephew, James Vega, to help them as he is the great grandson of the original Zorro, Don Diego de la Vega. He is disappointed, however, to find that his nephew is a useless fop . Nevertheless, James Vega installs himself in the original Zorro's hideout and adopts the Zorro identity to defeat Marsden and El Lobo. This Zorro uses twin pistols and  a whip as his main weapons of choice, rather than a more traditional sword."] ['After the execution of Jeoffrey de Peyrac, Angélique finds refuge at the Cour des Miracles and the boss Calembredaine, he turns out to be her childhood friend and first love Nicolas. With his help she finds back her children. After a fight between two rivalling gangs, Nicolas is shot and Angélique is arrested and sent to the Châtelet. She asks the captain to let her go rescue her children, he agrees but she has to come back to spend the night with him. Angélique goes to the headquarters of the Grand Coërse and rescues her children. She brings them to Barbe and asks her to take care of them because she has a debt to pay. Angélique returns to the Châtelet where the captain is waiting for her. He tries to kiss her but they struggle and he falls down. She escapes and flees to Barbe who now works in an old run-down inn called "Le coq Hardi".   After persuading the owner \'Maître Bourjus\' to employ her, Angélique renames the inn "Le masque rouge", it is a big hit in Paris. One day she meets her old enemy, Monsieur, brother of the king, accompanied by his noblemen. A tragedy occurs, "Le masque rouge" burns to the ground and Angélique swears revenge. She calls on her friend Claude le Petit aka "Le poète crotté". He writes pamphlets in which they accuse the noblemen surrounding Monsieur. The king disapproves what his brother did but he doesn\'t like what Angélique is doing. He sends his best policeman to her, the former lawyer of Jeoffrey, Desgrez. He promises her a license to make and sell chocolate and 50.000 livres as compensation for the loss of "Le masque rouge", on the condition that she stops publishing the pamphlets and Monsieur\'s name isn\'t mentioned. In her new establishment she then encounters her cousin Philippe de Plessis-Bellières. They have a passionate affair, but Angélique wants him to marry her so she blackmails him with an old secret. Eventually Philippe asks her to be his wife and he introduces her to the court.'] ["Sinbad , sailor and Prince of Baghdad, seeks permission from Prince Kassim to marry Kassim's sister, Princess Farah . But a spell is placed on Kassim by their evil stepmother, Zenobia , which turns him into a baboon  just as he was going to be crowned caliph. Sinbad sets off with Princess Farah to find an old Greek alchemist named Melanthius , who is said to hold the knowledge to help if anyone can. Sinbad and his crew find Melanthius and his daughter Dione , who agree to help them with their quest. Melanthius tells Sinbad that they must travel to the land of Hyperborea where the ancient civilization of the Arimaspi once existed. There they will find a shrine where Kassim can be cured. Zenobia, her son Rafi , and a bronze golem named Minaton , secretly stalk them. On their quest, Sinbad and his crew encounter a trio of ghouls, a giant wasp , a giant walrus, a troglodyte , and reanimated sabre-toothed cat . In the end, Zenobia and her son are slain. Kassim is restored by the magic of Hyperborea and is crowned caliph."] ['The film opens with Marziana  dancing and singing in the public square of Baghdad, her faithful aide Dhowlat  playing the dholak. Marziana is an orphan and sings and dances on the streets to earn a living. As the song ends, the tyrant Sher Khan, commander of the unpopular ruler Amir Kasim Khan  tries to force Marziana to come with him to be inducted into the king’s harem, but she resists him with all her might. She is rescued by Ali Baba , who fights with Sher Khan and vanquishes him. Marziana and Dowlat find refuge in Alibaba’s house. Alibaba is a poor woodcutter and lives with his sister Ayisha  and servant Bulbul . Marziana learns that they are the siblings of the king, who had driven them out at the instigation of his cruel wife Salima . Marziana and Alibaba find themselves falling in love. One day, when Alibaba goes to cut wood as usual, he happens to notice the leader of 40 thieves opening a mysterious cave just by saying "Andha ka kasam, Abu ka hukum, Thirandidu Sesame". After the thieves leave, Alibaba secretly enters the cave after memorizing the pass code. He is astounded to see many treasures found in the cave. He slowly collects some of them and brings them home. Seeing the fabulous wealth that Alibaba has brought home from the hideout of the robbers, Marziana is seized by sudden insecurity and doubt. She suspects that this sudden affluence would change Alibaba and he would not remain loyal to her anymore. After realizing that all the wealth is real, she reconciles with Alibaba. Amir Kasim wallows in jealousy when he hears of the sudden fortune of Alibaba, and is determined to ferret out the source of Alibaba’s riches. Under Salima’s guidance, he invites Alibaba and his household for a feast. Cunningly obtaining the secret of the robbers’ cave from Alibaba, he then orders Alibaba’s arrest, accusing him falsely of attempted murder. The ever-resourceful Marziana pretends to hail Kasim’s order. She declares that Alibaba had been unfaithful to her and he deserved this retribution. And taking a knife, she sings this song, acting as though she means to kill Alibaba. But as she nears Alibaba at the end of the song, in a swift movement of the knife she cuts the ropes that bind his hands. Alibaba is free and after a thrilling sword fight in which he is naturally the victor, they make good their escape. Kassim, having memorized the secret message to enter the cave, he goes there and in great greed, starts collecting many treasures. Shortly, he forgets the message, and is left trapped. The thieves come, and kill Kassim for entering their secret cave. Alibaba visits the cave, and is shocked to see his brother dead. He takes away Kassim\'s body and after the latter\'s death is publicly announced, Alibaba is declared the king of Baghdad. The entire city rejoices, as Alibaba is known for his noble qualities. Marziana greets him with a song in praise. Meanwhile, the 40 thieves return to their cave and see that Kassim\'s body is missing. Realizing that someone else has entered their cave, the thieves start their search for the mystery person. From the cobbler Gulam’s  assertion that the woodcutter Alibaba had become wealthy overnight, the leader of the thieves Abu Hussain  guesses that it is Alibaba who has discovered the secret of his cave. However, he kills the cobbler after finding out the secret. Having his men hidden inside barrels, Abu Hussain comes to Alibaba’s house disguised as an oil merchant seeking shelter for the night. By happenstance Marziana notices Abu Hussain whispering to his man hidden in the barrels and realizes his true identity. Dancing at a banquet that Alibaba hosts in honour of the guest, Marziana sings this song even as per prior arrangement each time she sounds the gong while dancing, Dowlat and Bulbul roll the barrels one by one into the swirling waters. Abu Hussain calls his men who were hiding in the barrels, but when they don\'t come, Marziana reveals that she overheard his conversation with them and eventually had them killed. She reveals that Abu Hussain is present and he also accepts it. This leads to a fight between him and Alibaba, which results in Abu Hussain kidnapping Marziana and fleeing to the secret cave. Alibaba chases him and reaches the cave, where he wins the battle by tossing Abu Hussain into a pond of boiling red water . After Marziana is rescued, everyone becomes prosperous once more.'] ["{{context}} The movie is set some time after the events of Treasure Island. Long John receives grave news from Dod Perch of a massacre from Mendoza who in the process kidnaps Governor Strong's daughter Elizabeth for ransom along with Jim Hawkins. There is also a second treasure cache on the Treasure Island directed only by a pirate medallion. Long John visits Governor Strong and his wife to propose to give in the ransom before they pursue Mendoza. During the pickup of the ransom, Long John goes with Billy Bowlegs to Mendoza's ship and explains that Billy shot his two partners to hoard the ransom money for himself. Long John invited on the ship briefs a plan to Mendoza to leave Elizabeth on shore and mislead the Governor's warships in order to sack the king's warehouses. As Mendoza carries out the plan, Long John finds Jim possesses the very medallion of Treasure Island. As Mendoza begins to double cross Long John, he in turn summons his men to ambush and capture Mendoza along with the warehouse fortune, whilst Jim and Elizabeth make their escape. Back at the governor's Jim is offered the chance to go back to England, but Long John has plans to take Jim with him on the second voyage for Treasure Island. Long John seizes an opportunity to charter Captain MacDougall's ship for the voyage. Long John sets off missing Purity Pinker's hand in marriage and barely escaping the alert local sentries. Long John plots to start a mutiny on Captain MacDougall and take over his ship. MacDougall in response plans to have Long John and his men marooned on an island which is the secret hideout of Mendoza. Jim sets fire to Mendoza's warehouse so that Long John and his crew can capture Mendoza's ship. As Long John sails for Treasure Island, Mendoza awaits his next ship. Once on Treasure Island, Long John and his men take shelter in the stockade from Israel Hands, who survived Jim's shot some time ago, but is blind. Israel keeps Long John and his men trapped, killing them a few at a time. Soon Mendoza's men arrive and Israel offers service to Long John, in return for a passage to Cornwall and vengeance against Jim. After fleeing, Mendoza burns down the stockade. Long John follows the trail of the map to the caves where the treasure is buried. Israel tries to kill Jim, but Jim leads him to the coast where he plunges off to his death. As Jim heads back to the caves, he taken by Mendoza, who is going to use him as bait to get Long John, but Long John surrenders to Mendoza, giving his men the opportunity to make a gunpowder attack, cutting down Mendoza's forces and leaving the rest marooned. Long John returns as an honourable citizen, but he and Jim ride off."] ['Manuela Alva , who lives in the small Caribbean village of Calvados, dreams of being swept away by the legendary Pirate, Mack "the Black" Macoco. However, her aunt and uncle  insist that she marry the town mayor, the rotund and bullying Don Pedro . Shortly before her wedding, Manuela visits a nearby town, Port Sebastian. A traveling circus has arrived, and Serafin , its handsome leader, flirts with all the girls in the song "Nina." When he encounters Manuela, however, he falls in love at first sight with her. Serafin compliments Manuela\'s beauty and begs her not to marry Don Pedro, but, angered, she hurries away. That night, however, Manuela cannot sleep, and she sneaks out to go see Serafin\'s show. At the show, Serafin hypnotizes Manuela, thinking that she will admit she loves him. Instead, the hypnotized girl wildly sings and dances about her love for "Mack the Black." Serafin awakens Manuela with a kiss, and she flees in horror. On Manuela\'s wedding day, the traveling players arrive in Calvados. Serafin begs Manuela to join his troupe, and asks her to admit that she loves him. Don Pedro, hearing noise in Manuela\'s room, arrives at her door, and asks Manuela to go away so that he can teach Serafin a lesson. Serafin recognizes Don Pedro as Macoco, retired and obese. He blackmails Pedro with this information, swearing to tell it to Manuela if Don Pedro forbids the performers from putting on a show. Serafin then decides to pretend to be Macoco in order to win over Manuela. He reveals himself before the whole town as Macoco, then asks Manuela if she will come with him; she again refuses. Still, watching from her window as "Macoco" dances, she begins to daydream about the pirate. The next day, "Macoco" threatens to burn down the town if he cannot have Manuela. Finally, she happily agrees to go with him. One of Serafin\'s troupe accidentally reveals Serafin\'s plan to Manuela. To get her revenge, she first pretends to seduce Serafin, then attacks him with words and hurtling objects. She accidentally knocks him out, then realizes that she loves him, and sings "You Can Do No Wrong." Meanwhile, Don Pedro convinces the viceroy that Serafin is the real Macoco and should hang for it. He plants treasure in Serafin\'s prop trunk to make him look like a pirate. The army arrests Serafin, and Manuela\'s protests cannot free him. On the night of Serafin\'s hanging, Manuela finally gets to look at the false evidence, and recognizes a bracelet with the same design as the wedding ring that Pedro gave her, and realizes that Pedro is the pirate. Serafin asks to do one last show before he is hanged, and sings and dances "Be a Clown" with two fellow troupe members . As a finale, Serafin plans to hypnotize Don Pedro into admitting he is Macoco, but Manuela\'s aunt breaks the mirror that Serafin uses to hypnotize people. Panicked, Manuela pretends to be hypnotized and sings "Love of My Life," vowing everlasting devotion to Macoco. Don Pedro, jealous, reveals himself as the true Macoco and seizes Manuela. Serafin\'s troupe attacks Don Pedro with custard pies and juggling balls, and the lovers embrace. Manuela joins Serafin\'s act and the film ends with the two of them singing a reprise of "Be a Clown."'] ['A man returning home after having fought in the Civil War discovers that corrupt politicians have taken over the county and are terrorizing and shaking down the citizens. He dons the costume of his ancestor, the famous Zorro, and sets out to bring them to justice.'] ["The son of the gardener, Thota Raamudu  falls in love with Indumathi, the princess of Ujjain . When he faces resistance from the King, he goes off into the world to return as a successful man. He is approached by a Sorcerer , who actually plans to sacrifice a young, brave lad to the goddess Pataala Bhairavi  to attain a magic statuette, which grants any wish. Raamudu fits the profile; and unwittingly, agrees to help the Sorcerer so that he can attain the riches etc. the King asked for his daughter's hand in marriage. However, Raamudu finds about the evil plan and instead he sacrifices the sorcerer and obtains Pataala Bhairavi. Raamudu wishes to be a King, have a grander palace than the King etc. to be welcomed by the Ujjain royalty. The King lives up to his promise and grants him his daughter in marriage. Sadajapa, the Sorcerer's apprentice, finds his master at the Pataala Bhairavi site, and brings him back to life. During this time, the King's brother-in-law and the princess' Uncle  is upset at upcoming wedding and determines to hang himself instead of witnessing the marriage. The Sorcerer catches him in time and promises him everything Raamudu has  in exchange for the small statue which Raamudu has hidden in the room. He manages to steal the Pataala Bhairavi and unwittingly changes Raamudu's fate. The Socerer then wishes to kidnap the Princess and takes all of Thota Raamudu's wealth, leaving him in his original state. Pledging to bring back his love, Raamudu and his cousin, Anji, travels to the Sorcerer's lair. The story ends with the marriage of Raamudu and Indumathi with the Uncle's, Queen, King's, and Raamudu's mother's blessing. As it turns out, Anji, marries the Princess's servant and best friend. The Sorcerer is dead, and all is well."] ['In 1815, a French merchant ship stops at the island of Elba. A letter from the exiled Napoleon is given to the ship\'s captain to deliver to a man in Marseille. Before he dies of a sickness, the captain entrusts the task to his first officer, Edmond Dantès . However, the city magistrate, Raymond de Villefort, Jr. , is tipped off by an informer, the second officer, Danglars , and has both men arrested after the exchange. Dantès\' friend Fernand Mondego  accompanies him to the jail. However, he, Danglars, and de Villefort all stand to gain from keeping Dantès imprisoned: Mondego is in love with Dantès\' fiancée, Mercedes ; Danglars wants to be promoted captain in Dantès\' place; and the man who accepted the letter turns out to be de Villefort\'s father . De Villefort consigns Dantès without trial to a notorious prison, the Château d\'If, on the false testimony of Danglars. When Napoleon returns to France, giving Dantès\' friends hope for his release, de Villefort signs a false statement that he was killed trying to escape, which Mondego shows to Mercedes. Deceived, she gives in to her mother\'s deathbed wish and marries Mondego. Eight years of solitary confinement follow for Dantès. Then one day, the aged Abbé Faria , a fellow prisoner, breaks into his cell through a tunnel he has been digging. The two join forces; Faria calculates it will take five more years to finish. In the meantime, he starts educating Dantès. However, as they near their goal, a cave-in fatally injures the old man. Before he dies, he bequeaths a vast hidden treasure to his protégé . The body is sewn into a shroud, but while the undertaker is away, Dantès substitutes himself for the corpse undetected. He is cast into the sea. He frees himself and is picked up by a smuggling ship. Dantès later follows the abbé\'s directions and finds the treasure on the uninhabited island of Monte Cristo. With a fortune at his command, he sets in motion his plans for revenge. To begin, he arranges to have Albert , Mercedes and Mondego\'s son, kidnapped and held for ransom. Dantès "rescues" the younger man in order to gain entry into Paris society, using his purchased title of Count of Monte Cristo. First to be brought to justice is Mondego. While the French ambassador to Albania, Mondego gained renown for his bravery in an unsuccessful defense of Ali Pasha. Dantès arranges a ball to "honor" his enemy, then arranges to have him exposed publicly as the one who betrayed Ali Pasha to his death at the hands of the Turks. Unaware of the count\'s role in his disgrace, Mondego goes to him for advice. Dantès reveals his identity and they engage in a duel; Dantès wins, but spares Mondego, who returns home and commits suicide. Next is Danglars, now the most influential banker in Paris. Dantès uses his services to buy and sell shares, sharing tips he receives from his informants. When these turn out to be infallibly profitable, Danglars bribes a man to send him copies of messages to Dantès. Greed leads him to invest all of his money on the next report, just as Dantès had planned. When the tip proves to be false, Danglers is bankrupted. Dantès reveals his true identity to Danglers, who is left penniless and insane. However, there are unexpected complications that threaten Dantès\' carefully conceived plans. Albert Mondego learns of his involvement in his father\'s downfall and challenges him to a duel. Mercedes, who had recognized her former lover upon their first meeting, begs him not to kill her son. He agrees. Fortunately, Albert deliberately changes his aim because his mother has told him who Monte Cristo really is, and the duel ends without injury. De Villefort has risen to the high office of State Attorney. Dantès sends him information about his true identity and activities, which leads to his arrest and trial. At first, Dantès refuses to testify, in order to shield de Villefort\'s daughter Valentine , who is in love with Albert. However, when she learns of it, she urges him to defend himself. Dantès does so, providing evidence of de Villefort\'s longstanding corruption. At last, with all of his enemies destroyed, Dantès is reunited with Mercedes.'] ['John Wayne stars as a sea captain in the early 1860s East Indies out for revenge against a wealthy shipping magnate. The focus of the film is the deadly rivalry between two men of the sea. Ship\'s captain Ralls  nurses a long-standing grudge against shipping magnate Mayrant Ruysdaal Sidneye . The reason for the animosity: Van Schreeven stole away Ralls\' love, Angelique . One day, Ralls decides to "scuttle," or intentionally ground the ship, which is carrying five million dollars in gold bullion. Ralls orders his assistant, Antonio "Ripper" Arrezo , to lock the navigator, Mr. Loring , inside his cabin while he drives the ship onto a reef. When it sinks, the crew abandons ship. First Mate Sam Rosen , Ripper and Capt. Ralls are called before a court of inquiry, at which Loring testifies that Mayrant Ruysdaal Sidneye , whose trading company, Batjak, owned the ship, had sent Ralls an order relieving him of his duties. When questioned, Ralls lies, saying that he never received the message. Sidneye\'s brother, who is presenting the shipping company\'s complaint at the inquest, asks Ralls how he managed to be rescued so quickly, only twelve hours after the wreck, but before he can answer, a messenger arrives with word that Sidneye has withdrawn his complaint. Ralls, Sam, and Ripper set sail as fishermen on a schooner. At one port, they are sold a map of an uncharted island. It turns out that the trio have been led to the island as a ruse to capture Ralls and his shipmates. Ashore, Sam sees Sidneye\'s niece, Teleia Van Schreeven , swimming in the lagoon, and she invites him to dinner that evening. After Teleia overhears her uncle plotting against them, she warns Sam and Ralls that their lives may be in danger. They enter despite her warning, and Sidneye accuses Ralls of scuttling the ship. Sidneye then explains that seven years ago, after he rescued Ralls from the ocean, he agreed to a deal whereby Ralls would show Sidneye the location of some sunken pearls in exchange for command of the Witch. Sidneye agreed to the arrangement, but after Ralls identified the location, Sidneye had him thrown in the brig.  Commissar Jacques Desaix  and his daughter Angelique meet Sidneye on the pearl island. Desaix tells them of the natives\' pearl-diving challenge which involves diving into an octopus\' den to retrieve a sunken chest of pearls. When a challenger attempts it, he becomes stuck in a giant seashell and must be rescued by Ralls. Later, Desaix pressures Angelique to accept Sidneye\'s proposal of marriage. When Ralls learns of the engagement, he gets drunk and dives down to the octopus den. He tries to leave the den with the chest, but the octopus attacks, so he kills it with a knife. At his bedside, Ralls tells Angelique about his near-death experience. Angelique confesses her love for Ralls, and that evening, they attend a festival together. After the native chief determines that the pearls rightfully belong to Ralls, Desaix tries to have him arrested. Later, Teleia tells Sam that Ralls first met Angelique when the Witch arrived in Bali to pick up the gold. After he sees Ralls kissing Angelique, Sidneye begs him to leave the island. Later, Angelique sickens and dies, while Ralls\'s ship sets sail, only to explode passing over a submerged gate at the lagoon\'s entrance. Believing that he has killed Ralls, Sidneye is surprised when he walks in moments later unharmed. Finally, Ralls agrees to try to retrieve the gold from the wrecked ship, which teeters precariously on an underwater ledge. After loading the dive basket with gold, Ralls becomes trapped by debris and dies.http://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?stid=94979 Wake of the Red Witch represented the second screen teaming of John Wayne and Gail Russell, after Angel and the Badman the previous year, during which he and Russell had an offscreen affair; the film must also have held some special significance for Wayne, since he named his own production company, Batjac, after the shipping firm depicted in the picture.http://movies.nytimes.com/movie/53167/Wake-of-the-Red-Witch/overview Wake of the Red Witch shares similarities in both character and climax to a similarly titled earlier John Wayne sea picture, Cecil B. DeMille\'s Reap the Wild Wind, but this film has a more direct approach in exploring the complex motivations of its characters.'] ['After a failed attempt to rescue his first mate, Joshamee Gibbs  in London, Captain Jack Sparrow  is brought before King George II , who wants Jack to guide an expedition to the Fountain of Youth before the Spanish locate it. Heading the expedition is Jack\'s old nemesis, Captain Hector Barbossa , now a privateer in service to the Royal Navy after losing his leg and ship, the Black Pearl. Jack escapes, but his father, Captain Teague , finds him and warns Jack about the Fountain\'s tests. He also reveals that someone is impersonating Jack. The impostor is Angelica , Jack\'s former lover and self-proclaimed daughter of the ruthless pirate Blackbeard , who practices voodoo magic and wields a magical sword that controls his ship. Jack is taken aboard Blackbeard\'s ship, the Queen Anne\'s Revenge, and forced to lead the way to the Fountain and find two silver chalices that once belonged to Juan Ponce de León, both believed to be aboard his lost ship. The Fountain\'s water must be drunk simultaneously from the two chalices. The person drinking from the chalice containing a mermaid\'s tear has their life extended, while the other person dies, their life drained from their body and their remaining years \'donated\' to the other. Meanwhile, Gibbs, having memorized and destroyed Jack\'s map, barters with Barbossa to guide him to the Fountain. Blackbeard seeks the Fountain\'s power to circumvent his predestined fatal encounter with "a one-legged man," and sets a course for Whitecap Bay. There they are attacked by a vicious horde of mermaids, but Blackbeard captures one . Philip Swift , a captive missionary, falls in love with the mermaid and names her Syrena. Blackbeard then sends Jack to retrieve the chalices from de León\'s ship. When Jack finds the grounded, decaying vessel, Barbossa is waiting inside and the Spanish are in possession of the chalices. However, Barbossa only seeks revenge against Blackbeard for capturing the Black Pearl, which forced Barbossa to amputate his own leg to escape. He and Jack join forces to defeat Blackbeard, then head to the nearby Spanish camp to steal the chalices. Meanwhile, Syrena, reciprocating Philip\'s love, is tricked into shedding a tear which Blackbeard collects, leaving her to die. Philip is forced to go with him. Jack returns with the chalices and Gibbs, with whom he had reunited while assisting Barbossa. Jack and Blackbeard bargain for Jack\'s confiscated magical compass and Gibbs\' release. In return, Jack vows to give Blackbeard the chalices and lead him to the Fountain; Blackbeard agrees and Gibbs departs with the compass. At the Fountain, Blackbeard and his crew are attacked by Barbossa, and then by the Spanish, there to destroy the Fountain, their king believing its power is an abomination against God. A battle ensues and Barbossa stabs Blackbeard with a poison-laced sword. Angelica accidentally cuts herself while removing it from Blackbeard. Barbossa claims Blackbeard\'s magical sword and assumes command, leaving with Blackbeard\'s crew. Meanwhile, Philip, though mortally wounded, escapes and returns to free Syrena. After finding the chalices that the Spaniard had tossed into deep water, Syrena gives them to Jack, then retrieves the dying Philip as she kisses and takes him underwater.  With Blackbeard and Angelica wounded, Jack brings the chalices to them and tries to convince Angelica to drink from the one with the tear, but Blackbeard asks his daughter to sacrifice herself. Angelica agrees and drinks. Knowing that the self-serving Blackbeard would sacrifice his surrogate daughter, Jack lied about which chalice contained the tear. Blackbeard\'s body is drained by the waters of the Fountain and destroyed. Although Angelica admits her love for Jack, he strands her on an island, knowing that she may want to avenge Blackbeard. Barbossa, who now captains the Queen Anne\'s Revenge, quits being a privateer and returns to piracy. Jack finds Gibbs, who has used the compass to locate the shrunken Black Pearl and is shown to be in possession of all ships Blackbeard had shrunken in bottles. Hoping to bring the Black Pearl to its original size, the two head off into the sunset, determined to continue living a pirate\'s life. In a post-credits scene, Blackbeard\'s voodoo doll of Jack has washed ashore on the island and is found by Angelica, to which she reacts with a grin.'] ["Set in late 12th century England, this silent adventure is filled with pageantry and excitement as it chronicles the star-crossed love between a dashing knight and a beautiful Jewish maiden. Wilfred of Ivanhoe , son of Sir Cedric , returns to England from the Crusades in the Holy Land. As Ivanhoe, disguised, discovers that his beloved Lady Rowena  has remained faithful, two weary travelers, Isaac of York  and his pretty daughter Rebecca , are admitted to Sir Cedric's castle, but after the knights learn that Isaac has money they abduct the visitors to the Norman stronghold of Torquilstone Castle. When Ivanhoe realizes that Sir Cedric and Rowena have also been captured, he enters the forest, where he meets Robin Hood  and the Black Knight, actually King Richard, the Lion-Hearted . Their band defeats de Bois in battle, but the villain escapes with Rebecca, later charging her with sorcery. As Ivanhoe defeats de Bois in single combat, King Richard arrives, revealing his identity and reclaiming the crown from his traitorous brother, Prince John . Sadly, Rebecca must undergo a period of suffering, as well as come to terms with the loss of the man she loves, and witness the nuptials of her gallant Ivanhoe and the beautiful Rowena."] ["An English captain and his crew are dispatched to the Spanish-controlled island of Tortuga, where famed privateer Henry Morgan has defected from his support of the English Empire and is running a strictly piratical venture, stopping any and all vessels including English. Since the captain cannot attack the island without incurring the wrath of the Spanish government, he must go toe-to-toe with Morgan himself. A comely female has inadvertently ended up as a stowaway on the captain's vessel, and she becomes the de facto central focus of the story . She is initially deposited on the island, where she makes a half-hearted play for the governor, but eventually re-adjusts her sights on the captain himself. In the meantime, the captain is fully engaged in pursuing the pirate."] ["A hurricane hits the isle of Jamaica in 1870. The parents of five children feel it is time to send them to England for a more civilized upbringing and education. During the voyage, pirates board the ship and take the children captive. The pirate captain, Chavez, takes an immediate liking to young Emily, and decides to sail to Tampico and leave the kids safely with a woman there named Rosa, a brothel madam with a good heart. Rosa warns the pirates that the law is after them. Since they are innocent of the crimes attributed to them by the authorities—namely, the murder of all the children—Chavez and his first mate  are unconcerned. But then one of the children, John, slips from a window of the brothel and falls to his death. Chavez doesn't wish any more harm to come to the young ones so he refuses to attack a Dutch vessel that comes into view. But his men mutiny, seize the Dutch boat and capture its captain. Seeing him come toward her with a knife, which he wants her to use to cut his ropes and set him free, Emily instead stabs the Dutch captain and kills him. Not long thereafter, the pirates are captured by British sailors and brought to trial. Under questioning in court, Emily places the responsibility on Chavez instead of on herself. The pirates are hanged."] ["At the Durrisdeer estate in Scotland in 1745, Jamie Durie , his younger brother Henry ([[Anthony Steel  and their father Lord Durrisdeer  receive news of the Jacobite Rising. Their retainer, MacKellar , recommends that one brother join the uprising while the other remains loyal to King George II, so that whichever side wins, the family's status and estate will be preserved. Both brothers want to go. Jamie insists on tossing a coin for the privilege and wins, despite the opposition of his fiancee, Lady Alison . The rising is crushed at the Battle of Culloden. Evading British soldiers, Jamie falls in with an Irish adventurer, Colonel Francis Burke . They return secretly to Durrisdeer to obtain money for passage to France. When Jamie's commoner mistress, Jessie Brown , sees him kissing Lady Alison, she betrays him to the British. Jamie is shot and falls into the sea. Henry becomes the heir to the estate on the presumption that Jamie is dead. Believing his brother betrayed him, a wounded Jamie and Burke take ship with smugglers to the West Indies, where they are captured by pirates led by French dandy Captain Arnaud . Jamie goes into partnership with Arnaud. When they reach the port of Tortugas Bay, they see a rich Spanish galleon captured by fellow buccaneer Captain Mendoza . Arnaud agrees to Jamie's proposal that they steal the ship. However, once they have seized the galleon, Arnaud turns on Jamie. Jamie kills Arnaud in a sword duel and takes command. They sail for Scotland. Jamie returns to the family estate, rich with pirate treasure, to find a celebration in progress for Henry's betrothal to Alison. Unable to contain himself, Jamie confronts his brother, despite the presence of British officers. A fight breaks out, in which Henry tries to aid Jamie. The unequal fight ends with Jamie and Burke condemned to death. Jessie helps them escape, at the cost of her own life. Alison elects to go with Jamie to an uncertain future."] ["In this period film, Lady Mary's  father is accused of treason and, though innocent, is executed. Lady Mary travels to London to confront his accuser, the Duke of Brampton . While there, she meets Michael Dermott , a highwayman, who is also an enemy of the Duke. Dermott is in possession of the Duke's notebook, detailing all the highest ranking and richest people in kingdom. Adventure abounds as the Duke tries to retrieve his property before it can be used against him"] ['As Governor Weatherby Swann, his 12-year-old daughter, Elizabeth, and Lieutenant James Norrington sail to Port Royal, Jamaica, their vessel encounters a shipwreck with an unconscious survivor, the young Will Turner. Elizabeth hides a gold medallion that Will is wearing, fearing it will identify him as a pirate. She glimpses a ghostly pirate ship, later identified as the Black Pearl. Eight years later, Norrington is promoted to Commodore. He proposes to Elizabeth. Before she can answer, her over-tightened corset causes her to faint and fall into the bay. When the medallion she is wearing touches the seafloor, it emits a small shockwave throughout the entire ocean, and the wind changes to blowing towards Port Royal. Pirate Captain Jack Sparrow arrives in Port Royal to steal a ship. He rescues Elizabeth, but Norrington recognizes Jack as a pirate and orders his arrest. Jack ducks into a blacksmith\'s shop, encountering Will Turner, now an apprentice. After a sword duel between the two, Jack is knocked unconscious and jailed, to be hanged the next day. That night Port Royal is besieged by the Pearl, answering the medallion\'s pulse. Elizabeth is captured and invokes parley. She negotiates for the pirates to stop attacking Port Royal in exchange for the medallion and claims to Captain Barbossa that her surname is Turner. Barbossa agrees but keeps Elizabeth prisoner, believing she is the key to breaking a curse they are under. Will, who loves Elizabeth, suggests making a deal with Jack Sparrow to lead them to the Black Pearl, but Norrington refuses. Will persuades Jack to help him rescue her in exchange for Jack\'s freedom. Jack agrees after learning Will\'s surname is Turner, believing he can use Will to reclaim the Pearl. Will and Jack commandeer the HMS Interceptor and recruit a crew in Tortuga with help from Jack\'s old friend, Joshamee Gibbs. They set sail for Isla de Muerta, as Jack knows the pirates will go there to break the curse. Will learns Jack was once captain of the Pearl, questing for Aztec gold, when Barbossa, Jack\'s first mate at the time, mutinied and marooned him on an island. Following the Pirate Code, Barbossa gave Jack a pistol with a single shot, intended for suicide. Jack escaped three days later and kept the pistol for ten years; saving the bullet to kill Barbossa. The pirates spent the treasure but learned it was cursed, turning them into immortal skeletal beings whose true forms are revealed in moonlight. The curse can be lifted if the coins and each pirate\'s blood is returned to the chest. William "Bootstrap Bill" Turner, Jack\'s only supporter, sent a coin to his son, Will, believing the crew should remain cursed. Barbossa had Bootstrap tied to a cannon and thrown overboard, only later to learn his blood was needed to break the curse. At Isla de Muerta, Barbossa, believing Elizabeth is Bootstrap\'s child, anoints the last coin with her blood and drops it into the chest, but the curse remains unbroken. After reaching the island, Will suspects Jack may betray him and knocks him out. He rescues Elizabeth and they escape to the Interceptor, leaving Jack behind. Jack barters with Barbossa, offering Bootstrap Bill\'s child in exchange for the Pearl, but Barbossa rejects his offer and pursues the Interceptor. Barbossa\'s crew sinks the Interceptor and imprisons the crew. Will reveals he is Bootstrap Bill\'s son and demands that Elizabeth and the crew be freed, or he will shoot himself and fall overboard, foiling Barbossa\'s plan to break the curse. Barbossa agrees but applies another loophole, marooning Elizabeth and Jack on the same island Jack had been marooned on ten years earlier. Will is taken to Isla de Muerta, to be killed to break the curse. Elizabeth discovers how Jack escaped: the island was used as a cache by rum runners and Jack bartered passage. Elizabeth burns the cache of rum to create a fire that Norrington\'s ship spots. She convinces Norrington to rescue Will by accepting his marriage proposal. Returning to Isla de Muerta, Norrington sets an ambush while Jack persuades Barbossa to form an alliance. He tells him to delay breaking the curse until they have taken Norrington\'s ship, the Dauntless. Jack\'s plan goes awry when Barbossa orders his crew to infiltrate the Dauntless from underwater. Meanwhile, Elizabeth sneaks on board the Pearl and frees Jack\'s crew. They leave with the Pearl while Elizabeth heads to the island alone and saves Will while Jack battles Barbossa, who reveals that he stole one of the medallions for himself in case such an encounter did arise. Norrington spots his ship under attack and orders his men to return. They reach the ship and attack the cursed pirates. When Barbossa attempts to kill Elizabeth, Jack shoots Barbossa as Will drops the last two medallions, stained with his and Jack\'s blood, into the chest. No longer immortal, Barbossa collapses and dies. The now-mortal pirates aboard the Dauntless surrender. At Port Royal, Will attempts to rescue Jack from hanging. Both are captured. Jack jumps into the ocean and swims to the newly-repaired Black Pearl. Will is pardoned and allowed to marry Elizabeth. The crew pulls Jack aboard from the water, appointing him captain. The film ends with Jack looking at his compass while singing "A Pirate\'s Life for Me".'] ["Caroline  invites her beautiful, green-eyed friend Barbara  to her upcoming wedding to wealthy landowner and local magistrate Sir Ralph Skelton ([[Griffith Jones . A scheming Barbara soon has Sir Ralph totally entranced. Caroline, wishing only his happiness, stands aside, and even allows Barbara to persuade her to be the maid of honour so as to lessen the scandal of the abrupt change of brides. At the wedding reception, Barbara meets a handsome stranger, Kit Locksby . It is love at first sight for both, but too late. Married life on a rural estate does not provide the new Lady Skelton with the excitement she expected and craves. A visit by her detested sister-in-law, Lady Henrietta Kingsclere , and her husband  does not lessen her boredom. Henrietta wins Barbara's jewels, including her most-prized possession, her late mother's ruby brooch, in a game of Ombre. A chance remark about the notorious highwayman Captain Jerry Jackson gives Barbara an idea. Masquerading as Jackson, Barbara holds up Henrietta's coach and takes her brooch . Intoxicated by the experience, she keeps on waylaying coaches, until one night, she and the real Captain Jackson  target the same one. After they relieve the passengers of their valuables and ride away, Jackson is amused to find his competitor is a beautiful woman. They become lovers and partners in crime. Barbara learns of a valuable gold shipment from a former tenant farmer of Skelton's, Ned Cotterill ([[Emrys Jones , who is employed as one of the guards. Jackson is against the idea of stealing the gold, as the coach will have double the usual protection, but Barbara talks him into it. However, the robbery does not go smoothly. When Cotterill pursues them, Barbara aims for his horse, but ends up killing Cotterill. However, her conscience is not disturbed for long. Hogarth , an aged family servant, finds out about Barbara's double life. However, his religious fervour to save her and her convincing lies about repenting keep him from revealing what he knows. Barbara tries to silence him with poison and, when that is not quick enough, smothers him. She then goes to visit Jackson after the prolonged absence caused by Hogarth, but finds him in bed with another woman. Infuriated, she anonymously betrays him to her husband. Jackson is captured and sentenced to be hanged. In London, Barbara goes to view the execution with Caroline, terrified that he will name her as his accomplice. However, he only mentions her indirectly before his hanging. When a riot breaks out afterward, the two ladies are rescued by none other than Kit, who turns out to be engaged to Caroline. The riot allows accomplices of Jackson to cut him down, and he survives the hanging. He breaks into Barbara's bedroom at the Skelton estate and rapes her. Fearful of Jackson, Barbara begs Kit to take her out of England to start a new life. He is sorely tempted, but determined to honor his obligation to Caroline, and Barbara decides to free herself of Ralph. She awaits her husband's coach with a loaded pistol. Jackson shows up to claim partnership in the caper, but when he learns what Barbara intends, it is too much even for him. He rides off to warn Skelton, but Barbara shoots and kills him. When the coach with Caroline, Ralph and Kit arrives, she hijacks it and attempts to shoot her husband; Kit shoots her first and she escapes on horseback. Mortally wounded, she flees back to her home, where Caroline finds her and ascertains the truth. Caroline sends Kit in alone to see the dying woman. At first, Barbara lies about how she was shot; however she cannot continue the deceit with her one true love. She confesses all and pleads with Kit to stay with her until the end, but he is too repulsed by the magnitude of her crimes. He leaves her to die alone."] ["In the time of Frederick Barbarossa, in the area of Italy known as Lombardy, Dardo Bartoli  is walking with his son Rudi  when they encounter Count Ulrich , the 'Hawk', his niece Anne , and his lover, Dardo's unfaithful wife Francesca . Dardo shows off his skill as an archer by shooting down Ulrich's expensive hunting hawk. In revenge, the count takes Dardo's son to his castle. Dardo is struck by an arrow while rescuing Rudi, so the boy allows himself to be recaptured in order to draw the soldiers away. Back at the palace, young Marchese Alessandro de Granazia ([[Robert Douglas  asks for Anne's hand in marriage, but is rejected. Ulrich then arrests him for not paying his taxes. When Dardo and his men rescue the marchese, he joins Dardo's band of rebels. Dardo makes another attempt to free his son. On the advice of his uncle Papa Bartoli , he obtains the help of Anne's maid  to sneak into Ulrich's castle along with his best friend Piccolo , but they are unsuccessful. When they find themselves in Lady Anne's apartment, Piccolo suggests they kidnap her instead. They take her to their secret hideout. She tries several times to escape, but Dardo is too crafty for her. Dardo sends a message to the count, offering an exchange of prisoners, but Ulrich threatens to execute Papa Bartoli unless Anne is released. Dardo and the others race to the village and rescue Papa. Then, Dardo learns from his aunt, Nonna Bartoli , that five more prisoners have been taken to hang in Papa's place. Dardo gives himself up to save the others and is hanged in front of his son. Ulrich takes the rest of the rebels prisoner, including the marchese. The marchese informs Ulrich that the rebels are planning an attack the next day and that Dardo is alive . As a reward for this betrayal, Ulrich agrees to the marchese's marriage to Anne. When she finds out their plans, she warns Nonna Bartoli, with Dardo and his men hiding around the corner. They decide that they must attack at once. Piccolo comes up a plan for getting into the castle by posing as some of the acrobats providing entertainment. The ruse works. When they are ready, they remove their disguises and a battle ensues. During the melee, Anne warns Dardo that Ulrich has gone for his son. When Dardo catches up to Ulrich, he is in the company of the marchese. The count leaves Dardo and the marchese to fight. Though Dardo tries to persuade the marchese to stand aside, the marchese refuses and is killed. Afterwards, Dardo finds his wife dead, killed by a knife in the back. Then, he finds the count holding Rudi at sword-point. Dardo finds a bow and, aiming carefully, kills Ulrich and frees his son. With the battle won, Dardo embraces Anne."] ['The film tells the story of missionary Nathaniel "Nate" Williamsen , taken to an island mission with his fiancee Sophie . Their ship, the Rona, is captained by the roguish Bully Hayes , who also takes a liking to Sophie. When Sophie is kidnapped by slave trader Ben Pease  "Nate" teams with Hayes in order to find her. The plot is essentially a set-up for a rousing series of Indiana Jones style action set pieces, including a sequence on a suspension bridge which greatly resembles the climax of Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, though Nate and Hayes was released a year earlier.'] ["The film is set in the reign of King Louis XIII. When Châtellerault fails to win the heart of the icy Roxalanne de Lavedan, he wagers his entire estate against that of Bardelys that Bardelys can't either. On the way to the Lavedan estate, Bardelys stumbles upon a wounded and dying man, Lesperon, who asks Bardelys to say farewell to his beloved but dies before telling him her name. Bardelys takes his papers and assumes his identity, only to find that Lesperon is a traitor to the king. Bardelys, as Lesperon, encounters the king's soldiers who are hunting Lesperon, fights them, and escapes, badly wounded, to the castle of Lavedan. Roxalanne hides him from the king's soldiers and tends to his wounds. She nurses him to health and pledges her love, but when the guilt-ridden Bardelys refuses to marry her, she angrily turns him over to the king's men. Bardelys, still believed to be Lesperon, is brought to trial for treason—where Châtellerault is the judge. Châtellerault refuses to admit his identity and condemns him to death. Roxalanne finds Bardelys in prison, confesses her love, and marries Châtellerault in a desperate effort to save Bardelys' life. Bardelys escapes from the gallows just as the King arrives to confirm his identity. Châtellerault dies in a duel with Louis' men, and Bardelys and Roxalanne embrace.<ref nameBardelys the Magnificent |publisherhttp://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title/490224/Bardelys-the-Magnificent/ |accessdate=August 1, 2012}}"] ["The film begins in Jamaica in 1668. After bedding and outsmarting a bounty hunter trying to arrest her, female pirate Morgan Adams  hunts down her uncle and fellow pirate Dawg Brown , who has captured her father, Black Harry , who has one of three pieces of a map to a huge stash of gold on a remote island called Cutthroat Island. Dawg has another piece, having stolen it from the corpse of a third brother, while a fourth brother, Mordachai , has the third. Dawg tries to force Harry to give him the map, but Harry refuses and escapes with Morgan's help, but not before being mortally wounded. Before dying, Harry reveals to his daughter the location of the map piece: on his scalp. After scalping her dead father for the piece, Morgan, now the captain of her father's ship, the Morning Star, sets out for the treasure. Unfortunately, the instructions appear to be in Latin, which no one on board reads. So, they go to nearby Port Royal to find a translator. There, they learn that one of the slaves up for auction, a con man and thief named William Shaw , is fluent in Latin. After threatening a man determined to win, Morgan wins the auction. Unfortunately, she is recognized from her wanted poster and is chased out of town , along with her crew and Shaw. Humiliated, corrupt Governor Ainslee  vows to find her, either to arrest her or form a partnership for half her profits. To this end, he enlists the help of chronicler John Reed , who often follows pirates to write his books. The crew then goes to Mordachai in Spittlefield Harbor. Before they can learn where the second piece is however, Dawg appears. A fight ensues, during which Mordachai is killed, Morgan is shot, and Shaw secretly finds the piece and keeps it to himself. After they escape on the Morning Star, Morgan collapses from her wound, but is saved by Shaw, who is a self-proclaimed doctor. During this time, the two start a romance. In addition, Morgan figures out during the escape that the words on the map, when read backwards, spell out half the coordinates to the island. Eventually, Dawg's ship, the Reaper, bears down on them. Morgan directs the ship toward a coral reef...and a gale. Shaw manages to piece together the location of Cutthroat Island with his and Morgan's piece, but is caught and thrown in the brig. During the storm, Reed sends a carrier pigeon revealing their location to Ainslee. Meanwhile, the majority of the crew led by the treacherous Scully  mutinies against Morgan and shanghai her and those loyal to her in a boat. Ironically, though the boat is wrecked, the tide takes them straight to Cutthroat Island. As Morgan goes after the treasure, Shaw, who escaped during the storm, steals the last piece from Dawg, who's on the island, but runs into quicksand. Morgan finds him and, after finding out he has the piece, frees him. Together, they find the gold, only for it to be stolen by Dawg, forcing them to jump off a cliff into the tide. After regaining consciousness, Shaw finds Reed, who leads him into a trap set by Dawg, Ainslee, and the mutineers, who have joined forces and intend to split the gold between them. As Shaw is captured and they make their way out to sea with the gold, Morgan sneaks aboard the Morning Star and retakes it from the mutineers. The crew then tries to sneak attack the Reaper, but Dawg finds them out and attacks. A huge open sea fight ensues, during which Shaw escapes and Ainslee is killed by cannon fire. Morgan eventually boards the Reaper and blows out the ship's bottom to get to the gold. She then duels Dawg while Shaw gets trapped below in rapidly rising water with the treasure. Eventually, Morgan kills Dawg with a cannon and saves Shaw, forced to abandon the treasure to escape the sinking ship. Luckily, Morgan uses a trick to retrieve the treasure and the newly rich crew sets sail for their next adventure in Madagascar."] ['Captain Edward Reynolds brags about his victory over the dreaded pirate Victor Stagnetti to his loyal companion Jules; he has even assembled a new crew for his ship, including Ai Chow and Olivia, Serena\'s cousin. It is Olivia who informs the crew that the governor of Jamaica has ordered Serena\'s arrest and Olivia is on board to protect the crew from enemies, and to convince Edward and Jules to ask for Serena\'s pardon. When they finally go to Jamaica and ask Governor Littleton to pardon Serena, he is more interested in Jules\' appearance than anything else. They convince the governor, who first sends them on a mission to kill another group of pirates and find another hidden treasure. Olivia and Jules get off to a rocky start to their friendship, but eventually end up in a steamy lesbian experience. Later, Edward comes across Takvor, the Armenian gold pirate, during a female slave auction and is invited to participate in an orgy featuring belly dancers and slave girls. Meanwhile, Jules is captured by the Chinese pirate empress Xifeng and is administered a liquid which gives her control over Jules\' body and mind. Xifeng uses Jules to seduce/capture Edward. He is then forced to fight a dragon-like creature, but Olivia saves him at the last minute. Meanwhile, Victor Stagnetti is reborn from the sea. He and Xifeng engage in a three-way with their new thrall, Jules, as she happily obliges. Edward and Olivia fight off a host of undead skeletons Stagnetti summons and more. Olivia boards the enemy ship and fights Xifeng in a sword fight and takes her down. She then must fight the poisoned Jules as well, until Stagnetti intervenes and takes both of them down. Once again, Edward comes to the rescue, reclaiming his title as "the greatest pirate hunter that has ever lived".'] ["The film begins with Flashman making a patriotic speech to the boys of Rugby School framed by a giant Union Flag, in a scene which appears to be a parody of the opening sequence in the 1970 film Patton. There is a brief flashback to the events of the original Flashman, with the head of the Rugby School  recounting Flashman's exploits in Afghanistan. The film then follows the plot of the book, which itself largely derives from The Prisoner of Zenda. Flashman is forced by Otto von Bismarck to impersonate a Danish prince, who is about to marry a German princess . Bismarck exacts this retribution partly in revenge for his humiliation at the hands of Flashman in London; Flashman stole Bismarck's mistress Lola Montez, then manoeuvred him into boxing against a professional boxer, John Gully (played by [[Henry Cooper , at a house party. Bismarck does not wish the Princess to marry a Dane, since this may tilt the balance on the Schleswig-Holstein Question and interfere with his plans for a united Germany."] ['The story begins with a man explaining to his son that the world is not fun and games and to stay away from the arena. The son ignores this and engages in a giant fight with Sargon, instructing the children to do battle, in order to receive the training of a Black Scorpion. The battle ensues and Mathayus\' female friend, Layla is found out in the midst by Sargon. Being forbidden to join the games, she is forced away by Sargon, before Mathayus hits him with a staff and gets caught by the guards, trying to escape. His father Ashur protects him and a duel between him and Sargon ensues, in which the Hammurabi states Ashur\'s son is to be given the training, Sargon\'s eyes turn black and he states that he will pay. In the night, a large dark mist travels through the city, before entering the house of Mathayus and a swarm of scorpions rip apart Ashur\'s flesh and kills him. Mathayus vows to become the best of the Black Scorpion soldiers to get revenge. Years later, when he has completed his training, he learns that Sargon has become the new king of Akkad. Upon re-uniting with his childhood friend Layla, his mother, and his brother, Noah, who is against the king, Mathayus is tasked by Sargon to kill Noah. Instead he breaks the chain around Noah\'s neck and tells him to run. He then takes this opportunity to attack his guard and eventually Sargon himself, using one of the guard\'s spears. When he throws the spear, it stops in mid-air in front of Sargon, before reversing direction toward Mathayus, who narrowly avoids being hit. He and Noah escape through the city on horseback, chased by a magical arrow fired by Sargon. When Noah is killed by the arrow, Mathayus attempts to board a ship to Egypt, before noticing someone is following him, it turns out to be Layla and as he boards the ship, a Greek known as Ari informs them that the Spear of Osiris is only meant to kill Egyptian creatures, such as scarabs and mummies, and thus would be ineffective against him. Layla tells him that Sargon has been granted dark powers by the gods. Ari tells them of the Sword of Damocles in the underworld, which can be used to kill him. Once in Egypt, they go to Greece to attempt to enter the palace, in order to get to the labyrinth and into the Underworld. On the way, they fall into a cell and are surrounded by sacrifices for the Minotaur. After defeating the Minotaur, he attempts to enlist the aid of a group of mercenaries, who were slaves, and a lost man, named Fung, who was looking to get home to China. Once they enter the Underworld, they siphon through a desert, until a forest surrounds them. They are approached by the goddess Astarte, who forces them to beg for their lives; however, Layla and Mathayus decline and Layla and Astarte fight, whilst Fung and Ari attempt to find the sword. Ari locates and obtains the sword, whilst Mathayus tries to persuade her to allow them to leave, she declines and sends Layla to hell, but not before Mathayus frees her and they all escape back to the human realm. Astarte orders Sargon to get her sword back for her, and he requests for more powers, she accepts in exchange for the "Ultimate Sacrifice" and places a drop of blood on his head, in which markings form. They finally reach Akkad and Sargon has organized an event at the arena, which turns out to be a machine that dumps oil into the water supply, the oil and water begins to flow through statues into the city, the city is then set on fire. Mathayus forces himself through to Sargon and meets his father, who turns out to be Sargon in disguise. Sargon disarms Mathayus and begins to fight him to the death. Ari  picks up the sword. Mathayus makes a smart comment and Sargon turns to Ari and says "make sure you write that down, scribe" revealing Ari\'s presence. Sargon then asks Ari for the sword and it turns out that Sargon had been bribing Ari with riches, Ari tosses the sword to Sargon and exits. More chaos and fighting ensues in the city and we learn that the sword that Ari gave Sargon was a fake and easily shatters. Ari bursts in and gives Mathayus the real sword and tells Sargon to never trust a Greek, a recurring joke in the movie. Ari then leaves the room with a bow, but not before telling Sargon "I am a poet, not a scribe, you jackass." As Sargon states Mathayus owes his loyalty as a black scorpion, Mathayus burns off his scorpion tattoo with the sword and Sargon\'s skin begins to flake as he retreats into the shadows. Sargon turns into a giant  scorpion, which Mathayus impales with the sword. Fung and Layla put out the fires in the city and are praised. Astarte tells Mathayus that she will show him no mercy and Mathayus tells her that she will have him one day, and he awakens in a bed after being nursed by Layla. Layla then tells Mathayus that he should be king, but Mathayus decides to live a life of adventure, traveling through the desert on his camel, knowing one day he shall be destined to be known as the Scorpion King.'] ['Someone masquerading as Zorro is robbing stagecoaches. Don Diego de la Vega attempts to clear his alter ego by using his wounded father and future sister-in-law as bait.'] ['In France just prior to the French Revolution, Queen Marie Antoinette  asks her cousin Noel, the Marquis de Maynes , to uncover the identity of "Marcus Brutus", a dangerous pamphleteer rousing hatred of the aristocracy. Meanwhile, André Moreau , a nobleman\'s bastard, kidnaps his beloved Lenore  to keep her from marrying another man. Afterwards, Moreau learns that his father is the Count de Gavrillac. While traveling to meet his parent, Moreau runs into Aline de Gavrillac , the Queen\'s ward, when her carriage breaks down the road. They are strongly attracted to each other, but Moreau\'s ardor suddenly cools when he learns that she is his half-sister. He hides that information from her. By chance, de Maynes encounters Marcus Brutus, who turns out to be Moreau\'s best friend, Philippe de Valmorin . An expert swordsman, de Maynes provokes de Valmorin into a duel, then toys with his inexperienced opponent before finally dispatching him. Enraged, Moreau attacks, but does no better than his dead friend. After de Maynes easily disarms him several times, Moreau chooses discretion over valor and flees for his life, vowing to kill de Maynes the same way he slew de Valmorin. Chased by de Maynes\'s henchmen led by the Chevalier de Chabrillaine , Moreau hides out in the commedia dell\'arte troupe in which Lenore performs. Forced to disguise himself as the character Scaramouche, he discovers a hidden talent for acting. Burning for revenge, Moreau seeks out de Maynes\' personal fencing instructor, Doutreval , and trains diligently in secret for weeks, while also performing with the troupe. However, de Maynes interrupts one such training session and they fight for a second time. Moreau is still overmatched. He is saved only when Aline and Doutreval unexpectedly intervene, allowing Moreau to escape. Moreau decides that, to surpass de Maynes, he needs to learn from Doutreval\'s teacher, Perigore , so he takes the troupe to Paris. There, Dr. Dubuque , a deputy of the new National Assembly, seeks his help. The aristocrats in the assembly are systematically killing off the deputies representing the common people by provoking them into duels. Moreau is not interested, until Dubuque mentions that de Maynes is one of the duelists. Then he eagerly accepts the seat of a deceased deputy. Each day, he shows up at the assembly to challenge de Maynes, only to find his enemy absent on trivial, but official duties arranged by Aline and Lenore working together to protect the man they both love. However, other noblemen are eager to fight the newcomer, but Moreau wins each time, gaining valuable experience in the process. In the meantime, de Maynes becomes engaged to Aline. Overhearing de Maynes\' intention to confront Moreau that night, Aline persuades him to take her out instead. As luck would have it, they attend a performance of the troupe and, at last, Moreau has his opportunity for revenge. The two men engage in a spectacular, prolonged duel  that ranges throughout the theater, from the balcony boxes, to the lobby, through the main seats, backstage and finally back on the stage itself. Finally, Moreau has de Maynes at his mercy, but something he cannot explain stays his hand. Later, Moreau learns that his father was not the Count de Gavrillac, but rather the old Marquis de Maynes. The man he almost killed is his half-brother. Then he realizes that he is not related to Aline, so they can be married. .'] ["The story starts with the recounting of the forced exile which has befallen the Christian royal family of the Viking kingdom of Scandia - King Aguar, his wife, and his son Prince Valiant - by the Viking rebels led by the usurper Sligon, a worshipper of the old Norse god pantheon. Aguar has since come under the protection of King Arthur, and once Valiant has grown to a man, he is sent to Camelot to undergo training as a knight under the tutelage of Aguar's family friend, the noble knight of the Round Table, Sir Gawain. During his wanderings, Valiant witnesses a clandestine meeting between a group of Sligon's Vikings and a black-clad knight. He is discovered, but with slyness and improvisation manages to elude his pursuers. During his flight, Valiant runs into Gawain, and after becoming convinced that Valiant is indeed the son of Aguar and hearing the prince's story of the mysterious Black Knight, who is not unknown to the knights of Camelot, Gawain takes Valiant to his king. Valiant is accepted by the king as a prospective knight, but first he has, like any other knight apparent, to undergo the rigors of squirehood. One of the royal knights, Sir Brack, takes an extraordinary interest in Valiant and offers to train him, but Valiant is instead assigned to Gawain. Some time later, Sir Brack offers to take Valiant to the place where the young prince has seen the Black Knight in order to backtrack the mysterious figure. Once there, they separate, but shortly afterwards Valiant is ambushed by a group of bowmen and barely escapes with his life and an arrow in his back. Wounded, he stumbles into the territory of King Luke and is taken in by his daughters, Aleta and Ilene. Upon recovery, Aleta and Valiant fall in love, but King Luke disapproves of Valiant's Viking origin and so their relationship must remain a secret for the time being. From Aleta, Valiant also learns that her younger sister Ilene has a crush on Sir Gawain. Valiant returns to Camelot and discovers to his shock that Gawain, who had grown worried over his squire, had tried to find him and run into an ambush by the Black Knight as well, likewise having escaped within an inch of his life. Some time later, Aleta and Ilene come to Camelot to attend a tournament held in their honor; as an added price, the winner of this joust will win Aleta's hand. Valiant dons Gawain's armor, who is too seriously wounded to participate, in order to win Aleta, but he fails and is unmasked. But then another contender appears and wins the bout before falling off his horse - and this knight turns out to be Sir Gawain himself. Awakening on his sickbed, Gawain beholds Aleta and falls head over heels in love with her, and out of respect for his patron, Valiant does not dare tell him the truth. For his act of assumption, Valiant is punished to being confined to his quarters and attending to his master. But then a mysterious messenger comes to the castle to see Sir Brack, and the same night King Aguar's seal is thrown through the window of Sir Gawain's chambers and lands at Valiant's feet. Realizing that his parents are in trouble, Valiant immediately leaves Camelot, leaving a bewildered Aleta behind. But as he prepares to return to his home, he is ambushed and captured by Sligon's Vikings and the Black Knight, who reveals himself as Sir Brack. Brack has made a pact with Sligon: For delivering King Aguar's family, Sligon will assist Brack in conquering Camelot and assuming rulership over Britain. Shortly, Aleta, who is unwilling to let Valiant run off, arrives at the scene and is captured herself, and the two are brought to Thule, where Sligon prepares their execution and that of Valiant's parents. However, a group of Christian Vikings led by Aguar and Valiant's old friend Boltar prepare to stage a revolution, and Boltar infiltrates the castle. Valiant manages to escape his cell and team up with Boltar, who intends to assassinate Sligon while Valiant is to give an attack signal to their cohorts once Sligon has fallen. But Valiant is discovered before Boltar manages to kill Sligon, and during his struggle with a guard a false signal is given which makes the Christian Vikings attack too early. Just as things seem bleak, Valiant manages to set fire to several parts of the castle, throwing the defenders into confusion, and eventually slays Sligon in single combat. Some time later, Valiant returns with Aleta to Camelot and accuses Brack of treachery before the king and the assembled Round Table. Brack calls for a judicial duel to the death, and despite Gawain's protests and his offer to fight in Valiant's stead, the young prince accepts the challenge and succeeds in killing the traitor with his father's sword after a long and hard fight. Following its resolution, Valiant offers Aleta back to his master, but Gawain stays his hand; during the long period of worry over their loved ones, the old kight has finally come to learn the truth, and he and Ilene have fallen in love with each other. In the end, Valiant is finally made a fully privileged Knight of the Round Table."] ["The mysterious Don Del Oro , an idol of the Yaqui Indians, has emerged and attacks the gold trade of the Republic of Mexico, planning to take over the land and become Emperor. A man named Francisco is put in charge of a fighting legion to combat the Yaqui tribe and protect the gold, but he is attacked by men working for Don Del Oro. Zorro comes to his rescue, but it is too late for him. Francisco's partner recognizes Zorro as the hidalgo Don Diego Vega. Francisco asks Diego, as Zorro, to take over the fighting legion and defeat Don Del Oro."] ['In 1780, General Benedict Arnold commands the Continental Army defences at West Point, New York. Major John Bolton , a dragoon officer assigned to counter-intelligence, intercepts and kills a British spy leaving the Storm King Tavern, and captures a letter found on the spy. He reports to Gen. Robert Howe , that the coded message was from the British spy calling himself "Gustavus" to "James Osborn", in care of Dr. Jonathan Odell of New York, stating that Arnold has taken command at West Point. The secret knowledge indicates that the spy is a "highly placed person". Bolton returns to the tavern, where one of his contacts, stableboy Ben Potter , tells him that the Tory wife of a redcoat, Mrs. Sally Cameron , is travelling under a flag of truce possibly carrying information to the enemy. She catches them searching her room, where Bolton takes her safe conduct pass after verbally sparring with her. Mrs. Cameron tries to seduce Bolton to obtain its return, but he rebuffs her. A messenger arrives with a package for "Mr. Moody," but when no one by that name can be found, Mrs. Cameron\'s escort steps forward to deliver the package to "Moody," who has been travelling, in uniform, as an American officer. Bolton recognizes him as an impostor, and in a struggle over the package, kills him. Other American officers arrest Bolton for murder and deliver him to Howe. A pass through the lines found hidden in his boot reveals that the impostor was actually Moody, a spy, who had another coded letter from Gustavus to Osborn in his possession. The package, a ream of blank paper, concealed a message to Gustavus from Osborn written in invisible ink requesting an urgent meeting to finalize an unknown arrangement. Howe proposes that Bolton "desert" to the British. Bolton agrees, aware that he could be hanged if the British discover his mission. With Moody\'s pass, Bolton passes through the British lines, but the British lieutenant on duty recognizes that he is not the same man who previously used the pass and follows him. In New York, Bolton calls upon Dr. Odell , trying to deliver the letter. The lieutenant bursts in to arrest Bolton, but when he addresses him as "Mr. Moody", Odell takes Boulton and the letter to British Army Major John André ([[Michael Wilding  for deciphering, using a pair of spectacles to isolate key words. Bolton claims that he was Moody\'s source of information. He offers to continue working for the British. Odell bluntly tells Bolton that he thinks his story is too neat and believes him to be a Rebel spy. But André takes an immediate liking to Bolton. He invites him to a dinner party that evening, where Bolton suffers an anxious moment when Sally Cameron  is present. Bolton\'s explanation corroborates information about the murder that André had checked, and Sally provides the perfect eyewitness. Bolton is sent with two Tory agents to sabotage the chain barrier across the Hudson River before a British attack on the American position at Verplanck, so that British warships can pass.The film is in error placing the chain between Stony Point and Verplanck. It was however the location of the strategic King\'s Ferry crossing of the Hudson, held by the Americans in 1780, and used a year later by Washington\'s army marching to Yorktown. André gives one a letter to deliver afterwards at the Storm King Tavern. Bolton drowns one agent, but when he tries to arrest the other, is confronted by an armed Ben Potter, who still thinks that Bolton is a murderer and deserter. The agent disarms Ben and nearly kills Bolton. Ben finds his gun and shoots the agent. At a secret meeting with Howe, Bolton uses spectacles to decipher the letter, which points to Gustavus as someone at West Point with authority. Bolton volunteers to return to New York to identify the mysterious James Osborn. Odell more than ever believes Bolton is a spy, but Bolton convinces André that the British agents completed their mission. To trap him, Odell writes a false dispatch from "Mr. Osborn" for Bolton to steal. At another dinner, Bolton notices that Sally Cameron only pretends to toast the King. She has also fallen in love with him and warns Boulton about Odell\'s trap. The British attack on Verplanck is crushed and results in Boulton\'s arrest as a Rebel spy. He is saved from hanging by André, who intervenes for him after Sally confesses her feelings for Bolton and begs him to vouch on Bolton\'s behalf. He does so, despite her refusal of his marriage proposal. Putting duty before personal considerations, André asks Bolton to accompany him to a meeting between Gustavus and Osborn aboard the sloop Vulture. André assures Bolton that Gustavus and Osborn have conjured a quick end to the war. The wily Gustavus changes the meeting at the last moment to the house of a Tory sympathizer and orders André to come alone. Bolton persuades André to go in uniform, and not in civilian clothing, lest he be captured as a spy. Soon after, Odell detects Bolton warning American shore batteries of the British presence, but Bolton escapes by swimming ashore to the American garrison. The American commander, Col. Jameson , is sceptical of Bolton\'s loyalties and stubbornly prevents him from capturing Gustavus and Osborn. Gustavus escapes. Osborn has been captured and Bolton realizes that Benedict Arnold is Gustavus. To his horror, Bolton learns that Osborn is André, and worse, that he changed into civilian clothes trying to escape. At André\'s court-martial, Bolton testifies that André entered the lines in uniform and changed into civilian clothing only at Arnold\'s treacherous orders. The court reluctantly sentences André to be executed as a spy. André pledges his continuing friendship with Bolton and asks him to protect Sally from any retribution. Bolton brokers a last-minute deal to exchange André for Arnold, but André considers the suggestion a taint on his honour and declines.'] ["The opening has the dashing Earl of Huntingdon besting his bitter enemy, Sir Guy of Gisbourne, in a joust. Huntingdon then joins King Richard the Lion-Hearted, who is going off to fight in the Crusades and has left his brother, Prince John, as regent. The prince soon emerges as a cruel, treacherous tyrant. Goaded on by Sir Guy, he usurps Richard's throne. When Huntingdon receives a message from his paramour, Lady Marian Fitzwalter, telling him of all that has transpired, he requests permission to return to England. King Richard assumes that the Earl has turned coward and denies him permission. The Earl seeks to leave in spite of this, but is ambushed by Sir Guy and imprisoned as a deserter. Upon escaping from his confines, he returns to England, endangering his life and honor, to oppose Prince John and restore King Richard's throne. He finds himself, and his friends, outlawed, and Marian apparently dead. Huntingdon returns to Nottingham and adopts the name of Robin Hood, acrobatic champion of the oppressed. Leading a band that steals from the rich to give to the poor, including Friar Tuck, Little John, Will Scarlet, and Alan-a-Dale, he labors to set things right through swashbuckling feats and makes life miserable for Prince John and his cohort, the High Sheriff of Nottingham. After rescuing Marian from Prince John's prison and defeating Sir Guy in a final conflict, Robin is captured. The timely reappearance of King Richard returns him to Marian and foils the efforts of Prince John."] ['Diego de la Vega  is about to return to Spain from the New World when he chances to meet his old friend, Miguel de la Serna. Miguel has just been appointed the new governor of Nuova Aragon after the death of his uncle, Don Fernando. Diego tries to warn Miguel that Nuova Aragon has been ruled by greed and hatred for many generations and that Miguel\'s uncle  was probably murdered, but Miguel, who is consumed by pacifistic humanitarian ideals, will not listen. Later that same evening, Miguel is attacked by several men while walking outside the inn. Diego arrives and, with stunning swordplay, defeats the men and forces one of them to talk. The man says that Colonel Huerta  sent them to kill Miguel. Dying, Miguel agrees to let Diego go in his place, but makes him swear that "the new Governor will never kill." Diego reluctantly agrees. Months later in Nuova Aragon, Colonel Huerta asks the council for complete control of the army and government. Just then, Diego  arrives and announces that he is the new governor. He then meets Miguel\'s aunt, Carmen , who is little inclined to have any kind of familial relationship with her "nephew". He also meets Kapitan Fritz von Markel , the head of the Governor\'s personal guard, and narrowly escapes an assassination attempt via a bowl of poisoned sweets . Diego and Joaquin  watch Huerta force his men through a grueling fencing practice; afterwards, Huerta slices through candles without disturbing them, showing off his skill. In response to the Governor\'s request for "personal safety", he appoints Sergeant Garcia , an overweight soldier with more than a bit of an appetite, as the Governor\'s bodyguard. Later, in Diego\'s room, the dog Assassin shows Diego and Joaquin a secret passageway behind a bookshelf. In disguise, Diego and Joaquin roam the streets of Nuova Aragon, seeing how much the people have been cowed. Two incidents attract Diego\'s attention: a group of boys causing mischief to corrupt merchants leaving behind a chalked "Z", and a monk named Brother Francisco trying to rouse the people against Huerta\'s cruelty. After the monk is helped to evade capture by the soldiers by friendly townspeople, Diego and Joaquin question one of the boys, Chico. Although unwilling to talk at first, Chico is convinced to trust Diego and tells him about the legend of Zorro: "the spirit of the black fox. He\'s a great fighter and he always wins, he can never die." Bringing Brother Francisco\'s cart back to him, Diego, Joaquin and Chico witness Brother Francisco being arrested by the soldiers. The next day, Brother Francisco has been unjustly sentenced to 20 lashes for fraud in selling rotten hides and slander against the merchant who has framed him. After a few lashes, Diego appears as Zorro, releases Brother Francisco and forces the soldiers to give "the corrupt judge, the lying witness, and the murdering executioner" three times the number of lashes Brother Francisco was sentenced to. Diego, once again as Serna, comments on a portrait of Hortensia Pulido  and is attracted to her. He is informed by Aunt Carmen that her family was once wealthy but now poor, a fact confirmed by Huerta who claims that the Pulidos were conspiring against the people of Nuova Aragon. Later in the town marketplace, Hortensia urges the people to rise up against the soldiers, saying that the scales the merchants use are rigged. Garcia shows up, ordering her to stop causing trouble and begins ridiculing Zorro. Suddenly Zorro appears and orders Garcia at sword-point to get on the scale, which shows that Garcia supposedly weighs "only 50 pounds." After Zorro toys with the clumsy Garcia at swords for some time, soldiers appear, but since Chico and some other boys have dumped their rifles down a well, they are forced to go after Zorro with swords. Naturally, following an athletic chase through the marketplace Zorro escapes, and Hortensia looks on with admiration. Later, Hortensia returns to her home, where she finds Zorro waiting. Zorro and Hortensia talk for only a few moments before Huerta arrives. Hortensia urges Zorro to go, saying that she is afraid for him. Zorro leaves. Huerta arrives and tells his men to search the area. When Hortensia tells him that her parents aren\'t home, he decides to stay for a while. After Hortensia rejects Huerta\'s marriage proposal, he forcefully kisses her. At this, Zorro re-appears and  forces Huerta to get on his knees and beg Hortensia\'s forgiveness. Huerta leaves in a huff, and Zorro and Hortensia share a romantic moment. Aunt Carmen has decided to return to Spain , escorted by Kapitan von Markel. Zorro and Joaquin, knowing that Huerta will certainly have his men rob the party in the guise of bandits, secretly follow. When the party makes camp for the night, the "bandits" attack, but von Markel  fights back and drives them off, exciting the admiration  of Carmen. The "bandits" escape with the treasure, but Zorro catches up with them and steals the jewels back. Diego begins an elaborate scheme, first with a scroll note from the dog, then a ransacked dining room marked with Z\'s, to make it appear that Zorro is plotting to kill the Governor. After "de la Serna" takes to his bed in fear, Huerta informs Diego that he has the perfect plan to capture Zorro. He says his men will capture Hortensia, lock her in a cage and cart her around the plaza until Zorro comes to rescue her. Soldiers will be everywhere, so Zorro cannot escape. Zorro outwits them by going straight to Hortensia\'s cell at the prison and waiting for her to arrive. He rescues Hortensia, and stays behind to distract the guards. Zorro escapes, and overhears Huerta and Garcia. Huerta says that only one other person knew of the plan. He rides off to the governor\'s mansion, and Zorro manages to get back just before Huerta arrives. Huerta and Diego argue a bit about Zorro, and it is clear that Huerta is suspicious. Diego then offers himself to be bait for Zorro. The next day, Diego and Garcia go on a fishing trip. Soldiers are surrounding the area. Joaquin shows up as Zorro, and almost all the soldiers follow him. Eluding the soldiers, Joaquin rides to Brother Francisco\'s mission. Brother Francisco informs the children of Zorro\'s plan, and sends them out to different areas dressed as Zorro as distractions to the soldiers. Diego pretends to go to the carriage for a nap, but reappears as the real Zorro, telling Garcia he has the governor at gunpoint, and will "wring his neck and have him stuffed and fed to the dog" if Garcia doesn\'t do what he tells him. Garcia, with Zorro, arrives at a mine run by forced slave labor. He orders the guards to release them all, or else Zorro will kill the Governor. With Brother Francisco\'s help, the slaves are freed, and Zorro tells Garcia to leave. Hortensia arrives and tells Zorro that Huerta and the soldiers are coming. When Zorro leaves with the carriage, Hortensia holds onto the back to ride with him. Huerta and his men give chase. Zorro stops the carriage long enough to order Hortensia to leave, saying that the people need her. He kisses her, Hortensia leaves, and then Zorro drives the carriage off a cliff into the ocean. Hortensia looks over in disbelief, and Huerta arrives. Huerta says that now Nuova Aragon will have a new governor  and Hortensia, if her parents know what\'s best for them, will have a husband. On the day of the wedding, Brother Francisco and civilians arrive at the church in protest. Huerta orders the guards to arrest him, but they are reluctant to do so. To everyone\'s surprise , Zorro reappears unharmed. He battles soldiers on the roof of the church, while on the ground Kapitan von Markel assists the angry crowd in handling the soldiers. Huerta grabs a soldier\'s pistol and shoots Brother Francisco at point-blank range, killing him and causing a riot to break out. Huerta\'s armed soldiers settle the riot down, and Zorro, feeling that Brother Francisco\'s murder has released him from his promise to Miguel de la Serna, begins a final showdown and duel to the death with Huerta. The fight goes on for many minutes, going from the doorstep of the church to the inside. During the duel Zorro repeats Huerta\'s trick with the candles, only better—splitting one in half. Later on, Zorro falls out through a stained glass window and Huerta believes Zorro is dead. However, Zorro reappears in the darkness of the bell tower and the fight continues. In the meantime, the dog Assassin prevents Garcia from interfering, causing the fat sergeant to back into and fall down a well. On the roof, Huerta says that either he or Zorro must die. Zorro then says, "Well then...let it be the moment of truth." and unmasks himself. In a simultaneous lunge, Diego kills Huerta, causing him to fall from the roof. The crowd looks on stunned, then bursts into applause. Zorro then appears in a valley on his horse, and in romantic fashion, rides off. The tyrant is dead. Justice has triumphed. Long live Zorro!'] ['The film begins when a miller, who is poaching deer on lands belonging to the King of England, is detected by a hunting party led by the evil knight Sir Miles Folcanet . The miller flees the hunting party until he runs into a Saxon earl, Robert Hode , and his friend, Will. The miller pleads for help as the Normans arrive and threaten to poke the miller\'s eyes out. Before they can carry out the punishment, Hode  stops them. Folcanet is enraged and demands that Hode be punished by the local Sheriff , Roger Daguerre . Daguerre is Robert\'s friend and initially orders a light punishment, but Hode feels betrayed, insults Daguerre, and is outlawed as a result. He flees into Sherwood Forest, meets John Little and the usual cast of Merry Men, and under the name "Robin Hood" takes up arms and fights against the Norman nobility. Robin also falls for Daguerre\'s niece, Mariane , who is promised to Folcanet, and the climax of the film is an attack on Nottingham Castle to stop the wedding. .'] ["In 1850 , California is voting on whether to join the United States of America as a state. A wild gunman, Jacob McGivens, attempts to steal some ballots, but Zorro chases after him and recaptures the votes. In their scuffle, McGivens pulls off Zorro's mask. A pair of Pinkerton agents recognize him as Don Alejandro de la Vega. Zorro fashions a makeshift mask from his costume and rides off on his stallion, Toronado, to deliver the votes to the governor. Upon returning to his mansion, Alejandro is greeted by his loving wife, Eléna . Eléna believes that Alejandro can now give up being Zorro, but Alejandro is sure that the people will still need him. Angered by his neglect of her and their son in favor of the Zorro persona, Eléna kicks him out of the house. The next day, after sending their son, Joaquin to school, Eléna is confronted by the Pinkertons, who disclose their knowledge of Zorro's identity. Soon after, Alejandro is served with divorce papers from Eléna. Three months later, Alejandro, living in a hotel, is depressed over the separation from Eléna. His friend and childhood guardian, Father Felipe, convinces him to attend a party at a French count's new vineyard, and there Alejandro finds out that Eléna has been spending time with the count and her former schoolmate, Armand. Later, after drinking himself stupid, Alejandro witnesses a huge explosion close to Armand's mansion and becomes suspicious of Armand. Afterwards, McGivens and his men attack a peasant family, the Cortezes, who are Alejandro's friends, in order to seize their land deed. Zorro succeeds in rescuing Guillermo's wife and infant son, but McGivens shoots Guillermo just before disappearing with his gang, the deed to the Cortez home in hand. Zorro subsequently stakes McGivens out at Armand's mansion and discovers that Armand wanted Cortez's land to build a railroad. He encounters Eléna, and learns that Armand will receive a mysterious shipment. Zorro tracks McGivens to a cove where the count's cargo is being delivered. However, on a class trip nearby Joaquin has also come across McGiven's gang and hitched a ride. Zorro saves his son, who does not recognize him, from the bandits, but the only clues he is able to retrieve are a piece of the cargo - a bar of soap - and the name Orbis Unum from a crate lid. Felipe and Alejandro learn that Armand is the head of a secret society, the Knights of Aragon, which secretly ruled Europe in the past. Armand plans to throw the United States, which is perceived as a threat to the Knights' power, into chaos before it can gain too much power. Sometime later, Alejandro is captured by the Pinkertons who inform him of their blackmailing Eléna into divorcing him and getting close to Armand to discover his plans; since California isn't yet a state, they couldn't conduct a legal investigation. Joaquin stumbles upon his father's whereabouts and frees him from prison. Zorro heads over to Armand's mansion, meets Eléna, and eavesdrops on Armand's meeting, learning that the soap bars contain glycerin - a precursor to nitroglycerin, which Armand plans to distribute throughout the Confederate Army, with the help of Confederate Colonel Beauregard, to destroy the Union. Zorro and Eléna reconcile concerning her involvement with the Pinkertons, and Zorro prepares to destroy the train carrying the explosives. McGivens arrives at Felipe's church to look for Zorro, but ends up shooting the priest and kidnapping Joaquin. At the mansion, Armand is informed by his butler, Ferroq about Eléna's deception and, showing her the bodies of the Pinkerton agents, brutally confronts her with his knowledge. He takes her and Joaquin hostage on to the 10 car train, forcing Zorro to stop his own sabotage and getting himself captured. He is unmasked in front of his wife and son, much to Joaquin's shock. Joaquin and Eléna are taken away by Armand, while McGivens is tasked with killing Alejandro. Unexpectedly, Felipe arrives and helps Alejandro overpower McGivens, who is killed when a drop of nitro lands on his head. Felipe then reveals that the crucifix around his neck shielded him from McGivens' bullet, and Alejandro goes to save Eléna and Joaquin. Zorro catches up with and lands - along with Toronado - inside the 8th car of the train, and engages Armand in a sword fight. Meanwhile, Eléna has Joaquin escape into the back cars of the train which she disconnects. She then fights Ferroq in the nitro storage car, and both he and Colonel Beauregard are killed in an explosion. Joaquin collects Toronado and rides after the train by jumping off the running train. Further along the tracks, under the eyes of a huge crowd, the governor is signing the bill to make California a state. As the train gets closer, Joaquin has Toronado hit a track switch, causing the train to pass around the governor's car. Zorro and Armand's duel takes them to the very front of the locomotive; however, the track is a dead end, blocked by a large pile of rails. Zorro hooks Armand to the train and escapes with Eléna. The train plows Armand into the block, killing him and causing the nitroglycerin to detonate, destroying the train. With Zorro as an official witness, the governor later signs the bill, and California becomes the 31st state of the United States of America. Later, Felipe remarries Alejandro and Eléna with Joaquin as the only witness. Alejandro apologizes to his son for not telling him the truth, and he admits that Zorro's identity is a family secret rather than just his own. Eléna then allows Alejandro to continue being Zorro, accepting that it is who he is, and Zorro rides off on Toronado to his next mission."] ["At the instigation of his half brother Lionel , Oliver Tressilian , a wealthy baronet, is shanghaied and blamed for the death of Peter Godolphin , brother of Oliver's fiancée, whom Lionel actually has slain. At sea Oliver is captured by Spaniards and made a galley slave, but when he escapes to the Moors he becomes Sakr-el-Bahr, the scourge of Christendom. Learning of Rosamund's  impending marriage to his half brother, he kidnaps both of them, but to avoid the risk of giving her to Asad-ed-Din , the Basha of Algiers, he surrenders to a British ship. Rosamund intercedes to save his life, and following the death of Lionel they are married."] ["In its view on history, evil King John resumes his old ways after the death of Richard the Lionheart with the plan to keep his power by importing Continental mercenaries and paying them through oppressive taxation. King John first attempts to kill the son of his old nemesis Robin. His henchmen fix a faulty protective cap to the lance of a Flemish Knight who challenges Robin in a joust. When Robin survives the lance attack he challenges his opponent to a joust without protective devices, impaling the Flemish Knight. Having returned from the Crusades, Robin and Little John re-recruit the aging Merrie Men who wage a guerilla type war throughout the realm with intelligence provided by Lady Marianne's carrier pigeons. The film concludes with Robin and the Archbishop of Canterbury compelling the defeated King John to seal the Magna Carta.p.56 Fraser, George MacDonald The Hollywood History of the World Penguin Book group, 1988"] ["Captain Jim Knight, and his crew Roxy, Tula and a chimp named Salty sail the South Seas in search of adventure. They discover a criminal gang has taken over a small island forcing the native pearl divers to dive beyond safe limits. After capturing the three man gang, Knight takes them to Tahiti for trial where the men escape and force Knight to sail them to New Zealand. Knight subdues them again but this time a minor French magistrate is sent to the island to try them there. The magistrate joins the criminals when a native boy locates the wreck of a lost ship containing a Burmese King's treasure."] ["In 1792 during the Reign of Terror of the French Revolution, a mysterious English nobleman known only as The Scarlet Pimpernel  snatches French aristocrats from the jaws of the guillotine while posing as the wealthy but foppish and seemingly empty-headed Sir Percival Blakeney. After rescuing the Count de Beaulieu and his family, Percy becomes introduced to the beautiful French actress Marguerite St. Just through her brother, Armand, whom he rescued from an attack. Marguerite however is in a relationship with Paul Chauvelin, an agent of Maximilien Robespierre. Due to the Scarlet Pimpernel's past successes, Chauvelin is assigned to discover his identity and capture him. Percy and his associates smuggle another aristocrat out of the city while picnicking with Marguerite. Meanwhile, Chauvelin deduces that the Scarlet Pimpernel must be an English nobleman, and tries to coerce the Count de Tournay to spy on the English court for the Republic. Later, Marguerite and Chauvelin have an argument over the executions and and he angrily departs. Percy reveals his identity to Armand and convinces him to use his connections to Chauvelin to investigate the French prison holding the Dauphin, son of the former King of France. The Scarlet Pimpernel and his associates rescue de Tournay's family. Percy marries Marguerite, but soon discovers that she seemingly signed the death warrant of the Marquis de St. Cyr and his family, the man responsible for the previous attack on Armand. Believing that she was seeking revenge and is still in league with Chauvelin, Percy becomes distrustful of his new wife. Unaware that he thinks she signed the death warrant, Marguerite unhappily notices his rising disdain for her. Armand advises Percy to tell Marguerite about his suspicions so that she may defend herself; Percy refuses, but still notes that he will love her until the day he dies. Chauvelin discovers that Armand is in league with the Scarlet Pimpernel, and summons him back to Paris. Blackmailing Marguerite into saving her brother's life, Chauvelin coerces her into discovering the vigilante's identity. After finding that the Scarlet Pimpernel is to rendezvous at midnight, Marguerite tells Chauvelin. However, she immediately warns the Scarlet Pimpernel  and adds that Chauvelin betrayed her trust and faked her signature. Having been thwarted from encountering them, Chauvelin angrily leaves for Paris. Percy and his associates also depart for France to save Armand and the Dauphin. Marguerite notices that Percy's family crest bears a scarlet pimpernel, and quickly deduces his identity. After Armand arranges the firing of the gaolers in charge of the Dauphin's care, Percy and his associates use the removal of their belongings to smuggle the Dauphin out of the city. The boy is taken to a castle on the French coast, while Percy is captured while trying to save Armand. Marguerite visits her husband in prison, where he tells her to arrange for the Baron de Batz  to smuggle the boy out of France the following night. At the same time, Percy agrees to personally bring Chauvelin to the Dauphin. Chauvelin and Percy  arrive at the castle, but the Dauphin has already been removed. An upset Chauvelin orders Percy's execution, but the league of the Scarlet Pimpernel allows for his rescue. Percy returns to duel with Chauvelin, and is victorious. Percy decides to leave Chauvelin's fate to Robespierre. Impersonating Chauvelin to ensure their escape, Armand departs from the castle along with the French troops that Chauvelin had stationed there. Percy and Marguerite sail away, happily in love."] ['{{Anchor}} It is 1199 and Robin Longstride  is a common archer in Richard the Lionheart\'s  army. A veteran of the Third Crusade and Richard\'s war against Phillip II of France, he now takes part in the siege against Chalus Castle. Disillusioned and war-weary, he believes the King when he invites him to give an honest view of the war and the King\'s conduct. After Robin gives a frank but unflattering appraisal, Richard breaks his promise and has Robin and comrades taken prisoner to be judged after ending the siege. The betrayed men decide to free themselves and desert. Following Richard\'s death, Robin and two other common archers, Allan A\'Dayle , Will Scarlett , as well as soldier Little John , attempt to secretly return to their homeland after fighting abroad for the past 10 years. Along the way they come across an ambush of the Royal guard by Sir Godfrey , an English knight collaborating with the French. Philip II had ordered Sir Godfrey to assassinate Richard. Having discovered the King is already slain, Sir Godfrey is chased off by the arrival of Robin and his companions. Aiming to return to England safely and richer in pocket than when they left it, Robin and his men steal the armour of the slain knights and, under the guise of noblemen, head for the English ships on the coast. Before leaving the scene of slaughter, Robin promises one of the dying knights, Robert Loxley , to return a sword to the knight\'s father in Nottingham. Upon arriving in England, Robin  is brought to London and chosen to inform the Royal family of the King\'s death. He witnesses the coronation of King John , the younger brother of Richard. John orders harsh taxes to be collected, sending Sir Godfrey off to the North to do so. He has no idea that Godfrey is a French agent who, using French troops, will use this Royal Decree to stir up enough unrest to cause civil war in England. Robin and his companions head to Nottingham, where Loxley\'s elderly, blind father Sir Walter  asks him to continue impersonating his son, in order to prevent the family lands being taken by the crown. Loxley\'s widow, Lady Marian , is initially distrustful of Robin, but soon warms to him when he recovers taxed grain for the townsfolk to plant. Meanwhile, Godfrey\'s actions have stirred up the northern barons, who march to meet King John and demand the signing of a charter of rights. Having realized Godfrey\'s deception, and knowing he must reunite his people in order to meet an imminent French invasion, the King agrees. A battle follows in which Robin and the northern barons attack Godfrey\'s men while the latter are ransacking Nottingham—but not before Godfrey has slain the blind Sir Walter. The film climaxes with a French invasion on England\'s Cliffs of Dover, opposed by an English army. In the midst of the chaos, Marian attempts to kill Godfrey but he gains the upper hand over her and prepares to kill her. However, Robin intervenes and duels Godfrey himself. The English are victorious and Godfrey attempts to flee on horseback, but Robin shoots an arrow, from long distance, which pierces straight through Godfrey\'s neck. When King John sees the French surrendering to Robin rather than to himself, he senses a major threat to his power. Therefore, in the final scenes, King John not only reneges on his promise to sign the Charter of the Forest, but also declares Robin to be an outlaw. In response to this, Robin moves to Sherwood Forest with Lady Marian and his friends to form what will become the Merry Men of Sherwood Forest. "So," as the concluding scroll says, "the legend begins."'] ['Ahmed  robs as he pleases in the city of Bagdad. Wandering into a mosque, he tells the holy man ([[Charles Belcher  he disdains his religion; his philosophy is, "What I want, I take." That night, he sneaks into the palace of the caliph  using a magic rope he stole during ritual prayers. All thoughts of plunder are forgotten when he sees the sleeping princess , the caliph\'s daughter. The princess\'s Mongol slave  discovers him and alerts the guards, but he gets away. When his associate  reminds the disconsolate Ahmed that a bygone thief once stole another princess during the reign of Haroun al-Rashid, Ahmed sets out to do the same. The next day is the princess\'s birthday. Three princes arrive, seeking her hand in marriage . Another of the princess\'s slaves foretells that she will marry he who first touches a rose-tree in her garden. The princess watches anxiously as first the glowering Prince of the Indies , then the obese Prince of Persia , and finally the Prince of the Mongols  pass by the rose-tree. The mere sight of the Mongol fills the princess with fear, but when Ahmed appears , she is delighted. The Mongol slave tells her countryman of the prophesy, but before he can touch the rose-tree, Ahmed\'s startled horse tosses its rider into it. That night, following ancient custom, the princess chooses Ahmed for her husband. Out of love, Ahmed gives up his plan to abduct her and confesses all to her in private. The Mongol prince learns from his spy, the princess\'s Mongol slave, that Ahmed is a common thief and informs the caliph. Ahmed is lashed mercilessly, and the caliph orders he be torn apart by a giant ape, but the princess has the guards bribed to let him go. When the caliph insists she select another husband, her loyal slave advises her to delay. She asks that the princes each bring her a gift after "seven moons"; she will marry the one who brings her the rarest. In despair, Ahmed turns to the holy man. He tells the thief to become a prince, revealing to him the peril-fraught path to a great treasure. The Prince of the Indies obtains a magic crystal ball from the eye of a giant idol, which shows whatever he wants to see, while the Persian prince buys a flying carpet. The Mongol prince leaves behind his henchman, telling him to organize the soldiers he will send to Bagdad disguised as porters.  After he lays his hands on a magic apple which has the power to cure anything, even death, he sends word to the Mongol slave to poison the princess. After many adventures, Ahmed gains a cloak of invisibility and a small chest of magic powder which turns into whatever he wishes when he sprinkles it. He races back to the city. The three princes meet as agreed at a caravansary before returning to Bagdad. The Mongol asks the Indian to check whether the princess has waited for them. They discover that she is near death, and ride the flying carpet to reach her. Then the Mongol uses the apple to cure her. The suitors argue over which gift is rarest, but the princess points out that without any one gift, the remaining two would have been useless in saving her life. Her loyal slave shows her Ahmed in the crystal ball, so the princess convinces her father to deliberate carefully on his future son-in-law. The Mongol prince chooses not to wait, unleashing his secret army that night and capturing Bagdad. Ahmed arrives at the city gate, shut and manned by Mongols. When he conjures up a large army with his powder, the Mongol soldiers flee. The Mongol prince is about to have one of his men kill him when the Mongol slave suggests he escape with the princess on the flying carpet. Ahmed liberates the city and rescues the princess, using his cloak of invisibility to get through the Mongols guarding their prince. In gratitude, the caliph gives his daughter to him in marriage.'] ['In Zorro\'s Black Whip the word Zorro never occurs, but a female who behaves like Don Diego in Idaho fights a cabal of corrupt politicians as "The Black Whip" after her brother  is killed. Hammond, owner of the town\'s stagecoach line and a leading citizen, is secretly opposed to Idaho becoming a state, and conducts raids against citizens and settlers alike to prevent order. Randolph Meredith, owner of the town\'s newspaper, as the Black Whip, opposes this scheme, but one day he is killed after preventing yet another coup. Meredith\'s sister Barbara, expert with a bullwhip and pistol, dons Randolph\'s black costume and mask and becomes "The Black Whip" in her brother\'s place, dealing a blow to Hammond and his gang each time they perform some heinous act in their efforts to keep the town, and their power over it, unchanged. Aided by US government agent Vic Gordon, Barbara confronts Hammond in a final showdown just as the town votes on whether or not to accept statehood. Linda Stirling as The Black Whip is quite obviously female but, even after a bout of wrestling, the villains do not realise they aren\'t fighting a man. Some reference is made to this in the script, however, when the villains are trying to determine who the Black Whip\'s secret identity could be: {{quote}} The day is saved when Vic Gordon discovers Barbara\'s secret and removes her from suspicion by appearing in her costume. From this point on he, despite relinquishing the costume, tends to assume the hero role while Barbara becomes slightly more of a traditional damsel in distress.'] ["In Corsica, the entire Franchi clan gather in anticipation of the birth of the child of Count and Countess Franchi . Dr. Enrico Paoli  informs the count that his wife has given birth to Siamese twins. Count Franchi insists he try to separate them surgically, even after Paoli tells him that it would be a miracle if the babies survived. Before he can begin, however, the Franchis' bitter rivals the Colonnas launch a surprise attack, led by Baron Colonna . All of the Franchis are killed except the babies, who are carried to safety by Paoli and faithful family retainer Lorenzo . Later, Paoli successfully separates the boys, but wonders if he has done the right thing. Since Colonna has found out that twins were born, Paoli agrees to let Count Franchi's good friends, Monsieur and Madame Dupre , take Mario Franchi to Paris raise as their own son, while Lorenzo hides in the hills with Lucien Franchi. Twenty years pass. Lucien, now a bandit leader in Corsica, has a strange bond with his brother. More and more frequently, Lucien experiences what Mario does, though he has not been told about his twin. Lorenzo dismisses it as just dreams. At a Paris theatre, Mario saves Countess Isabelle Gravini  from being annoyed by a marquis. When Mario is stabbed in the back by the marquis after a duel, Lucien also feels the pain. Finally, when the twins are twenty-one years old, Paoli reunites them. They both swear to avenge their parents by killing Colonna, now the tyrannical ruler of Corsica. In addition, Lucien confirms that what he experienced actually occurred to Mario. They begin slaying Colonna's relatives, one by one, pretending to be the same person, leaving Colonna wondering how the bandit chief could be in two widely separated places in such a short time. Meanwhile, Colonna decides to marry Isabelle. When her father ([[Pedro de Cordoba  refuses to consider the union, he is poisoned. Mario tells Isabelle of Colonna's intentions and hand in her father's death; she flees with Mario to the bandit camp. There they fall in love. A confused Lucien consults Dr. Paoli, unsure whether his own love for Isabelle is real or just a reflection of his brother's feelings. When Paoli is unable to answer, Lucien decides he must kill Mario in order to be truly free to live his own life. After Lucien confesses his love to Isabelle and embraces her against her will, Mario finds out and confronts him. Lucien tries to kill his hated brother; Lorenzo breaks up the knife fight. Unaware of this development, Isabelle decides to return to Paris to avoid creating a rift between the brothers. On the way, however, she is spotted and taken to Colonna. Colonna's trusted adviser, Tomasso ([[John Emery , finally figures out that the Franchi twins are behind everything. They set a trap, using Isabelle as the bait. When Lucien refuses to risk his men, Mario pretends to be a French jeweler to try to rescue Isabelle. Maria , Colonna's mistress, helps him, but he is recognized and captured. He is whipped to try to extract Lucien's hiding place. Colonna forces Paoli to attend. When Mario faints, Paoli administers a drug that makes it appear as if Mario has died. Later, he manages to revive the young man. Lucien, no longer sensing his bond to Mario, believes his brother is dead. He takes his band to deal with Colonna. He catches Colonna unarmed, but is fatally shot in the back by Tomasso. He manages to kill Tomasso before collapsing. Then Mario appears. In a sword fight, the last Franchi slays the last Colonna. Before Lucien dies, he reconciles with his brother."] ['Englishman Rudolf Rassendyll  decides to pass the time by attending the coronation of his distant relation, King Rudolf V of Ruritania  . He encounters an acquaintance on the train there, Antoinette de Mauban , the mistress of the king\'s treacherous brother, Grand Duke \'Black\' Michael . The day before the coronation, Rassendyll is seen by Colonel Sapt  and Captain Fritz von Tarlenheim . Astounded by the uncanny resemblance between Rassendyll and their liege, they take him to meet Rudolf at a hunting lodge. The king is delighted with his double and invites him to dinner. During the meal, a servant brings in a fine bottle of wine, a present from Michael delivered by his henchman, Rupert of Hentzau . After Rudolf tastes it, he finds it so irresistible that he drinks the entire bottle by himself. The next morning, Sapt is unable to rouse him; the wine was drugged. Sapt is afraid that if the coronation is postponed, Michael will seize the throne. The country is dangerously divided between supporters of Rudolf and those of Michael. The colonel declares that it is Fate that brought Rassendyll to Ruritania; he can take Rudolf\'s place with no one the wiser. The Englishman is less certain, but he tosses a coin, which lands in Rudolf\'s favor, and Rassendyll goes through with the ceremony. Afterwards, he is driven to the palace in the company of the universally adored Princess Flavia . Later, when Rassendyll returns to the lodge to switch places with the king once more, he and Sapt find only the corpse of Josef , the servant left to guard the king. Rassendyll is forced to continue the masquerade. With Rudolf guarded by a handful of trusted retainers at Zenda Castle, Michael tries unsuccessfully to bribe Rassendyll into leaving. In the days that follow, Rasssendyll becomes acquainted with Flavia, and the two fall in love. Meanwhile, Rupert tries to alienate Antoinette from Michael by telling her that Michael will marry Flavia once Rudolf is out of the way. However, it has an unintended effect; Antionette reveals Michael\'s plans and Rudolf\'s location to von Tarlenheim. A dwarf assassin  in Michael\'s pay tries to garrot Rassendyll, but Sapt interrupts him before he can finish the job. The would-be killer mistakenly signals to an anxiously waiting Michael that the deed is done, and the duke hastens to Zenda to quietly dispose of the real king. However, Rassendyll was only rendered unconscious. When von Tarlenheim arrives with his news, the three men chase after Michael. Sapt and von Tarlenheim split up to find a way into the castle, but when Antoinette lowers the drawbridge, Rassendyll goes inside alone. Though outnumbered, he manages to kill Michael in a swordfight. Then Sapt and von Tarlenheim come to his aid. When Rupert is cornered by the three men, he chooses a watery death over a waterfall rather than execution for treason. In the aftermath, Rudolf resumes his rightful position, while Rassendyll hides out at the lodge. By chance, Flavia stops there to speak with Colonel Sapt. Despite Sapt\'s attempt to shield the princess from heartbreak, a servant girl blurts out that the "king" is staying at the lodge. Rassendyll is forced to tell his beloved the bitter truth. When he tries to persuade her to leave with him, her sense of honour and duty to her country force her to stay, and Rassendyll departs alone.'] ['Richard the Lionheart , King of England, vanishes while returning from the Crusades. One of his knights, the Saxon Wilfred of Ivanhoe ([[Robert Taylor , searches tirelessly for him, finally finding him being held for ransom by Leopold of Austria for the enormous sum of 150,000 marks of silver. Richard’s treacherous brother, Prince John , knows about it, but enjoys ruling in his absence. Ivanhoe returns to England, to the house of his estranged father, Cedric , to be reunited with his love and Cedric’s ward, the Lady Rowena , and to beg his father’s help in raising the ransom. Cedric refuses to help a Norman king and orders his son to leave. Wamba , Cedric’s court jester, begs to go with Ivanhoe and is made his squire. Two separate parties of travellers arrive and are granted Cedric’s hospitality: a Jew, Isaac of York , and Norman knights Sir Brian de Bois-Guilbert  and Sir Hugh de Bracy ([[Robert Douglas , and their entourage. That night, two of the Normans try to rob Isaac, but are foiled by Ivanhoe. Not feeling safe, Isaac decides to return to his home in Sheffield; Ivanhoe offers to escort him there. When they reach Isaac’s home, Ivanhoe secures his help raising the ransom in return for better treatment for the Jews once Richard returns. Rebecca , Isaac’s daughter, visits Ivanhoe secretly in the night to reward him for rescuing her father; she gives him jewels to purchase arms and a horse for an important upcoming joust. She falls in love with him, despite the great social gulf between them. Nearly everyone of note is at the tournament, including Prince John. Norman knights loyal to him defeat all comers. Just when it seems that they are victorious, a mysterious new Saxon knight appears, arrayed all in black, with white trim,  his face hidden behind his visor. He does not give his name, but challenges all five Norman champions. He easily defeats the first three, Malvoisin, Ralph, and Front de Boeuf , one after the other, and also wins the fourth bout against de Bracy, but is seriously wounded in the shoulder. He is soon identified by many as Ivanhoe. When Ivanhoe salutes Rebecca after his first victory, Bois-Guilbert is immediately smitten by her beauty. In the last joust against Bois-Guilbert, the weakened Ivanhoe falls from his horse. He is carried off, to be tended to by Rebecca. Fearing Prince John’s wrath, the Saxons depart; Ivanhoe is taken to the woods under the protection of Robin Hood . The rest make for the city of York, but are captured and taken to the castle of Front de Boeuf. When Ivanhoe hears the news, he gives himself up, in exchange for his father’s freedom. However, the Normans go back on their word and keep them both. Robin Hood’s men then storm the castle, freeing most of the captives. In the fighting, de Boeuf drives Wamba to his death in a burning part of the castle and is slain in turn by Ivanhoe. Bois-Guilbert alone escapes, by using Rebecca as a shield, while de Bracy is defeated and captured by Ivanhoe after attempting to do the same with Rowena. Meanwhile, the enormous ransom is finally collected, but the Jews face a cruel choice: free either Richard or Rebecca, for Prince John has set the price of her life at 100,000 marks, the Jews’ contribution. Isaac chooses Richard. Ivanhoe entrusts the ransom delivery to Cedric, but promises Isaac that he will rescue Rebecca. John has her condemned to be burned at the stake as a witch, but Ivanhoe appears and challenges the verdict, invoking the right to “wager of battle,” which cannot be denied. Prince John chooses the conflicted Bois-Guilbert as his champion. The Norman makes a last desperate plea to Rebecca: in return for her love, he is willing to forfeit the duel, though he would be forever disgraced as a knight. She refuses, saying “We are all in God’s hands, sir knight.” In the battle to the death, Ivanhoe’s axe prevails over Bois-Guilbert’s mace and chain. As he lies dying, Bois-Guilbert reaffirms to Rebecca that he is the one who loves her, not Ivanhoe. Rebecca accepts that Ivanhoe’s heart has always belonged to Rowena, and Richard and his knights  return to reclaim his throne from his usurping brother.'] ['The film begins with a narrator telling us that Cromwell\'s tyranny is coming to an end, when we see several men approaching on horseback. We learn that King Charles II and several of his Cavaliers have been on an exploratory tour in England, checking to see if the populace is ready to back his return. At the moment he is being hounded by a troop of Roundheads. King Charles stops to bid one of his supporters, a Royalist Lord Lucius Vyne  who he gives one of his favorite rings, telling Lucius to send it if he ever needs his help. Taking the ring Lucius borrows the King\'s distinctive plumed hat and leads the King\'s pursuers away, allowing Charles and Lucius\' cousin, Lord Richard Vyne to reach a waiting boat bound for France. Lucius manages to loose the Roundheads in a cavernous entrance of a quarried chalk cliff face. In the next scene Lady Panthea Vyne  is tricked into marriage by a lecherous older tax collector Drysdale who had been seeking her hand in marriage. He promises to intercede and save her brother Lord Richard who, he tells her, is about to be executed. Drysdale tells her he can save her brother if she agrees to marry him. Leaving the church she and her new husband, no sooner reach their waiting coach that he attempts to unbutton her dress. Her small Cavalier King Charles Spaniel barks at Drysdale, who throws it to the floor of the coach and stomps it to death. Just then a gun ball blows a chunk of wood from the coach besides Drysdale\'s head. The mysterious masked highwayman known as Silver Blade"  puts a stop to Drysdale\'s advances and helps our heroine to bury her dog. She tells Silver Blade of her plight; he whispers that Drysdale has lied, telling her that her brother is already dead. "Silver Blade" then duels with Drysdale, who Panthea warns Silver Blade is the best swordsman in England. Silver Blades soon runs him through and then takes Panthea home. The event will come back to haunt them both. Next her aunt, Lady Emma Darlington  talks her into coming to live with her as Panthea is all alone now that her father and brother are dead, nevermind her dead husband. At a royal reception we learn that Aunt Emma was the King\'s \'second\' mother. The King invites Panthea to be a lady of the queen\'s bed chamber. With Panthea attracting all of the males\' admiring glances plus her now becoming part of the new queen\'s court, the King\'s mistress Lady Castlemaine  is livid. About then Panthea asks her Aunt who is \'that\' Lady pointing to Lady Castlemaine. Her aunt tells her to look away. Next Lady Castlemaine\'s guest Rudolph, introduces himself, reminding Panthea and her aunt that he is Panthea\'s cousin on her distaff side. He then introduces Lady Castlemaine, when suddenly Lady Darlington grabs Panthea and abruptly turns her back and walks away. Lady Castlemaine is fit to be tied and swears to take revenge at the slight. Cousin Rudolph plots to inherit the title as Duke of Manston Hall, Panthea\'s home and Lucius\' hiding place as well. Lucius instead of claiming his royal title, is in true Robin Hood fashion, working against the King\'s secret enemies. Panthea who has been in love with Silver Blade since the day he saved her, learns he is in grave danger and is about to be captured in a trap set for that night. She rides to warn him and saves the day after declaring her love for him. However, soon after the King leaves for France, she falls victim to the schemes of Lady Castlemaine who is after her head. Meanwhile Lady Castlemaine learns of the coach incident and pays the coachman, now a sergeant in the Kings Guards to accuse Panthea of murder. She sets her trap and soon Panthea is fighting for her life in court. After she is condemned to death Lucius attempts her rescue and ends up arrested as well. Hepasses the King\'s ring to Panthea\'s maid, telling her to take it to the King, but Rudolph sees the sparkling ring and takes it from Lucius. On the morning of his execution Lucius tricks his jailer and he and his men fight their way out of their jail and rides to the Tower of London to Panthea\'s rescue. As the hulking Axman is in mid swing, an arrow from Lucius, strikes his shoulder causing his blow to miss Panthea\'s head, but Lucius and Phanthea are surrounded; escape is seemingly immposible, but meanwhile in an amazing Deus Ex Machina, the plodding Rudolph, who can\'t wait till he is sure Lucius is dead, barges in before the King and demands to be declared the Duke of Manston Hall. The King who has seemingly forgotten his friend spys the ring and soon shows up at the tower, just in time to save the day. Lucius and Panthea are married and all ends well.'] ["In 1465, honorable but penniless Scottish knight Quentin Durward  agrees to go to France to find out if the beautiful young heiress, Isabelle, Countess of Marcroy , would be a suitable wife for his aged uncle . The marriage has been arranged by Charles, Duke of Burgundy  for his ward to cement an alliance with Scotland, but she wants nothing to do with it, so she runs away and seeks the protection of Charles' great rival, Louis XI , the King of France. Quentin pursues and manages to foil an attempted robbery by brigands under the command of Count William de La Marck , though Isabelle continues on her way unaware of her protector's identity. Nearing the court of King Louis, Quentin tries, but fails, to save the life of a gypsy. However, the dead man's brother, Hayraddin ([[George Cole , is grateful for his efforts. Louis, who had ordered the man's hanging as a Burgundian spy, and distrusts such honest men as Quentin, orders him to leave France. However, the Scotsman is not easily deterred. He sneaks into the heavily guarded castle and awakens the king in his bed with a dagger at his throat. Louis is impressed and enlists Quentin in his service. Upon the unexpected arrival of Count Phillip de Creville , a Burgundian ambassador seeking Isabelle, Louis orders Quentin to guard her and to keep her presence secret. During the time they spend together, she and Quentin begin to fall in love. Having lied about Isabelle being there, Louis commands her to depart. She tells him that she will seek sanctuary with an old friend, the Bishop of Liege . Louis concocts a plan to have De la Marck kidnap and forcibly marry Isabelle to keep her strategically important lands out of Burgundian hands. He has Hayraddin, who is a spy in his employ, take the information and a large bribe to De la Marck. Louis provides Isabelle with a detailed itinerary . He also lends her a few guards, including Quentin, so that when they are killed, it will divert any suspicion away from him. Hayraddin is also sent as a guide. However, when he discovers that Quentin is to be one of the victims, he switches sides and warns the Scotsman. The three manage to escape the trap and reach Liège, though Quentin is wounded. When he has recovered, he finally tells Isabelle of his obligation to his uncle, which prevents him from courting her himself, and leaves. De la Marck attacks the castle, captures Isabelle, and kills the bishop when he refuses to marry them. Hearing the sounds of battle, Quentin rescues his love. He slays De la Marck in an unusual duel involving swinging from ropes normally used to ring the church bells. Meanwhile, the Duke of Burgundy arrests Louis when he comes to continue peace negotiations, accusing him of orchestrating the murder of the bishop. However, Quentin arrives and exonerates the king, providing as proof De la Marck's severed head. Out of gratitude , Louis tricks Charles into letting Isabelle decide who she will marry. Quentin has received news that his uncle has died, so he is free to follow his heart."] ['The 1939 adaptation alters history significantly by making Fouquet  a thoroughly evil, scheming mastermind. He, Colbert , d\'Artagnan  and the musketeers are the only ones who know of the existence of a twin brother, and Fouquet uses his influence to keep everyone silent. The main story was changed by portraying Louis XIV as selfish, cruel, and incompetent, and Philippe the kind-hearted brother who is raised by d\'Artagnan and the musketeers and does not even know that he has an identical twin. When the truth is discovered, Louis XIV has Philippe imprisoned with an iron mask placed on his head, hoping that Philippe\'s beard will grow inside the mask and eventually strangle him. Philippe is rescued by the musketeers, who break into the sleeping Louis\'s chamber and imprison him in the mask. The guards drag off Louis and lock him in the Bastille, mistaking him for the escaped Philippe. When Louis manages to get a message to Fouquet, he is freed, and a chase by coach ensues to stop Philippe from cementing an alliance with Spain by marrying Princess Maria Theresa , whom he loves, and taking Louis\' place on the throne. The coach is waylaid by the musketeers, who all die heroically, but Fouquet and the real Louis XIV are also killed when the driverless coach plunges off a cliff. The mortally wounded d\'Artagnan survives long enough to exclaim "God Save the King!" at Philippe\'s wedding, and then falls dead in the throne room. Philippe finally assumes the throne.'] ['It is a story that takes place in Jamaica in 1718 about a band of buccaneer pirates, led by Captain “Red” Ned Lynch, pitted against a greedy overlord, evil Lord Durant. Durant has ruthlessly imprisoned his Lord High Justice and mercilessly evicted his wife and daughter Jane Barnet who eventually attempts a rescue with Lynch’s help. The film stars Robert Shaw as Lynch, Peter Boyle as Durant, Geneviève Bujold as Barnet as well as James Earl Jones, Beau Bridges, Geoffrey Holder, Anjelica Huston and Avery Schreiber.'] ['Jolly Roger comes back from the dead and kills descendants of his crew who mutinied against him 300 years earlier.'] [' The Mark of Zorro tells the story of Don Diego Vega, the outwardly foppish son of a wealthy ranchero Don Alejandro in the old Spanish California of the early 19th century. Seeing the mistreatment of the peons by rich landowners and the oppressive colonial government, Don Diego, who is not as effete as he pretends, has taken the identity of the masked Robin Hood-like rogue Señor Zorro , champion of the people, who appears out of nowhere to protect them from the corrupt administration of Governor Alvarado, his henchman the villainous Captain Juan Ramon and the brutish Sergeant Pedro Gonzales . With his sword flashing and an athletic sense of humor, Zorro scars the faces of evildoers with his mark, "Z." When not in the disguise of Zorro, dueling and rescuing peons, Don Diego courts the beautiful Lolita Pulido with bad magic tricks and worse manners and she cannot stand him. Lolita is also courted by Captain Ramon; and by the dashing Zorro, whom she likes. In the end, when Lolita\'s family is jailed, Don Diego throws off his masquerade, whips out his sword, wins over the soldiers to his side, forces Governor Alvarado to abdicate, and wins the hand of Lolita, who is delighted to discover that her effeminate fiancé, Diego, is actually the dashing hero.'] ['The film begins with Captain Red  stranded aboard a raft at sea with his first mate, Frog , both of whom are presumably close to death from dehydration. After Red, cracking under the starvation, tries to kill and eat Frog, the duo is picked up by a Spanish Galleon and are forced into slavery before instigating a shipwide mutiny with the other prisoners and taking control of the vessel. Frog falls in love with María-Dolores de la Jenya de la Calde , the niece of the governor of a Spanish colony. Red covets the golden throne that the Spanish have taken from an Aztec king. Large amounts of explosions and gunfights occur as they recruit a crew of cutthroats to win over the gold  throughout the remainder of the film. Ironically, the film ends in a Pyrrhic victory for the heroes, with Captain Red and Frog again stranded on a raft, Red sitting on the golden throne urging Frog to eat and "fatten up" .'] ['Young Jim Hawkins  and his mother run the Admiral Benbow, a tavern near Bristol, England. One dark and stormy night, during a birthday celebration, the mysterious Billy Bones  arrives and drunkenly talks about treasure. Soon after, Bones is visited by Black Dog then Pew, and drops dead, leaving a chest, which he bragged contained gold and jewels. Instead of money, Jim finds a map that his friend Dr. Livesey  realizes will lead them to the famous Flint treasure. Squire Trelawney  raises money for a voyage to the treasure island and they set sail on Captain Alexander Smollett\'s  ship Hispaniola. Also on board is the one-legged Long John Silver  and his cronies. Even though Bones had warned Jim about a sailor with one leg, they become friends. During the voyage, several fatal "accidents" happen to sailors who disapprove of Silver and his cohorts. Then, the night before landing on the island, Jim overhears Silver plotting to take the treasure and kill Smollett\'s men. Jim goes ashore with the men, and encounters an old hermit named Ben Gunn , who tells him that he has found Flint\'s treasure. Meanwhile, Smollett and his loyal men flee to Flint\'s stockade on the island for safety. Silver\'s men then attack the stockade when Smollett refuses to give them the treasure map. While the situation looks hopeless, Jim secretly goes back to the Hispaniola at night, sails it to a safe location and shoots one of the pirates in self-defense. When he returns to the stockade, Silver\'s men are there and Silver tells them that a treaty has been signed. The pirates want to kill Jim, but Silver protects him. Dr. Livesey comes for Jim, but the boy refuses to break his word to Silver not to run away. The next day the pirates search for the treasure hold and when they find it, it is empty. When some of the pirates mutiny against Silver, Livesey and Gunn join him in the fight. Smollett then sails home with the treasure, which Gunn had hidden in his cave, and with Silver as his prisoner. Unable to stand by and let his friend be hanged, Jim frees Silver. As he sails away, Silver promises to hunt treasure with Jim again some day, as Honest John Silver.'] ["Robert Roy MacGregor  is a cattle drover and the leader of a clan in 18th century Scotland. He seeks and receives a loan of £1000 from the Marquis of Montrose . One of the Marquis's henchmen, Archibald Cunningham , learns about the loan from Montrose's factor, Killearn ([[Brian Cox . Cunningham kills MacGregor's best friend MacDonald  and steals the money. Unable to pay his loan, MacGregor is forced to become an outlaw when he refuses to bear false witness for Montrose against the Duke of Argyll . He is hunted by Cunningham, who rapes MacGregor's wife Mary  to provoke him. Cunningham ultimately captures MacGregor after killing his brother. However when Cunningham presents him to Montrose, MacGregor escapes. Meanwhile, Mary tells the Duke of Argyll that MacGregor fled Montrose because of his refusal to bear false witness against him. Meanwhile, Macgregor persuades Argyll to propose to Montrose a duel between him and Cunningham, leading to a climactic sword duel to the death.{{cite web}}"] ['The film opens in a villa in Madrid, Spain, where Diego, the archetypical Spanish Don Juan, is in bed with a beautiful woman – who, we learn shortly, is not his wife, but someone else\'s. The couple are caught by her husband, Garcia, who "is not in Barcelona", as they previously thought. Diego, with considerable panache, fights Garcia and his five brothers with swords. During the fight, Diego\'s mute servant Paco  reads a letter  from Diego\'s father requesting that Diego return to California. Diego and Paco escape by jumping from a high wall directly into a waiting carriage. Diego and Paco arrive in Los Angeles, where they are met by Diego\'s childhood friend Esteban , who has become Capitán of the local guard. We also learn that Esteban has married Florinda , for whom the men competed when they were boys. Esteban delivers the sad news that Diego\'s father was killed in a riding accident, when his horse was frightened by a turtle. Esteban is acting Alcalde in the senior de la Vega\'s stead until a new one can be chosen by the Dons  of the area. At the meeting of the Dons, each introduces himself and where he resides. Each Don\'s surname is that of a well-known city in California, but none of the surnames and place names match, with amusing results: * Don Diego from San Fernando * Don Francisco from San Jose * Don Fernando from San Diego * Don Jose from San Bernardino * Don Luis Obispo from Bakersfield, who wears an ascot Esteban is elected Alcalde via an obviously fixed election, and gives his inaugural speech to the assembled peasants in the village plaza. He is interrupted mid-speech by Charlotte Taylor-Wilson, a wealthy political activist from Boston. She and Diego meet, and despite their political differences, there is an immediate attraction. Relaxing at the de la Vega villa, Diego receives an invitation to a masked ball to celebrate Esteban\'s election. He is also given his inheritance, which turns out to be Zorro\'s cape, hat and sword. A note from his father tells Diego the truth: his father was Zorro. Diego decides that it is the perfect costume for the ball. On the way to the ball, Diego witnesses a peasant being robbed by a criminal. Giving chase, Diego confronts and defeats the highwayman, and returns the money to the peasant, instructing him to spread the news that El Zorro has returned. At the ball, Diego  dances with Florinda while the old peasant informs the people outside that Zorro has indeed returned. At the same time, we learn that the robber was in fact Velasquez, the area\'s tax collector, who reports the theft to Alcalde Esteban – and points out Diego. A duel ensues, and Diego escapes by again jumping from a high wall, but injures his right foot in the process. Unable to walk without a noticeable limp, he hobbles away. Esteban and Velasquez plan to use the injury to track Zorro down. Later that night, a drunk Florinda attempts to seduce Diego in his bedroom, but Esteban arrives to speak about the events of the evening. Esteban begins to suspect that Diego is Zorro, but Diego is able to convince him that his foot is not injured. Esteban leaves, satisfied. A reign of terror begins, including wholesale torture and increased taxation. Diego is frustrated that, because of his injury, he cannot fulfill his destiny as Zorro. Enter Diego\'s decidedly gay twin brother Ramon, who joined the Royal Navy and adopted the pseudonym Bunny Wigglesworth. Diego brings Bunny up to date on what has been happening, and Bunny agrees to stand in as Zorro – using a whip instead of a sword, and with gaily colorful costumes. Zorro continues to elude capture, much to the anger of Esteban and the Dons. Esteban hatches a plan to lure Zorro to the Alcalde\'s residence by throwing another ball to show off Florinda\'s expensive new necklace. Seeing through the plan, Diego arrives, dressed as Zorro – and so do the rest of the Dons and male party guests, telling Esteban that a mysterious servant instructed them to dress as Zorro. Adding to the confusion, Bunny appears in drag, masquerading as \'Margarita\' Wigglesworth, Diego\'s cousin from Santa Barbara. Esteban is smitten and calls her \'Wiggy\'. Bunny succeeds in spilling a drink on Florinda, and in the resulting attempts to clean her dress, makes off with the necklace. Bunny then returns to the Royal Navy, informing Diego that Charlotte Taylor-Wilson is in love with Zorro. Diego and Charlotte confess their love for each other at the plaza, but they are seen by an operative of Esteban\'s. Esteban has her arrested and sentenced to death to again lure Zorro to capture. At the last moment, Diego surrenders to Esteban in order to save Charlotte. Zorro is immediately sentenced to death. Seconds before Diego is to be shot, Bunny returns to free his brother, and with Charlotte\'s aid they finally incite the peasants to rebellion. Esteban\'s own guards rebel as well, and at the end even Florinda turns against her husband. Esteban is defeated, and Diego and Charlotte ride off, planning their wedding.'] ["The 18th century notorious pirate Blackbeard  wreaks havoc on the high-seas looking for Captain Kidd's treasure. His dark presence causes controversy in the local port town of New Providence, especially among Gov. Charles Eden  and his adopted daughter Charlotte , who is being wooed by Lt. Robert Maynard ."] ['Mary Tudor falls in love with a new arrival to court, Charles Brandon. She convinces her brother King Henry VIII to make him his Captain of the Guard. Meanwhile, Henry is determined to marry her off to the aging King Louis XII of France as part of a peace agreement. Mary\'s longtime suitor the Duke of Buckingham takes a dislike to Charles as he is a commoner and the Duke wants Mary for himself. However, troubled by his feelings for the princess, Brandon resigns and decides to sail to the New World. Against the advice of her lady-in-waiting Lady Margaret, Mary dresses up like a boy and follows Brandon to Bristol. Henry\'s men find them and throw Brandon in the Tower of London. King Henry agrees to spare his life if Mary will marry King Louis and tells her that when Louis dies she is free to marry whoever she wants. Meanwhile, Mary asks the Duke of Buckingham for help but he only pretends to help Brandon escape from the Tower, really planning to have him killed while escaping. The Duke thinks he is drowned in the Thames, but he survives. Mary marries King Louis and encourages him to drink to excess and be active so that his already deteriorating health worsens. His heir Francis makes it clear that he will not return Mary to England after the king\'s death, but keep her for himself. When she goes to him for help, the Duke of Buckingham tells Lady Margaret that Brandon is dead and decides to go "rescue" Mary himself. Lady Margaret discovers that Brandon is alive and learning of the Duke\'s treachery they hurry back to France. Louis dies and the Duke of Buckingham arrives in France to bring Mary back to England. He tells her that Brandon is dead and tries to force her to marry him. Charles arrives in time, rescues her and kills the Duke. Mary and Brandon are married and remind Henry of his promise to let her pick her second husband. He forgives them and makes Charles Duke of Suffolk.'] ['During a war between France and the Protestant rebels of La Rochelle, Cardinal Richelieu orders Count de Rochefort to kidnap Constance de Bonancieux. The evil Milady de Winter, who wants revenge on d\'Artagnan, seduces him to keep him occupied. He soon discovers her true nature, however, and that she was once married to Athos, who had supposedly killed her after discovering what she was: a branded criminal. Athos, Porthos, and Aramis rescue Constance from her imprisonment in Saint Cloud and take her to safety in the convent of Armentieres. Milady sends d\'Artagnan poisoned wine along with a note to trick him into thinking that the other musketeers got drunk and imprisoned. As he goes to bail them out, he is attacked by Rochefort and his men. Athos, Porthos, and Aramis join the fight, at the end of which Rochefort runs away and one of his men is captured and tortured for information, revealing that Richelieu is going to the Dovecote Inn, before he drinks the poisoned wine and dies, revealing Milady\'s trap. Athos, Porthos and Aramis spies on Richelieu as the cardinal gives Milady orders to "persuade" the Duke of Buckingham not to send a relief force to aid the rebels, threatening him with exposure of the secret of his love affair with the queen, and to kill him if he does not comply. In return, Milady asks for a warrant so she can kill d\'Artagnan and Constance, and he reluctantly signs one, wording it in a way so that it does not leave any evidence against him. However, Athos takes the death warrant from de Winter and later tells d\'Artagnan of the plot. d\'Artagnan sends his servant Planchet to warn the Duke. In England, Milady asks Buckingham not to help the rebels, but he refuses, so Milady tries to assassinate him, but is captured. Buckingham has his servant Felton lock her away in the Tower of London prior to a proposed exile to America, but she seduces Felton and convinces him that Buckingham is his enemy. Felton helps her escape and return to France, and then kills Buckingham before Planchet can warn him. It is not long before La Rochelle surrenders. Now bent on killing d\'Artagnan and Constance, Rochefort and Milady, with a force of guards, occupy the convent at Armentieres, and battle the four musketeers when they arrive. While Rochefort and his men hold the musketeers at bay, Milady strangles Constance before being captured by Athos. d\'Artagnan duels Rochefort to the death and, despite Rochefort breaking his sword, spears him in the chest, killing him. Milady is sentenced to death by beheading by the four musketeers, and they hire an executioner to carry out the punishment. Right afterwards, they are arrested by the cardinal\'s guards. Richelieu charges d\'Artagnan for killing his two most valuable servants, but d\'Artagnan shows him the signed death warrant, which  fully legitimizes d\'Artagnan\'s actions. Utterly defeated and quite impressed at d\'Artagnan\'s achievement, the cardinal gives him a commission for either him or one of his three friends to become an officer. Athos, Porthos, and Aramis turn it down, so d\'Artagnan is now promoted to lieutenant of the musketeers.'] ['The sheriff of Nottingham plots to confiscate the estate of the Lord of Bortrey, a nobleman has died on Crusade. The Archbishop of Canterbury, Hubert Walter, speaks against this plot, and the sheriff plans to eliminate him. Robin Hood pretends to undertake the assassination of the Archbishop for the plotters, lead by Lord Melton . Maid Marion, meeting Hood, thinks him the leader of a gang of murderers, and leads him into a trap...'] ["A penniless ship's captain is taking a passenger ashore after their voyage. The passenger throws a gold coin in the ocean that he says has been bad luck to him as it was a gift from his ex-fiancee. The Captain sends one of his men, an experienced underwater diver to successfully retrieve it. The passenger explains that is a gold Spanish doubloon and the Captain is more than welcome to it. Going ashore, the Captain decides to have some fun by telling stories he discovered four chests full of the coins that were pirate treasure. The news spreads throughout the island that leads to kidnapping, torture, murder and an attack on the Captain's ship."] ['Zorro ([[Robert Livingston  has been captured and set for execution, charged with the murder of the new Governor  in Spanish California, as the Governor was marked with a "Z". Zorro escapes, and reveals his identity to the Governor\'s daughter, Isabella ([[Heather Angel . However, Isabella then has Don Diego arrested. He convinces Isabella that the Commandante  was the real killer, as the "Z" on the Governor was backwards. Eventually, Isabella helps free Don Diego, the Commandante is killed, and Diego and Isabella reunite.'] ["The young d'Artagnan arrives in Paris with dreams of becoming a king's musketeer. Quite unused to the city life, he makes a number of silly faux-pas. He comes into conflict with three musketeers, Athos, Porthos, and Aramis, each of whom challenges him to a duel for some insult or embarrassment. Later, D'Artagnan helps them to defend themselves from Cardinal Richelieu's guards headed by Jussac, who arrive during the duel. He is invited to join them in their efforts to oppose the Cardinal, who wishes to increase his already considerable power over the king. D'Artagnan also begins an affair with his landlord's wife, Constance Bonancieux, who is the Queen's dressmaker. Meanwhile the Duke of Buckingham, former lover of the Queen, turns up and asks for something in remembrance of her; she gives him her diamond necklace. The Cardinal learns of the incident and suggests to the none-too-bright King to throw a ball in his wife's honor, and request she wear the diamonds he gave her. The Cardinal also sends Milady de Winter to England to steal the necklace. She seduces the Duke and steals two of the necklace's diamonds. Meanwhile, the Queen has confided her troubles in Constance, who asks d'Artagnan to ride to England and get back the diamonds. D'Artagnan and the three musketeers set out, but encounter the Cardinal's men on the way. Only d'Artagnan and his man make it through to Buckingham, where they discover the loss of two of the diamond studs. The Duke replaces the two studs and d'Artagnan races back to Paris to deliver the necklace and save the Queen from embarrassment. He encounters Porthos, Athos, and Aramis on his way; they are wounded but not dead as d'Artagnan had feared. The film ends with d'Artagnan being made a musketeer for his services to the crown."] ['In 1787 prisoners are shipped from Newgate Jail on the Charlotte to found a new penal colony in Botany Bay, New South Wales. Amongst them is Hugh Tallant  an American medical student who had been wrongly imprisoned. During the journey he begins to clash with the villainous Captain Gilbert , and is soon plotting a full-scale mutiny against him.{{cite news}}'] ["After seizing a British ship, the female pirate captain Anne Providence  spares a Frenchman captured by the British, Pierre LaRochelle  from walking the plank. He agrees to join Providence's crew and soon she begins to fall for the handsome officer. They travel to an island where they meet with her piratical mentor Captain Blackbeard , who takes an instant dislike to LaRochelle although he at first holds back as he can see Anne has affection for him. Blackbeard eventually realises he has seen LaRochelle before in the French navy when a pirate was hanged. When he reveals this, LaRochelle claims he has left the French navy. Anne believes him, but when Blackbeard attacks him she defends him and sends Blackbeard and his men away, making an enemy of Blackbeard. It eventually transpires LaRochelle is working for the British as they have captured his ship, and he has a wife. He betrays Anne to the British who attack her ship. Anne escapes and takes his wife hostage. The British do not return LaRochelle's ship to him, as they did not capture Anne, so LaRochelle gets a ship of his own to go after Anne. In a battle, LaRochelle's ship is destroyed and he is captured. Anne then maroons LaRochelle and his wife on a remote island to die. She sails away, but a few days later her conscience compels her to return with provisions and a small boat. As she does so she is attacked by Blackbeard, instead of fleeing, to stop Blackbeard from finding LaRochelle she stays and fights, even though her ship is no match. Her ship is destroyed, and she is killed."] ['In 1887, Transylvanian Doctor Frankenstein  brings to life his Monster  with the aid of his assistant Igor ([[Kevin J. O\'Connor , and Count Dracula . Dracula kills Victor Frankenstein after revealing that he helped him only so he could use Frankenstein\'s monster to bring his undead children to life. Frankenstein\'s monster then escapes to a windmill, which is burned down by a pursuing mob. The mob flees as Dracula and his three brides, Verona , Aleera  and Marishka , mourn the loss of Victor and their chance to bring their children to life. One year later, the Knights of the Holy Order, stationed at the Vatican, dispatch Gabriel Van Helsing, who has amnesia, to kill Dracula. He is also tasked with preventing the last of the Valerious family from falling into purgatory; the family swore to kill Dracula nine generations ago and is unable to enter Heaven until they succeed. He is given a torn piece of paper with an insignia on it. He is joined by Carl , a friar who provides support and weapons. Arriving in Transylvania, the two meet Anna Valerious , who tells them her brother Velkan ([[Will Kemp  was recently killed by a werewolf. Van Helsing then saves her from Dracula\'s brides as they attack the village, ending with Van Helsing killing Marishka as the others escape. Anna then takes the pair back to her castle. Anna is determined to kill Dracula herself, but Van Helsing is unwilling for her to take the risk, knowing that she is the last of the Valerious family. When she resists, he gasses her to sleep and puts her in her bed. Later in the night, Anna awakens from her deep, dreamless sleep and encounters Velkan, now a werewolf himself. After Velkan flees, Van Helsing and Anna track him to Frankenstein\'s castle, only to find Dracula attempting to give life to his children using Velkan as a substitute for the Monster, but it fails after the undead children expire and explode. Anna frees Velkan but he becomes a werewolf again. Dracula confronts Van Helsing, who recognizes him from his past and realizes that Dracula is impervious to all conventional methods of killing vampires. While escaping, Van Helsing and Anna fall into a cave. There, they find Frankenstein\'s Monster alive. Though the Monster pleads to be killed so that Dracula cannot use him, Van Helsing decides to take him to Rome so he can be protected. They flee in a carriage, but while crossing the Carpathian Mountains, the brides and Velkan, who have been pursuing the group, attack. The carriage plummets down a precipice and Verona tries to save the Monster, but on opening the door reveals that it is a decoy carriage containing only stakes bundled against explosives, which kill her when the carriage hits the bottom. The genuine carriage is attacked and Van Helsing kills Velkan, but not before Van Helsing is bitten by him; when the next full moon occurs, Van Helsing will become a werewolf. Anna is then captured by Aleera and taken to Budapest. In Budapest, Van Helsing agrees to a trade and hides the Monster in a cemetery before he and Carl head off to save Anna, who is at a masked ball for vampires. At the ball, Dracula offers to release the souls of Anna\'s family in exchange for her becoming his next bride. Van Helsing and Carl manage to rescue her, but the Monster is captured and taken away on a boat. Escaping from Dracula\'s Summer Palace, Van Helsing, Anna, and Carl return to Frankenstein\'s castle, where they find all the equipment has been removed. At Anna\'s castle, Carl explains that Dracula was the son of Anna\'s ancestor. Dracula was murdered by "The Left Hand of God", but not before making a Faustian Bargain, which gave him new life as a vampire. Carl explains that although Anna\'s ancestor made the vow to kill Dracula, he could not kill his own son. Instead, he banished Dracula to an icy fortress from which he should not have been able to return, but the Devil gave him wings and the power of flight, which allowed him to escape. Van Helsing then finds a portal to Dracula\'s castle disguised as a wall map, completed using the paper that Van Helsing brought from Rome. They enter the portal, emerging on a cliff near Castle Dracula. As the trio sees the Monster being lifted to the laboratory, he tells them that Dracula has a werewolf cure. Carl realizes that only a werewolf can kill Dracula and that he uses werewolves to do his bidding, but needs a cure in case they have the willpower to turn against him. Making his way to the laboratory, Van Helsing frees the Monster—but not before Dracula\'s spawn are given life. He then confronts Dracula. Dracula reveals that Van Helsing is really The Archangel Gabriel, the Left Hand of God—as well as the one who originally murdered him. He offers to restore Van Helsing\'s memories, but Van Helsing refuses, deciding that "some things are better left forgotten". Van Helsing tells Dracula that his children will die if he is killed. Dracula challenges him to "go ahead," whereupon Van Helsing becomes a werewolf and enters a final battle with Dracula . Anna and Carl retrieve the cure but are attacked by Aleera and Igor. Igor falls to his death off a bridge, and Aleera gets impaled by Anna with a silver stake. They make their way to the laboratory just as Van Helsing bites into Dracula\'s throat, killing him and his offspring. Anna injects Van Helsing with the cure, only to be killed by him at the same time, much to his grief. Van Helsing and Carl hold a quiet ceremony for Anna and cremate her as the Monster departs on a raft into the ocean, having been allowed a chance at life. As Anna\'s body burns, Van Helsing sees her and her family in Heaven at peace, thanks to Dracula\'s death.'] ['Robin of Locksley , an English nobleman who joined King Richard "The Lionheart" in the Third Crusade, is imprisoned in Jerusalem along with his comrade Peter. Robin escapes, saving the life of a Moor named Azeem  in the process, but Peter dies while escaping and has Robin swear to protect his sister Marian . Robin returns to England with Azeem, who has vowed to accompany him until the debt of saving his life is repaid. In England, with King Richard still away, the cruel Sheriff of Nottingham  rules over the land, aided by his cousin Guy of Gisbourne , along with the witch Mortianna  and the corrupt Bishop of Hereford . At Locksley Castle, Robin\'s father  is killed by the Sheriff\'s men after refusing to join them. Robin returns to England to find his father dead, his home in ruins, and the Sheriff and his men oppressing the people. While fleeing the Sheriff\'s forces, Robin and Azeem encounter a band of outlaws hiding in Sherwood Forest, led by Little John . Among the band is Will Scarlet , who holds a belligerent grudge against Robin and does not hesitate to show Robin his true feelings. Robin ultimately assumes command of the group, encourages his men to fight against Nottingham, and trains them to defend themselves. They rob English soldiers and convoys that pass through the forest, then distribute the stolen wealth among the poor. One of their early targets is Friar Tuck , who subsequently joins these Merry Men, and Marian also begins to sympathize with the band and renders Robin any aid she can muster. Robin’s successes infuriate the Sheriff, who increases the maltreatment of the people, resulting in more support for Robin Hood. Hiring Celtic warriors from Scotland to bolster his forces, the Sheriff manages to locate the outlaws\' hideout and launches an attack, destroying the forest refuge. He confines Marian when she tries to summon help from France. The Sheriff proposes to Marian, claiming that if she accepts, he will spare the lives of the captured outlaws. Nevertheless, several of the rebels are due to be executed by hanging as part of the wedding celebration. Among the captured is Will Scarlett, whom seemingly makes a deal with Sheriff to find and kill Robin in order to be set free. Will meets back with Robin and a handful of his most trusted aides who survived the assault by the Celts. Instead of attacking Robin, Will informs him of the Sheriff\'s plans to marry Marian and execute Robin\'s men. Will still continues to take out his anger against Robin, to which Robin then questions Will as to why he hates him so much. Will then reveals himself to be Robin\'s younger illegitimate half-brother; Will\'s mother was a peasant woman with whom Robin\'s father took comfort after his  mother died. However, Robin\'s anger toward his father caused him to separate from her and leave Will fatherless. Despite Robin\'s anger toward his father for being with another woman, he is overjoyed to learn that he has a brother and embraces Will. On the day of the wedding and hangings, Robin and his men storm Nottingham Castle, freeing the prisoners. Although Robin\'s band originally planned to free their friends and retreat, Azeem reveals himself and his willingness to fight the Sheriff, turning the peasants to revolt. After a fierce fight, Robin kills the Sheriff but is attacked by Mortianna, who charges with a spear. Azeem slays Mortianna, fulfilling his vow to repay his life debt to Robin. Tuck also kills the Bishop by defenestrating him after learning of his corruption and treachery. Robin and Marian profess their love for each other and marry in the forest. Their wedding is briefly interrupted by the return of King Richard , who blesses the marriage and thanks Robin for his deeds.'] ['Captain Blood is pardoned by the Crown for his crimes against Spain on the Spanish Main. By 1690 he is living in the West Indies on his plantation where he practices medicine and is to be married to Isabella. His new life is put in danger when he is arrested on a piracy charge after somebody raids the island making him look guilty. To prove otherwise he has to sail again.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0044475/plotsummary/'] ['Twenty years after the events of The Four Musketeers, Cardinal Mazarin has imprisoned the Duke of Beaufort. Mazarin hires d\'Artagnan to bring together Athos, Porthos, and Aramis, to work for him. Porthos accepts, but Athos and Aramis decline. By this time, Athos has a son named Raoul. Milady de Winter\'s daughter, Justine, questions the headsman that the musketeers hired to kill her mother. After finding out from the headsman that "Comte de la Fere" hired him, she kills the headsman. Raoul, who was in love with her before witnessing this event, leaves her and tells d\'Artagnan, Porthos, and Athos that Justine wants to kill them. Count de Rochefort helps Beaufort escape from his prison, and is subsequently arrested by Mazarin. Mazarin sends d\'Artagnan and Porthos after Beaufort, but Beaufort escapes them due to interference from Athos and Aramis, who are working for Beaufort. This starts a fight amongst the musketeers, in which d\'Artagnan slices Aramis\' hand. Aramis breaks his sword and rides away. d\'Artagnan and Porthos are fired by Mazarin for not catching Beaufort. Rochefort goes into hiding until he finds Justine, and tells her the names of d\'Artagnan, Porthos, and Aramis, revealing to her that "Comte de la Fere" is Athos. King Charles I of England is to be executed, so Queen Anne of Austria sends d\'Artagnan, Athos, Porthos, and Raoul to rescue him. They attempt a rescue by knocking out the headsman, however Justine takes his place and executes Charles. The musketeers have several encounters with Justine: in one, Raoul\'s true allegiance is revealed to her; in another, Justine and Rochefort attempt to kill the musketeers by blowing up their ship but the musketeers escape and Rochefort is killed. Justine attempts to kill King Louis XIV, but is stopped by the musketeers, and their battle concludes with Justine jumping out the window into the water. Aramis rejoins the musketeers, and they force Mazarin to sign several forms in favour of them, including making Porthos a baron, Aramis a bishop, and Raoul commissioned in the guards. The film ends with the Musketeers riding together again.'] ['In the 1840s, the foppish Don Diego de la Vega returns from Spain to his family in California to find that his father has been replaced as ruler of the area by the a cruel ruler Don Luis Quintero. Despite being a skilled swordsman, Diego downplays his skills in front of the evil Captain Esteban and shows himself to be a bit of a clown in front of his family. However, Diego secretly picks up the sword of justice as Zorro and fights to return justice to the region and his people.'] ["The movie opens with a raging desert battle between the cities of Basra and Baghdad, during which Harun's  Basran father is fatally wounded. Before he dies, he gives his son a medallion he has pulled from his killer's neck, and urges him to somehow end the senseless killings. Harun rides to Bagdad, where he meets the beautiful Khairuzan , who tries to sell clothes to shopkeeper Barcus . He bargains with Barcus that for 10 dinars, he can pick any item in the shop. Under a pile of rags, he finds a golden sword that seems to somehow call him. Khairuzan ignites a riot when she defends the citizens of Basra. Barcus watches in awe as Harun cuts solid metal in half with his golden sword. As soon as soldiers appear and spirit Khairuzan away, the fighting stops, and Harun finds a medallion on the ground identical to the one his father gave him. Barcus discovers that the sword will cut through iron only when Harun wields it. He warns Harun to be careful until they can translate the inscriptions on its blade and discover all its powers. Meanwhile, in the palace, sinister Vizier Jafar  urges Badgad's Caliph to fight Basra, but the Caliph refuses. Khairuzan, who is in fact the princess, is soon brought in by her guard, Jafar's dim-witted son Hadi . Jafar convinces the Caliph that Khairuzan's headstrong ways may be tamed by marriage to his son, then later plots with Hadi to undermine the Caliph by inciting more battles against Basra. When Khairuzan learns of the arranged marriage, she escapes again and disguises herself as a boy. Harun is waiting outside for an audience with Jafar, and when the guards spot Khairuzan, she steals Harun's horse. She is finally caught by both Hadi and Harun, who begin a fight which Harun wins. He discovers that he is actually invincible while wielding the golden sword.  Khairuzan claims to be a boy slave and Harun brings her to the city, where she eavesdrops as Barcus reveals that the sword's first inscription promises that whoever unsheathes the sword will gain the throne. Later, Harun, realizing that Khairuzan is a girl, protects her when a guard questions them, and they are both thrown to the dungeon, where they fall in love and kiss. After a minor quarrel, Khairuzan makes herself known to the guards and moves back to her harem. Knowing of the sword's magical powers, she declares that only the winner of a tournament may claim her hand. She names Harun as her guard, and although he is infuriated to discover she is a princess and he her servant, he later watches admiringly as she is very kind to the poor townspeople. Meanwhile, Khairuzan's handmaiden, Bakhamra , informs Hadi about the magic sword, and he and his father steal it by creating a replica and then drugging Harun in order to switch the two. Khairuzan wakes Harun from his stupor and later asks him why he has not yet signed up for the tournament. When she disagrees with his response that he is not aristocratic enough to marry her, he kisses her. He then races to Barcus to proclaim his newfound joy, and refuses to listen when Barcus warns him that the second inscription counsels that the bearer's true reward will arrive in a grave of stone. At the tournament, Hadi tampers with Harun's saddle. Quickly, all but Hadi and Harun are eliminated from the contest, and Hadi finally wins by throwing Harun from his saddle. Harun realizes his sword was switched and suspects Khairuzan. He breaks into the palace and finds Bakhamra, who has just been jilted by Hadi and so reveals his scheme to Harun. Harun locates Hadi just as he is about to bring his unwilling bride to bed, and fights with him. He is captured by Hadi's guards and brought before Jafar. Bakhamra and the Caliph overhear the vizier plan to kill them and blame Harun. When the Caliph orders Jafar arrested, the vizier brings out his medallion, which is the same as the one Harun carries, and tries to kill the Caliph with the magic sword, but it slices into a stone pillar and remains stuck there. The guards kill the Caliph, but Harun and Khairuzan escape by fooling the guards into believing they have died. Jafar and Hadi soon discover that they cannot pull the sword out of the column and call men in from across Bagdad to attempt to pull it out. While Khairuzan gathers the townspeople around her, Harun and Barcus sneak back into the palace. Harun fights with the guards and is almost captured when Khairuzan rouses the people to storm the palace. He grabs the sword from the stone, causing it to collapse on top of Jafar and Hadi. Khairuzan bestows on Harun the title Al-Rhashid . Then they kiss."] ['In 1821, Don Diego de la Vega  fights against Spain in the Mexican War of Independence as Zorro, a mysterious avenger who defends the Mexican peasants and commoners of Las Californias. Don Rafael Montero ([[Stuart Wilson , the cruel governor of the region, learns de la Vega\'s identity. Arresting de la Vega in his home, his beloved wife Esperanza  is accidentally killed by one of Montero\'s soldiers. Montero imprisons de la Vega and takes his infant daughter, Elena, as his own and leaves for Spain. Twenty years later, Montero returns from exile in Spain with Elena , who has grown into a beautiful woman, by his side. He is planning to turn California into an independent republic. However, his reappearance also awakens a long-dormant de la Vega, who has spent two decades living in anonymity during his imprisonment. He escapes from prison, and as he plans his revenge on Montero, de la Vega encounters a thief, Alejandro Murrieta , who - along with his brother - greatly admired Zorro as a child and even had a small hand in the hero\'s last great exploit. After a brief period of deliberation, de la Vega decides to take Alejandro as his protégé. Inspired by the wish for revenge upon Captain Harrison Love , his brother\'s killer and Montero\'s right hand man, he endures the tough training regimen brilliantly. After Alejandro steals a black stallion resembling Toronado, Zorro\'s long deceased horse, and leaves Zorro\'s mark at the scene, de la Vega scolds him claiming that Zorro was a servant of the people, not a thief or adventurer. He challenges Alejandro to gain Montero\'s trust and pose as Don Alejandro del Castillo y García, a visiting nobleman, with de la Vega posing as his servant, Bernardo. Both attend a party at Montero\'s hacienda, where he gains Elena\'s admiration and titillation and enough of Montero\'s trust to be invited to a secret meeting. There, Montero hints at a plan to retake California for the Dons by buying it from General Santa Anna, who needs money to fund his upcoming war with the United States. Alejandro and the Dons are taken to a secret gold mine known as "El Dorado", where peasants and criminals are used for slave labor. The plan is to buy California from Santa Anna using gold mined from Santa Anna\'s own land. Meanwhile, de la Vega uses this opportunity to become closer to Elena: still posing as Bernardo, he learns that Montero raised her telling her that her mother died in childbirth. De la Vega sends Alejandro, as Zorro, to steal the map leading to the gold mine: he duels Montero, Love, and their guards at the hacienda. When Alejandro escapes, Elena attempts to retrieve Montero\'s map, but he uses his sword to strip off her clothing and seduces her, leading to a passionate kiss before he flees. Terrified of Santa Anna\'s retribution if he discovers that he is being paid with his own gold, Montero decides to destroy the mine, along with all its workers, to better hide all evidence. De la Vega tells Alejandro to release the workers on his own so that he can reclaim Elena: he corners Montero at his hacienda and reveals his identity, but is captured. As he is taken away, Elena, inspired by a chance encounter with a woman who had been her nanny at the market, asks Montero the name of the flower that her mother had hung about her crib: when it is de la Vega who tells Elena its name, she realizes he is her father. She releases de la Vega from his cell and they proceed to the mine, which Zorro has begun to infiltrate. De la Vega stops Montero from shooting Zorro and the two duel. Meanwhile Zorro is confronted by Love and they duel. In the end, Alejandro avenges his brother by impaling Love with his own sword, and de la Vega sends Montero to his death by dragging him off a cliff behind a gold laden cart which crushes Love. Elena and Alejandro free the workers before the explosives go off, where they attend to the mortally wounded de la Vega. He makes peace with Alejandro before dying, passing the mantle of Zorro to him, and gives his blessings for Alejandro\'s and Elena\'s prospective marriage. They re-build the de la Vega hacienda and have a son named Joaquin, honoring Alejandro\'s brother.'] ['D\'Artagnan , an inexperienced Gascon youth, travels to Paris to join the elite King\'s Musketeers. On his way, he encounters a mysterious lady at a roadside inn. When he picks a fight with one of her escorts, she becomes suspicious and has him knocked unconscious. His letter of introduction from his father to de Treville , the commander of the Musketeers, is burned. When he awakens, he continues on to the city. In Paris, he nevertheless presents himself to de Treville, who recognizes d\'Artagnan\'s description of one of his assailants and, saying "A man is sometimes known by the enemies he makes," makes him a cadet. The young Gascon spots the very man and in his haste to confront him, annoys three of the most skillful Musketeers: Athos , Porthos  and Aramis . Each challenges him to a duel. At the appointed place, the master swordsmen are amused by the newcomer\'s audacity. Before they can begin however, they are interrupted by Richelieu\'s men, who try to arrest the Musketeers. Outraged that the three are outnumbered, d\'Artagnan joins them in dispatching their foes, displaying his superb swordsmanship in the process. As a result, he is welcomed into their ranks. Later, d\'Artagnan rescues  Constance Bonacieux , a confidante of Queen Anne . The queen had been given a matched set of diamond studs by her husband, King Louis XIII . Foolishly, she gives them to her lover, the Duke of Buckingham ([[John Sutton , who is also the Prime Minister of Great Britain. Knowing of the queen\'s indiscretion, Richelieu  sees a way to persuade the king to go to war with Britain. Richelieu arranges a ball and suggests to Louis that his wife wear the diamonds. D\'Artagnan and his three friends volunteer to travel to Britain to retrieve the jewels, but along the way, they are ambushed by Richelieu\'s men. One by one, the Musketeers are forced to stay behind to hold off their pursuers. Finally, only d\'Artagnan and his servant Planchet  are left to reach the duke. However, Richelieu had already sent the beautiful Countess de Winter  to work her wiles on the duke and steal two of the studs. Fortunately, the duke\'s jeweler is able to make replacements quickly and d\'Artagnan races back to France. He arrives just in time to save the queen from disgrace. Admiring d\'Artagnan\'s resourcefulness, Richelieu has Constance abducted in an attempt to enlist him in his service. He also assigns de Winter to help persuade the young man. D\'Artagnan tries to learn where Constance is being held from de Winter, but begins to fall under her spell instead. When Athos discovers that Milady is actually his treacherous wife, he tries to warn d\'Artagnan, but is not believed. Then d\'Artagnan finds out that Athos was telling the truth; he sees a brand on her shoulder, the mark of a common criminal. Fighting breaks out between Britain and France. The queen succeeds in freeing Constance and sends her to Buckingham for safety. When the war goes against him, Richelieu gives de Winter a carte blanche and sends her to Britain to assassinate his foe. The Musketeers learn of the plot and send Planchet to warn the duke. Athos confronts De Winter and recovers the carte blanche as proof of Richelieu\'s treachery. De Winter is imprisoned and placed in the custody of Constance, but when the latter lets down her guard, de Winter kills her, then Buckingham. Caught once again by the Musketeers at the ancestral home of Athos, she begs for mercy, but finds none, even though husband still loves her despite her many crimes. Seeing this, she calms herself and walks with dignity to her execution. The Musketeers are ambushed by Richelieu\'s men and captured, but as he is about to have them sentenced to death by the king, d\'Artagnan produces the carte blanche, and Richelieu is compelled to grant the Musketeers a comfortable retirement and d\'Artagnan a commission as a Musketeer.'] ['After England and Spain make peace, notorious pirate Henry Morgan  decides to reform. As a reward, he is made Governor of Jamaica, with a mandate to rid the Caribbean of his former comrades, by persuasion or force if necessary. He replaces the former governor, Lord Denby , but is not trusted by either the lawful residents or the pirates. Captain Jamie Waring  and his lieutenant, Tom Blue ([[Thomas Mitchell , reluctantly give up their "trade" out of friendship for Morgan, but others of the Pirate Brotherhood, such as Captain Billy Leech  and Wogan , refuse to change. Meanwhile, Waring takes a liking to Denby\'s daughter, Lady Margaret , who happens to be inconveniently engaged to an English gentleman, Roger Ingram . As it turns out, her fiancé is secretly providing information about ship sailings to the unrepentant pirates. When Morgan is unable to stop the depredations of his old shipmates, he is suspected of still being allied with them. It is up to Waring to set sail to get to the bottom of things .'] ["An ageing Robin Hood  is a trusted captain fighting for Richard the Lion-Heart  in France, the Crusades long over. Richard orders him to take a castle that is rumoured to hold a gold statue. Discovering that it is defended by a solitary, one-eyed old man  who is sheltering harmless women and children, and convinced that there is no statue, Robin and his right-hand man, Little John , refuse to attack. King Richard, angry at their insubordination, orders the pair's execution, but before his orders can be carried out, he is mortally wounded by an arrow thrown by the old man. Richard has the helpless residents massacred, with the exception of the old man, because Richard likes his eye. The King asks Robin to pray for mercy for him. When Robin refuses, Richard draws his sword, but lacks the strength to strike him and falls to the floor. Robin helps him, and moved by his loyalty, with his last words, Richard frees Robin and Little John. After Richard's death, Robin and Little John return to England and are reunited with old friends Will Scarlet  and Friar Tuck  in Sherwood Forest. When Robin casually inquires about Maid Marian , they tell him she has become an abbess. When he goes to see her, she finds him as impossible as ever. He learns that his old nemesis, the Sheriff of Nottingham , has ordered her arrest in response to the King's order to expel senior leaders of the Roman Catholic Church from England. Marian wants no trouble, but Robin rescues her against her will, injuring Sir Ranulf , the Sheriff's arrogant guest, in the process. Ignoring the Sheriff's warnings, Sir Ranulf pursues Robin into the forest. His men are ambushed and decimated by arrows; Sir Ranulf is left unharmed only because Robin orders him spared. When the news of Robin's return spreads, old comrades and new recruits rally once more to him. Sir Ranulf asks King John for 200 soldiers to deal with Robin. The Sheriff waits in the open fields beyond the Forest, knowing Robin will attack. When Robin does, he proposes that he and the Sheriff duel to settle the issue, despite the protests of Sir Ranulf. Despite Robin appearing to have superior skills at the start of the fight, it soon becomes clear that the Sheriff is more than his match, and soon the Sheriff is dominating Robin in the fight. Eventually the Sheriff has the wounded Robin at his mercy and demands his surrender. Refusing, Robin manages to kill the Sheriff with the last of his strength. Led by Sir Ranulf, the soldiers attack and scatter Robin's ragtag band, many of whom are captured or killed. Little John swiftly kills Sir Ranulf. Then he and Marian take Robin to her abbey where she tells Robin she keeps her medicine. Robin believes he will recover to win future battles. Little John stands guard outside while Marian tends to Robin's wounds. Marian prepares a draft and takes a drink of it herself before giving it to Robin. He drinks the medicine and notes that the pain has gone away and his legs have gone numb. Then, realising that she has poisoned them both, he cries out for Little John. However, he comes to understand that Marian has acted out of love because he would never be the same man again. She tells him: I love you. More than all you know. I love you more than children. More than fields I've planted with my hands. I love you more than morning prayers or peace or food to eat. I love you more than sunlight, more than flesh or joy, or one more day. I love you...more than God. Little John crashes through the door and weeps at Robin&#39;s bedside. Robin shoots an arrow from his deathbed through the open window and tells Little John to bury them both where it lands. There is no indication of it ever falling."] ["The legend of Jacques D'Artagnan ([[Michael York  gets a gender-bending update in this swashbuckling adventure. Though legendary swordsman Jacques D'Artagnan's best days may be well behind him, he has schooled his daughter Valentine  well in the way of the sword. Now it's time for Valentine to strike out on her own. With her father's sword and a letter of introduction to Commander Finot , the eager young novice sets out to seek her fortune in Paris. Though a woman has never before been appointed the rank of swordsman, Valentine is determined to prove her worth by taking on a deadly mission to rescue the bride-to-be of King Louis XIV from a band of fearsome kidnappers, teaming with the three sons of the legendary Three Musketeers who rode with her father."] ['An attack on the sacred city of Alamut is planned by Dastan , an orphan in the Persian Empire adopted by King Sharaman ; his royal-blooded adoptive brothers, Tus  and Garsiv ; and his uncle, Nizam , after Alamut is believed to be selling weapons to Persia\'s enemies. Dastan leads a surprise attack to open the city\'s gates to allow the army in; during the ensuing battle, Dastan comes into possession of a unique dagger. Alamut\'s princess, Tamina , is arrested and agrees to marry Tus in order to achieve peace after noticing Dastan\'s dagger. Dastan unknowingly presents a poisoned robe, given to him by Tus, to his father, who dies upon donning it. After being blamed for the murder, Dastan flees Alamut with Tamina. When Tamina attempts to kill the prince, Dastan discovers the dagger can reverse time and only the one who activates it is aware of what happened. After an encounter with shady ostrich racing-organizer Sheik and his men, Dastan and Tamina head to Avrat for Sharaman\'s funeral. Dastan attempts to convince Nizam that he did not kill his father but Garsiv and the city guards appear and attack Dastan and he is forced to escape. Dastan catches up with Tamina and explains that Nizam was behind the murder because his hands were burned. Once Tamina finally explains everything about the Dagger, Dastan realizes why Nizam wants the Dagger of Time: to use it with the massive Sandglass to go back in time and undo saving Sharaman from a lion so he could become king. He fabricated the false allegations that Alamut had been dealing weapons to Persia\'s enemies so that he would have the opportunity to search the city for the Sandglass. However, Tamina warns that opening the Sandglass would release the sands, triggering an apocalyptic sandstorm that would destroy the entire world. Meanwhile, Nizam hires the lethal Hassansins to slay Dastan. Dastan and Tamina are again captured by Sheik Amar , seeking to rebuild his ruined business by turning them in for bounty. But that night, the Hassansin leader, Zolm  attacks the group with vipers, which are killed by Dastan with the dagger. Amar decides to go along with Dastan and Tamina to a secret sanctuary near India. They run into Garsiv\'s men. Dastan manages to persuade his brother that he is innocent, only for Garsiv to be fatally wounded by a Hassansin. The Hassansins attack, while Dastan and Tamina sneak away to the secret cave where they can hide the Dagger. After Dastan prevents Tamina from giving up her life to protect the Dagger, they are found and Zolm manages to snatch the Dagger of Time from Tamina. Garsiv saves Dastan from a Hassansin just before he dies. The group returns to Alamut to reveal the truth about Nizam and the Dagger to Tus. Seso  manages to take back the Dagger after a battle with Setam, the Hassansin who killed Garsiv, that ends up killing both men. Dastan confronts Tus and explains the dagger\'s mechanics to him and then stabs the dagger into his heart, killing himself. Tus brings Dastan back to life by rewinding time and realizes his brother has been innocent all along. But Nizam arrives, kills Tus, and takes the Dagger, leaving a Hassansin, Ghazab, to kill Dastan. Tamina arrives to help Dastan defeat Ghazab as Nizam goes to the Sandglass caves beneath Alamut. Dastan and Tamina go behind, and on the way Tamina kills Zolm with the Hassansin\'s own snake, while preventing him from killing Dastan. The pair share a kiss. They reach Nizam before he can pierce the Sandglass with the Dagger, but he knocks Tamina and Dastan over the edge. Dastan grabs hold of Tamina. Admitting that she loves him, Tamina asks Dastan to stop Nizam, saying it\'s been his destiny all along. She lets go of his hand, leaving Dastan devastated. Dastan pulls himself up just as Nizam stabs the Sandglass with the Dagger. Dastan grabs hold and activates the dagger. This causes Dastan to go back to the immediate aftermath of the invasion of Alamut. Dastan reveals Nizam\'s treachery. Nizam, realizing the allegation will be confirmed by an investigation ordered by Tus, attacks Dastan, but is eventually stabbed in the chest by Tus\'s blade and dies. After apologizing for the ransacking of her city, Tus suggests that perhaps Tamina should become Dastan\'s wife as a sign of good will since he is the "conqueror and savior of her city". Prince Dastan returns the Dagger of Time to Tamina and the two take a walk together. During their conversation, Dastan hints at his knowledge of the dagger\'s power and tells Tamina that he looks forward to a future with her.'] [' Edmond Dantès and his friend, Fernand Mondego, officers of a French trading ship, head to Elba seeking medical attention for their captain. Dantès and Mondego are chased by English Dragoons who believe they are spies for the exiled Napoleon Bonaparte. The Emperor declares they are not his agents, and asks Dantès to give a letter to a friend in France. After the captain dies, they are sent on their way. Dantès is reprimanded by the ship\'s first mate, Danglars, for disobeying orders. However, the shipping company\'s boss, Morrell, commends Dantès\' bravery, promoting him to captain over Danglars. Mondego intercepts Dantès\' fiancée, Mercédès, and tries to seduce her. When he hears of Dantès\' promotion, Mondego realizes that Dantès will be able to marry Mercédès sooner than expected. Mondego gets drunk and tells Danglars about the letter Napoleon gave Dantès. Danglars has Dantès charged with treason and sent to magistrate J.F. Villefort. Villefort is sure of Dantès\' innocence, but discovers the addressee is Villefort\'s father, Clarion, a Bonapartist, whom he denounced to secure a promotion. Villefort burns the letter and fools Dantès into submitting to arrest, then attempts to send him to an island prison, Château d\'If. Dantès escapes and goes to Mondego for help, but Mondego wounds him so he cannot escape; when Dantès asks why he betrayed their friendship, Mondego says that he is angry that he wants to be Dantès despite his wealth and superior social position. Dantès is imprisoned in the Château d\'If. Meanwhile, news spreads that Napoleon has escaped from Elba. Mondego, Mercédès, Morrell and Dantès\' father go to Villefort to plead that Dantès is innocent, but Villefort rejects their efforts. Mercédès thanks Mondego for his support, but after she leaves Mondego and Villefort discuss their reasons for imprisoning Dantès. Mercédès is told that Dantès has been executed. In prison, Dantès befriends Abbé Faria, a priest and former soldier in Napoleon\'s army. Faria was imprisoned because he claimed not to know the location of the deceased Count Spada\'s fortune. For 13 years Faria educates Dantes, teaching him mathematics, literature, philosophy, economics, hand and sword combat and military strategy. While escaping, their tunnel caves in, mortally wounding Faria, who gives Dantès the location of Spada\'s treasure. When the guards put the priest into a body bag, Dantès removes the corpse, hides himself in the bag and is thrown into the sea. Dantès washes onto a desert island and encounters Luigi Vampa, a smuggler and thief. Vampa persuades Dantès to fight Jacopo, a traitor whom they intended to bury alive. Dantès defeats Jacopo but makes a deal with Vampa to let him live; Jacopo vows to serve Dantès for the rest of his life. Dantès joins the smugglers for three months, leaving when they arrive at Marseilles. Not recognizing him, Morrell tells Dantès that his father committed suicide upon learning of his imprisonment and that Mercédès has married Mondego. Danglars took over Morrell\'s shipping company after Morrell made him a partner. Dantès goes to the island of Monte Cristo, finds Spada\'s treasure and vows revenge on Mercédès, Mondego, Danglars and Villefort. Dantès becomes the "Count of Monte Cristo". He hires Vampa to stage a kidnapping of Mondego\'s son Albert and then "rescues" him, inviting the boy to his residence. In return, Albert invites the count to his sixteenth birthday at the Mondegos\' residence. Dantès meets with Villefort to discuss a shipment of unspecified property. Mondego meets with Villefort later that evening and mentions that his son heard Monte Cristo use the words gold, shipment and Spada. They believe the shipment is treasure and plot to steal it. At the party, Mercédès recognizes Dantès, with whom she is still in love. Jacopo allows her to hide in Monte Cristo\'s carriage to speak with him, wanting his master to abandon his obsession with revenge and simply live his life. Dantès does not admit to being her former lover, but accidentally says \'Edmond Dantès\'; Mercédès had never mentioned Edmond\'s last name. Dantès confronts Danglars with the police in tow; Danglars fights Dantès, who reveals his true identity before having Danglars arrested. Dantès gets Villefort to confess that he persuaded Mondego to kill Clarion in return for telling Mercédès that Dantès was executed. Villefort is charged with conspiracy to murder, and realizes Monte Cristo\'s true identity before being imprisoned. Mercédès admits that she still loves Dantès. After spending the night together, Dantès decides to take Mercédès and her son and leave France. Dantès has Mondego\'s debts called in, bankrupting him. Mondego is also due to be arrested for Piracy, Corruption, and Murder. Mercédès confronts Mondego, revealing she is leaving him and Albert is Dantès\' son; she only married him and claimed that the boy was born prematurely to hide his true paternity. Mondego leaves for his family estate, where the stolen gold shipment was to be taken. He finds that the chests are filled with dirt and sand, and that Dantès has arrived to take his revenge. Albert rushes to defend Mondego, until Mercédès reveals to Dantès and Albert that they are father and son. Mondego attempts to kill Mercédès, but only wounds her, as Jacopo throws off his aim. Mondego fights Dantès, and Dantès impales Mondego through the heart, killing him. Dantès returns to Château d\'If to pay homage to Faria and promises him that he has given up on revenge and will live a better life. He leaves the island with Mercédès, Albert and Jacopo.'] ['{{Cleanup-rewrite}} Late in the reign of Elizabeth I of England, Spanish noble Don Juan de Mañara  is repatriated from London to Madrid after a serious diplomatic scandal caused by his affair with the British fiancée of a Spanish duke. The Spanish ambassador in London, Count de Polan , sends a letter of recommendation to his friend Queen Margaret , asking her to provide an opportunity at the court to rehabilitate Don Juan after the gossiping and rumors about his multiple illicit love affairs. He is thus hired as a fencing instructor at the Spanish Academy. He secretly falls in love with Queen Margaret but remains a loyal subject to her and her irresponsible and weak husband, King Phillip III . Don Juan discovers the treacherous plan of the Machiavellian Duke de Lorca ([[Robert Douglas , who is plotting to depose the monarch, usurp power in Spain and declare war on England. With the support of his friends, Don Juan defends the Queen, the King and the loyal Count de Polan against Duke de Lorca and his henchmen.http://www.mvlib.com/details/movie/adventures-of-don-juan-267964.html'] ["In 1501, a city in Italy has been taken by a coup d'état while its rightful ruler, Arnolfini , is away. Arnolfini promises mercenaries 24 hours of looting if they succeed in retaking the city, and they do so. But in the middle of their revelry, Arnolfini wants them gone. Hawkwood ([[Jack Thompson , the commander of his troops, is caring for a young nun he mistakenly attacked during the siege. Arnolfini promises to get her medical attention and Hawkwood leads Arnolfini's cavalry, betraying his former lieutenant, Martin . The cavalry ejects the mercenaries from the city without their loot.  Soon after, Martin's son is stillborn. Burying the infant unearths a wooden statue of Saint Martin of Tours - a saint with a sword. The mercenaries' cardinal takes this as a sign from God to follow Martin as their new leader. Arnolfini's son, Steven , is betrothed to Agnes . They meet for the first time and eat from a mandrake to magically stay in love, but the entourage is then attacked and robbed by Martin's band. Arnolfini is seriously injured, and Agnes is hauled away, hidden among her valuable dowry. Martin discovers Agnes later that evening when they strip the caravan of its valuables. The men seek to gang rape her but Martin decides to take her himself. He rapes her, but she taunts him, and later starts flirting with him, hoping for his protection. The mercenaries encounter a castle whose inhabitants are suffering from the Plague. They capture the place with ease, with the help of Agnes. She induces Martin to fall in love with her and the other mercenaries to accept her among them. She seems to have given up on her former life. But Steven is determined to win her back and turns to Hawkwood. Hawkwood only wants to live a quiet life, married to the former nun he had injured. Steven, becoming as ruthless as his father, seizes the nun to force Hawkwood to help him pursue Martin. They locate Martin and the mercenaries. They do not have sufficient forces to retake their castle but lay siege to it. Inside the castle, Martin asks Agnes where her true loyalty lies; she is noncommittal but hints that the winner takes all. When Steven builds a siege tower to storm the castle, Martin destroys it with an idea Steven had tried earlier: gunpowder. The stalemate is broken when the Plague spreads among Steven's forces and infects Hawkwood. The mercenaries capture Steven and shackle him in their courtyard. Agnes joins in the abuse of the captive and even makes love to Martin in his presence. Using a new medical technique Steven had learned, Hawkwood cures his plague. He cannot continue the siege but, before leaving to get additional troops, he catapults pieces of an infected dog into the castle. One chunk lands near the chained Steven, who flings it into the castle's water well. Agnes sees this and Steven says she must decide whether to tell the mercenaries. Most of the mercenaries wish to leave the castle out of fear of the Plague, but Martin convinces them to stay. At the next meal, Agnes watches as they drink the infected water. But when Martin begins to drink, she slaps the cup from his hands. The other mercenaries soon show signs of the Plague and hurl Martin into the well. As she did before with Steven, Agnes joins in the abuse of Martin. Hawkwood and Arnolfini have now recovered from their wounds and return with an army. Inside the castle, Steven needs Martin's key to escape his shackles, but Martin needs Steven to get out of the well. The two briefly cooperate, but on seeing the besieging army, Martin flees to the belfry. Steven frees himself and, as the final battle rages, races to find Agnes. During the fighting, the belfry catches fire. Before long, all the mercenaries except Martin are dead. Martin confronts Agnes. She says she still loves him, but he prepares to murder her rather than risk her going back to Steven. Before he can, Steven attacks. Martin, a cunning and hardened mercenary, overpowers Steven. He almost drowns him when Agnes strikes Martin over the head, and she and Steven flee the blazing castle and reunite with Hawkwood. Agnes and Steven embrace, but over Steven's shoulder, Agnes sees Martin escaping from the castle, a sack of loot over his shoulder. She says nothing."] ['The story takes place during the 17th century in the Spanish Empire. Diego Alatriste is a soldier in the service of King Philip IV of Spain, during the Eighty Years War. The story begins in the Netherlands, where the tercio of Diego Alatriste fights against the Dutch during the Dutch Revolt. Lope Balboa  is killed here. Diego decides to return to Madrid where he receives the young Íñigo Balboa in his care. He is hired, along with a Sicilian assassin named Gualtiero Malatesta to kill the Prince of Wales  and his companion, the Duke of Buckingham. The job is contracted by Emilio Bocanegra and Luis de Alquézar . Alatriste finally returns to the Netherlands in 1624  and participates in the final battles leading to Breda\'s surrender. After the return to Spain, Íñigo wants to elope with Angélica, but she gets cold feet at the last moment. Alatriste has a romance with actress María de Castro, who was the lover of Philip IV and he ends up crossing swords with Gualdamedina, a friend of the king. In the end, the object of their attention gets sick with syphilis. The duel with his friend Martín Saldaña and the punishment of Íñigo in the galleys are part of the film\'s spectacular ending. The last scenes are at the Battle of Rocroi , described in the last book of the long and entertaining saga The Adventures of Captain Alatriste, a book that has not been published as of 2008. During the battle Abel Moreno Gómez\'s "La Madrugá" is playing as the defeated army\'s march and this is where it is assumed that the old Captain Diego Alatriste dies. The plot of the film has elements from each of the five books published up to the premiere, and it maintains the same storyline for the main characters. It includes excerpts from the future books of the saga. If the movie plot coincides with the desire of the author it should all end in Rocroi thus leaving enough material for three more books.'] [" The film follows the standard story about Captain Blood. An Irishman banished for his treatment on a wounded rebel during the Monmouth Rebellion, Dr. Peter Blood has become a feared buccaneer on the high seas. King Charles II of Spain  thus calls upon the Marquis de Riconete to capture the evasive Captain Blood and end his attacks upon Spanish ships. Blood is safe until he docks to resupply his crew; while his men are out they are betrayed by their supplier, the slave trader George Fairfax. Once captured, the pirates are tortured by the Marquis to find Blood's whereabouts. Blood then disguises himself as a fruit seller to find and rescue his loyal crew, who have not revealed the location of their beloved captain. During his search he befriends Pepita Rosados , a beautiful flirt who reveals to Blood that many of Fairfax's slaves are dying. Blood then confronts Fairfax about the deplorable situation, and finds that Fairfax is having troubles with Isabelita Sotomayor , the niece of the Marquis. The Marquis then decides to arrest Fairfax for his supposed involvement with Blood, so his troops secretly follow Isabelita to his house. She pleads with Fairfax to alleviate her boredom with the island, offering him money to sail to Spain. After their discussion, the troops enter and a fight ensues. Still disguised as a fruit seller, Blood treats the wounded Fairfax in a nearby tavern and offers to Isabelita a trip to Spain if she convinces her uncle to pardon Fairfax. She agrees, and using his newfound insider information Blood discovers the seal of the Marquis. Unfortunately, he mistakes the forgery and after revealing his mistaken note to the prison guard a battle ensues. Blood and his men escape, however the Marquis is not willing to abandon his search. Isabelita is shocked to discover that her uncle plans to torture the local tavern owner to find the captain, so she reveals his location, thinking he has already set sail. Unfortunately, the incoming tide had prevented his hasty exit, and the Marquis confronts Blood at sea. A fiery battle ensues, with the flaming boat of the Marquis ultimately trying to ram Captain Blood. Luckily, Blood's crew managed to destroy the entire vessel before the deadly flames could reach them. After the pirates ensured their victory, Blood sails away and Isabelita vows to stay on the island and create a new government without slavery."] ['The film begins with the looting of a ship already captured and badly mauled, by the pirates. After relieving the ship and crew of valuables, the pirates fire the ship, blowing up the gun powder on board, sinking her.The Black Pirate at silentera.com database While the pirates celebrate, two survivors wash up on an island, an old man and his son. Before dying, the older man  gives his signet ring to his son . His son buries him, vowing vengeance. The Pirate Captain and Lieutenant bring some crew to the other side of the same island to bury some of their plunder. They then plan to murder the other pirates: "Dead men tell no tales." But first, Fairbanks appears as the "Black Pirate", who offers to join their company and fight their best man to prove his worth. After much fighting, the Black Pirate kills the Pirate Captain. The Pirate Lieutenant sneers, and says there is more to being a pirate than sword tricks. To further prove his worth, the Black Pirate says he will capture the next ship of prey single-handed, which he does. He then uses his wits to prevent the pirates from blowing up the ship along with the crew and passengers, suggesting that they hold the ship for ransom. When a "princess" is discovered on board, he urges the crew to use her as a hostage to insure their ransom will be paid, as long as she remains "spotless and unharmed". The pirates cheer the Black Pirate, and want to name him captain. The Pirate Lieutenant jeers that they can wait to see if the ransom is paid by noon the next day. If the ransom is not paid, the "Princess" will become the Pirate Lieutenant\'s prize and the Black Pirate will walk the plank. It is a long wait. The Pirate Lieutenant tries to attack the "Princess", kill the Black Pirate, and destroy the ship before the deadline. But the Black Pirate and Governor arrive with ships and troops to stop the pirates. There is a fierce fight, with the outcome uncertain. In the end, the Black Pirate is revealed to be a Duke, and the "Princess" he loves a noble Lady. Even the old one-armed pirate Mac Tavish is moved to tears of joy by the happy ending.http://www.silentsaregolden.com/featurefolder5/BPcommentary.html'] ["In seventeenth century Paris, poet and supreme swordsman Cyrano de Bergerac  stops a play from being shown because he cannot stand the bombastic style of the principal actor, Montfleury ([[Arthur Blake . An annoyed aristocratic fop, the Vicomte de Valvert , provokes him into a duel by tritely insulting Cyrano's enormous nose. Cyrano first mocks his lack of wit, improvising numerous inventive ways in which Valvert could have phrased it . He then composes a ballade for the occasion on the spot and recites it during the swordfight. With the last line, he stabs his opponent. Cyrano's friend Le Bret , Captain of the Gascony guards, warns him he has made powerful enemies of his victim's friends, but he is unconcerned. When Le Bret presses him to reveal the real reason he hates Montfleury, Cyrano admits that he became jealous when he saw his beautiful cousin Roxane  being smiled at by the actor. He confesses that he is in love with her, but harbors no hope of it being returned because of his nose. When he receives a request from Roxane to see her in the morning, he is finally emboldened to act. Then pastry chef and fellow poet Ragueneau  approaches him for help. Ragueneau has learned that a nobleman he had mocked with his verses, the Comte De Guiche , has hired a hundred ruffians to teach him a lesson. Cyrano escorts him, kills eight of the horde, and drives off the rest. The next day, before he can tell Roxane of his feelings, she informs him that she has fallen in love with a handsome guardsman, Christian de Neuvillette ([[William Prince , though she has not even spoken to him. Cyrano hides his devastation and agrees to help her. Cyrano befriends the young man and discovers that he is infatuated with Roxane, but is too inept with words to woo her. To help him, Cyrano composes Christian's love letters to Roxane, which she finds irresistible. Later, Christian decides he wants no more help and tries to speak to Roxane face to face, but fails miserably; Cyrano, hiding in the bushes, has to come to his rescue, but this time by imitating Christian's voice and speaking to Roxane from under her balcony, after she has re-entered her house in an angry huff. He is so eloquent that he  wins a kiss for Christian from Roxane. When the arrogant Comte De Guiche, who is also wooing Roxane, pressures Roxane to marry him, Cyrano delays him long enough for her to wed Christian. Furious, De Guiche, Christian's commander, orders him to join his unit immediately for a war against the Spanish, preventing the couple from spending their wedding night together. With Cyrano under his command as well, De Guiche earns the swordsman's respect by his conduct in the war. From the field, Cyrano sends Roxane letters every day supposedly written by Christian. Roxane visits her husband in camp and tells him that she now has fallen in love with him not merely for his looks but because of his words, and would love him even if he were ugly. Realizing that she really loves Cyrano, Christian gets his rival to agree to tell Roxane the truth and let her decide between them. But before the opportunity arises, Christian volunteers for a dangerous mission and is fatally wounded, silencing Cyrano. Roxane enters a convent in mourning. Years pass, with Cyrano visiting Roxane weekly. De Guiche, who has also befriended her, has overheard a courtier plotting against Cyrano, who has continued to write satirical articles mocking the nobility, and warns her that Cyrano's life may be in danger. One night, Cyrano is lured into an ambush; the poet is run down by a carriage. Near death, he hides his injuries and goes to keep his appointment with Roxane for the last time. His secret love for Roxane is finally revealed when he recites from memory one of the love letters she has kept, but it is too late. Cyrano first slips into delirium, then dies, leaving Roxane to mourn a second time."] ['In 1700 in Nevers, France, a skilled swordsman named Lagardère  challenges Duke Philippe de Nevers  to a friendly duel in order to learn his secret lethal maneuver known as the "Nevers Attack". Nevers agrees and quickly dispatches the upstart whom he soon befriends. Nevers learns that he has a "son" by Blanche de Caylus—a fact previously concealed by his cousin and would-be heir, the wicked Comte de Gonzague . That night Nevers escapes an assassination attempt by Gonzague\'s men. Determined to claim his bride, Nevers leaves for Caylus with Lagardère along as his escort. They are followed by Gonzague and his men who plan to murder Nevers before he can marry Blanche and claim his son and heir. Along the way Nevers teaches Lagardère the "Nevers Attack"—an acrobatic sleight of hand that ends with a blade between the opponent\'s eyes. Soonafter, they spot the assassins, and Lagardère is able to delay the attackers long enough to allow Nevers to reach Caylus and marry Blanche. The newlyweds\' happiness, however, is short-lived. When Gonzague and his men arrive at Caylus, they murder the entire wedding party. Lagardère arrives, and after a lengthy swordfight, Nevers is fatally stabbed by a masked Gonzague, who is "branded" on the hand by Lagardère. With his dying breath, Nevers implores Lagardère to avenge him and look after his infant child. Lagardère flees Caylus with the infant and finds refuge in the mountains in an abandoned farmhouse, where he discovers that the "son" is in fact a girl named Aurore. Gonzague\'s men track Lagardère to his mountain hideaway looking to kill Nevers\' rightful heir. Lagardère and Aurore escape with the help of a band of strolling players who convince the pursuing killers that Lagardère and Aurore have plunged to their deaths in a mountain torrent. After Gonzague\'s men leave, Lagardère and Aurore join up with the strolling players. Back in Nevers, after attending the funeral of her daughter—the coffin actually contains a wax doll—Blanche retires to a convent, and the evil Gonzague is named executor of her estate. Sixteen years later, Lagardère and Aurore  are still with the players. After witnessing Lagardère defend her against three outlaws using sophisticated swordplay with a stick, Aurore asks about his past. Lagardère keeps his past hidden, but he teaches her the "Nevers Attack". One night after a performance, Aurore is taken to a party given by one of Gonzague\'s men, Louis-Joseph, and is soon assaulted by the host. Using fencing skills she learned from her father, Aurore escapes her attacker, killing him using the "Nevers Attack". When Gonzague learns how his "finest blade" was killed, he suspects that Aurore is still alive; his suspicions are confirmed when Aurore\'s tomb is opened revealing a decayed wax doll. Gonzague then orders his men to find and kill her. Lagardère sets out to plan his revenge on Gonzague. After revealing to Aurore that she is the daughter of the late Duke of Nevers, he gains employment as Gonzague\'s secretary disguised as a hunchback, makes contact with Blanche revealing that her daughter is alive, and then engineers a stock market raid on shares in the Mississippi Company supposedly on behalf of Gonzague—in fact he purchases the stock using gold provided by Blanche for her daughter\'s benefit. When Aurore is captured by Gonzague\'s men, Lagardère executes a daring rescue. That night, the Regent Philippe d\'Orléans arrives prepared to name Gonzague a royal agent to the Louisiana Territory. The ceremony is interrupted, however, by Lagardère who escorts Aurore into the hall, introducing her as the majority holder of the Mississippi Company stock. Lagardère then discards his disguise and accuses Gonzague of murdering Duke Philippe de Nevers. As proof he exposes Gonzague\'s hand—the one he branded at the scene of the crime. In the swordfight that follows, Lagardère kills Gonzague using the "Nevers Attack". Aurore then instructs Lagardère to kiss her, and the two embrace each other.'] ['The pirate Yellowbeard  was incarcerated for 20 years for tax evasion — apart from his years terrorizing the high seas . He survives the sentence but has not disclosed the whereabouts of his vast treasure . The Royal Navy hatches a plot to increase his sentence by 140 years, knowing that he will escape in a rage to set out for his treasure. This he does, recruiting a motley crew of companions. He had left a map of the treasure in the chimney of his wife\'s pub, but she burned the map. She then tells Yellowbeard that she had the map tattooed on their son\'s head. Things go wrong when his former shipmate-turned-traitor Bosun Moon\'s  press gangs take over the ship. With the Head of the Secret Service  hot on their trail, they eventually find the island, where a group of AWOL Spanish Conquistadors  have taken residence with their ill-gotten gains, and the battle for the treasure commences. During the battle he recalls the steps to his buried treasure saying "Stagger, Stagger, Crawl, Crawl" in reference to the injured state he was in when he hid the treasure.'] ['Dutch sea captain Laurent van Horn  is shipwrecked off the coast of the Spanish settlement of Cartagena. After being held and sentenced to death, Van Horn and his crew manage to escape. They capture Francisca Alvarado  who has been arranged to marry the corrupt governor . Over time Francisca and Van Horn become attracted to each other and must set out to defeat villainous local politicians and treacherous pirates. The film includes the character Anne Bonny , in a fictionalized account of a real-life cross-dressing female pirate .'] ["English gentleman Rudolf Rassendyll  takes a fishing vacation in a small middle European country . While there, he is puzzled by the odd reactions of the natives to him. Rassendyll discovers why when he meets Colonel Zapt  and Captain Fritz von Tarlenheim . Zapt introduces him to the soon-to-be-crowned king, Rudolf V , who turns out to be not only his distant relative, but also his exact double. Rudolf is astounded and takes a great liking to the Englishman. They celebrate their acquaintance by drinking late into the night. Rudolf is particularly delighted with the bottle of wine sent to him by his half-brother, Duke Michael , so much so that he drinks it all himself. The next morning brings a disastrous discovery: the wine was drugged. Rudolf cannot be awakened, and if he cannot attend his coronation that day, Michael will try to usurp the throne. Zapt convinces a reluctant Rassendyll to impersonate Rudolf for the solemn ceremony. Rassendyll meets Rudolf's betrothed, Princess Flavia . She had always detested her cousin Rudolf, but now finds him greatly changed – for the better in her opinion. As they spend time together, they fall in love. With the coronation a success, Rassendyll returns to switch places with his distant cousin, only to find the new king has been found and kidnapped by Rupert of Hentzau , Michael's charmingly amoral henchman. Rassendyll is forced to continue the impersonation while Zapt tries to locate Rudolf. Help comes from an unexpected quarter. To be king, Michael must marry his cousin Flavia. Antoinette de Mauban , Michael's jealous French mistress, reveals that the king is being held in Michael's castle near Zenda and promises to help rescue him. Since Rudolf would be killed at the first sign of a rescue attempt, she proposes that one man swim the moat and hold off his would-be assassins while loyal troops storm the castle. Rassendyll decides that he is that man, over Zapt's strenuous objections. Their carefully laid plans go awry when Michael finds Rupert trying to seduce his mistress. When Rupert kills him, a heartbroken Antoinette blurts out enough to alert Rupert to his danger. Rassendyll dispatches two guards, but must fight a prolonged duel with Rupert while at the same time trying to lower the drawbridge to let Zapt and his men in. When he finally succeeds, Rupert flees. Rudolf is restored to his throne. Rassendyll tries to persuade Flavia to leave with him, but her devotion to duty is too great, and their parting is bittersweet."] ['When Richard the Lionheart , the King of England, is taken captive by Leopold of Austria while returning from the Crusades, his brother John  takes power and proceeds to oppress the Saxon commoners. Prince John raises their taxes, supposedly to raise Richard\'s ransom, but in reality to secure his own position on the throne. One man stands in his way, the Saxon Robin, Earl of Locksley . He acquires a loyal follower when he saves Much  from being arrested by Sir Guy of Gisbourne  for poaching one of the king\'s deer. Robin goes alone to see Prince John at Gisbourne\'s castle and announces to John\'s assembled supporters and a contemptuous Maid Marian that he will do all in his power to oppose John and restore Richard to his rightful place. He then escapes, in spite of the efforts of John\'s men. His lands and title now forfeit, Robin takes refuge in Sherwood Forest with his friend Will Scarlet . There they meet Little John , whom Robin recruits after a bruising quarterstaff bout. Other men join their growing band. Later, Robin provokes Friar Tuck  into a swordfight, but then persuades the friar into joining him to provide spiritual guidance to the outlaws. Soon, Prince John and his Norman and Angevin cronies find themselves harassed beyond all bearing with many of their troops receiving instant deadly retribution for their abuses courtesy of the Merry Men\'s arrows. One day, Robin and his men capture a large party of Normans transporting taxes through Sherwood. Among Robin\'s "guests" are Gisbourne, the cowardly Sheriff of Nottingham , and Maid Marian. Robin and his men "liberate" the tax money, swearing to a man to contribute it towards King Richard\'s ransom. At first, Marian is disdainful of Robin and his "band of cut-throats", but becomes convinced of his good intentions. Eventually Robin lets the humiliated Gisbourne and sheriff go, telling them that they have Marian to thank for their lives. The Sheriff then comes up with a cunning scheme to capture Robin. He suggests to Prince John that he announce an archery tournament, with the grand prize a golden arrow to be presented by Maid Marian, knowing that Robin will be unable to resist the challenge. All goes as planned; Robin identifies himself by winning the competition and is taken prisoner. Gisbourne sentences him to be hanged. However, Marian warns Robin\'s men, and they manage to rescue him on his way to the gallows. Later, in the dark of night, Robin sneaks into the castle to thank her. Marian and Robin declare their love for each other. Meanwhile, King Richard returns to England disguised as a monk, but is recognized at an inn by the Bishop of the Black Canons  after he overhears one of Richard\'s men call him "sire". The traitorous bishop hurries to inform Prince John. Upon receiving the news, John and Gisbourne plot to dispose of Richard quietly before he can raise an army. Dickon Malbete , a disgraced former knight, is sent to assassinate him in return for the restoration of his rank and Robin\'s estate. Marian overhears them and writes a note warning Robin, but Gisbourne finds it and has her arrested and condemned to death for treason. Marian\'s nurse Bess  informs her boyfriend Much, who intercepts and kills Dickon after a desperate and almost fatal struggle. Richard and his escort travel to Sherwood Forest to find Robin. When Richard is certain of Robin\'s loyalty, he reveals his identity. Then they learn that John intends to have himself crowned king by the Bishop of the Black Canons in Nottingham the next day. Knowing that the castle is too strong to take by force, Robin decides to use guile, visiting the bishop and "persuading" him to include Robin and his men, in disguise, in his entourage. Through this ruse, they gain entry to the castle and interrupt John\'s coronation. A melee breaks out, during which Robin and Gisbourne engage in a prolonged swordfight. Gisbourne is finally slain, and Robin rescues Marian from her cell. Richard is restored to the throne; he exiles his brother, pardons the outlaws, returns Robin\'s earldom and \'orders\' him to marry Maid Marian. Robin exclaims, "May I obey all your commands with equal pleasure, sire!"'] ["In 17th-century Paris, a dashing swordsman named D'Artagnan finds himself at odds with the powerful forces taking over France. He sets out to avenge the murder of his parents and finds his country cleaved by chaos and civil unrest. His heart softens only for Francesca , a fiery peasant girl who claims D'Artagnan's heart on sight. D'Artagnan , after witnessing his unarmed parents slain by the evil Febre , grows up wanting to be a musketeer, one of King Louis XIII's loyal protectors. Upon arriving in Paris, however, he finds that the Musketeers have been disbanded by order of Cardinal Richelieu , who is usurping the king's authority with the help of his lethal henchman, Febre. Traveling to Paris, D'Artagnan verbally spars with witless quip-spouting musketeers Aramis , Athos  and Porthos . D'Artagnan heads off guarding the queen, who is traveling incognito as a commoner on her way to meet Lord Buckingham. The evil Febre, his leash held loosely by the evil Cardinal Richilieu , wants to kill the Queen  in order to sow unrest and war, which would create opportunities to profit, a war between France and England."] ['The film begins with King Philip II of Spain  declaring his intention to destroy England and after this "puny rockbound island as barren and treacherous as her Queen" is out of the way, he believes that world conquest will follow: he says his great wall map, one day, "will have ceased to be a map of the world; it will be Spain." He sends one of his courtiers, Don Alvarez , as his ambassador to allay the suspicions of Queen Elizabeth I  about the great armada he is building to invade England. In England, some of the Queen\'s ministers plead with her to build a fleet, which she hesitates to do in order to spare the purses of her subjects. The ambassador\'s ship is captured en route to England by the Albatross and her captain, Geoffery Thorpe . Don Alvarez and his niece, Dona Maria , are taken aboard and transported to England. Thorpe is immediately enchanted by Dona Maria and gallantly returns her plundered jewels. Her detestation of him softens as she too begins to fall in love. Don Alvarez is granted an audience with the Queen and complains about his treatment; Dona Maria is accepted as one of her maids of honour. The "Sea Hawks", a group of English privateers who loot Spanish ships for "reparations" appear before the Queen, who scolds them  for their piratical attacks and for endangering the peace with Spain. Captain Thorpe finally appears and proposes a plan to seize a large caravan of Spanish gold in the New World and bring it back to England. The Queen is wary of Spain\'s reaction, but allows Thorpe to proceed. Suspicious of Thorpe\'s expedition, Lord Wolfingham , one of the Queen\'s ministers , sends a spy to try to discover where the Albatross is really heading, but to no avail; the courtiers are told that Thorpe is going on a trading expedition up the Nile River in Egypt. Upon visiting the chartmaker responsible for the chart for Thorpe\'s next voyage, Don Alvarez and Lord Wolfingham determine that he is really sailing to the Isthmus of Panama and order Don Alvarez\'s Spanish captain to sail ahead to set up an ambush. When the Albatross reaches its destination, part of her crew seizes the caravan, but they fall into a well-laid trap and are driven into the swamps. Thorpe and a few others survive and return to their ship, only to find it in Spanish hands. Thorpe and his crew are returned to Spain, tried by the Inquisition, and sentenced to the galleys for the rest of their lives. In England, Don Alvarez informs the Queen of Thorpe\'s fate, causing his niece to faint. The Queen and Don Alvarez exchange heated words, and she expels him from her court. On the Spanish galley, Thorpe meets an Englishman named Abbott who was captured trying to uncover evidence of the Armada\'s true purpose. Through cunning, the prisoners take over the ship during the night. They board another ship in the same harbor, where an emissary has stored secret incriminating plans. Thorpe and his men capture both and sail back to England with the plans in hand. Upon reaching port, Thorpe tries to warn the Queen. A carriage bringing Don Alvarez to the ship which, unbeknownst to him, Thorpe had captured, also brings his niece. Don Alvarez boards the ship and is held prisoner, while Captain Thorpe, dressed in the uniform of a Spanish courtier, sneaks into the carriage carrying Dona Maria, who has decided to stay in England and wait for Thorpe\'s return. The two finally declare their love for each other, and Maria helps Thorpe in sneaking into the palace. However, Lord Wolfingham\'s spy, who had escorted the ambassador and his niece, spots Thorpe and alerts the castle guards to stop the carriage and take Thorpe prisoner. Thorpe escapes and enters the Queen\'s residence, fending off guards all the while. Eventually, Thorpe runs into Lord Wolfingham and kills the traitor in a sword fight. With Dona Maria\'s assistance, Thorpe reaches the Queen and provides proof of King Phillip\'s intentions. Elizabeth knights Captain Thorpe for his gallantry, with Dona Maria present, and declares her intention to build a great fleet to oppose the Spanish threat.'] ['In 1792, at the bloody height of the French Revolution\'s Reign of Terror, vengeful French mobs are outraged when again and again French aristocrats are saved from death by the audacious "Band of the Scarlet Pimpernel", a secret society of 20 English noblemen, "one to command, and nineteen to obey". Among the latest scheduled for execution are the Count de Tournay, former ambassador to Great Britain, and his family. However, one of the Scarlet Pimpernel\'s men visits them in prison disguised as a priest and gives them a message of hope. As the prisoners are being escorted to the cart to be taken to the guillotine, the guards take the count away; French leader Maximilien Robespierre wishes to question him further. The countess and her daughter are rescued and spirited away to England. Back in Paris, Robespierre meets with Chauvelin, the republic\'s new ambassador to Britain, to discuss the problem of the Scarlet Pimpernel. Summoning the Count de Tournay, they offer him his life in return for information from his English contacts as to the Pimpernel\'s true identity. The Scarlet Pimpernel is Sir Percy Blakeney, a wealthy English baronet and friend of the Prince of Wales. Sir Percy cultivates the image of a fop in order to throw off suspicion. His pose is so successful that not even his French wife Marguerite suspects the truth. Though the two are in love, Sir Percy no longer trusts his wife because of her past denunciation of the Marquis de St. Cyr, which led to the execution of the marquis and his family. Through his network of spies, Chauvelin discovers that Armand St. Just, Marguerite\'s brother, is one of the Scarlet Pimpernel\'s agents. Chauvelin orders Armand\'s arrest, then uses the threat of his execution to force Marguerite into helping him discover the identity of the Pimpernel, who he knows will be an upcoming ball. At the ball, Marguerite intercepts a message given to Sir Andrew Ffoulkes, a member of the Pimpernel\'s band, stating that the Pimpernel will be in the library at midnight. She passes the information along to Chauvelin, who goes to the library to find only Percy, apparently asleep. While waiting, Chauvelin falls asleep; when he wakes up, he finds a message from the Pimpernel mocking him. The next morning, Percy and Marguerite travel to their house in the country. There, Marguerite breaks down and tells her husband of Armand\'s arrest and her deal with Chauvelin. Confronting her, Percy learns the truth behind the denunciation of the marquis; he had her imprisoned for consorting with his son. After the revolution freed her, she told her friend Chauvelin, who was the one who denounced them. Promising to use his influence at court on Armand\'s behalf, Percy leaves for London. Afterward, Marguerite notices a detail on a portrait of the 1st baronet hanging in the library – on his finger is a ring decorated by a pimpernel. Realizing that she has inadvertently betrayed her own husband, she rushes out of the room, only to be presented a letter from Chauvelin announcing that he had discovered the Pimpernel\'s true identity as well. Racing back to London, she warns Ffoulkes that Percy\'s life is in danger. Ffoulkes agrees to mobilise the band to warn Percy. {{Quote box}} To lure Percy into his trap, Chauvelin has both Armand and the Count de Tournay transferred to Boulogne-sur-Mer. Despite the vigilance of Chauvelin\'s men, the Pimpernel frees the two men from prison through bribery. However, one of the prison guards tells Chauvelin that the Pimpernel will be at a certain tavern  that evening. Marguerite goes there to warn Percy, only to be arrested by Chauvelin and his troops. Percy arrives at the appointed time and is met by a gloating Chauvelin. Percy distracts him long enough for Armand and the count to board the ship, but as he prepares to leave, Chauvelin announces that he has Marguerite in custody. Percy surrenders on the condition that she be freed. He is led away by soldiers to be shot by a waiting firing squad. Chauvelin exults at the sound of gunfire, but Percy returns to the tavern very much alive, revealing that the men in uniform are in fact his. After securing Chauvelin in the basement, Percy joins his wife on the ship back to England.'] ['To control the oceans for E. I. Co., Lord Cutler Beckett executes anyone associated with piracy and uses Davy Jones to destroy all pirate ships on the seas. Condemned prisoners sing "Hoist the Colours" to prompt the nine pirate lords of the Brethren Court to convene at Shipwreck Cove; however, the late Captain Jack Sparrow, pirate lord of the Caribbean, never appointed a successor by passing on his piece of eight. Captain Barbossa leads Will, Elizabeth, Tia Dalma and the crew of the Black Pearl to rescue Jack from Davy Jones\'s Locker. Sao Feng, pirate lord of the South China Sea, possesses "The Navigation Charts", a map to the Locker where Jack is imprisoned. Will bargains with Feng for the Pearl in exchange for Sparrow, so Will can rescue his father from Davy Jones and The Flying Dutchman. Meanwhile, Davy Jones - under control of Lord Beckett  - destroys several pirate ships, leaving no survivors. Beckett confronts Jones with his decision to place the Chest of Davy Jones on board his ship The Flying Dutchman and post Marines to guard it under command of the very man who stole Jones\' heart, Admiral James Norrington. The crew meanwhile journeys into the Locker, retrieves Sparrow and the Pearl, but must find a way out. As the Pearl seeks an escape route, dead souls float past, including Elizabeth\'s father Weatherby Swann, murdered by Beckett. Tia Dalma reveals that Davy Jones was appointed by Calypso, his lover and goddess of the Sea, to ferry the dead to the next world; in return, Jones could step upon land for one day every ten years to be with his love. When she failed to meet him, he abandoned his duty and transformed into a monster, along with the rest of his crew. Jack then finds a means of escape encoded in the "Navigation Chart". On returning to the living world, the Pearl is ambushed by Sao Feng, who reveals his agreement with Will. Feng betrays Will, handing over the crew to Beckett in exchange for the Pearl. Beckett takes Sparrow aboard his flagship, the Endeavour, but Jack refuses to divulge where the Brethren Court will convene. Jack offers to lure the Court out, in exchange for Beckett\'s protecting him from Jones. Feng then bargains with Barbossa to release the Pearl in exchange for Elizabeth, whom he believes is Calypso in human form. Feng\'s ship, The Empress, leaves with Elizabeth, and the Pearl launches a running broadside against the Endeavour, allowing Jack to escape back to the Pearl, though not before damaging the Endeavour\'s mainmast and delaying Beckett for several hours. Feng tells Elizabeth that the first Brethren Court trapped Calypso in human form so men could rule the oceans with ease. When Davy Jones attacks Feng\'s ship, the mortally wounded Feng appoints Elizabeth his successor, then she and the crew are imprisoned in the Flying Dutchmans brig. Bootstrap Bill Turner  tells Elizabeth that whoever stabs Davy Jones\' heart becomes the next captain of the Dutchman. Admiral Norrington, regretting betraying the crew of the Pearl and disgusted at Beckett\'s behavior, frees Elizabeth and her crew. They escape to their ship, but Norrington is killed by a crazed Bootstrap Bill. Will leaves a trail of floating corpses for Beckett\'s ship to follow. Jack catches Will in the act, though reveals it was part of his plan. Jack suggests he stab the heart to solve Will\'s conflicting obligations to his father and to Elizabeth, then forces Will overboard after giving him his compass  so as to allow Beckett can find Shipwreck Cove. Will is rescued by the Endeavour, and Davy Jones reveals to him that he masterminded Calypso\'s imprisonment at the First Brethren Court. At Shipwreck Cove, the pirate lords present their nine "pieces of eight", but disagree over Barbossa\'s proposal to free Calypso. Meanwhile on the Pearl Tia Dalma  plays her music box, then hears another, which is revealed to belong to Jones. Jones asks why she left him, to which she replies "It is my nature". He reveals the pirates plans to free her. Calypso declares that she will only let them free her so she can take revenge for her imprisonment, allowing Beckett to succeed and she and Jones to be together. Back at Shipwreck Cove, Barbossa calls upon Captain Teague, Jack\'s father and Keeper of the Pirate\'s Code, to confirm that only an elected \'Pirate King\' can declare war. There have been no Pirate Kings since the first Court because the Pirate Lords always vote for themselves, and no Lord has ever had a plurality. Jack calls for a vote, the first eight Lords vote for themselves, and Jack breaks the stalemate by voting for Elizabeth. She is now "king", and she favors a war. The pirates prepare for battle, but Barbossa quietly takes the pieces of eight for himself. The next day, during a parley with Beckett and Jones, Elizabeth swaps Sparrow for Will after realizing Jack and Will have planned to have Jack stab the heart; this places Jack on the Dutchman with the heart, however, he is at first stuck in the brig, to Jones\' delight. Elizabeth is still determined to fight, despite the fact that the armada outnumbers the pirate fleet by over a hundred to one, not including the considerable advantage provided by the Dutchman. Barbossa steals Jack\'s and Elizabeth\'s "pieces of eight" and uses it and its counterparts to free Calypso from human form. As she transforms, Will knows that she will not bring them favor, and discloses that Davy Jones betrayed her to the Brethren Court. Barbossa prays for her help, but Calypso\'s fury unleashes a violent storm and a maelstrom, in which The East India Company and the Brethren Court will battle, but only the Dutchman and the Pearl can participate due to their ethereal nature . Sparrow escapes the Dutchmans brig and steals the Dead Man\'s Chest, which leads to a duel with an irate Jones, during which his sword is shattered. In the heat of battle Will proposes to Elizabeth, who accepts, and during the fighting Captain Barbossa marries them. Will and Elizabeth board the Dutchman to retrieve the chest, but Jones defeats both before being confronted by Jack, whose has acquired both the key and the chest and threatened to stab the heart. Jones, in a moment of spite, thrusts his sword through Will\'s chest. This breaks the hold the Dutchman has on Bootstrap Bill\'s mind, and attacks Jones in a rage. Sparrow places his broken sword in Will\'s hand forces him to stab it. Jones spasms, turns, sees the pierced heart and falls into the maelstrom, uttering Calypso\'s name for the last time. Jack and Elizabeth escape the Dutchman and its crew, along with Will, is pulled under. While Elizabeth is devastated, Jack orders the Pearl to weigh anchor, obstinately to show his fulfillment of the deal he made with Beckett. Having lost the Dutchman and Jack still a dangerous liability, Beckett moves to attack the Pearl, justifying it as "just good business". The storm and maelstrom have ceased, but the Dutchman resurfaces with Will as the captain and the crew restored to human form. Bootstrap had removed Will\'s heart and put it in the Chest. The Dutchman and the Pearl turn about and attack the Endeavour, annihilating the ship and a shattered Beckett; with no leader and facing two seemingly invincible ships, the armada retreats. Will is bound to sail the sea as the Dutchmans captain, ferrying the dead. Elizabeth bids Jack, Barbossa and the crew farewell; then she and Will have one day together. He departs after giving Elizabeth the Dead Man\'s Chest. Jack and Gibbs find themselves stranded in Tortuga: Barbossa has commandeered the Pearl in order to find the Fountain of Youth, only to discover Jack had already cut out the middle of the map as insurance. The film ends with Jack sailing from Tortuga in a dingy to find the Fountain. In a post-credits scene set ten years later, Elizabeth and her son  watch from a seacliff as the Dutchman appears with Will Turner aboard, anticipating "one day on land" to spend with Elizabeth. While unclear in the film, the writers of the film stated in blog posts and in video commentary that as Elizabeth stayed faithful to Will unlike Calypso, Will is actually released from his duty on the Flying Dutchman and is free to live out his days on land{{Citation needed}}'] ['In 1699, William Kidd , a ruthless pirate who has recently captured the ship The Twelve Apostles and killed its crew, presents himself at the court of King William III  as an honest shipmaster seeking royal backing. With this backing, he recruits a crew from the inmates of Newgate and Marshalsea prisons, promising them a royal pardon at the end of their voyage. Among the new recruits is the quarrelsome, though cultured Adam Mercy , whom Kidd makes his new master gunner because of his claimed prior service with a famous pirate. The king sends Kidd to the waters near Madagascar to rendezvous with the ship Quedagh Merchant and provide an escort back to England. The Quedagh Merchant carries Lord Fallsworth , the king\'s ambassador to the Grand Mughal, his daughter Lady Anne Dunstan , and a chest of treasure - a present from the Indian potentate to King William. Kidd\'s murderous plan quickly unfolds. His story about a pirate he fought recently in the waters nearby persuades Lord Fallsworth to switch ships with his daughter and the precious cargo. Meanwhile, Kidd\'s confederate Jose Lorenzo  lights a candle in the ship\'s magazine. Just as the transfer takes place, the Quedagh Merchant blows up. Kidd also arranges a fatal "accident" for Lord Fallsworth, leaving only a frightened Lady Anne. She turns to the only man she thinks she can trust, Shadwell , Kidd\'s servant. When she mentions in passing the recent battle with pirates, the honest Shadwell tells her it never happened. He advises the woman to put her faith in Adam Mercy. On the voyage home, Kidd schemes to rid himself of his three close associates  and Mercy, whom he rightly suspects. Mercy is really the vengeance-seeking son of Lord Blayne, the unfortunate captain of The Twelve Apostles. When a smitten Lorenzo tries to force himself on Lady Anne, Kidd is delighted when Mercy engages him in a sword fight. Lorenzo is driven overboard to drown. However, during the fight, Mercy\'s medallion is torn from his neck. Kidd finds it and recognizes the Blayne family crest. Kidd drops anchor at a lagoon. He, Orange Povey , his only surviving confederate , and Mercy go ashore and dig up a chest. When Mercy realizes it is the loot from The Twelve Apostles, with the Blayne crest, a fight breaks out. Outnumbered, Mercy is knocked unconscious, falls into the water, and does not resurface. However, he is not dead. He swims secretly back to the ship. Mercy and a loyal crewman row Lady Anne away in a longboat, but are spotted. Despite Shadwell\'s heroic, if fatal, attempt to interfere, the boat is blown up. Believing himself safe, Kidd appears before King William with his treasure and claims his reward . However, Mercy and Lady Anne have survived and preceded him to court. The king\'s men have found the booty looted from The Twelve Apostles after searching Kidd\'s cabin. Kidd is tried, condemned, and hanged. The film contains much historically incorrect material, including a London scene showing Tower Bridge - two hundred years before it was built.'] ['{{Plot}} In 1625 France, following in his late father\'s footsteps, d\'Artagnan  sets off to Paris in hopes of becoming a member of the Musketeers, a band of men sworn to serve and protect the King of France. d\'Artagnan is pursued by Gérard and his brothers, who accuse him of blemishing their sister\'s honor. Gérard saw his sister kissing d\'Artagnan goodbye or as d\'Artagnan put it "she wanted to give me something to remember her by!". At Musketeer Headquarters, Captain Rochefort  and the cardinal\'s guards have disbanded the musketeers as per the orders of Cardinal Richelieu , the King\'s minister, ostensibly to help fight in an impending war with England. Rochefort confides to the Cardinal that there are three musketeers that have refused to relinquish their duties: Athos , Porthos , and Aramis . Upon reaching Paris, the headstrong d\'Artagnan has a series of chance physical encounters with these same three musketeers, resulting in d\'Artagnan accepting a duel with each one that very day. d\'Artagnan arrives at the Ruins for his first duel and, much to his surprise, Athos, Porthos and Aramis reveal themselves as musketeers. But before the duels can commence, the captain of the cardinal\'s guard appears with orders to arrest the resistant musketeers. Although d\'Artagnan himself is not under arrest, he joins the three musketeers in the ensuing skirmish, implicating himself with them. Displeased  by d\'Artagnan\'s involvement, the three musketeers leave d\'Artagnan behind. More of the Cardinal\'s guards, led by Rochefort, arrive and d\'Artagnan is captured. During an escape attempt, d\'Artagnan is able to eavesdrop on a conversation between Cardinal Richelieu and Milady de Winter , as the cardinal asks that she deliver a signed treaty to the Duke of Buckingham of England. Before he can get a view of the cardinal\'s spy, d\'Artagnan is caught at the doorway by Rochefort, interrogated by the Cardinal, and ultimately sent for execution the next morning. At the execution, d\'Artagnan is saved by Porthos and Aramis, and the three make a getaway in the Cardinal\'s personal coach, driven by Athos. While d\'Artagnan reveals Richelieu\'s plans, the three musketeers decide to intercept Richelieu\'s spy to prove that the Cardinal is guilty of treason. That night d\'Artagnan and the three musketeers stop at an inn to rest. Athos tells the story of a count that fell in love with a beautiful woman, but upon discovering that she was branded for execution, betrayed her by giving her up to the authorities. The party decides to split up during a skirmish. Athos sends d\'Artagnan to ride ahead and intercept the cardinal\'s spy and the treaty, but d\'Artagnan passes out from exhaustion in the middle of the road. When he wakes up, he finds he is stripped of his weapons and clothes and Milady de Winter is there to rouse and seduce him. Not knowing who the spy is, d\'Artagnan tells her of his plans, whereupon she tries to kill him. Instead, d\'Artagnan convinces her to keep him alive. When Milady de Winter\'s party tries to escape by boat to England, they find that the crew has been killed by Porthos and Aramis, and another skirmish ensues. Milady attempts to run away, but is confronted by the newly arrived Athos, who recognizes her and calls her Sabine. He is astonished to see her, as he thought she was dead. It is revealed that he was the count of his story and that Sabine was the wife he betrayed. Milady de Winter is then apprehended by her former brother-in-law, as Sabine is responsible for killing her husband, Lord de Winter, and sentenced to death by execution. The three musketeers retrieve the treaty and learn that the Cardinal is planning something on King Louis\' birthday, though it does not specify what in the treaty. Athos attempts to learn what it is by visiting Sabine in her cell. She asks if he can stop her execution tomorrow. Athos cannot and Sabine does not reveal what the Cardinal\'s plan is. During the execution, just as Sabine is lowering her head for the executioner, Athos stops him and begs forgiveness from Sabine for his betrayal. She accepts and whispers to Athos Richelieu\'s plans to assassinate King Louis before jumping off a cliff to her death. After learning of the Cardinal\'s plan, the three musketeers set out to re-band the rest of the musketeers, in secret, for the king\'s birthday celebration. Richelieu and Rochefort hire a sharpshooter to assassinate the king. During the assembly, d\'Artagnan is able to stop the sniper from killing the king, but the shot narrowly misses its target and the Cardinal blames the musketeers in the crowd for the attempted assassination. Athos, Porthos and Aramis drop their cloaks to show their musketeer tunics and face the Cardinal\'s guards. Meanwhile, men from the crowd rush to their sides and reveal that they are musketeers. A battle between the musketeers and the Cardinal\'s guards engulfs the palace. Richelieu takes the king and queen as hostages and tries to take them to the dungeon below. Aramis confronts the Cardinal to stop him, but Richelieu shoots him in the chest with a pistol and makes his way into the passage to the dungeon. Athos duels Rochefort and d\'Artagnan interrupts the battle to fight Rochefort himself. During d\'Artagnan\'s duel, Rochefort reveals that he was the one that murdered d\'Artagnan\'s father, and d\'Artagnan, from anger, renews his efforts to kill him. Rochefort fights back and is able to disarm d\'Artagnan. Just as Rochefort is about to deal d\'Artagnan the final blow, d\'Artagnan\'s sword is jettisoned back to him and Rochefort is killed before he can strike. d\'Artagnan has finally avenged his father\'s death. Constance, on the stairs, slides the sword away and puts her hands in his, smiling. Athos joins Porthos, who is at the unconscious Aramis\' side, and as they search for his wound, Aramis suddenly wakes, and it is revealed that the bullet was stopped by the huge cross that Aramis wears. They follow Richelieu into the dungeons and split up to stop him from killing the king and queen. In the dungeon, Porthos is confronted by the brutal jailer but after a brief fight, manages to defeat him. Afterwards, Athos and Porthos just miss the Cardinal as his boat starts on the underground river. Athos says that they have proof of Richelieu\'s treason, but Richelieu does not seem to care. The boatman then casts off his cloak and the Cardinal is astonished to see that it is Aramis. Aramis attempts to apprehend the Cardinal, but King Louis stops him and punches Richelieu, knocking him in to the river. It is the last time Richelieu appears in the film. The musketeers are reinstated by the king. Accompanied by Athos, Aramis, and Porthos, d\'Artagnan is honored in a ceremony. King Louis makes him a musketeer. Constance, who has remained by the queen\'s side, runs to him and gives him a passionate kiss, impressing both Aramis and Porthos. Outside Musketeer Headquarters, Gérard and his brothers once again challenge d\'Artagnan to an immediate duel. d\'Artagnan tells his new friends that he will take care of this problem and Porthos stops him from continuing, stating that in addition to protecting King and country, musketeers protect each other. d\'Artagnan calls out, "All for one..." and the rest of the musketeers shout out, "One for all!" The scene ends with Gérard and his brothers being chased by the entire division of musketeers.'] ["In the 1979 version, the old King, Rudolf IV , dies in a balloon accident upon the celebration of his seventieth birthday. In order to secure the throne, General Sapt and his nephew Fritz travel to London, where the king's son, Rudolf V , resides and lives through the day in London's pleasure establishments; but the King's demented half-brother Michael , thinking that he is the better claimant, sends an assassin after them. Hansom cab driver Sydney  Frewin , the King's bastard half-brother from an affair with a British actress, rescues Rudolf from an assassination attempt. Once his resemblance to the King is noticed, the General engages him ostensibly as the King's coachman, but actually Frewin is to fulfil the role of a decoy. The ruse is quickly uncovered, however, when during an attack by Michael's men the royal guardsmen address Frewin as their new king, and the two look-alikes get acquainted. In an unattended moment, Rudolf is captured and brought to Michael's castle of Zenda. Out of necessity, Frewin has to play the role of the king for the coronation ceremony. Princess Flavia, Rudolf's fiancée , is perceptive enough to see through the ruse, and after Frewin and the General have confided in her, she quickly becomes Frewin's trusted ally and love interest. Complicating the scheme on Frewin's side is a jealous Count whose wife  has become infatuated with Rudolf, and on Michael's side by his mistress, Antoinette, who is wildly jealous about the prospect of Michael marrying Flavia and in turn is the love interest of the slightly unbalanced Rupert von Henzau, Michael's second-in-command. After several assassination attempts, Michael attempts to lure Frewin into a trap. While the trap fails, Frewin, acting as Henzau's coach driver, is recognized and captured upon arrival in Zenda. Frewin and Rudolf escape with Antoinette's and Henzau's help, and Frewin succeeds to the throne, enabling him to marry the Princess Flavia and leaving the now former King, masquerading as Frewin, free to pursue his interests in the Countess and the London gambling tables."] ["Robin McAllister  and his family win the lottery and they end up moving from Kansas City to Seattle where Robin attends Locksley Academy, a wealthy private school. While there Robin comes up with a plan to help one of his friends who was hurt and needs money for an operation by robbing from John Prince Sr., the head of a very wealthy corporation. Robin becomes friends with a couple of misfits at school named Will Scarlett  and Little John  and also falls for a girl named Marian  who helps train the horses that Robin's family has. While helping out his friends Robin becomes an enemy of John Prince Jr. , the big shot rich kid at school and his friends Warner and Gibson who are also the sons of rich parents. Then Robin goes to join the archery team but is not allowed to because of John Prince Jr. so he starts his own team and his 2 friends join and learn from Robin. McAllister has to outsmart FBI agent Walter Nottingham and help take down the richest kids in the school during the rest of the movie."] [" In seventeenth century England, Irish Dr. Peter Blood  is summoned to aid Lord Gildoy, a wounded patron who had participated in the Monmouth Rebellion. Arrested while performing his duties as a physician, he is convicted of treason against the King and sentenced to death by the infamous Judge Jeffreys in the Bloody Assizes, but by the whim of King James II , Peter Blood and the surviving rebels are transported to the West Indies to be sold into slavery. In the English colony of Port Royal, Peter Blood is purchased by Arabella Bishop , the beautiful niece of the local military commander Colonel Bishop. Arabella, attracted by Blood's rebellious nature, does her best to improve his chances of living by recommending him as the personal physician of the local governor, who is suffering from a gouty foot. Outwardly resentful towards Arabella for trying to do him favors, but on the inside silently appreciative for her support, Blood nevertheless continues to hatch a plan of escape for himself and his fellow slaves. The plan is almost foiled when Bishop gets suspicious and has one of the men flogged in an attempt to make him talk, and Blood is spared a similar fate when a Spanish squadron attacks the town, During the raid, Blood and his fellow slaves escape, seize control of the Spanish raiders' ship and sail away to begin a life of piracy, in which Blood soon achieves incredible success and fame. When the old governor is unable to contain the pirate menace, Colonel Bishop is promoted to his post, and Arabella is sent to England for a recreational sojourn. Some years later, whilst travelling back to the Caribbean, the ship on which Arabella and royal emissary Lord Willoughby  are travelling is captured by Blood's treacherous partner, Captain Levasseur  and the two personages held for ransom. Blood purchases them himself, relishing the opportunity to turn the tables on his former owner, but Levasseur objects vehemently and is killed in the ensuing duel. Blood decides to take Arabella and Lord Willoughby to the safety of Port Royal. As they approach the port, they sight two French warships attacking the colony. Bishop and his men are nowhere to be found, since Bishop has deserted his post in his single-minded hunt throughout the Caribbean for Blood. Willoughby pleads with Blood to save the colony, but the captain and his crew to a man refuse to fight for James II of England. However, when Willoughby reveals that James II has since been deposed in the Glorious Revolution and that Willoughby has been sent by the new king, William of Orange, to offer a full pardon, emancipation, and a commission with the Royal Navy to Blood and his men, they joyfully change their minds at this good news and prepare for battle. After setting Arabella ashore, they approach the harbor disguised under French colors and save the colony in a pitched battle. As a reward, Blood is appointed the new governor of the colony and has the pleasure to deal with his hostile predecessor, now in serious trouble for dereliction of duty, and finally wins the hand and heart of Arabella."] ['The film follows Edward Maynard , who sets out to earn a reward by proving that privateer Henry Morgan  also engages in piracy. Maynard, however, winds up posing as a surgeon on a ship captained by Blackbeard , who is in the middle of a conflict with Morgan. Blackbeard must deal with Morgan, Maynard, and even his own greedy crew.'] ['The film is based on the story The Curse of Capistrano written by Johnston McCulley, originally published in 1919, which introduced the masked hero Zorro. The story is set in Southern California during the early 19th century. The plot deals with Don Diego Vega , the apparently foppish son of wealthy ranchero Don Alejandro Vega , who returns to California after his education in Spain. He is horrified at the way the common people are mistreated by alcalde Luis Quintero . Don Diego adopts the guise of El Zorro , a masked outlaw who becomes the defender of the common people. Meanwhile, he romances the Alcalde\'s beautiful niece, Lolita . He simultaneously flirts with the Alcalde\'s wife Inez , filling her head with tales of Madrid fashion and culture and raising her desire to move there with her corrupt husband. In both his guises, Don Diego has to contend with the governor\'s ablest henchman, the malevolent Captain Pasquale . The film features a climactic duel between Zorro and Pasquale. Rathbone was known already in Hollywood as an outstanding classical fencer, but Power\'s own excellent skills are displayed here for the first time. The duel is ornate and full of subtlety, as opposed to Rathbone\'s duel with Errol Flynn in The Adventures of Robin Hood, and the duel in The Mark of Zorro is considered by many movie buffs{{weasel-inline}} Staged by Hollywood\'s resident fencing master Fred Cavens and atmospherically shot by cinematographer Arthur Miller and director Rouben Mamoulian, the scene takes place in a single room and forces actors to fight rather than jump around in the scenery. In key shots, Cavens\' son, Albert, doubles for Power . Scenes of fast fencing were undercranked to 18-20 frames per second, requiring that all the sound for the scene be post-synchronized. Rathbone suffered two scratches on his forehead during its filming, and later said of Power, "He could fence Errol Flynn into a cocked hat."'] ["In the 18th century, Louis Dominique Bourguignon is working with Malichot's gang, but their ways are too 'unethical' for him. He hides out from Malichot and joins the army, where he and his two new friends survive by hiding out on the battlefield. Together they rob the general of his gold. Fleeing, they stop at an inn where they meet Venus, a beautiful gypsy who has been taken prisoner. He rescues her and she joins his gang. Returning to Paris, de Bourguignon creates his own band, acting under the name of Cartouche, and most of Malichot's gang join him. They make audacious robberies of the rich people, and distribute the takings with the poor. Thus, Cartouche attracts the people's sympathies, Venus's love, and hate from the Police and Malichot. Malichot goes to the police to betray Cartouche, but Cartouche can escape all the traps they set at him - except the entrapments of love. Eventually, the police use this against him and set a trap while he has a tryst with Venus in the countryside. He is captured, but his men ambush the guards as they lead him away. In the scuffle that follows, Cartouche is saved by Venus, who sacrifices her life to save him from harm. Cartouche and his men place Venus's body in an expensive carriage they stole earlier from a nobleman and roll the carriage in a lake. As the carriage slowly sinks Cartouche tells his men to disperse as he vows to avenge the death of his beloved Venus - a way that he anticipates will lead him sooner or later to the gallows."] ["In Tudor England, two boys are born on the same day in the most different circumstances imaginable. Tom  is the son of vicious criminal John Canty , while Edward  is a prince and the heir of King Henry VIII of England . One grows up in poverty, hungering for something better for himself and his family, the other in isolated luxury, with a strong curiosity about the outside world. When they are youngsters, they meet and are astounded by their striking resemblance to each other. As a prank, they exchange clothes, but the Captain of the Guard  mistakes the prince for the pauper and throws him out of the palace grounds. Tom is unable to convince anybody except for the Earl of Hertford  of his identity. Everyone else is convinced that he is mentally ill. When Henry VIII dies, Hertford threatens to expose Tom unless he does as he is told. Hertford also blackmails the Captain into searching for the real prince to eliminate the dangerous loose end. Meanwhile, Edward finds an amused, if disbelieving protector in Miles Hendon . An attempt to assassinate the boy on the instigation of the Earl of Hertford, who fears for his power if the real king lives, changes Hendon's opinion of Edward's story. With Hendon's help, Edward manages to re-enter the palace just in time to interrupt the coronation ceremony and prove his identity. Tom is made a ward of the new king, Hertford is banished for life, and Hendon is rewarded for his services."] ['In the Caribbean, late in the 18th century, Captain Vallo , a pirate known as "The Crimson Pirate", and his crew capture a ship of the King\'s navy. The ship is carrying Baron Gruda , the special envoy to the King, who is on his way to the Island of Cobra to help crush a rebellion by rebels opposed to the King\'s rule. Vallo proposes to make money by selling the weapons on the ship to El Libre, the leader of the rebels. Baron Gruda then proposes to pay Vallo money if he can capture El Libre and bring him to him. Vallo accepts and Baron Gruda and his crew are released, Vallo keeping their ship and releasing Gruda and his men onto his own. While some of the pirates complain that this is not pirate business, they soon come around when they find out the amount of money to be made. Vallo and his crew sail to Cobra, where Vallo and his lieutenant, Ojo , go ashore to meet the rebels. They eventually meet the rebels who are led by Pablo Murphy ([[Noel Purcell  and Consuelo , where they learn that El Libre has been captured and is in a military prison on the island of San Pero. The meeting is interrupted when they are discovered by the King\'s guards. Consuelo leads Vallo and Ojo to safety, then they all go to the ship. Vallo tells the crew he will rescue El Libre, though Consuelo only believes Vallo is interested in selling weapons to him. She promises him he will get the money. Consuelo also tells Vallo El Libre is her father. They sail to San Pero. Vallo, dressing in the clothes left on board the ship, pretends to be Baron Gruda and goes to a dinner held in honour of Gruda by the Colonel of the garrison . The Colonel shows Vallo El Libre  and another captured rebel, Professor Elihu Prudence ([[James Hayter . Vallo orders the prisoners to be released into his custody and leaves with them. They all go to the ship which then leaves for Cobra. Consuelo is grateful to Vallo for rescuing her father but is distraught to find out that Vallo intends to sell her, El Libre, and the Professor to Baron Gruda. Ojo suggests to Vallo that he is in love with Consuelo. Vallo denies this but decides to release them instead of selling them to Gruda. Consuelo begs Vallo to come with them but he refuses. Unknown to Vallo, his first mate, Humble Bellows , overhears them. Bellows plots against Vallo, sending one of the pirates ashore with a message for Gruda. Vallo lets El Libre and Consuelo go first, but the King\'s guards are waiting. El Libre is killed and Consuelo is captured. The pirates mutiny and Humble Bellows is elected Captain. Baron Gruda promises Bellows money for dealing with Vallo. Vallo, Ojo, and the Professor are cast adrift in a boat to die. Gruda proposes a toast, giving the pirates a barrel of rum. Unknown to the pirates, the rum is drugged and when they fall asleep, they are captured, transferred back to Vallo\'s ship, and held prisoners for Gruda to sell them to the King. Baron Gruda tells Consuelo that she will marry Herman , the Governor of Cobra, or he will kill the people of Cobra. Consuelo agrees, Gruda then announcing the date of the wedding and forcing the people to attend. Meanwhile, Vallo, Ojo, and the Professor manage to escape back to Cobra where they find out about the wedding. Vallo intends to rescue Consuelo but the Professor tells him he needs the help of the people. Vallo agrees, and along with the Professor builds weapons and trains the people how to use them. They make nitroglycerin bombs, tanks, flamethrowers, and a hot air balloon. On the day of the wedding, the people revolt before the ceremony and overthrow the guards. Baron Gruda manages to escape to his ship, taking Consuelo with him. Vallo and Ojo go after them, taking the hot air balloon. They spot their ship, climb down to it, and release the pirates. They then go after Gruda\'s ship. When they get close to the ship, Vallo orders the pirates below deck, making Gruda think they are about to launch a broadside. They sneak out the back of the ship, and swim underwater to Gruda\'s ship. A repentant Humble Bellows stays behind to keep the ship on course, presumably sacrificing himself. Gruda launches a broadside against Vallo\'s ship, destroying it. Vallo and the pirates then board Gruda\'s ship and fight with Gruda and his guards. The guards are defeated and Gruda is killed. Vallo and Consuelo embrace.'] 