['Dar, the Beastmaster , is back and now he has to deal with his half-brother, Arklon , and a sorceress named Lyranna  who have escaped to present day Los Angeles. Despite the name, the movie is not about traveling through a time portal, but traveling through a portal to a parallel universe that 1991 Earth exists in. Dar must follow them through the portal and stop them from obtaining a neutron bomb. During his visit, Dar meets a rich girl named Jackie Trent  and they become friends.'] ["Akronas has discovered the Geometric Nucleus during the course of his research. The Nucleus is a device of incredible power that could be a terrible weapon. Akronas feels that the Nucleus must be kept from evil men at all costs. When he learns that the evil Zor and his army are approaching his castle, he asks his daughter Mila to bring his former student Ator back to help defeat Zor. Mila runs away to find Ator. Zor's soldiers enter and begin beating Akronas, but Zor angrily sends them away to maintain the image of a man who would only use violence if needed. Mila is pursued by Zor's soldiers, and is wounded by them, but continues to stagger towards Ator's home. At last she arrives, and Ator uses his medical knowledge to heal her wound. She then is able to convince him she is the daughter of Akronas, and that her father is in terrible danger. Mila, Ator, and Ator's Asian assistant Thong  begin the journey back to Akronas' castle, facing a variety of dangers along the way, including a group of cannibals, another group determined to sacrifice them to their god — which is a huge snake — and other soldiers. Finally they make it back to the castle. While Mila and Thong sneak in the back way, Ator uses his knowledge of flight to quickly make a hang glider, which he flies over the castle , dropping bombs on Zor's soldiers. Having defeated most of Zor's forces, Ator takes on Zor himself and defeats him. Akronas convinces Ator to let Zor live to face trial, but when Ator steps away, Zor grabs a sword to threaten Ator, and Zor is killed by Thong. Afterwards, Akronas gives the Geometric Nucleus to Ator. Ator tells Mila he has to leave, that his life is too dangerous to share with her. Mila says that she knows Ator must fight evil where ever it occurs. Ator leaves Thong behind to help take care of Mila and Akronas, and leaves. He takes the Nucleus to a distant land, where he destroys it in a massive nuclear detonation."] ['Red Sonja  is visited by a spirit who grants her the strength to seek her revenge against Queen Gedren . In a flashback scene, Gedren murders Red Sonja\'s brother and parents after Sonja rejects the queen\'s sexual advances, and Sonja is raped by Gedren\'s troops. Later, Gedren\'s army and her aide-de-camp Ikol  attack a temple full of white-robed priestesses, who are preparing to destroy a large, glowing green orb called the Talisman, used by the Creator to forge the world. This dangerous artifact\'s destructive power is growing, and the priestesses intend to destroy it before it gets out of control and destroys the world. Only the priestess Varna  manages to escape and she is mortally injured. Varna encounters Lord Kalidor  and begs him to help her find her sister, Red Sonja. Kalidor finds Sonja and tells her that her sister is dying. Before dying, Varna tells Sonja what happened at the temple, and urges her to find the Talisman and destroy it. Sonja begins a journey to Berkubane, Gedren\'s Kingdom of Eternal Night. Sonja sees a storm in the distance, indicating that someone is using the Talisman. Kalidor offers to help her, but Sonja rejects his offer and rides to the now-ruined kingdom of Hablock. There she meets the young Prince Tarn  and his servant, Falkon . They tell her that Gedren wiped out Hablock and its army with the Talisman because Tarn refused to surrender. Tarn announces that he is raising a new army to crush Gedren and invites Sonja to work for him as a cook. She declines and goes her own way. Sonja kills Lord Brytag  after he refuses her passage through the mountain passes. His troops surround Sonja, and Kalidor, who has secretly been following her, attacks their rear, allowing Sonja to escape. Sonja comes across Tarn and Falkon in the mountains. Tarn is being tortured by bandits. Falkon rejoins Sonja to help her kill the brigands and free the prince. They travel onward toward Berkubane. At Castle Berkubane, Gedren and Ikol watch Sonja and her party approaching on a magic screen. Gedren recognizes Sonja and orders that she be brought back to the fortress unharmed. She and Ikol use the Talisman to conjure up a storm, forcing Sonja\'s band to take shelter in a watery cavern. Gedren unleashes an "Icthyan Killing Machine" in the cavern. Kalidor reappears, and helps Sonja blind the beast. Sonja now accepts Kalidor\'s company, but also warns him that "no man can have her" unless he can defeat her in a swordfight. Kalidor challenges her and they fight to a draw. Kalidor, Sonja and Falkon then infiltrate Castle Berkubane. To protect Tarn, they convince him to stay behind in order to prevent Gedren from escaping. Sonja confronts Gedren, while Kalidor and Falkon deal with her guards in the castle\'s dining hall. Ikol tries to escape with gold looted from Hablock, but is stopped by Prince Tarn, who accidentally kills him. The Talisman, which Gedren has placed in a Chamber of Lights, is becoming too powerful to control. Its power breaks the floor open, revealing a chasm of molten lava beneath the castle. Sonja and Gedren fight in the Chamber, and Gedren falls into the chasm. Sonja throws the Talisman in after her, destroying it and starting a chain reaction that tears Castle Berkubane apart. The heroes manage to escape just before the castle is consumed by the rising volcano. Sonja and Kalidor kiss. Prince Tarn and Falkon look on before departing.'] [' The Empire of Izmer has long been a divided land, ruled by the Mages, an elite group of magic users, who oppress the lower Commoners. The antagonist of the film, an evil mage named Profion  creates a sceptre that allows him to control Gold Dragons. He tries it out on a golden dragon, but the dragon breaks the spell on the sceptre, and starts killing Profion\'s minions. Profion kills the dragon, which bleeds into the river, causing it to catch fire. Many of the inhabitants notice, entering the protagonists of the film, a pair of thieves named Ridley  and Snails . They conspire to break into the Magic School, the elite learning place of the Mages, and steal magic items. Later, Profion and the Council talk about the controversial views of Empress Savina ; who wants to stop Profion and free the commoners, who are non-magic users. Meanwhile, Ridley and Snails break into the magic school and begin to steal magical items, but are caught by a young mage named Marina , who casts a spell on them which ties them together with an invisible rope. She gets distracted, and pulls Ridley and Snails along with her when the Library wizard is held hostage and interrogated by Profion\'s henchman, Damodar , for info on where to find a map to a magic sceptre, called the Rod of Saville, that can control Red Dragons. He refuses to talk and sends the map to Marina, and is at once killed by Damodar. Marina gets the map and travels through a magic portal to escape, dragging Ridley and Snails with her. After crashing into a pile of garbage, they meet a dwarf named Elwood , who ends up joining Ridley, Snails and Marina escaping through a sewer. Damodar puts a price on Marina, Ridley, Snails and Elwood\'s heads. After letting Profion know that the protagonists got away with the map, Profion creates a tentacled monster inside Damodar\'s head. The protagonists hide in a tavern and read the map when Ridley and Marina get sucked into it. Damodar and his henchmen arrive and attempt to capture Snails and Elwood as well as obtain the map, but they manage to get away. Outside the inn, Ridley and Marina exit the map and all decide to work together to find the Rod of Saville. They have to find a red ruby called the "Eye of the Dragon" that can open the door to a tomb where the Rod rests. The ruby is located in a hazardous maze that is owned by a thief named Xilus  who\'ll give the protagonists the "Eye of the Dragon" if Ridley survives the maze and obtains the ruby. Ridley manages to get the "Eye of the Dragon", but Xilus then attempts to take the ruby by force when Damodar shows up. Marina gets captured while Ridley, Snails and Elwood escape, meeting an elf named Norda ([[Kristen Wilson  who works as a tracker for Empress Savina and informs the Empress about Profion\'s plans to get the Rod of Saville. Meanwhile, Damodar tries interrogating Marina, but when she refuses to talk, Damodar uses the tentacles of the monster in his head to gain the knowledge he seeks. Ridley and Snails break into the castle where Marina is imprisoned to rescue her, while Norda and Elwood stay behind. Ridley and Snails split up and Ridley finds Marina. Snails falls into a quicksand trap in Damodar\'s room after finding the map and some magical powder. Snails is then chased through the castle by Damodar, while Ridley and Marina fight to get back out. They follow Snails and Damodar to the roof where Snails is killed by Damodar when he throws the map to Ridley. Ridley becomes enraged at Damodar and attacks him, but Damodar disarms him and stabs him in the shoulder with his own sword. In the confusion Marina grabs some of the magic dust that Snails pilfered and casts a spell to knock down Damodar and picks up Ridley. She then uses a portal to help them escape, leaving the corpse of Snails behind. Back at the council chambers, Profion and Empress Savina battle over the future of Izmir. Meanwhile, an elf  heals Norda\'s soldiers and Ridley. Ridley has a dream of a dragon being born, and learns that if Profion and Savina go to war, it will tip the balance of magic in the world. Later, Ridley accuses Marina of being an "evil mage", because of the Mages\' oppressions of the Commoners. Marina tells Ridley that he is wrong, and that the Empress is trying to solve all of the things that Ridley hates. Eventually, they become love interests and Ridley uses the "Eye of the Dragon" to finally get the Rod of Saville, which is held by the Skeleton of Saville in the tomb. The skeleton comes to life and warns Ridley that "anyone who wields the power of the rod shall suffer a horrible fate". Meanwhile, Damodar arrives outside and captures the other three companions. When Ridley comes out, Damodar requests the Rod in exchange for his companions. Ridley gives the Rod to Damodar, who orders the execution of Ridley and his companions; then turns to leave to complete his mission. Norda stabs her guards with hidden knives, frees Marina and Elwood and they all follow Ridley to the capital city of Sumdall. Meanwhile, in Sumdall, Profion uses Mages to fight the Empress. Savina calls forth Gold Dragons and they fight the Mages. Damodar shows up with the Rod, and Profion reluctantly frees Damodar from the creature in his head . Profion then climbs to a high platform to summon Red Dragons to fight the Gold Dragons. Ridley arrives and battles Damodar, stabbing him and throwing him from the ledge, avenging Snails. He then attacks Profion, who disarms him and shoves him back. Ridley\'s companions arrive and fight Profion one at a time. Ridley picks up the fallen Rod of Saville, and fights the power it holds. Profion encourages Ridley to use the Rod, but Ridley refuses and destroys it. Empress Savina arrives and condemns Profion, having a Gold Dragon come and eat him. She praises all of the adventurers, hailing them as heroes. Ridley later visits Snails\' grave , where he tells Snails that he is now "Ridley the Savior", echoing Snails\' claim at the beginning of the film. Snails\' engraved name then disappears and Norda tells Ridley not to question his abilities. Ridley, Norda, Marina and Elwood then touch the "Eye of the Dragon" and dissipate magically, ending the film.'] [" {{multiple image}} The 'Green Wizard' Carolinus  discovers magic failing as humanity embraces science, and summons his magic brothers Lo Tae Zhao  the Golden Wizard; Solarius  the Blue Wizard; and Ommadon  the Red Wizard, accompanied by their dragons Shen Tsu, Lunarian, and Bryagh ([[James Gregory , to whom he explains that the world's magic is dying and outlines a plan to save it by creating a 'Last Realm of Magic' wherein all magical beings can live, hidden from the rest of the world. Rather than join the others, Ommadon instead offers to take control of the world himself; whereupon the other wizards decide to seize and destroy Ommadon's crown, the source of his powers. Since the magic brothers cannot war on each other, they volunteer Carolinus's dragon Gorbash  along with the knight Sir Orrin Neville-Smythe , to begin a quest to do so, with Solarius giving a magic shield to deflect dark magic and Lo Tae Zhao giving a magic flute that will lure dragons to sleep. Requiring a third protagonist, Carolinus summons Peter Dickinson , whom he finds in a pawnshop explaining a game he has created whose pieces resemble the wizards and Gorbash. Having arrived in the past, Peter becomes enamoured of Princess Milisande , Carolinus's adopted daughter. Ommadon, learning the others' plan, sends his dragon Bryagh to capture Peter; whereupon Carolinus casts a spell to save him, which mistakenly combines Peter's mind with the body of Gorbash. Knowing nothing about being a dragon or about magic, Peter is mentored by an older dragon named Smrgol ([[James Gregory . During their journey they are joined by the wolf Aragh , a woodland elf named Giles, and the archer 'Danielle of the Woodlands' . The dichotomy of magic and science appears when Smrgol teaches Peter how to be a dragon in magical terms, whilst Peter explains them with principles of science; and in later approaches of each character to similar subjects. In Carolinus's home Princess Milisande falls into a trance and views the protagonists magically from afar. At an inn near Ommadon's realm, an Ogre captures Sir Orrin and Danielle. Smrgol teaches Peter how to defeat the Ogre, but ends up defeating the Orge himself after Peter is subdued. After killing the Ogre, Smrgol dies of his injuries, combined with old age. Upon entering the Red Wizard's realm, the heroes face off against a giant worm that execretes a deadly dissolving acid , followed by an evil spell designed to induce hopelessness, which Peter also defeats using a magical shield. When Ommadon sends an army of dragons against the heroes, Giles plays a flute given to Carolinus by Lo Tae Zhao which puts them all to sleep, except Bryagh, who seems to kill Giles, Aragh, and Danielle but is slain by Sir Orrin, who also dies soonafter. When Ommadon appears on the battlefield, Peter separates himself from Gorbash to confront him, and it is Peter's explanations of science against Ommadon's declarations of magic that destroy the latter; whereupon the others are restored to life and the 'Last Realm of Magic' takes shape. Peter returns to his own time, taking the flute and a shield given by Solarius, which he sells to the pawn shop owner. He is then joined by Princess Milisande, who comes bearing Ommadon's crown, and the two embrace."] [" Satisfied at Camelot's conditions, Merlin decides to go on vacation in order to rejuvenate. This vacation nap is supposed to last a few months, but when Merlin awakes, he finds he has slept for fifty years. Upon his return to Camelot, he discovers a downtrodden place. Almost all of those he knew have died; Lord Weston runs the kingdom; and the Holy Grail has departed from the castle. However, Merlin's protective enchantments have held invaders in check. A young thief named Jack and his tagalong pig Sir Snout stowaway in a cart entering Camelot, angering its driver Squire Brian. Jack is no ordinary vagrant, as he possesses some rudimentary magical skills. Jack enters the chamber of Yvonne, granddaughter of Sir Gawain and steals a pendant. Yvonne enters and while Jack hides, Master Graham, a local blacksmith whom she loves, visits her. Jack then attempts to steal Merlin's wand while Merlin concentrates on the whereabouts of the Grail. Merlin senses the visitor, and at first evicts him, but later apprentices Jack after a vision of the Holy Grail appears to both of them. The only training the film shows is Merlin tempting Jack with food while telling Jack to resist his hunger and seek a ring that was lost in the castle (which turns out to be the former [[Round Table . It is around this time that Jack learns the truth of Brian, who is actually Brianna. She disguises herself in order to avenge a wrong done to her family. In his search for the grail, Merlin suspects something is afoul in Camelot that caused the Grail to depart. Merlin confronts Yvonne  and her guardian Master Burton. Later while touching the Grail's stand, Merlin sees a vision in which he learns the truth of his absence. The Lady of the Lake enchanted him and created Jack. Thus, Jack's father is Merlin and his mother is the Lady.  Barbarians threaten Camelot's door, and knights including Brian want to use an enchanted cave in order to surprise the invaders, who they think are building a dam to drown the kingdom. Jack agrees to lift Merlin's enchantment on the passage, but the knights find no construction. In the meantime, the Barbarians directed by the Lady of the Lake enter the passage and breach Camelot's walls, which are vulnerable from the inside. Realizing the impending doom, Merlin tells Jack the truth of his origins. Merlin then magics a bridge over the barbarian army to safety and commands the townspeople, including Jack, to escape. As Jack steps off the bridge he breaks the spell to foil the pursuers. Meanwhile, Merlin was left in the walls of Camelot and is decapitated by Rauskaug, the leader of the barbarians.  The remaining people of Camelot have traveled the countryside for several months, seeking the Grail while fleeing their enemy. Jack is frustrated that his concentration does not give him insight, so the Lady of the Lake sends him a vision of the Grail's whereabouts. The group goes there, to discover that the water is cursed and several knights are murdered by a beast as they attempt to swim to the Grail's cave. Meanwhile, the Lady has told Rauskaug of their location and the barbarians begin their pursuit. The film centers on the crimes of the Camelot's guardians, which they believe prevent their reaching of the Grail. Yvonne's parents presented her as Gawain's kin but this ruse is discovered when she begs Jack to explore her past through visions. Through these it is discovered that Master Burton and Lord Weston had oppressed the surrounding peoples with taxes, unfair trade, and devious agreements. This is the source of Brianna's anger, as her family was robbed of its property through such a contract. Before Jack goes through Yvonne's past, Yvonne and Graham  go behind a tree and kiss. In that time Jack and Brianna decide to give in to love and start to kiss. They are caught kissing by the other two. Jack tries to put it off as a joke, but Yvonne and Graham now know Brian is a girl, they don't tell anyone. In the meantime, Burton hopes to betroth Yvonne to a Scottish king and indenture the remaining citizens of Camelot to that lord for personal gain. Yvonne and Jack reveal Burton and his wife's past treachery, and instead of a quick execution Jack hopes a trial will cleanse Camelot of its sins. Instead Brianna takes justice into her own hands and kills the pair as the barbarians approach. While the two sides battle, Lord Weston accompanies Jack to the cave. Jack parts the waterfall, and they enter the cave. Jack warns Weston that he is the true stain on Camelot and advises him not to take the grail. When Weston touches it, his impurity turns him to dust. The Lady of the Lake appears and offers Jack a chance to become powerful. Instead he rejects his mother  and makes a wish of the Grail: Jack says that the Grail may do what it wishes with him, if it will only end the destruction outside. The Grail accepts this unselfish act, and reanimates the dead warriors. Graham holds it aloft and promises a new Camelot will be built. Graham and Yvonne marry. During the reconstruction, Sir Snout tells Jack to speak the name of the land of the dead  in order to see his father. Jack goes to Merlin, and the two are allowed to spend the time they didn't have as father and son. The film concludes by hinting that Jack and Brianna are now married and probably going to have children. The film ends when Jack picks up Brianna as she blows out a candle, ending the movie."] ["On a distant galaxy lies the desert planet of Ura, which has two suns. There, two rival warlords, Zeg and Bal Caz, constantly fight against each other in a battle over the village's only wellspring. The mercenary warrior Kain emerges and announces that his skills are for hire to the highest bidder. Naja, a beautiful sorceress that has been taken captive by Zeg changes Kain's purpose to take the well for himself, instead choosing to save Naja and the village people. Kain starts entangling the situation, and by taking advantage of the ongoing feud, he seeks to debilitate the rival warlords and defeat them."] ["Princess Evie of Jzafir is deposed by the evil Jerak and his ally Sultana. Posing as Reena the Seer, Princess Evie enlists the aid of the renowned hero Deathstalker. Together they battle the forces of evil and a clone of Evie created by Jerak, to win back Evie's kingdom."] ['The film begins with a feast in a great hall during winter. A knight on horseback storms through the door and the crowd falls silent as the knight, all in green and carrying a large axe, walks up to the throne. He asks if any man has enough courage to challenge him to a game and finally a young squire named Gawain accepts. The knight tells Gawain that he has one chance to behead him, but then the knight gets to return the favor. Gawain beheads the knight but then the knight\'s torso walks up and grabs the head and puts it back on his body. The crowd is stunned and the knight tells Gawain to kneel so he can make his blow. The king stops the knight, saying Gawain is only a boy. The knight agrees and says he will return in one year, unless Gawain solves one riddle, which consists of four lines: :Where life is emptyness, gladness. :Where life is darkness, fire. :Where life is golden, sorrow. :Where life is lost, wisdom. Gawain is then knighted by King Arthur and is given King Arthur\'s blessing and ceremonial armour to accomplish a seemingly chivalrous task. He heads out with a loyal servant in search of the answer to the Green Knight\'s riddle. When asked which way they should be heading, his servant suggests due west, as that is the direction the wind is blowing. Sir Gawain then meets another knight, in black armor, claiming to defend a lost and hidden city. After a short duel  the knight in black armor concedes to the challenger and shows the whereabouts of a secret city. However, upon arriving there, the knight in black armor, close to death, lies about his wounds and calls the victorious Sir Gawain a murderer, setting the city and her guards upon him. He manages to escape the guards, thanks to the aid of a beautiful lady in the castle, who gives him a ring with which to escape. Upon escaping he is told by the Green Knight that the game he has accepted as a challenge has rules, rules of which have been broken. Later, Gawain returns to the secret city, only to find it deserted, with the denizens old and covered in cob webs, frozen in time. However he is able to revive and bring back the youth of the lady that helped him escape by giving her the magic ring he used to escape the city . Unfortunately, in his hours of peace and love, the lady is kidnapped by a lustful prince. Gawain is convinced that saving her is his only option and rediscovers his friend and servant along with a band of men willing to assist. Whilst the rescue mission is under way, a rival Baron of the captors arrives and threatens war if certain demands are not met. The rival Baron has accepted the beautiful lady as a tribute to avert war. The rescue mission fails, with Sir Gawain under the false impression that the beautiful lady has been killed in a fire thanks to the acts of the lustful prince. Later Gawain asks his comrades to disband, including the men that followed him to raid the castle in an attempt to save the lady. He then discovers to his joy that the lady has in fact been saved by the rival Baron who accepted her as tribute and even gave her her freedom at no cost. Eternally grateful, Sir Gawain once more gathers his men and his servant and encounters the forces of the prince who kidnapped the lady. Despite being outnumbered and lacking archers, Sir Gawain and his men triumph over the forces of the lustful prince. Whilst in single combat, Sir Gawain has the upper hand when the prince calls for assistance from an archer nearby. The archer is about to fire into Gawain\'s back when the seneschal of the Prince\'s father orders the archer to stop, preferring to see his son die in honorable combat then let him cheat. The Seneschal then orders his men to withdraw, leaving Gawain to take the field. Following his finale with the lustful prince, Gawain is approached by the Green Knight. Gawain has failed to solve the final line of the riddle within the time limit, and must therefore allow the Green Knight one swing at his neck with an axe. Gawain rides out to meet the Knight. He has around his neck a piece of magical cloth from the lady, showing her favor. The Green knight takes aim with his axe at Gawain\'s neck and strikes a blow. To his dismay, Gawain survives thanks to the cloth given to him by the lady. Gawain then tells the Green Knight that the game is over since he has struck his single blow. The Green Knight and Sir Gawain then do battle, with Sir Gawain triumphing. As the Green Knight suffers a mortal wound, he asks Sir Gawain to stop battle, realizing that he has already lost. Sir Gawain returns to the beautiful lady. Near the sea, he talks with her and she tells him: "I too live a borrowed year. It began with your act of valor before the Green Knight and now is at an end." As he touches her on the cheek, she flies away as a dove, returning to Lyonesse.'] ["Introduction: demons once ruled mankind under Akivasha, Sorceress Queen of Acheron, until overthrown by the god Valka. The kingdom of Valusia was built on the ruins of Acheron, and Valka left a single flame of Acheron there to burn for eternity. Titles follow. What appears to be a great battle resolves itself into Kull's entrance exam for admission into the king of Valusia's elite Dragon Legion. Kull fails to gain entry after telling General Taligaro that he is from Atlantis, i.e. not of 'noble blood.' While they speak a messenger from the palace reports that the king has gone mad and is slaughtering his heirs. Taligaro and the Legion ride for Velusia, Kull Following behind. They enter the throne-room to find the king covered in blood and the floor littered with bodies. The king turns on Taligaro but Kull stops him, trying to calm his blind rage; the king turns on Kull instead. Mortally wounded when his own sneak attack fails, the king maliciously makes Kull his heir - knowing that many will try to kill him, including Taligaro and his cousin who are both of royal blood. Taligaro and the king's cousin conspire to bring Akivasha back to life, to destroy Kull and take the crown themselves. Akivasha entrances Kull with ease and marries him. Once married she becomes Queen and promptly poisons Kull, who is believed by the royal court to be dead; however, Kull reawakens to find out the truth of Akivasha. He frees himself from confinement and plots to regain his throne and vanquish the evil witch. He is joined in his quest by Ascalante, a priest of an old abandoned god and Zareta, Ascalante's sister and fortune teller who was a member of Kull's harem wrongfully accused of his murder by the queen. What results is a series of tests and adventures which ultimately results in the death of the witch, the reinstating of Kull as King, the reformation of the laws of the lands, and the inclusion of a new Queen."] ['From their stronghold in Icepeak, the evil Queen Juliana  and her son, Nekron , send forth a wave of glaciers, forcing humanity to retreat south towards the equator. Nekron sends a delegation to King Jarol  in Firekeep to request his surrender, but this is a ruse orchestrated by Queen Juliana for Nekron’s sub-humans to kidnap Jarol’s daughter, the barefoot, microkini-wearing Princess Teegra ; Queen Juliana feels that Nekron should take a bride to produce an heir. But Teegra makes an escape and comes upon Larn, the only survivor of a village razed by glaciers, who offers to escort her back to Firekeep. As Teegra is recaptured, Larn teams with the mysterious Darkwolf  to save Teegra and then travel to Icepeak to stop Juliana. Darkwolf faces Nekron and kills him as Icepeak succumbs to lava released by King Jarol and is destroyed. The film finishes with Larn about to kill a beaten sub-human until Teegra stops him saying that "it\'s over" and embraces him. Darkwolf is seen atop a cliff; he watches the pair, smiles and then disappears. Teegra and Larn kiss as the credits roll.'] ['The planet Krull is invaded by an entity known as "The Beast" and his army of "Slayers," who travel the galaxy in a mountain-like spaceship called the Black Fortress. Prince Colwyn and Princess Lyssa attempt to marry and form an alliance between their rival kingdoms in the hope that their combined forces can defeat the Beast\'s army. A prophecy foretells that Lyssa will bear a child destined to rule the galaxy. The Beast has his Slayers attack the wedding before it is concluded. The castle of Lyssa\'s father, King Eirig, is destroyed and the Kings are murdered. The Kingdoms\' armies are devastated and the princess is kidnapped. Colwyn, the only survivor, is found and nursed by Ynyr the Old One. Colwyn sets out to rescue Lyssa, but he must first find "the Glaive", an ancient, magical star-shaped weapon, which he retrieves from a high mountain cave. Next, he must track down the Black Fortress, which teleports to a new location every day at sunrise. He is joined by an accident-prone magician, Ergo "the Magnificent", the cyclops Rell , and Torquil, the leader of a band of ten fugitives that includes Kegan, Rhun, and Oswyn. Colwyn enlists the convicts\' aid and in return offers them their freedom as their reward. Colwyn and Ynyr get help from the blind prophet the Emerald Seer, and his young apprentice Titch, to find the Black Fortress. However, the Beast has the seer killed before he can reveal its location. With time running short, Ynyr journeys to the Widow of the Web for aid. The Widow is actually an enchantress, also named Lyssa, who loved Ynyr long ago and was exiled to the lair of the Crystal Spider, for murdering their only child. The Widow reveals where the Beast\'s fortress will be at the next sunrise. She also gives Ynyr the sand from the enchanted hourglass that kept the Crystal Spider from attacking her. Ynyr quickly flees the web as the Crystal Spider attacks the Widow\'s prison and begins to destroy it. Ynyr returns to the group to reveal the news before he loses the last of the sand, which kills him. Colwyn and his followers use captured Fire Mares  to reach the Black Fortress, but are attacked by Slayers, who kill Rhun. When they get to the Black Fortress, Rell uses his massive strength to hold open the huge doors long enough for the others to enter. He dies when the entrance closes, crushing him. Kegan is killed by a Slayer shortly afterwards and Colwyn gets lost in the labyrinthine interior. When the Slayers try to kill Titch, Ergo magically transforms into a tiger and kills the Slayers, injuring himself while saving Titch\'s life. Torquil and Oswyn are caught in a trap with slowly closing walls studded with massive spikes. Colwyn injures the Beast with the Glaive and finds Lyssa. He is unable to recover the Glaive from the Beast\'s body. Lyssa realizes that together, their ability to project flame can finish the beast. The two use the flame to slay the Beast and they make their way out of the crumbling fortress, finding Torquil and Oswyn and retrieving Ergo and Titch. The survivors watch as the Black Fortress crumbles and is sucked up into the sky. Colwyn names Torquil as Lord Marshal, which Torquil accepts. As the heroes depart across a field, the narrator confirms that they will rule the world and their child shall rule the galaxy.'] ['Sir George  is the foster son of Sybil , an elderly sorceress. Not much is said about his background other than that his "royal parents died of the plague" in his infancy. He is secretly in love with Princess Helene , who is kidnapped early in the film by the evil wizard Lodac . Lodac intends to feed her to his pet dragon in seven days. George wants to go on a quest to liberate his lady love, but Sybil believes he is too young and tries to comfort the youth by showing him a magic sword, a steed, a suit of armour, and six magically frozen knights he will command when he turns 21. The impatient George, however, tricks Sybil and locks her in a cellar, then leaves with his magical implements and revived company of knights. Sir George and his party appear before the king and insist on journeying to Lodac\'s castle to rescue Helene, even though this angers Sir Branton , a knight who had previously been given the task and who also desires the princess. The knights must brave a series of monsters and other dangers to complete the task.'] ['George , a knight returned from the Crusades, wishes to retire from soldiering, find a wife, and settle on "an acre of land with two head of cattle." To conclude the transaction, he agrees to help the land\'s owner, King Edgaar , whose daughter Princess Lunna  has disappeared. Also in search of the princess are Garth , betrothed of the unwilling princess, and the mercenary El Cabillo, a title which passes through different men, and begins with  Val Kilmer. The princess has been kidnapped by a female dragon, which lays an egg and then seemingly dies a few days later. Rather than escaping, the princess decides to guard the egg, which she believes holds the last dragon on earth, whom she has named Smite. George\'s father Sir Robert ([[Paul Freeman , a previous friend of King Edgaar\'s and an amputee from his own previous run-in with the mother dragon, gives his son George a Dragon Horn, which "sounds a note only a dragon can hear". When George encounters the princess, he attempts to destroy the egg but she knocks him unconscious each time he tries. They then, in company with other companions, transport the egg by wagon back to her father. Along the way they stop at a convent, where Lunna\'s cousin is a nun, and a friar is an old friend of George\'s. The princess\'s betrothed, Garth, catches up with them at the convent, and she says she will not marry him because she does not love him. He then kidnaps her to force her to marry him, as it is part of his plan to take over the kingdom. Mercenaries arrive, led by the El Cabillo, who then reveals himself to the group as Tarik , a Moor who was a close friend of George\'s seen at the beginning of the film before the two part ways. But El Cabillo\'s men revolt against him, as they wish to capture the Princess and claim the reward. While they are all fighting, the baby dragon hatches, the monk Elmendorf is killed saving the Princess from a flying spear, and King Edgaar\'s men and Sir Robert\'s men arrive to join the fray. During this fight, Garth and George are fighting, but turn to find themselves facing a mutual enemy: the former second-in-command of El Cabillo, the leader of the mutiny. They fight him off together, while taking shots at each other. This conflagration is interrupted as the wall of the castle keep explodes across the screen. The mother dragon has returned. The combatants all flee. George is last to the door of the keep but debris prevents his escape. In the castle courtyard the former combatants all listen in silence as the dragon makes much noise within the keep. The Princess Lunna fears the worst for both George and the dragon she has named herself. Within the keep the mother dragon seems preoccupied with her child and George is largely frozen lest he attract the mother dragon\'s attention. George notices a lance protrudes from the mother dragons side. This is the lance of his father still lodged in the beast. George slowly approaches the lance and takes hold. He asks God\'s forgiveness for what he must do and promises to make this as painless as possible for the dragon. The scene shifts to the castle courtyard a roar is heard. George emerges from the keep with a bloodied lance. Believing that George has slain the dragon the men are overjoyed. The Princess Lunna however is not and, overcome with sorrow for both the dragon\'s death and George\'s betrayal, flees on horseback. George pursues with King Edgaar\'s horse and his blessing to marry his daughter. There is a chase along the shore of a large body of water but George is not alone in the chase. Garth has also pursued. Garth knocks George from his steed and they fight. Garth has the advantage and as he raises his sword for the killing blow the mother dragon leaps from the water and swallows Garth whole. The Princess Lunna realizes that George did not actually kill the dragons. They kiss and presumably live happily ever after.'] ['The film begins in the 6th century in England with the death of the king, Uther Pendragon. Uther did not leave an heir to his throne, and without a king, "it seemed that the land would be torn by war". Suddenly, the "Sword in the Stone" appears in London, with an inscription proclaiming that "Whoso Pulleth Out This Sword of this Stone and Anvil, is Rightwise King Born of England." None succeed in removing the sword, which is soon forgotten, leaving England to the Dark Ages. Many years later, Merlin, "The world\'s most powerfull wizard." predicts that a small boy, named Arthur , will come to his cottage. While accompanying his older foster brother Kay on a hunting trip, Wart accidentally prevents Kay from shooting a deer. He goes to retrieve the arrow, and falls into Merlin\'s cottage. Merlin declares himself Wart\'s tutor and the two return to Wart\'s home, a castle run by Sir Ector, Arthur\'s foster father. Although Merlin convinces him that magic exists via conjuring up an indoor blizzard , Ector will not allow him to tutor Wart, so Merlin magically disappears, which persuades Ector to let Merlin stay. Ector\'s friend, Sir Pellinore, arrives with news about the annual jousting tournament to be held on New Year\'s Day in London, with the new development that the winner will become king. Ector decides to put Kay through serious training for the tournament and makes Wart his squire. Merlin transforms Wart and himself into fish and they swim in the castle moat to learn about physics. Wart is attacked by a pike and saved by Archimedes, Merlin\'s owl. Wart is sent to the kitchen as punishment after he tries relating his lesson to a disbelieving Ector. Merlin enchants the dishes to wash themselves, then takes Wart for another lesson and turns them into squirrels to learn about gravity. Wart is almost eaten by a wolf, that has been trying to eat him since the beginning of the film, but is saved by a female squirrel who falls in love with him. She traps the wolf in the log and he floats down the river to be never seen again. After they have returned to human form, Ector accuses Merlin of using black magic on the dishes. Wart defends Merlin but Ector will not listen, punishing Wart for "popping off" by giving Kay a different squire, Hobbs. For his third lesson, after apologizing to Wart and resolving to redeem him, Merlin transforms him into a sparrow and Archimedes, having charge of Wart\'s education reassigned to him , teaches Wart how to fly. Wart is attacked by a hawk and flies down the witch Madam Mim\'s chimney. Mim\'s magic uses trickery, as opposed to Merlin\'s scientific skill. Merlin arrives after she nearly kills Arthur and challenges Mim to a Wizards\' Duel, in which the combatants change themselves into various non-imaginary animals to destroy one another. Mim breaks the rules first by disappearing, then eventually transforming into a dragon. Merlin transforms himself into a germ called "Malignalitaloptereosis" and infects Mim, effectively defeating her, thus demonstrating the importance of brains over brawn. At Christmas Eve, Kay is knighted but Hobbs comes down with the mumps; Ector reinstates Wart as Kay\'s squire. Merlin is disappointed that Wart still prefers war games to academics. Wart tries to explain that, he\'s lucky to be Kay\'s squire and that Merlin\'s urgings that he aim for anything better are pointless. This further aggravates Merlin, who in shouting "Blow me to Bermuda!" in anger, unwittingly transports himself to 20th-century Bermuda. Ector, Kay, Pellinore, Wart and Archimedes travel to London for the tournament. Wart realises he has left Kay\'s sword at a nearby inn, which is closed because of the tournament. Archimedes notices a sword in a stone in a nearby churchyard. Wart pulls the sword from the stone, unwittingly fulfilling the prophecy. When Arthur returns with the sword, Ector and Black Bart recognize it as the Sword in the Stone and the tournament is stopped. Demanding that Arthur prove he pulled it, Ector replaces the sword in its anvil. None of the other men can remove it as before, but Wart pulls it out again. This time the sky grows brighter and miracles appear in England. The knights all proclaim, "Hail, King Arthur! Long live the King!" as the crowd kneels down before him, the first being Ector, who apologises to Wart for his previous harsh treatment. Arthur, crowned king, sits in the throne room with Archimedes, yet feels unprepared to take the responsibility of royalty. Overwhelmed by the cheering crowd outside, Arthur calls out to Merlin for help, who arrives from Bermuda and is elated to find that Arthur is the King that he saw in the future. Merlin tells the boy that he will lead the Knights of the Round Table, becoming one of the most famous figures in literature and even in motion pictures.'] ['A group of young students lost in the Italian Alps become victims of an ancient Gladiator curse. One of the students becomes possessed and hunts down the rest.'] ["The plot revolves around a young boy named Travis  who learns from his master that he is the key to saving the world from an evil plot. Tee joins the secret organization of the Delta Knights and embarks on a quest to attempt to recover the lost treasures inside the fabled Lost Storehouse of Archimedes. The plot is markedly similar to that of Robert Heinlein's Citizen of the Galaxy, including its essentially identical setup of a young slave boy—who is really the lost heir of a powerful family—being bought for a pittance by a seeming beggar, who is himself really a spy, and who suspects the boy's true identity. The cinematic accomplishments of the movie are decidedly meager, such as the completely unexplained casting of David Warner as both the hero's mentor and the chief villain, in addition to providing the narration. The dialogue is decidedly campy  and the movie has a definite low-budget atmosphere. Also noteworthy is the extreme confusion the film displays with regard to setting, both in terms of time period and location. The story would seem to take place in medieval England; however, a number of plot elements contradict this. Vultare's henchmen wear headgear strongly resembling  Viking helmets. Leonardo da Vinci, a figure from Renaissance Italy, appears as a major character in the plot. Finally, Leonardo and Tee are searching for the lost storehouse of Archimedes, a figure from ancient Syracuse, Sicily whose storehouse one might reasonably think unlikely to be found in England. A document held by Archimedes seen in a flashback is also clearly held together by staples. A large portion of this movie was filmed at the Renaissance Pleasure Faire in Black Point, Novato, California. Performers from the Faire were employed as extras in various scenes throughout. Exterior scenes of Archimedes' storehouse were filmed at the Palace of Fine Arts, San Francisco, California. Exterior scenes of the prison were filmed at Petaluma Adobe State Park, Petaluma, California. Some interior scenes of the Mannerjay's palace were filmed at the Scottish Rite Temple, Oakland, California. The opening theme is a re-use of the theme from the 1980 science fiction film Battle Beyond the Stars."] ['{{plot}} On the Planet Eternia, at the center of the Universe, the forces of Skeletor  have managed to seize control of Castle Grayskull and capture the Sorceress of Grayskull . Skeletor is planning to exploit Grayskull\'s hidden powers when the "Great Eye of the Galaxy", a portal in the castle\'s throne room, opens. The remaining Eternian forces are scattered and outnumbered. One of Skeletor\'s patrols is attacked by Eternia\'s greatest warrior and Skeletor\'s archenemy, He-Man , veteran soldier Man-At-Arms  and his daughter Teela ([[Chelsea Field . He-Man rescues a Thenorian inventor/locksmith named Gwildor , who reveals to his rescuers his newest invention: a "Cosmic Key" that can open a portal to any location in time and space. Skeletor stole the Key from him and used it to get into Castle Grayskull, but Gwildor still possesses the prototype. When his home is attacked by Skeletor\'s forces, Gwildor leads He-Man and his friends into a secret passageway leading directly to Grayskull. At Grayskull, the group is ambushed by Skeletor and his troops. In desperation, Gwildor uses his Key to open a random gateway through which the group escapes to Earth, but the Key is lost upon their arrival and the Eternians split up to find it. Meanwhile, in the nearby town of Whittier, California, two teenagers, Julie Winston  and Kevin Corrigan , discover the Key and start pressing its buttons. This allows Skeletor\'s second-in-command, Evil-Lyn , to track the Key to Earth, and she sends a team of mercenaries to recover it. They consist of Saurod, Blade, and Beastman, with Karg appointed as their leader. Kevin, an aspiring musician, mistakes the object for a Japanese synthesizer and takes it to a friend at a local music store to get a second opinion, leaving Julie in their high school gym. Skeletor\'s mercenaries arrive and pursue Julie until He-Man rescues her. The mercenaries return to Grayskull where, incensed by their failure, Skeletor kills Saurod and sends the others back to Earth with a larger force under the command of Evil-Lyn. Kevin returns to find the high school on fire and Julie missing. The detective on scene, Lubic , takes Kevin to Julie\'s house to look for her. Over the phone, Julie reveals to Kevin the importance of the Cosmic Key, but Lubic confiscates it, suspecting it to be stolen. Immediately afterwards, Evil-Lyn captures and interrogates Kevin, then leaves to acquire the Key from Lubic. Julie and the Eternians reunite with Kevin, and they proceed to the music store where Lubic has taken the Key for expert analysis. Skeletor\'s troops also arrive at the store and a battle ensues, during which Evil-Lyn, masquerading as Julie\'s dead mother , persuades her to hand over the Key. With the Key acquired, Skeletor triumphantly arrives on Earth. He-Man retrieves the Key from Evil-Lyn, but Skeletor surrounds his friends and critically injures Julie with his magic, destroying Gwildor\'s Key in the process. He-Man surrenders to save his friends and returns to Grayskull as Skeletor\'s prisoner. The remaining Eternians combine their technology to create a new Key, using a modern-day keyboard to play the special sequences of tones, which Kevin had memorized. Lubic blunders his way through the portal and is transported to Eternia with them. On Eternia, the Great Eye opens and Skeletor is transformed into an armored warrior god. He tries to force He-Man to kneel before him, but is interrupted by the arrival of He-Man\'s friends. He-Man is freed and reclaims his sword, absorbing the power of Grayskull once more. Now evenly matched, He-Man engages Skeletor in combat and breaks Skeletor\'s staff, causing him to lose his newfound powers. Skeletor draws his sword to continue the fight, but is sent plummeting into a deep pit. The rescued Sorceress heals Julie, and a portal is opened to return the humans to Earth, except for Lubic who decides to stay on Eternia. Awaking the morning of her parents\' death in a plane crash, Julie prevents them from taking their fateful flight. She then finds Kevin, who confirms their shared experiences were not just a dream and holds out a souvenir from Eternia: a small blue sphere containing a hologram of He-Man in front of Castle Grayskull. After the credits, Skeletor\'s head emerges from liquid at the bottom of the pit and proclaims, "I will be back!"'] ['A sixth century post-Roman kingdom called Urland To appease the dragon, King Casiodorus  offers it virgin girls selected by lottery twice a year. An expedition led by a young man called Valerian  seeks the last sorcerer, Ulrich of Craggenmoor , for help. A brutish centurion from Urland named Tyrian , who has followed the expedition, intimidates the wizard. Ulrich invites Tyrian to stab him to prove his magical powers. Tyrian does so and Ulrich dies instantly, to the horror of his young apprentice Galen Bradwarden  and his elderly servant Hodge . They cremate Ulrich\'s body and place the ashes in a leather pouch. Galen inherits the wizard\'s magical amulet, and takes it upon himself to journey to Urland. On the way, he accidentally discovers Valerian is really a young woman, who disguised herself to avoid being selected in the lottery. In an effort to discourage the expedition, Tyrian kills Hodge; before dying, he hands Galen the pouch and dies with the words "Burning water..." on his lips. Arriving in Urland, Galen inspects the dragon\'s lair and attempts to seal its entrance by causing rocks to fall from the cliff. Tyrian apprehends Galen and takes him to the court of King Casiodorus. After noticing Galen\'s constant grasping of the amulet during his clumsy attempts at magic tricks, King Casiodorus guesses that he is not a real wizard and complains that his attack may have angered the dragon instead of killing it, as his own brother and predecessor once did. The king then confiscates the amulet and imprisons Galen. His daughter Elspeth  comes to taunt Galen, but is shocked when he informs her of rumours the lottery is rigged. Casiodorus is unable to lie convincingly when she confronts him. Meanwhile, the dragon frees itself from its prison and causes an earthquake. Galen narrowly escapes, but without the amulet. The village priest, Brother Jacopus , leads his congregation to confront the dragon, denouncing it as the Devil, but the dragon incinerates him and then heads for the village, burning all in its path. When the lottery begins anew, Princess Elspeth rigs the draw so that only her name can be chosen, in reparation. The King returns the amulet to Galen so that he might save Elspeth. Galen uses the amulet to enchant a heavy spear  forged strong enough to pierce the dragon\'s armored hide. Meanwhile, Valerian gathers some molted dragon scales and uses them to make Galen a shield, and the two realize they have romantic feelings for one another. She discovers that Vermithrax has a brood of dragonets. As Galen attempts to rescue Princess Elspeth, he fights and kills Tyrian. The Princess, however, has descended into the dragon\'s cave to her death. Galen follows her and finds the young dragons feasting upon her corpse. He kills them and then finds Vermithrax nesting by an underground lake of fire. He manages to wound the monster but the spear is broken and only Valerian\'s shield saves him from incineration. After his failure to kill Vermithrax, Valerian convinces Galen to leave the village with her. As the two lovers prepare to leave, the amulet gives Galen a vision that explains his teacher\'s final wishes. Ulrich had asked that his ashes be spread over "burning water", and Galen realizes that the wizard had planned his own death and cremation after realizing he was not in the condition to make the journey by himself, and used Galen to deliver him to Urland to fight the dragon. Galen then returns to the cave, spreading the ashes and the wizard is resurrected from the flames of the burning lake. Ulrich reveals that his time is short and that Galen must destroy the amulet when the time is right. The wizard then transports himself to a mountaintop and attracts the dragon\'s attention. After a brief battle, the monster grabs the old man and flies away with him. Galen crushes the amulet with a rock, causing the wizard to explode and killing the dragon. Inspecting the wreckage, the villagers credit God with the victory, while the king arrives and drives a sword into the dragon\'s broken carcass to claim the glory for himself. As Galen and Valerian leave Urland together, he confesses that he misses both Ulrich and the amulet, and they both realize that the age of wizards and dragons may be finished. But when he says, out loud, "I just wish we had a horse", as if on cue, a white horse appears to take the incredulous lovers away.'] ["Conan is the son of Corin , chief of a barbarian tribe. The youth  is a skilled but violent warrior, who his father believes is not ready to wield his own sword. One day, their village is attacked by the forces of Khalar Zym ([[Stephen Lang , a warlord who wishes to reunite the pieces of the Mask of Acheron in order to revive his dead wife and conquer Hyboria. Thousands of years ago, the Mask, crafted by a group of sorcerers and used to subjugate the world, was broken into many pieces, which were scattered among the barbarian tribes. After locating Corin's piece of the mask, and murdering the entire village, Zym leaves. Conan is the only survivor, and swears revenge. Years later, Conan  has become a pirate, but still seeks revenge. He encounters a slave colony and frees it, killing all of the slave handlers in the process. In the city of Messantia, he encounters Ela-Shan , a thief being chased by a man whom Conan recognizes as Lucius ([[Steven O'Donnell , one of Zym's soldiers from years before. He allows himself to be captured alongside Ela-Shan. Conan escapes imprisonment, kills several of the guards, and confronts Lucius, forcing him to reveal that Zym seeks the pure-blood descendant of the sorcerers of Acheron; sacrificing the descendant will unleash the mask's power. Conan helps the rest of the prisoners to escape, and, in gratitude, Ela-Shan tells Conan that, if he ever needs him, Conan will find him at the City of Thieves, Argalon. Lucius is then killed by the prisoners. Zym and his daughter, the sorceress Marique  attack a monastery where they hope to find the pure-blood descendant. Sensing something is wrong, Fassir , an elderly monk, tells one of his students, Tamara ([[Rachel Nichols , to run away and return to her birthplace. When Fassir refuses to reveal his knowledge of the descendant, Zym kills him. Marique also slays several of the priestesses. Tamara's carriage is chased by Zym's men, but Conan rescues her, kills three of her pursuers, and also captures one of Zym's men, Remo . After forcing him to reveal Tamara's importance as the pure-blood, Conan catapults Remo into Zym's nearby camp, killing him. Zym and Marique confront Conan, who pretends to be interested in exchanging Tamara for gold. Conan attacks Zym, but Marique saves her father by invoking soldiers made of sand  and then poisoning Conan with a poison-laced boomerang sword. Tamara rescues him and they return to Conan's ship, stationed nearby, where his friend Artus  helps Conan recover. The boat is attacked by Zym's men, and, although they kill several of Conan's men, they are defeated. Conan orders Artus to return to Messantia with Tamara and departs to confront Zym in his kingdom. Artus tells Tamara that Conan left a map behind and she follows him, meeting with him in a cave, where they make love. The next day, as she is returning to the boat, Zym's men and daughter capture her. Conan learns of Tamara's capture and departs to Argalon, where he asks Ela-Shan to help him break into Zym's castle unnoticed. Zym prepares to drain Tamara's blood, mending the mask. After confronting an octopus-like monster that guards the dungeons and killing its four handlers, Conan infiltrates Zym's followers, kills a guard and steals his robe, and watches as Zym puts on the empowered mask. Conan releases Tamara, and she escapes as he battles Zym with the castle falling around them. Marique attacks Tamara, but Conan hears Tamara's scream and defeats Marique, cutting off her hand. Tamara kicks her into a pit, where she is impaled on a large spike. Zym comes and, finding his daughter's corpse, he swears revenge upon Conan. Conan and Tamara become trapped on an unstable bridge as Zym attacks them. He uses the mask's power to call forth the spirit of his dead wife, Maliva, a powerful sorceress who was executed by the monks from Tamara's monastery for attempting to unleash occult forces to destroy Hyborea, and Maliva's spirit begins to possess Tamara. She begs Conan to let her fall, but he refuses, and instead stabs the bridge before jumping to safety with Tamara. The bridge collapses, taking Zym along. The power-hungry ruler falls to the lava below the immense precipice screaming the name of his wife, implying his demise. Conan and Tamara escape and he returns her to her birthplace, telling her that they'll meet again. He then returns to Corin's village and tells the memory of his father that he has avenged his death and recovered the sword Zym stole from him, restoring his honor."] ["The film is set in a medieval-like heroic fantasy world. The Ragnicks, a tribe of peaceful travelling entertainers, is attacked by the evil tyrant Kadar, who takes their queen Canary hostage. Canary, however, manages to hide her magic ruby, the lucky talisman of the Ragnicks which Kadar seeks to bolster his power. Two young twins from the tribe, Kutchek and Gore, bite off two of Kadar's fingers. In retaliation, Kadar has them taken prisoner as well, but agrees to spare their lives if Canary becomes his bride. Kutchek and Gore are separated and work as slaves for several years, and grow up as amazingly strong adults. Once they have become of age, Kadar sets them up to fight each other to the death in the arena, their faces masked by metal helmets. But as they struggle, Gore knocks open Kutchek's helmet, revealing his face; after recognizing each other, and after seeing Canary as a prisoner by Kadar's side, the twins escape from Kadar's fortress. In the woods, they find their old tribemates, who have led a life of misery ever since Canary's kidnapping, and a young girl named Ismena, a young thief imprisoned by the Ragnicks. At first mistaken for enemies and nearly hanged, Kutchek and Gore manage to reveal their past association with the tribe, and Ismena is revealed as Cara, another old tribemate and their agemate who had since left the Ragnicks for a life of her own, only to be ironically captured and sentenced to death by them. Incensed by the cruelties Kadar has imposed upon their lives, the two brothers plan to go back and seek revenge on the tyrant. Meanwhile, Kadar tries to find Queen Canary's magic ruby."] ['The story is based on the myth of King Arthur. A young, inexperienced squire Valiant, masquerading as Sir Gawain, is sent to accompany the Welsh princess Lady Ilene, a guest at Camelot, on her way back home. Little he knows that, meanwhile, the evil sorceress Lady Morgana has convinced the Viking warlord Sligon, ruler of the kingdom of Thule, to steal the magical sword Excalibur during a joust tournament. Valiant and the princess become part of the struggle of "he who holds the sword rules the world" which leads them both to love and Valiant to his princely destiny, as it turns out he is the rightful heir to the throne of Thule. The usurper is eventually killed by his brother Thagnar, who also captures Ilene. In a final confrontation, the villains are killed and Valiant rescues the princess and recovers Excalibur.'] ["The warrior Deathstalker is sent by a witch on a quest to find a chalice, an amulet, and a sword, two of which are held by the wicked sorcerer Munkar . Deathstalker finds the sword almost immediately, which has been hidden by the witch in a cave. Sword in hand, Deathstalker sets out to Munkar's castle. On his journey, Deathstalker learns of a tournament from Oghris , a charming warrior in midriff-baring armor. Munkar has invited warriors to participate in contests until a winner is determined, thereby inheriting Munkar's kingdom. Along the way to the tournament, the pair meet Kaira, a female warrior  who wears only a G-string and a cloak, who joins them on their journey. Arriving at Munkar's castle, Deathstalker and the other tournament participants are invited to get drunk and rape Munkar's harem slaves, including Princess Codille . Deathstalker rescues Princess Codille, briefly, but Munkar takes her back. The tournament continues for several days, while Deathstalker searches for the other two artifacts at night. Eventually, nearly all of the other contestants have killed each other, and Deathstalker faces Munkar and defeats him."] ["The Devil's Sword follows a quest to find an ancient sword that was forged from a mysterious metallic substance that fell to earth in the form of a meteorite. An old man who finds the meteorite creates the Devil's Sword, and he hides it after it burns down his hut. Whoever wields the sword holds the greatest power imaginable in his hands. Banyujaga  is sent by the Alligator Queen  to steal the fiancé of a local village's princess  to keep as her own subject. During the raid on the village, Mandala , a one time colleague of Banyujaga, sees the scuffle and helps defend the village, and ends up helping the princess recover her husband to be. Mandala recovers the Devil's Sword, but will it ultimately be enough to defeat the Alligator Queen and Banyujaga?"] ["{{Plot}} In a fictitious land, the evil sorcerer Munkar  oppressively rules. Some warriors, King Kandor's forces, escaped into the forest, in order to continue to make a stand against the dark lord, but they're finally defeated. Now the fate of that land rests in the hand of Kane , a strong and lonesome barbarian. One day, he saves a damsel  and Wooby , a small, bear like creature, resembling an Ewok from Star Wars, from some brigands, the latter becomes his servant and follows him throughout his quest. In his sleep, a witch tells him of Munkar and his reign of terror, and about three powerful artefacts, the Amulet of Life, possessed by Princess Gretchen, King Kandor's daughter who was being held on Munkar's castle, the Sword of Justice and the Chalice of Magic. Unfortunately, the Chalice of Magic was already under the possession of Munkar, and he used it to raise his dark army and to watch Kane, and if finds the other two artefacts, he'd become invincible and enslave mankind. The witch tells him the Sword of Justice is located in the Martak Ruins. He goes there with Wooby, only to be ambushed by Munkar's soldiers, but he is aided in the fight by Gilda, the last of Amazon warriors. She tells Kane that her clan kept the sword safe for 50 generations, in the Cave of Last Echoes, where Amazons by tradition are not allowed. Gilda joins the quest and they ride for the cave, unaware of the Dark Prince, Munkar's enforcer, who was sneaking on them. Kane enters the cave with Wooby, who shows himself aquaphobic due the humidity and the sea sounds echoing through the cave. Them, they find the Sword of Justice plunged in a pool of saltwater. The Dark Prince knocks out Wooby and confronts Kane, and the outcome is Kane's victory, as he wounds the Dark Prince with the Sword of Justice and the latter flees. Kane and the others meet King Kandor, the true sovereign of those lands, dethroned by Munkar. Kandor offers the help of Zigrid, who joins them. Zigrid tells them of his plan to infiltrate Munkar's fortress, find the Amulet of Life and put an end to the malign sorcerer's reign. There would be a tournament in his castle, and the victor would become Munkar's general and be granted immortality through his powers. They head for the fortress, passing through a village under attack by Munkar's forces. Gilda and Wooby are taken away, and Kane slays the Dark Prince. Wooby frees himself and sneaks around the palace, hiding from the guards, while Gilda meets Gretchen in Munkar's harem, and also Ilsa and Sevra, two arrogant slaves who thought they were Munkar's favourites. One night yester to the tournament there's a great orgy for the fighters, and Munkar himself salutes them. Kane is masked to avoid detection, and Zigrid tells he has a bounty on his head. The next day, the tournament begins. Kane, , wins several fights. He is acclaimed by the crowd. Zigrid also proves to be a fighter of worth, making his way into the finals of the tournament. After the tournament, Kane orders Wooby to supply the harem girls with kitchen utensils that could be used as weapons. Munkar requests Zigrid's attention. He tempts Zigrid to kill Kane and bring him his sword, in exchange for the love of Gretchen, taking advantage of his feelings of envy of Kane, who was also in love with Gretchen and vice versa. Zigrid then goes to Kane's chamber and gives him poisoned food. Wooby returns to Kane to find him possibly dead. He then takes a long journey back to a desert, and comes back with a healing flower that restores his health. The next day, Zigrid wins the tournament and gives Munkar the sword and takes Gretchen as his maiden of choice, meanwhile the harem girls make their breakout, and Kane learns of the Amulet of Life hidden by Gretchen inside the mouth of a dragon statue, and he grabs it. Zigrid lies to Gretchen that Munkar killed Kane and they must run away, but Gretchen declines such plans. But then she finds Kane alive and well, and discovers Zigrid's betrayal. Kane fights Zigrid and defeats him, but Munkar appears and takes the Amulet of Life, finally reuniting the three artifacts, and he is turned into a monstrous and powerful himself, with superhuman strength and speed, and fights Kane. There are two interventions in the fight: one from the witch, who is presumably killed by Munkar; and from Gretchen that kills him with the Sword of Justice he dropped. At the end, King Kandor takes back the throne and Kane and Gretchen become lovers."] ['The film begins with the return of a group of friends consisting of Tanis Half-Elven, Sturm Brightblade, Caramon Majere, Raistlin Majere, Flint Fireforge, Tasslehoff Burrfoot. Kitiara Uth Matar, the half sister of the twins Caramon and Raistlin, was supposed to be there as well, but for reasons unexplained at the time could only send a mysterious note. The Companions had separated five years previously to pursue their own quests. On the eve of their reunion, the Companions discover that Solace, the village where many of them made their home, is very different from the peaceful village they had left five years previous. Solace has been taken over by a religious order called the Seekers. They are collaborating with the Dragon Highlords who are preparing for the conquest of the continent of Ansalon. Solace is now an armed camp as hobgoblin soldiers patrol the once peaceful village. Tanis, Flint and Tasslehoff meet up outside of Solace, and as they enter the village, they are accosted by Fewmaaster Toede: a hobgoblin commander, and some of his minions. Forced to fight, the threesome kill Toede\'s minions, and continue to the Inn of the Last Home to meet up with their friends, and, as circumstance would have it, two barbarians, Riverwind and Goldmoon. Kitiara Uth Matar is absent, having sent a letter to Tanis saying that "her new lord is keeping her busy". The Companions soon discover that the Seekers are searching for a Blue Crystal Staff. When Hederick, a Seeker, is accidentally burnt when Riverwind pushes him into the fireplace, Goldmoon heals him with her Blue Crystal Staff, a holy artifact of the goddess Mishakal which possesses healing powers. Upon seeing Goldmoon with the item he had been searching for, Hederick calls for the guards, causing the Companions to flee Solace. Unknown to them at the time, this pulls the Companions into a great struggle against the goddess Takhisis, the Queen of Darkness and leader of the enemy forces. The companions cross a nearby lake by boat in their escape, and Raistlin notes that the constellations known as “The Valiant Warrior” and “The Queen of Darkness” (representations of the True Gods [[Paladine  are absent from the sky, which he claims means that the two gods, the heads of good and evil, respectively, have come to Krynn. The next day, the group is attacked by Draconians. These creatures are numerous among the Dark Queen\'s armies, and often serve as foot soldiers. The Companions are driven into the woods known as "Darken Wood" where they are attacked by undead and rescued by a centaur. The Forestmaster charges the group to go the ruined city of Xak Tsaroth, to retrieve the Disks of Mishakal, containing the teaching of the True Gods and instrumental for the restoration of the faith in the True Gods. After a lengthy trip  and several encounters with the forces of darkness, the companions enter Xak Tsaroth and eventually meet some gully dwarves, diminutive and stupid creatures. One of the dwarves, Bupu, leads them to the dragon Khisanth, who is killed by the holy power of the Blue Crystal Staff. When this happens, Goldmoon is consumed by its flame and presumed dead. However, they find her later resting at the foot of a statue of Mishakal, which now bears the Blue Crystal Staff, having blessed Goldmoon with true clerical powers. The Companions leave with the Disks of Mishakal and Bupu also gives an ancient spellbook  to Raistlin and then returns home to her fellow gully dwarves. After returning to Solace, despite their earlier exploits, to regroup and finding it occupied, the Companions are captured by the evil armies and, along with an elf named Gilthanas, the son of the leader of the elven nation of Qualinesti, are captured and chained in a slave caravan. En route to the fortress and mining site of Pax Tharkas, the group is freed by Gilthanas\'s brother Porthios. They return to Qualinesti and decide to lead an attack on Pax Tharkas to free the slaves of Dragon Highlord Verminaard\'s control. The Companions journey through a secret passage underground to Pax Tharkas and devise a plan to free the slaves. They also heal Elistan, a dying Seeker, and convert him to the faith of the true gods. He becomes the first cleric of Paladine, and eventually the leader of Paladine\'s church on Krynn, becoming a very influential spiritual leader. He also is believed by Goldmoon to be the recipient of the Disks of Mishakal, which she turns over to him. In the carrying out of the plan, they are betrayed by Eben, allowing Verminaard and his dragon to attack the Companions. His dragon is killed by another, insane dragon. Verminaard is killed by Tanis and Sturm.'] ['The film opens with an aged Merlin narrating his story. Britain faces civil war and the Saxon invasion. Meanwhile, the spread of Christianity has left the power of the fey goddess Queen Mab  on the wane. Coupled with the destruction of both Christian and pagan holy sites due to the turmoil, Mab\'s world of magic faces imminent extinction. While her sister, the Lady of the Lake  accepts the inevitable, Mab vows to resist. She decides to create a half-human/half-fey being, a wizard, that she believes will bring people back to the "Old Ways" and save her. Merlin is created by Queen Mab and is born to a human mother, Elissa, though he possesses no mortal father. Elissa dies shortly after giving birth to Merlin, leaving the child to be raised by Ambrosia , an old woman who used to be a pagan but has since rejected Mab and the Old Ways. Ambrosia refuses to give the infant Merlin to Mab, arguing that love is needed to raise a child, and that Mab is not capable of providing it. Mab seems to agree and leaves, but warns Ambrosia that one day she will return and take him away once he manifests his powers. Merlin grows up with no knowledge of his true heritage, until he uses magic for the first time to save a nobleman\'s daughter named Nimue . For saving her life, she grants him a kiss. They exchange names and Merlin vows never to forget her. On returning home he tells Ambrosia of him saving Nimue. Ambrosia realizes it is time for Merlin to go to Mab, and tells him of his past. Merlin is taken to Mab\'s underground palace, where she plans to train him in magic until he becomes the greatest wizard of all time. Merlin spends some time learning magical skills from Frik , Mab\'s shape-shifting gnome servant. But in his heart, he wants nothing to do with Mab or magic, which infuriates her. Out of boredom, Merlin unknowingly calls the Lady of the Lake, who "accidentally" blurts out that Queen Mab let his birth mother die, and that Ambrosia is dying. Merlin arrives in time to see the end of an argument between Mab and Ambrosia; Mab, furious at Ambrosia\'s refusal to convince Merlin to return to her, lashes out with her magic, severely injuring Ambrosia. She is unable to survive, and in her last breath, makes Merlin swear to only listen to his heart. Merlin vows to defeat her, and whilst Mab expresses seemingly genuine regret for the deaths of his mother and Ambrosia, she merely describes them as "casualties of war" and reminds Merlin that she and her people are rapidly facing extinction. She swears she will make Merlin help her, whether he wants to or not. On Ambrosia\'s grave, he makes a blood-oath that he will never use magic except to defeat Mab. Many years later, Merlin is summoned to see the tyrant King Vortigern . Upon his arrival he learns that a pagan soothsayer has promised the King that Merlin’s blood will prevent the destruction of his ever-collapsing castle. This soothsayer had earlier asked Queen Mab for help in solving the tyrant King’s request, and she suggested finding a man “with no mortal father”, thus leading him to Merlin. However, Merlin informs the King that his castle is being built on water, and that he would be more useful alive since his dreams can predict the future. The King spares Merlin but throws him into a dungeon. Nimue recognizes the captive Merlin and persuades King Vortigern to release him. Merlin and Nimue grow close, but Mab, determined to make Merlin break his oath, plots against their union and has Nimue sacrificed to a great dragon, with Merlin watching. Merlin ends up using magic, breaking his oath, to tie down the dragon, but can\'t save Nimue from getting injured by the dragon. She is sent to Avalon to recover, and Merlin leaves to defeat Vortigern and his new ally, Mab. Soon Merlin dreams of two dragons, a red defeating a white. The red dragon is that of Uther Pendragon, whose father, King Constant  was murdered by Vortigern to seize his throne. Merlin helps Uther win his war against Vortigern, by informing him of Vortigern\'s unprecedented winter attack, and leading Uther\'s forces to confront him on a frozen river. Merlin himself kills Vortigern with the aid of the magical sword Excalibur, given to him as a gift by the Lady of the Lake. He believes that Uther will be a just, decent king and gives Excalibur to him. However, Uther soon becomes obsessed with Igraine , the wife of the Duke of Cornwall. Merlin, worried about Uther misusing Excalibur, tricks Uther out of the sword and places it within a living mountain, the Rock of Ages , who promises to keep it until a true king arrives, a man with a good heart. But after Merlin leaves Uther without Excalibur, he returns later to see madness and lust have clouded his mind. Uther lays siege to Cornwall\'s castle, but cannot break through, and while his attention is focused there, the rest of England falls back into civil war. To stop the insanity, Merlin strikes a deal with Uther. He will help Uther bed Igraine, in exchange for guardianship of the child born from the union, and for the Duke and his men to be spared. Once this is agreed, Merlin uses magic to transform Uther’s appearance into that of the Duke\'s, while Uther\'s forces lead Cornwall and his men away. Uther enters the castle and sleeps with Igraine. Igraine’s young and disfigured daughter, Morgan le Fay , is the only one who sees through Uther’s disguise. But Uther betrays Merlin, going back on his word and having Cornwall and his men slaughtered. Merlin forever regrets allowing this to happen. Igraine eventually begins to give birth to the baby, while Frik meets and amuses Morgan through his magic; in return she promises to place a black stone beneath the baby’s sheets in his crib, thus cursing his life. Igraine then gives birth to Arthur, but at the cost of her own life. Mab then confronts Merlin, proclaiming Arthur to be damned, but Merlin vows to raise him for the good, and help bring her down. In time, Arthur, now living with Sir Ector and unaware of his heritage, is tutored throughout his childhood by Merlin. He teaches him ethics and morals, hoping to make Arthur the image of goodness and a perfect king. Uther during this time meanwhile, goes mad and finally commits suicide, which leaves the kingdom in turmoil over who will be the new King. Merlin informs Arthur of his rightful place as the only son of Uther and true heir to the throne. Mab attempts to assassinate Arthur by unleashing a pack of griffins; though Merlin foils the attack by directing a swarm of wasps to drive the monsters off, he is reminded Mab is still an ever-present threat. Mab, likewise, is goaded to take more direct action in the wake of her assassins\' failure and the realization she is losing her power more and more quickly. With the throne vacant, all the noblemen in the kingdom try to take Excalibur from the Rock of Ages, but none can. With Mab and Merlin watching, Arthur arrives and tries to take the sword. Mab pleads with the rock to not let Arthur have the sword, saying he will bring bloodshed like his father, and will destroy all the old ways. But Arthur replies that he doesn\'t know what he will be, only what he is. This wise response makes the Rock of Ages see the goodness in Arthur, and it loosens its grip, but Mab heats the sword. Arthur persists in removing it, and with burning, blood-soaked hands, raises it for all the surrounding people to see . When Merlin presents Arthur to the noblemen, not all recognize him as their rightful king. But some, including King Lot\'s son, declare him king, through both his revealed heritage and the sword Excalibur. But many of the nobles refuse to heed Merlin\'s words to end the cycle of violence; they storm off to fight for the throne, with armies now mobilized. Arthur avoids a battle against Lord Lot by daring the latter to use Excalibur to kill him; the magic of the sword convinces Lot to submit. Arthur is crowned King and institutes the Round Table. Arthur then decides to build Camelot and fulfill Merlin\'s dreams. Merlin leaves, thinking the kingdom is finally at peace, but Mab comes up with a counter-plan of her own. She instructs Frik to seek out Arthur\'s half-sister Morgan Le Fay and poison her mind by making her beautiful, and has her seduce the young King, who is unaware of their relationship. Morgan and Arthur\'s act of incest eventually reaches Merlin, who races back to Camelot to confront Arthur. After learning the sickening truth, Merlin tells Arthur that Morgan will give birth to Arthur\'s abomination of a son, Mordred, whom Mab raises to become Arthur\'s downfall and bring back the Old Ways. As the demonic Mordred is from a cursed union, he is exceptionally strong and grows at an abnormally fast rate. Arthur starts construction of his castle Camelot and marries Guinevere . He then wishes to take his knights on a quest for the Holy Grail, so he holds a tournament to find a champion who will defend and complete Camelot in his absence. Knowing that Arthur\'s enemies would take advantage of his absence, the Lady of the Lake guides Merlin to a “good man”, and he finds Sir Lancelot with his wife Elaine and their son, Galahad. Merlin brings Lancelot back to Camelot, where he then wins the tournament. Unfortunately, in Arthur\'s absence, Guinevere and Lancelot become infatuated with each other and embark on a love affair, despite Merlin warning of the consequences. Mab magically makes sure Lancelot’s wife can see his betrayal, and she is found dead at the shores of Camelot not long after. Merlin accuses Lancelot of killing her through heartbreak and he flees Camelot in his guilt and shame. Arthur and his knights return to the city shortly afterwards, their quest a failure. Mordred then makes his presence as Arthur\'s son and heir known and reveals Guinevere\'s betrayal to all. Outmanoeuvered by Mordred, Arthur is forced to condemn her to be burned at the stake for treason. Mid-way through the execution, Arthur changes his mind and begs Merlin to save her, so Merlin makes it rain, which saves Guinevere long enough for Lancelot to fight his way into Camelot and ride off with her to safety. Furious, Mordred confronts Arthur, who denounces and banishes him. Mordred begins to raise an army among those dissatisfied with Arthur and Merlin. Meanwhile, Frik and Morgan le Fay have fallen in love after Mab’s magic makes them both beautiful. When Morgan refuses to allow Mab to further use Mordred for her own ends, Mab kills her with Frik watching. Frik holds the dying Morgan and their true ugly forms return, but they both call each other beautiful anyway and she dies in his arms. Frik vows revenge on Mab, so she takes his powers away. He later joins Arthur\'s army. Queen Mab then lures Nimue into a magical wilderness and removes the scars from her past injury, explaining she wishes to keep Merlin out of the way so that he cannot intervene in the battle to come. Wanting to be with him, Nimue agrees and sends for Merlin. He comes to her, but senses a trap when he realizes that the idyllic paradise they are in is a creation of Mab\'s. However, Nimue compels him to give up his war with her and simply be at peace. Meanwhile, the armies of Mordred and Arthur prepare themselves for the battle. Many on both sides are slain, and in a climatic duel, Arthur defeats Mordred. Mordred deals Arthur a fatal blow before Arthur kills him. Merlin, having heard the screams of battle and knowing Arthur is dying, leaves Nimue to go to his aid. However, once he leaves their haven, it seals behind him . Knowing he has lost her forever, Merlin races to Arthur\'s side, and to seek retribution against Mab. At the battlefield, both Mab and Merlin witness the deaths of their protégés; Mab\'s dark magic is unable to save Mordred, while Arthur lives long enough for Merlin to arrive. Arthur tells Merlin to return Excalibur to whence it came, as no-one can be allowed to wield its power. Merlin comforts Arthur with the knowledge that he was a great king and the right man to wield Excalibur. He leaves Arthur to return the sword, grief-stricken as his king, student and friend dies behind him. Merlin gives Excalibur back to the Lady of the Lake, who has been slowly dying as the Old Ways are being rejected and forgotten. Angry and sorrowful, Merlin accuses her of lying to him about the guardian of Camelot, but he realizes the Lady had meant Galahad instead of Lancelot. She comforts a grieving Merlin with the words “It\'s human to make mistakes, Merlin and part of you is human...the best part”. She then bids Merlin farewell, saying that her sister Mab was right about one thing, "When we\'re forgotten, we cease to exist". Merlin encounters Frik among the survivors of Arthur\'s army, who warns him that although Mab is greatly weakened, she is still dangerous. Furious, Merlin returns to Camelot with the intention of confronting Mab, where he finds her sitting at the Round Table. With nothing more to lose, the pair engage in an intense magical duel that destroys the Round Table. Unable to vanquish Merlin, Mab mocks him and tells him that he and his human followers can\'t destroy her, but Merlin knows that there are few people that believe in the Old Ways. He turns his back on her telling her that everyone will forget her, and in forgetting, she will no longer exist. Everyone leaves, ignoring Mab\'s furious calls, and soon, she fades away into nothing, just the way she had feared from the beginning. At the film\'s conclusion, the wizened Merlin is shown as a pauper telling his story for money. An aged Frik finds him, mentioning, "It\'s not exactly as I remember," to which Merlin replies, "They like it better this way." After following Frik, he finds his aged magic horse. Frik then says it will lead him to his love, Nimue. When Merlin asks how, Frik says that when Mab disappeared forever, so did the remnants of her magic, allowing Nimue to escape her magic prison. Merlin thanks his old friend and mentor for everything, but Frik modestly replies, "Oh, there\'s no need to thank me. I just love happy endings". So Merlin rides off to find Nimue. Merlin finally finds and embraces Nimue, at the old forest home of Ambrosia. Both lovers are now old, but Merlin uses the last of his power to restore their youth so that they can finally spend their lives together. His closing words are "There is no more! This is the End Of Magic..."'] ["The film is set around the time when many Europeans had changed their religion from paganism to Christianity. The film is split into three parts, and comprises the story of Siegfried from childhood to his death.  The film opens with a young Siegfried awakening in the middle of an invasion of his parents' castle by Saxons. The castle is soon overrun and all are slain except for Siegfried, whose mother has sent him down the river. In the morning he is picked up by a blacksmith, Eyvind, who raises him under the name Erik. Twelve years later, Brunhild, the Queen of Iceland  follows her adviser's runes that lead her to where Erik lives. The runes foretell that a star will fall from the sky and from its smoke a man will appear who will defeat her. Brunhild initially has doubts as no one has ever beaten her in a fight before, thanks to her pagan belt. That night a meteor hits the earth near the smithy and despite Eyvind's warning, Erik goes to investigate. In the middle of the crater there are two rocks of a strange kind of metal. Wearing a cloak over her face, Brunhild arrives and Erik, believing she is a Saxon, attacks her. After a short battle he defeats her, and she instantly falls in love with him. After making love Erik promises to go to Iceland to meet Brunhild and they fall asleep. In the morning Erik wakes up alone after Brunhild has taken one of the rocks and left. Erik convinces Eyvind to let Erik go with him to Burgund  and on their way down the river they see a town in flames. Once in Burgund the hawk Harmillias, belonging to King Gunther's brother Giselher, lands on Erik's arm and there is a brief fight between Erik and some of the townspeople. Afterwards Eyvind presents his swords to Gunther, who reveals that the dragon Fafnir has awakened and is responsible for the burnt village. King Gunther and his best men, including army chief Hagen, leave to slay the dragon; Giselher befriends Erik and says that his sister Kriemhild is wanted by every man in the kingdom but she doesn't want any of them. Eyvind leaves Erik to use the rock from the meteor to make a sword. Gunther returns injured with Hagen; all the other knights have been killed. Erik promises to Kriemhild that Gunther and his men will be avenged. In a fierce battle, Erik manages to slay Fafnir while receiving only a scratch on his arm. Seeing that Fafnir's blood has healed his scratch, Erik bathes in the blood, rendering his skin invulnerable .  Erik explores the cave and finds a vast hall filled with treasure. He finds a ring, the Ring of the Nibelung, and is then confronted by ghosts of immortal twilight beings, the Nibelung. They warn him that taking any of the treasure will bring the curse down on him but he does not listen and takes the ring and promises to come back for the rest. Outside he is attacked by an ex-Nibelung who is also Hagen's father Alberich, he soon defeats Alberich and takes his tarn-helm, an item that lets him take the shape of anyone else. Erik returns to Burgund with the dragon's head and shows it to the people and Gunther proclaims he is a hero which makes Hagen jealous. That night, at a large party Erik meets a woman and they spend the night, Erik is also confronted by Kriemhild and tells her he is already in love with another woman . Meanwhile, the entire dragon's hoard is moved to the Burgund treasury and fills it near to overflowing. The Saxons suddenly decide to invade Burgund to take the gold and Erik rides with the army to confront the twin Saxon kings, the men who slew his father. During a short fight Erik remembers who he is, then he declares the kingdom to be split between himself and King Gunther. He sadly remembers his father's death, giving the two Saxons the choice to leave but they attack again and are slain. It is also at this point that Eyvind  passes away from old age and Siegfried gives him a proper pagan funeral in his honor. A raven lands on his arm that delivers a message to Brunhild that Erik is actually Siegfried of Xanten, and that he will visit her soon. Having overheard Kriemhild and Erik at the party, Hagen's father makes a potion that Kriemhild gives Erik that causes him to fall in love with her and forget Brunhild. A raven who would deliver this news to Brunhild is then shot down by Hagen.  Siegfried, having forgotten about Brunhild, asks to marry Kriemhild but Hagen reminds Gunther that he must marry before any of his siblings. Gunther reveals he is pining for Brunhild, but he is not the best fighter and she challenges all her suitors to single combat and no-one has beaten her yet. Gunther promises Siegfried that he may marry Kriemhild if he uses the tarn-helm to look like Gunther and defeat Brunhild; Siegfried accepts this offer. On the ship to Iceland Giselher has stowed away and after support from Siegfried, Gunther lets him accompany them to Iceland. Once they arrive Brunhild is immensely happy that Siegfried has returned to her but is shocked to see that he doesn't recognize her or is challenging her. She challenges Gunther to single combat with double bladed axes on the condition that if he loses it will cost him his life. He agrees partially because it will be Siegfried fighting, not him. The fight starts and unbeknown to everyone else Giselher sees the two Gunthers and becomes suspicious but tells no one. Brunhild loses the fight after the two fall off a waterfall and Siegfried saves her. She reluctantly and sadly returns to Burgund and marries Gunther next to Siegfried and Kriemhild who are also marrying. Brunhild confronts Siegfried who  claims he never loved her which deeply upsets her. She takes her anger out by first challenging Siegfried to combat which he purposely loses to take away any thoughts that it was him who defeated Brunhild, then Brunhild ties Gunther up and leaves him for the night greatly convinced she had been deceived. Gunther requests Siegfried use the tarn-helm again to get the belt away from Brunhild which he does. Giselher again sees two Gunthers and tells his girlfriend Lena what he saw. Siegfried returns to his bedroom to see Kriemhild waiting for him, she convinces him to explain what has happened and he does. The next day outside the church Kriemhild is stopped because she cannot enter before Brunhild, Brunhild arrives quickly afterwards and Kriemhild reveals to her that it was Siegfried who defeated her both in Iceland and in her bedroom. She proves it by showing Brunhild her belt around Kriemhild's waist. This drives Brunhild over the edge. Hagen kills Alberich after not returning the tarn-helm to him and then convinces Gunther to exile Siegfried to Xanten. Brunhild comes and demands that she have justice for the wrongs committed against her, she demands they kill Siegfried at the following day's hunt or she will kill herself. Siegfried confronts Kriemhild who breaks down after thinking about all she has done, Siegfried assures her that everything is all right, and that they are leaving to live in Xanten the next day after the hunt. The men leave for the hunt, where Gunther and Hagen plot to cause Siegfried's death, but for a long time they are unable to. Kriemhild confronts Brunhild again and returns her belt, Brunhild reveals her troubled state of mind is because of Siegfried forgetting about their love. Kriemhild confesses using the potion. Brunhild realizes that it was not Siegfried's fault that he forgot her and that she has just sentenced him to death. On the hunt Hagen kills Siegfried by throwing a javelin through his weak spot . Siegfried remembers his love for Brunhild and says her name before death seizes him. His body is found by Giselher before they must go back to Burgund and it is wept over by Kriemhild. Gunther claims it was a Saxon ambush but she accuses him of murder by envy and guilt. She throws the Nibelung's ring onto the ground  and Gunther and Hagen fight over it to Gunther's death. Giselher then tries to kill Hagen but is easily overpowered. A vengeful Brunhild arrives and kills the men who allied themselves with Hagen using the belt that Kriemhild returned to her earlier. Brunhild beheads Hagen and disappears.  Kriemhild places the ring on Siegfried's hand as they give him a pagan funeral. Giselher wishes the Pagan gods would live again on his death but Lena tells him that the Pagan gods die with him. When the boat has burst into flames Brunhild appears from below Siegfried's altar and kills herself with his sword. She collapses on top of Siegfried's body, and the boat sinks into the river where the treasure hoard is shown having been thrown into the river."] ['{{plot}} The film opens on a long strand of beach, where several people in white robes gather around a young man named Ilius, adorning him in a vest of leather armor, while an old man hands him a bow and a set of arrows, summoning it to fly to them. The old man tells Ilius the tale of an ancient warrior god named Kronos, who once wielded the bow, and how when he ran out of arrows, the sun itself seemed to vanish from the sky, transferring itself to his bow, making arrows out of pure sunlight. After telling Ilius this tale, the old man and his people depart as Ilius wordlessly departs down the beach. We are then introduced to a powerful sorceress named Ohkren, a woman whose entire head is adorned in a golden mask as she recites a magical chant to make the sun rise before a large gathering of cave-dwelling people. However, it turns out that Ohkren is a sadistic, cruel witch who commands a savage army of wolfmen who quickly invade the caves of these people, slaying their leader, and grabbing a young woman who attempts to flee, and is graphically torn into quarters as Ohkren cracks her severed head open, seemingly devouring part of her brain. In a strange, dreamlike sequence, Ohkren and her wolfmen partake in hallucinogenic drugs when suddenly, a young man devoid of any facial features charges into their chamber, and dispatches Ohkren and the wolfmen with the same magic bow that was given to Ilius. It is then revealed that this was all part of a vision, as Ohkren fears a lone wanderer shall come to slay her. In a fog-filled murky swamp, a lone girl with skin covered in ash, is collecting water from the marshes when she is suddenly attacked by a group of masked men. But they are killed when Ilius arrives with his bow and arrows at the ready. Unfortunately, he soon runs out of arrows and tries to flee, a group of Ohkren\'s wolfmen attack him, but just when it seems that Ilius will die, he is saved by a lone muscular man who easily fends off the attackers with a rock attached to a sling. The lone man reveals his name to be Mace, he offers to accompany Ilius in exchange for saving his life and if Ilius teaches him how to use the bow. Ohkren is quickly informed of her warriors\' failure to kill Ilius, and she resolves to have him dead, no matter what it takes. Its revelaed that Mace has a sort of Beastmasterish type of power as he rescues a hawk and nurtures it back to health. Mace has developed a bit of talent with Ilius\' bow and shows off by killing a lone caveman, for no apparent reason. They take shelter in a cave for the night, but as they sleep, Ohkren\'s wolfmen trap the two heroes inside, blocking all the entrances with burning bushes. Ilius and Mace make an escape through a hole in the ground, but once again find themselves trapped. Fortunately, Ilius notices a snake on the ground slithering through a small hole in the cave wall, Mace fiugres they can get out the same way the snake did. The two quickly break through the thin stone wall and make their escape. This failure is again noticed by Ohkren when she has another vision of the faceless warrior. As punishment, she tortures the leader of her wolfmen to death, and quickly summons a being dressed in plated armor skirt and a plated mask named Zora, who swears that he shall kill the wanderer for her. As Ilius and Mace continue their travels, they come across a small tribe of the cave people, who are apparently familiar with Mace, and invite them in for the night. During the feast they hold, Ilius recognizes one of the girls in the tribe as the girl he saved in the swamps, who has taken a strong liking to him. In the dead of night as the others sleep, the girl takes Ilius to the outside of the cave in an attempt to have sex with him, but Ohkren\'s warriors have tracked down Ilius and Mace and viciously slaughter the girl and all her people. Ilius is dragged away by the attackers as Mace is knocked out in the attack. When he awakens, Mace resolves to rescue Ilius, as he has come to accept Ilius as his one friend. He manages to find the band of Ohkren\'s warriors with Ilius in tow as they have all made camp for the night. Mace swiftly dispatches several of the warriors as he frees Ilius, who manages to grab his magic bow and help Mace slay the rest of their enemies. At this point, Ilius finally explains to Mace that he is on a quest to slay the evil sorceress Ohkren, and put an end to her reign of terror over the people of the land. Although Mace tries to convince Ilius to go back to his land, as Ohkren is too powerful, Ilius refuses to go home until his task is complete. Mace eventually decides that he shall aid Ilius in any way he can, but he still feels that this is a fools errand, as no man has ever managed to slay Ohkren yet. After inexplicably building a raft and then abandoning it. Mace and Ilius travel through an open field, Mace notices that he and Ilius have wandered into an area with some sort of sentient plant. The plant soon reveals its predatory nature by firing a massive rain of quills in order to kill them. Realizing they don\'t stand a chance, Mace and Ilius try to run to safer ground. They soon reach the small beach where they abandoned their raft, but Ilius is suddenly shot in the leg with a quill, which was coated with an extremely deadly poison which manifests itself in boils that ooze blood and pus. They depart the beach via the raft, but with Ilius growing more and more ill, Mace brings the raft to a small island, where he explains that there are some special plants that could heal the ailment. Mace rushes off to the heart of the island where he soon enters a dark and foreboding swamp. He quickly locates the plant, but as he makes his way back to Ilius, he is attacked by a large band of zombies. Upon discovering that they can be killed by impalment, he dispatches a few and manages to escape the rest. Mace returns to Ilius, who begs him to hurry and end his pain, but to his surprise, Mace grabs a large rock, preparing to kill him with it, but he is suddenly attacked by another Mace. The two warriors clash until one Mace manages to pin the other to the sand with a large branch. The pinned Mace laughs and reveals himself to be Zora, the plated skirt spirit that Ohkren had summoned, just before he disappears into thin air. Although shaken by the encounter, Mace quickly makes the healing plant into a paste through the night and administers it to Ilius\' wounds, effectively terminating the poison from the arrow. With Ilius fully recovered, he decides to continue on his journey to kill Ohkren, but this time, Mace refuses to go with him, as he is not willing to die for a task that cannot be done. Although disappointed, Ilius decides to respect his friends wish and offers his bow to Mace as a gift. Mace refuses, stating that the bow has brought too much pain and death to too many people since their adventure started. Ilius then rows off to sea with the raft as Mace departs back the way they came. As Mace travels along the rocky coast, he is soon ambushed by a band of white furry creatures. They demand to know where Ilius is and when he refuses to reveal that information they tie him to a wooden "X" one the edge of a cliff. Meanwhile, Ilius realizes that he can\'t abandon his friend nor can he continue alone. Ilius returns to the coast that the creatures dwell near and spots Mace and quickly realizes the predicament. Ilius attacks the creatures with his magic bow, harnessing the sun arrows power at last as he is no longer afraid of the dangers that await him, unlocking his true potential. However, he is unable to prevent one last survivor of the creatures from pushing Mace off the cliff into the sea below. Mace sinks to the bottom of the sea and is unable to free himself as he is tied to the cross, and nearly drowns, but he uses his animal power and calls two dolphins who half heartedly save him. Ilius, despondent over Mace\'s death or his own culpability in Mace\'s demise, is relieved to find him on the beach and resuscitates him. In gratitude for saving his life, Mace agrees to stay with Ilius for the remainder of their journey. Making camp in another cave, Ilius is soon dragged under the ground by some sort of creature. As he loses his bow, he isn\'t able to put up a fight and is last seen being drug into the dark. Mace is awakened by Ilius\'s cries and jumps into the hole after him. Mace, unable to see clearly, manages to fight off a few of the creatures, until he is overpowered and thrown into a small pit. Mace soon awakens a horde of bats inside the cave, and in the madness of their whole swarm flying around him, Mace notices a blue bat who seems to guide him through a small tunnel that he can use to escape. He reaches the exit, but his elation is deflated as he soon notices blood dripping on him. Upon glancing up, he notices Ilius hanging upside down from the ceiling of the cave, decapitated. Zora is then shown in Ohkren\'s chamber, carrying Ilius\' severed head in his hand, as Ohkren rejoices at having destroyed the one who would kill her. Her victory is cut short when she sees the head open its eyes and realizes that though Ilius\'s body may be dead, his soul lives and that for as long as it does she remains in danger. Back in the caves, Mace has built a funeral pyre for Ilius. As he stands at his side, Mace hears Ilius\' voice, telling him that with his death, he passes the powers he inherited from Kronos unto Mace. When the fire dies down, Mace rubs the ashes of Ilius onto his skin, personally resolving to finish Ilius\' quest, and to slay Ohkren for him. On the cliff where Ohkren was first shown raising the sun, she is once again reciting the sun chant, surrounded by her remaining soldiers and Zora. She is suddenly interrupted Mace, who announces that he has come to avenge Ilius and that this day, the sun shall rise without Ohkren. Stretching out his hand, Mace is now able to summon forth the bow just as the old man did in the beginning. With newfound resolve and courage, Mace easily slaughters the rest of Ohkren\'s soldiers. Zora takes off leaving Ohkren to die. She quickly flees by teleporting into her chamber, however, Mace undaunted fires an arrow that goes through the mountain and knocks her mask off. When Mace arrives in Ohkren\'s chamber, the sorceress rises, revealing her face to be that of a rotted zombie, but apparently blinded as she is unable to find Mace. Knowing Ilius\' task is close to an end, Mace fires one final arrow into Ohkren\'s heart, seemingly slaying the sorceress. However, she is later seen in her wolf form running off with Zora, who has also returned to his wolf form. The cave people, and the people across the land take notice of the change brought on by Ohkren\'s death, and the film ends as Mace departs from the cave, walking off into the distant sunrise with Ilius\' bow strapped to his back, finally at peace that he has avenged his friend, and finished what he started.'] ["{{Expand section}}  Set in the kingdom of Ehb, the story follows a man called Farmer , an orphan who was adopted by the village. When Farmer's wife, Solana , and his son leave to sell vegetables at the town of Stonebridge, his farm is attacked by creatures called Krug. With the help of his friend and mentor, Norrick , he fights off the Krug and travels to Stonebridge. However, the Krug kill his son and capture his wife. Accompanied by Norrick and Bastian , his brother-in-law, Farmer intends to find and rescue his wife. The Krug are being controlled by the wizard Gallian  who is amassing an army to overthrow King Konreid , with the assistance of the King's nephew, Fallow ."] ["{{Plot|dateThe beginningThe sword in the stoneGuenevere and CamelotLancelot and GuenevereQuest for the GrailThe final battle Arthur finds Guenevere at a convent, where they reconcile. She gives him Excalibur, which she has kept safe since the day she fled. Frustrated in preparation for battle against Morgana's allies, Arthur calls to Merlin, unknowingly awakening the wizard from his enchanted slumber. Merlin and Arthur have one final conversation before Merlin vanishes. The wizard then appears to Morgana as a shadow and tricks her into uttering the Charm of Making, producing a fog from the breath of the Dragon, and exhausting her own magical powers which had kept her young. She rapidly ages, and her own son, repulsed by the sight of his once beautiful mother now reduced to a decrepit old crone, kills her. Arthur and Mordred's forces meet in battle, with Arthur's side benefiting from the fog which conceals the smallness of their army. Lancelot unexpectedly arrives and turns the tide of battle. He later collapses from the old, self-inflicted wound, which never healed. Arthur and Lancelot reconcile, and Lancelot dies with Arthur's honors. Mordred stabs Arthur with a spear, but Arthur further impales himself to get within reach of the boy. Arthur kills Mordred with Excalibur. After first ignoring Arthur's dying wish that he throw Excalibur into a pool of calm water, Perceval then finally throws it into the pool, where the Lady of the Lake catches it. Perceval returns to see Arthur lying on a ship, attended by three formally posed ladies clad in white, sailing into the sun toward the Isle of Avalon."] ['    {{Quote box}} |align  250px |border  85% |salign 68}} The film opens with the words, "That which does not kill us makes us stronger", a paraphrasing of Friedrich Nietzsche,The film quotes a paraphrasing by G. Gordon Liddy, former assistant to United States President Richard Nixon. The original line is from Nietzsche\'s Twilight of the Idols, "From life\'s school of war: what does not kill me makes me stronger."{{Sfn}}{{Sfn}} "A burst of drums and trumpets" accompanies the forging of a sword,{{Sfn}} after which the scene shifts to a mountain top, where the swordsmith tells his young son Conan about the Riddle of Steel, an aphorism on the importance of the metal to their people,{{Sfn}} the Cimmerians.{{Sfn}}{{Sfn}} They meet Valeria, a female brigand. The three burgle the "Tower of Serpents", a temple of Doom\'s snake cult, and steal a large jewel&mdash;the Eye of the Serpent&mdash;and other valuables; Conan and Subotai also battle and slay a large snake. After escaping with their loot, the thieves celebrate and end up in a drunken stupor. The city guards capture them and bring them to King Osric. He requests they rescue his daughter, who has joined Doom\'s cult. Subotai and Valeria do not want to take up the quest; Conan, motivated by his hatred for Doom, sets off alone to the villain\'s Temple of Set.{{Sfn}}{{Sfn}} and warns that they will "extract a heavy toll", which Valeria is willing to pay. These spirits also try to abduct Conan, but he is restored to health after Valeria and Subotai fend them off.{{Sfn}}{{Sfn}} Conan sneaks back into the temple where Doom stands at the top of a long stairway, addressing the members of his cult. Conan confronts Doom, who attempts to mesmerize him, but the barbarian resists and uses his father\'s sword to behead his nemesis. After throwing Doom\'s head down the stairs, Conan burns down the temple.{{Sfn}}'] ['Taran is "assistant pig-keeper" on the small farm of Caer Dallben, home of Dallben the enchanter. Taran dreams of becoming a great warrior, but must stop daydreaming because his charge, the oracular pig Hen Wen, is in danger. The Horned King, a fearsome, skeletal, undead king who wears antler horns on his head, hopes she will help him find the Black Cauldron, which has the power to restore a kind of life to the dead, as undead slaves called "the Cauldron-Born", which he will use to rule the world. Dallben directs Taran to take Hen Wen to safety, but the lad\'s negligence results in the pig\'s capture by the Horned King\'s forces. Taran follows them to the Horned King\'s stronghold and acquires the small, pestering companion Gurgi along the way. Taran leaves Gurgi to sneak into the castle and rescues Hen Wen, who flees, but he is captured himself and thrown into the dungeon, soon to be released by Princess Eilonwy, a girl his age who is also trying to escape. In the catacombs beneath the castle, Taran and Eilonwy discover the ancient burial chamber of a king, where he arms himself with the king\'s sword. It contains magic that allows him effectively to fight the Horned King\'s minions and so to fulfill his dream of heroism. Along with a third captive, the comical, middle-aged bard Fflewddur Fflam, they escape the castle and are soon reunited with Gurgi. Following Hen Wen\'s trail, the four stumble into the underground kingdom of the Fair Folk, small fairy-like beings who reveal that Hen Wen is under their protection. When the cheerful, elderly King Eiddileg reveals that he knows where the cauldron is, Taran resolves to go destroy it himself. Eilonwy, Fflewddur, and Gurgi agree to join him and Eiddileg\'s obnoxious right-hand man Doli is assigned to lead them to the Marshes of Morva while the Fair Folk agree to escort Hen Wen safely back to Caer Dallben. At the marshes they learn that the cauldron is held by three witches, the grasping Orddu, who acts as leader, the greedy Orgoch, and the more benevolent Orwen, who falls in love with Fflewddur at first sight; they cause a frighted Doli to abandon the group. Orddu agrees to trade the cauldron for Taran\'s sword, and he agrees, although he knows that to yield it will cost his chance for heroism. Before vanishing, the witches reveal that the cauldron is indestructible, and that its power can be broken only by someone who climbs in under his own free will, which will kill him. None of the companions will do that, so it seems Taran has traded his sword for nothing. Taran feels foolish for aspiring to destroy the cauldron alone, but his longer companions show their belief in him, and it appears that he and Eilonwy will kiss. The Horned King\'s soldiers interrupt, finally reaching the marshes themselves. They seize the cauldron and everyone but Gurgi, and return to the castle. The Horned King uses the cauldron to raise the dead and his Cauldron-Born army begins to pour out into the world. Gurgi manages to free the captives and Taran resolves to cast himself into the cauldron, but Gurgi stops that and advances himself instead. The undead army collapses. When the Horned King spots Taran at large, he infers the turn of events and throws the youth toward the cauldron, but the cauldron\'s magic is out of control. It consumes the Horned King and destroys the castle, using up all its powers. The three witches come to recover the now inert Black Cauldron. Taran has finally realized Gurgi\'s true friendship, however, and he persuades them to revive the wild thing in exchange for the cauldron, giving up his magical sword permanently. Fflewddur goads the reluctant witches to go ahead and demonstrate their powers by the revival, which they do. The four friends journey back to Caer Dallben where Dallben and Doli watch them in a vision created by Hen Wen, and Dallben finally praises Taran for heroism.'] ['Fearful of a prophecy stating that a girl child will be born to bring about her downfall, the evil Queen Bavmorda  imprisons all pregnant women within her realm, the formidable stronghold of Nockmaar. The child, Elora Danan, is born in the Nockmaar dungeons and identified as the prophesied child by a birthmark on her arm. Before the black sorceress arrives to claim the child, Elora\'s mother convinces her reluctant midwife to escape with the baby. Bavmorda sends her daughter Sorsha  and General Kael , the leader of her army, after the midwife to retrieve Elora. After a long pursuit, Nockmaar hounds finally catch up with the midwife. Knowing she can\'t escape, she puts the baby on a makeshift raft and sends it downstream, trusting fate to run its course, just before she is caught and torn apart by the hounds. The child washes up on shore near a village inhabited by a race of dwarf-like people called Nelwyns  and is found by the children of Willow Ufgood , a farmer and amateur conjurer. Willow is at first reluctant to take in the baby, but eventually comes to care for her. The next day, Willow and his children attend a celebration in their village and Willow takes part in a \'test of magic\' to become the apprentice to the village\'s wizard. During the celebration, a Nockmaar hound that was tracking the baby attacks the village. Once the cause of the attack is found, Willow is chosen by the town council to return the child to the world of the "large people," or Daikini . The first Daikini that Willow comes upon is a boastful warrior named Madmartigan , being held captive in a "crow\'s cage" by the side of the road for theft. Seeing a way to escape his cage, Madmartigan offers to take care of the baby. During their interaction, they meet the retreating army of the kingdom of Galladoorn, which was recently destroyed by Bavmorda, under the leadership of Madmartigan\'s old friend Airk Thaughbaer, an officer in the army. Willow entrusts the baby to Madmartigan, but on his way home, Willow is attacked by a clan of brownies, who stole the baby from Madmartigan. Willow is taken to the fairy queen of the forest, Cherlindrea , who tells him that the baby, Elora Danan, has chosen Willow to be her guardian. She gives Willow her magic wand and commissions him to find the sorceress Fin Raziel, with two of her brownies, Franjean and Rool, acting as his guides. Along the way, they bump into Madmartigan again, who helps them escape from Sorsha. Willow and the rest of the group finally meet Fin Raziel , only to find that the sorceress has been turned into a possum by Bavmorda. Soon afterwards Sorsha captures Willow and the others, and they start the long trek to Nockmaar castle. In a mountain camp, Willow attempts to use magic to turn Fin Raziel back into her human form, but transforms her into a Rook instead. Franjean and Rool cause further mayhem when they accidentally expose Madmartigan to a fairy love dust they are carrying, which makes him become infatuated with Sorsha, but eventually they manage to escape. The group arrives at the castle of Tir Asleen, which has been put under Bavmorda\'s spell; all its inhabitants are frozen in ice. Madmartigan, refusing to give up hope, prepares for Sorsha\'s attack while Willow once again fails to transform Raziel into human form, this time turning her into a goat. Sorsha, Kael, and their army arrive and give battle. Willow encounters a few trolls, and after a botched magic spell, transforms one into a giant two-headed monster . Luckily, the remnants of the Army of Galladoorn arrive just in time to help their friends. Amidst the melee, Sorsha finally realizes her love for Madmartigan. Kael, however, seizes Elora and takes her to Nockmaar. The heroes set up camp at Nockmaar, preparing to storm the castle in a final attempt to rescue Elora. Bavmorda turns most of the soldiers  into pigs, but Raziel teaches Willow how to protect himself from the spell. Willow finally returns Raziel to human form, and the sorceress is able to transform the soldiers back to people. Since Nockmaar\'s walls seem impenetrable, all despair until Willow proposes a trick to get them inside. In the morning, Raziel and Willow alone provoke the Nockmaar army into attacking them. As the Nockmaar army abandons the security of the castle, Airk\'s army comes out of hiding from under tents and pits, ambushing them and gaining access to the castle. While Madmartigan, Airk, and his soldiers battle Kael and the Nockmaar army in the courtyard, Willow, Raziel and Sorsha ascend the castle\'s main tower trying to locate Elora. They find Bavmorda in the process of initiating an evil ritual that will banish Elora\'s body and soul to a nether-realm. Below, Kael kills Airk, then engages Madmartigan in a lengthy battle, which ends with Madmartigan killing the General. After a lengthy magical battle between Raziel and Bavmorda, Willow, using his sleight-of-hand trick, saves Elora and causes Bavmorda to get caught in her own ritual, banishing her own body and soul. Willow leaves the baby in the care of Madmartigan and Sorsha at the castle of Tir Asleen and returns home to his beloved family with a special gift: a spellbook from Raziel, which helps him develop his own magical abilities.'] ['{{See also}}  Eragon  is a 15-year-old farm boy who lives in the small village of Carvahall in the fictional country of Alagaësia. The story begins with Arya, princess of Ellesméra, running for her life with a "stone" stolen from the king himself. She is surrounded by a ring of fire created by Durza, a shade  and to protect the "stone" from Durza, uses her magic to send it somewhere she hopes he will never find it. Meanwhile, while hunting, Eragon finds a large, blue dragon egg  from which hatches a blue dragon. Eragon decides to keep the baby dragon a secret. Eragon takes care of the dragon for a while as it grows up. The evil king Galbatorix sends the Ra\'zac  after Eragon and his dragon because he wants to be the only dragon rider in existence. Eragon\'s dragon grows up and she and Eragon can hear each other\'s thoughts. The dragon tells Eragon that her name is Saphira. When many people start getting killed because the Ra\'zac are hunting him, Eragon runs home to protect his uncle, but Saphira picks him up and tells him that the monsters are after him. When he finally gets home, Eragon finds his uncle dead and blames Saphira, telling her to go away. As is covering up his uncle\'s body, a man comes to the door, and because of his rage, Eragon charges at him with a large stick, but the man defends himself and realizes that Eragon is the dragon rider. Along the way to the Varden  Eragon learns magic, swordfighting, and dragon-riding from Brom  to fulfill his destiny: to overthrow the Empire and its king.'] ['The film opens as King Cromwell ([[Richard Lynch  and his men land ashore of Tomb Island in search of Xusia of Delos , a long-dead sorcerer who may be the key to overthrowing his rival King Richard, whose land of Ehdan is the richest in the world. Using one of Xusia\'s worshipers to awaken him, Cromwell convinces Xusia to join his cause. With the sorcerer\'s black magic at his command, Cromwell easily lays waste to Richard\'s formidable army. Eventually, Cromwell becomes eager to be rid of Xusia. Fearing that the sorcerer could very well turn against him, he attempts to kill Xusia by stabbing him in the chest and chasing him off a cliff. Movie stuntman Jack Tyree was killed in the filming of the scene on August 25, 1981, falling 180 feet and missing a large airbag by two feet, "Stuntman dies doing dive", The Calgary Herald - Aug 27, 1981, pB-15 With only one army left to defend the city, King Richard prepares to lead the charge against his rival in a last-ditch effort to save Ehdan. He orders his family to evacuate to the river, and entrusts his youngest son Talon with his magnificent triple-bladed projectile sword, instructing the boy to avenge his death should it occur. When Richard fails to return home afterwards, Talon goes to find him. While searching the corpse-littered battlefield, he comes across Mogullen , his father\'s closest adviser. Gravely wounded, the old soldier confirms that the battle is lost. At that very moment, Talon spies his father in the distance, just seconds before his execution. Enraged, Talon starts off to claim his revenge, but Mogullen holds him fast. Knowing that Cromwell will be heading to the river in search of the queen, he implores the boy to save the rest of his family. Talon desperately races to the river on horseback, but once again, he is too late. Horrified, he watches as his mother is put to death at Cromwell\'s hands. With Cromwell\'s men now in pursuit of him, Talon has no choice but to flee. After narrowly surviving an ambush, the boy manages to evade capture and disappear from the kingdom. Eleven years later, Prince Talon , now a seasoned warrior, leads a small group of mercenaries back into his homeland, seeking to fulfill the promise he made long ago. At the same time, in a cavern far beneath the Earth\'s surface, the sinister Xusia—still very much alive—vows to repay Cromwell for his treachery. In the city of Ehdan, a rebellion has begun under Prince Mikah , who many believe to be the rightful heir to the throne. After confirming the final plans with Machelli , Cromwell\'s war chancellor , Mikah relays the news to his sister Alana , but Cromwell suddenly bursts into their hideout and a battle ensues. Although Mikah is captured, Alana flees through the city streets, but eventually finds herself cornered by Cromwell\'s men. She is then rescued by Talon, who easily dispatches her assailants. At a nearby tavern, Alana learns of her brother\'s imprisonment and asks Talon to rescue him, along with a faction of rebels who have been recently trapped by Cromwell\'s forces. Unable to bribe the mercenary with gold, Alana reluctantly offers herself to him for one night. Satisfied, Talon departs on his mission, but Cromwell\'s men arrive shortly thereafter and capture Alana as well. Successful in freeing the rebels, Talon infiltrates the castle through the sewers and is able to rescue Mikah, but is subsequently detected and captured by Cromwell. After forcing Alana into marriage, Cromwell invites the four neighboring kings to their wedding feast, where he intends to assassinate them with Talon crucified in the dining hall. Before the plot can be carried out, however, Talon amazingly summons the strength to pull himself free of the crucifix, just seconds before the rebels, led by Mikah, storm into the dining hall and overpower Cromwell\'s soldiers. Cromwell attempts to flee the castle with Alana in tow, but Talon intercepts them. In the resulting skirmish, Machelli takes custody of Alana and brings her to the catacombs beneath the castle, where he reveals his true identity as Xusia. Although Cromwell tries to intercede, he proves to be no match for the sorcerer, but Talon is somehow able to resist Xusia\'s power long enough to strike him down with his projectile sword. He then engages Cromwell in combat, finally vanquishing the evil king. Afterwards, Talon saves Alana from a giant constrictor snake, but Xusia suddenly rises again, prompting Talon to finish off the sorcerer with a blade concealed in his gauntlet. In the end, Talon yields the crown of Ehdan to Mikah, and Alana honors her commitment to spend one night with her brother\'s savior. As the film closes, Talon and the mercenaries prepare to leave Ehdan for another adventure.'] ['The film, which takes place in a fantasy setting, opens at a festival featuring Deathstalker and the wizard Nicias. Deathstalker once saved Nicias and the two go from village to village obtaining money by Nicias foretelling the future and showing his magic. During the festival, a hooded woman arrives to see Nicias. She is actually the princess Carissa bringing a magical stone hoping that Nicias has the other one, which when united, will at long last uncover the magical and rich city of Arandor of whom Nicias is the last of the city’s descendants. Nicias does not possess the second stone, but knows it is south in Southland which is ruled by the evil sorcerer Troxartes. Troxartes has the second stone and wants the first so he can harness its power and rule more. The festival is attacked by Troxartes’s black-clad right-hand man Makut and his horse soldiers looking for the stone. Amid the slaughter and chaos, Nicias teleports away while the princess is saved from capture by Deathstalker and the two escape. She is nonetheless killed by a few of the unknowing soldiers and passes the stone and knowledge on to Deathstalker. He travels to the hot and wooded Southland where he meets the twin sister of Carissa, the feisty Princess Elizena who was sent from the North to marry Troxartes. Makut is searching for Deathstalker now and finds him again so Deathstalker hides in Elizena’s tent but is alerted by her after she sees he held her with a twig instead of a knife. He escapes into an impenetrable valley where he is given shelter by two wild women, Marinda and her mother. Marinda has sex with Deathstalker and then lead him to their horses so he can escape since Makut has entered the valley. The mother, outraged at Marinda’s absence, leads Makut to the horses, but Deathstalker has escaped. Learning that he is up against Deathstalker, Troxartes uses his power to awaken all the dead foes he defeated to catch the “legend.” Elizena’s guards were killed by Makut after he thought they were aiding Deathstalker. She accidentally meets Deathstalker who is camping in the woods. In the morning she leaves and is found by Troxartes who takes her back to his castle as his bride. Deathstalker trails them and infiltrates the castle by night, but is found by Troxartes himself who asks for the stone until Deathstalker is knocked unconscious and the stone retrieved. Troxartes figures out there is actually a third stone needed to harness the power so he puts his mistress to torture Deathstalker for the knowledge, but he escapes and ties her up. Heading for the stones, Nicias unknowingly teleports right near Troxartes in the castle who jovially captures him and intends to put him in his army if his magic cannot find the third stone. In the woods at night, Deathstalker finds Marinda and runs into a few of the undead warriors near a camp fire recognizing Gragas who was killed in a fair fight between Deathstalker earlier. They are forced to do Troxartes’s bidding because their souls are kept secure in jars so Deathstalker makes a deal to get the jars if they will help him against Troxartes. He also tells Marinda to go alert the northern band to come help in the fight against the castle. Elizena learns she is just being kept alive until the third stone is found so she leads Deathstalker to where Nicias is being kept. The third stone is accidentally discovered to have been hidden in the castle all along. The northern band arrives and the souls are released by Deathstalker so the undead warriors turn on Troxartes and his band. In the ensuing battle, Makut is killed by an arrow during a duel between Deathstalker. Troxartes kills Marinda and is then killed by Deathstalker during the fight. The three stones are united at last and it reveals the secret city of Arandor and peace is brought to the land. Deathstalker rides off into the sunset for further adventures.'] ['The wicked Voltan kills his own father when the latter refuses to turn over the magic of the "last elven mindstone". Before the old man dies, he bequeaths a great sword with a pommel shaped like a human hand to his other son, Hawk. The hand comes to life and grasps the mindstone. The sword is now imbued with magical powers and can respond to Hawk\'s mental commands. Hawk then vows to avenge his father by killing Voltan. Voltan\'s evil touches the whole countryside. Some time later, a man named Ranulf arrives at a remote convent. Ranulf tells the nuns that he survived Voltan\'s attack on his people, which resulted in the brutal deaths of women and children. Ranulf was seriously injured in the attack. The nuns nurse him back to health, but his hand cannot be saved. Voltan appears at the convent and kidnaps the Abbess, demanding a large sum of gold as a ransom. The High Abbot sends Ranulf to find someone who might help. Hawk discovers Ranulf with the help of a local sorceress, a woman whom he defended from an accusation of witchcraft. Ranulf has been captured by brigands, but Hawk rescues him. Ranulf convinces Hawk to rescue the Abbess. After a long and dangerous journey, Hawk locates his old friends: Gort, a dour giant who wields a mighty mallet; Crow, an elf of few words who wields a deadly bow; and Baldin, a wisecracking dwarf, skilled with a whip. The five men arrive at the convent, protecting the nuns and devising a way to lure Voltan into a trap. They use their combined skills to steal gold from a slave trader with which to pay the ransom. Hawk doubts that Voltan will free the Abbess after the ransom is paid. He explains that Voltan treacherously murdered Hawk\'s wife, Eliane. Hawk and his friends decide to rescue the Abbess, but they fail. Hawk kills Voltan\'s son Drogo, who had previously assaulted the convent. Enraged, Voltan confronts the heroes in a final battle at the convent. A rogue nun helps Voltan capture the heroes; Voltan repays her by murdering her. With the help of the sorceress, the heroes escape, but the dwarf is mortally wounded. In the subsequent battle, Hawk exacts his revenge on Voltan and the Abbess is rescued. An evil entity decides that Voltan will be restored to life to carry out further evil. Heeding the sorceress\' advice, Hawk and Gort travel south to continue their battle against evil.'] ["While praying at an altar with his traveling companion and fellow thief Malak , Conan  is confronted by Queen Taramis  of Shadizar, who tests the pair in combat with several of her guards. She tells him that she has a quest for him, but he initially refuses her. The Queen uses her power to learn his greatest desire, and promises to resurrect Conan's beloved Valeria. Conan agrees to the quest. The Queen states that her niece, Jehnna , is destined to find a special jewel that can be used to obtain an artifact that will awaken the dreaming god, Dagoth. She tasks Conan and Malak to protect Jehnna on this journey, to be accompanied by the captain of the Queen's guard, Bombaata . Secretly, the Queen has instructed Bombaata to kill Conan once the task is complete so they can sacrifice Jehnna to the god. Because the gem is secured in the fortress of a powerful wizard, Conan seeks the help of his friend, the wizard Akiro . Akiro must first be rescued from a tribe of cannibals who plan to eat him to absorb his magic. Afterwards they meet Zula , a powerful warrior and bandit, whom Jehnna and Conan rescue from vengeful villagers; considering herself indebted to Conan for saving her life, she offers to join their quest. They reach the wizard Toth-Amon's  icy castle upon a lake, and make camp for the night. While they sleep, the wizard transforms into a bird of smoke and kidnaps Jehnna. The company assault the castle and Conan is able to defeat the wizard, but in doing so he disrupts the magic binding the castle together forcing their hasty retreat. With the jewel now in hand they travel to the place where the horn is hidden. Jehnna expresses romantic interest in Conan, but he drunkenly rebuffs her and declares his devotion to Valeria. They reach an ancient temple, and Jehnna uses the power of the jewel to find and obtain the horn. Guardians of the horn overwhelm the group, but they manage to find a secret exit passage. Bombaata blocks their exit and seizes Jehnna. The others escape his deathtrap and make their way back to Shadizar. There, they use a secret route known to Malak to reach the throne room and confront Bombaata. Conan kills him in combat. Meanwhile, Jehnna has been drugged and prepared for the sacrifice. The horn is placed upon the head of the Dagoth statue. Upon its first signs of life, they attempt to sacrifice Jehnna, but Zula intervenes and kills the Grand Vizier  first. Having received an improper sacrifice, the statue becomes angry and begins to twist and distort into the demonic version of Dagoth  as Akiro had feared. Queen Taramis is killed and Conan battles the Dagoth, eventually killing it by removing the horn from its head. After the battle, the newly crowned Queen Jehnna offers each of her companions a place in her new court. Zula becomes the new captain of the guard, because Jehnna does not see any reason why a woman cannot do as good a job as any man. Akiro becomes her new wiseman and advisor, and Malak's buffoonery qualifies him for the position of court jester. She offers Conan her hand and the opportunity to rule the kingdom together, but he declines, having been promised a kingdom already. He departs on his own for further adventures and to find his own place in the world."] 