["The film opens with the statement that the people of Troy must once a month sacrifice a maiden lest a sea monster destroy their city. Because of this, some families flee Troy only to be captured by pirates. Hercules, aboard the Olympia, comes across one of these ships and frees the Trojans aboard. Going to Troy, Hercules is given use of two horses that cannot be wounded by arrows. He then learns from Ortag the monster's weakness . Shortly afterwards, a boxer tries to poison Hercules but is impaled on his own spiked gloves and dies. Then Hercules and Ulysses are attacked by what appear to be thieves, and Diogenes presents the theory that Petra killed his brother and is planning to have Princess Diana killed. After this theory is revealed to Princess Diana, she is chosen for the ceremony, and the high priest is killed. After challenging Petra, Hercules is captured and held in a metal hole, down which soldiers pour oil to keep Hercules from climbing out. Ortag rescues Hercules and dies fighting the monster which Hercules finally slays. Princess Diana becomes ruler of Troy, and Hercules continues on his way ."] ['Xerxes I of Persia leads a vast army of soldiers into Europe to defeat the small city-states of Greece, not only to fulfill the idea of "one world ruled by one master", but also to avenge the defeat of his father at the Battle of Marathon ten years before. Accompanying him are Artemisia I, the Queen of Halicarnassus, who beguiles Xerxes with her feminine charm, and Demaratus, an exiled king of Sparta, to whose warnings Xerxes pays little heed. In Corinth, Themistocles of Athens wins the support of the Greek allies and convinces both the delegates and the Spartan representative, Leonidas I, to grant Sparta leadership of their forces. Outside the hall, Leonidas and Themistocles agree to fortify the pass at Thermopylae until the rest of the army arrives. After this, Leonidas learns of the Persian advance and travels to Sparta to spread the news. In Sparta, his fellow king Leotychidas is fighting a losing battle with the Ephors over a religious festival that is due to take place, with members of the council arguing that the army should wait until after the festival is over before it marches, while Leotychidas fears that by that time the Persians may have conquered Greece. Leonidas decides to march north immediately with his personal bodyguard of 300 men, who are exempt from the decisions of the Ephors and the Gerousia. They are subsequently reinforced by Thespians led by Demophilus and other Greek allies. After several days of fighting, Xerxes grows angry as his army is repeatedly routed by the Greeks, with the Spartans in the forefront. Leonidas receives word that, by decision of the Ephors, the remainder of the Spartan army, rather than joining him as he had expected, will only fortify the isthmus in the Peloponnese and will advance no further. The Greeks constantly beat back the Persians, and following the defeat of his personal bodyguard in battle against the Spartans, Xerxes begins to consider withdrawing to Sardis until he can equip a larger force at a later date. As he prepares to withdraw, however, Xerxes receives word from the treacherous and avaricious Ephialtes of a goat-track through the mountains that will enable his forces to attack the Greeks from the rear. Promising to reward Ephialtes for his betrayal, Xerxes sends his army onward. Once Leonidas realizes he will be surrounded, he sends away the Greek allies to alert the cities to the south. Being too few to hold the pass, the Spartans instead attack the Persian front, where Xerxes is nearby. Leonidas is killed in the melée. Meanwhile the Thespians, who had refused to leave, are overwhelmed  while defending the rear. Surrounded, the surviving Spartans refuse Xerxes\'s demand to give up Leonidas\' body. They are then annihilated by arrowfire. After this, narration states that the Battle of Salamis and the Battle of Plataea end the Persian invasion, which could not have been organized without the time bought by the 300 Spartans who defied the tyranny of Xerxes at Thermopylae. One of the final images of the film is the memorial bearing the epigram of Simonides of Ceos, which is recited.'] ['The film opens with a Spartan elder inspecting an ugly, talking baby ; it is abandoned to die for its deformity. A second baby, who is Vietnamese, is adopted by Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie. Baby Leonidas is then inspected, having a six-pack, biceps and beard from birth. He is accepted as a Spartan and prepared for kinghood through his childhood training, from fighting his grandmother to enduring torture (a la [[Casino Royale . Leonidas  is then cast out into the wild, and survives the harsh winter and a gangsta penguin . Returning a king for his inauguration wearing a penguin skin hat, Leonidas sees Margo  erotically dancing and asks her to marry him, to which she responds by giving him the combination to her chastity belt. Years later, Leonidas is training his son when Captain  informs him that a Persian messenger has arrived. Accompanied by the Spartan politician Traitoro, the messenger has come to present Xerxes\' demands for Sparta\'s submission. Leonidas arrives to greet the messenger in the Spartan way . After growing angry with both the messenger\'s disrespect and finding him making out with his wife, Leonidas kicks him into the \'pit of death\'. Despite "Traitoro\'s" advice that the messenger\'s guards are now needed to convey the actual message, Leonidas kicks them in as well. Afterwards, he dumps in several other people he simply dislikes, including Britney Spears, Sanjaya Malakar and the judges for American Idol before having Ryan Seacrest fling himself in. Resolving to face the Persians, Leonidas visits the Oracle, for any advice. The Oracle, Ugly Betty, reveals that Leonidas will die should he go to war. After reaching a decision while spending the night with his wife, Leonidas meets the soldiers assembled for his departure to Thermopylae, and finds that only 13  were accepted in the army, since there were stringent specifications to be accepted— "Hunky with deep Mediterranean tans, hot bods, and well-endowed". Three among them include Captain, his son, Sonio, and a slightly unfit Spartan named Dilio, who, as the Captain states, "Has a lot of heart...and nice man boobs." Once at the Hot Gates, they encounter the deformed Paris Hilton , who tells Leonidas and the Captain about a secret goat path above the Hot Gates that Xerxes could use to outflank the Spartans. When she asks to be made a Spartan soldier, Leonidas rejects her as unqualified due to her inability to use a spear correctly. Leonidas and his platoon soon face off with Xerxes\' messenger and his Immortals, beating them in a dance contest before driving them off a cliff. Xerxes , who, as described, "sort of looked like that fat guy from Borat", impressed, personally approaches Leonidas and attempts to bribe him. The Spartan king declines, saying that he will instead make him fall. The Spartans then face the Persian army in a "Yo Momma" fight. The Spartans end with a victory, in spite of Dilio having his eyes scratched out. Though victory seemed to be in the Spartans\' grasp, Paris Hilton betrays the Spartans and reveals the location of the goat path to Xerxes in return for various gifts. Using a CGI army , Xerxes meets the twelve remaining Spartans and the war is on. Meanwhile, back in Sparta, Queen Margo has several confrontations with Traitoro, because he is the vital vote in sending more troops to assist her husband. Following her address to the Council, Traitoro publicly betrays the Queen. She defeats him in battle. Evidence is shown he is a traitor, uniting the council with the queen. At the Battle of Thermopylae, the Persians introduce their secret weapons: Ghost Rider and Rocky Balboa, who kills Sonio with a decapitating uppercut before his father avenges him with Botox poisoning. But when Captain is struck down by Xerxes, Leonidas pursues Xerxes and plays Grand Theft Auto. Managing to find the "Transformer Cube", Xerxes uses it in a car to become "Xerxestron" as he shows off his powers to access the "Leave Britney Alone!" video on YouTube. However, Xerxestron trips on his extension cord, fulfilling Leonidas\' vow that he would fall at the cost of himself and surviving Spartans being crushed. The blind Dilio, who left prior to the final battle, eventually returns to Sparta to tell of Leonidas\' final moments. A year later, Dilio leads a force of one hundred real Spartans and several thousand CGI-ones to defeat the Persians, but the blind warrior ends up going the wrong way. They end up in Malibu where they knock Lindsay Lohan down as she is leaving rehab . The film ends with a musical number set to Gloria Gaynor\'s "I Will Survive" performed on American Idol by all of the characters in the film.'] ['Prince Hector  and his young brother Paris  negotiate peace between Troy and Sparta. Paris has fallen in love with Helen , the wife of king Menelaus , and smuggles her back to Troy with him. Infuriated, Menelaus vows revenge. Menelaus approaches his brother Agamemnon ([[Brian Cox , a king who has conquered every army of Greece, and now commands them. Agamemnon, who has wanted to conquer Troy for years , uses this as a justification to invade Troy. General Nestor  asks him to take the legendary warrior Achilles , to rally the troops to the cause. Odysseus , a king of Mycenae commanded by Agamemnon, visits Phtia to persuade Achilles to fight, and finds him training with Patroclus , his cousin. Achilles, pondering his decision, visits his mother Thetis  for advice. She tells him that, before he was even born, she knew this day would come. She also tells him that if he does not go to Troy, he will live a long, happy life and have children, but after he dies, his name will be forgotten and nobody will remember him. If he does go to Troy, he will find great glory in battle, his name will be written into history forever, but he will die there. Achilles, wanting his name to be remembered, chooses to go. The Greeks sail for Troy. Achilles and the Myrmidons are the fastest rowers and land before anyone else. They kill many Trojans and desecrate the temple of Apollo. Briseis , a member of the Trojan royal family, is captured and taken as a prize to the Greeks, despite Achilles claiming her as a war prize himself. Achilles and his Myrmidons do not fight the next day because of Agamemnon\'s unfair claim to Briseis. With Greeks surrounding Troy, Paris challenges Menelaus to a duel to settle things, using the Sword of Troy, his father claiming that the city\'s people have a future so long as the sword is in the hands of a Trojan. Menelaus agrees; however, Agamemnon plans on attacking the city regardless of the outcome. Paris is easily defeated, and wounded. Hector intervenes and kills Menelaus. The Greeks charge the Trojan lines but are forced to fall back when they are nearly wiped out by archers on Troy\'s walls. Ajax is slain in the battle at the hands of Hector. Agamemnon gives Briseis to his men to amuse them after their terrible loss, but Achilles rescues her after they try to rape her. He carries her back to his tent and tends to her wounds. Briseis then tries to kill Achilles but realizes that she has feelings for him and the two make love. The next day, Achilles readies his men to leave, much to Patroclus\' indignation. That night, the Trojans launch a surprise offensive against the Greek encampment, aiming to destroy their boats and prevent their escape. As the Greeks seem to be on the verge of defeat, Achilles appears with the Myrmidons and joins the battle, eventually fighting against Hector. The battle goes much better for the Greeks than before, but all are shocked when Hector cuts Achilles\' throat. Hector removes his foe\'s helmet, revealing the face of Patroclus. After Hector finishes the mortally wounded youth mercifully, both armies agree to end fighting for the day. Before he leaves, Odysseus informs Hector it was his cousin whom he had killed. Achilles, who had slept through the battle, is told by Eudorus of his cousin\'s death. The Greeks had also mistaken Patroclus for Achilles, since he had put on Achilles\' armour and moved like Achilles. Furious, Achilles attacks Eudorus and when Briseis tries to stop him, he throws her to the ground. Later that night, Achilles lights Patroclus\' funeral pyre. Meanwhile, in Troy, Hector realizes that Achilles will seek revenge for the death of his cousin, and begins making preparations to save his loved ones. He leads Andromache to a secret path out of the city, asking her to use it if the city falls. The next day Achilles approaches the gates of Troy alone and shouts for Hector to come out and face him. Hector knows he must face him alone, so he says his goodbyes to his family and friends and then confronts Achilles. The two fight an evenly matched duel at the start, but Hector begins to tire against the relentless assault of Achilles. Eventually, Achilles slays Hector by stabbing him in the chest with Hector\'s broken spear. He then ties Hector\'s body to the back of his chariot, dragging it to the ships, leaving all the Trojans shocked. That night, King Priam  visits the Greek army\'s camp to convince Achilles to let him retrieve Hector\'s body. Moved by the king\'s plea, Achilles acquiesces to his request and allows him to take his son to be buried. Achilles breaks down and cries while preparing Hector\'s body for transport back to Troy. He tells Priam that Hector was the best he had ever fought. He also gives Priam his word that no Greek will attack Troy for 12 days. Achilles lets Priam take Briseis back as well. He later apologises to Eudorus for harming him and gives him one last order: to take the Myrmidons home.  During the 12 day-truce, Troy mourns Hector\'s death while Agamemmnon fumes at the loss of an opportunity to end the war once and for all and the Trojans are in disarray at the loss of their top general even though his generals, including Odysseus, inform him that the death Hector makes no difference as the Greeks still can\'t breach the walls of Troy. Seeing that the mad king will sooner see every one of his own men slaughtered before he gives up his ambition, Odysseus plans to infiltrate the city by building a hollowed-out wooden horse. The Greeks leave the horse at their camp and then depart, hiding their ships in a nearby cove. Priam trusts his priests that the horse is an offering to Poseidon and a gift, despite the misgivings of Paris. Assuming victory, the Trojans take the horse into the city and celebrate. A Trojan scout finds the Greek ships hiding in the cove, but is killed by their archers before he can spread the news. A band of Greeks led by Achilles and Odysseus come out of the horse at night, opening the gates to the city allowing the main army to enter. The Greeks commence the Sack of Troy, massacring the inhabitants and looting buildings. The Trojan army attempts to defend the royal palace but fails and the Greeks storm in. While Troy is burned, Andromache helps Helen and many others escape from Troy through the secret passage Hector showed her. Paris hands Aeneas the Sword of Troy by repeating his father\'s words that the Trojans will have a future as long as the sword is in Trojan hands. After helping the survivors off, He heads back into the city, bow and arrows at the ready as he had been practicing archery to join the rest of the Trojan army, but abandons them after hearing Briseis\' voice calling him. Odysseus kills Glaucus and Agamemnon kills Priam. Achilles searches for Briseis, who is being threatened by Agamemnon. She kills Agamemnon with a concealed knife and is saved from his guards by Achilles. While Achilles is helping Briseis to her feet, Paris, seeking revenge for his brother\'s death, shoots Achilles several times before Briseis manages to stay his hand. Achilles urges Briseis to join Paris and escape from the city and then dies of the wound to the one spot on his body that was vulnerable, his heel. The soldiers arrive to see the fallen Achilles with only the single arrow through his heel, as he had removed all the others, in keeping with the myth that Achilles was killed by a single arrow to the heel. Funeral rituals are performed for him in the ruins of Troy the next day. The film ends with a speech from Odysseus, "If they ever tell my story, let them say I walked with giants. Men rise and fall like the winter wheat, but these names will never die. Let them say I lived in the time of Hector, tamer of horses. Let them say, I lived, in the time of Achilles."'] ["This classical peplum tells a fictitious story set in 490 BC, the time of the Medic Wars during which Persian armies sweep the Ancient world. Having brought home to Athens the Olympic victor's laurel crown, Philippides joins as commander the Sacred Guard, which is expected to defend the city-state's liberty, a year after the chasing of the tyrant Hippias. Athenian supporters of Hippias conspire, hoping to side Philippides by marriage to Theocrites' expensive servant Charis, and thus neutralize the guard. She fails to seduce him, as his heart is already taken by a young girl before the learns her name is Andromeda, daughter of Creuso. Everything personal is likely to be put on hold when the news breaks that the Persian King of kings Darius's vast army is marching on Greece, hoping its internal division will make its conquest a walk-over. Theocrites reproaches Miltiades to hold back the sacred guard to defend the Pallas temple after a likely defeat, and proposes instead to negotiate terms with Darius, but is told an alliance with Sparta could save the Hellenic nation. Philippides makes the journey and survives a fiendish attempt on his life by conspirators; he returns with Sparta's engagement during the Persian attack in far greater numbers on Militiades valiant troops. Charis, left for dead after overhearing Darius's orders, reaches the camp to tell that the Persian fleet, now commanded by traitor Theocrites, is heading for Piraeus to take Athens. Miltiades sends Philippides ahead to hold out with the sacred guard until his hopefully victorious troops arrive, and after his perilous journey back they do a great job, proving superior athletes can do better than traditional naval ramming tactics. {{Expand section}}"] ['When strange atmospheric events occur in the disunited city states of Ancient Greece, a forum debates what action to take. As there is no agreement, Androcles King of Thebes seeks the assistance of his friend, the legendary Hercules. Hercules, now married to Deianira with a son named Hylas does not wish to leave the comfort of his family, though Hylas is keen for adventure. Androcles takes matters in his own hands by drugging and kidnapping Hercules and placing him aboard a ship manned by a disreputable collection of former slaves and criminals. The only members of the expedition Androcles can trust are his sidekick, Timoteo the dwarf and Hylas who has to hide below deck from Hercules lest he face his wrath for leaving home. Rather than being angry Hercules merely lazes away on deck without offering any assistance. When the supply of fresh water is sabotaged, the ship lands on an island to replenish their supply. The crew mutinies by attacking Androcles but Hercules turns the tide. The crew is left stranded on the island, however Hercules discovers Hylas on board. Continuing their voyage, a storm wrecks the ship with all of them separated. Hercules sees a vision of Androcles begging for his help. Coming ashore on a mist shrouded island he sees a woman held captive not only chained to a cliff, but gradually becoming a part of the rock formation. When he rescues her he has to fight Proteus a god able to change form into various creatures. Defeating Proteus, Hercules discovers the woman he rescued is Princess Ismene, daughter of Antinea, the Queen of Atlantis that is where Hercules has landed. Hercules soon discovers his son Hylas and Timoteo and bring the rescued Princess to Antinea. Though welcomed at first, Ismene discovers that she has been selected for sacrifice as a prophesy foretells that if she is not killed Atlantis and its population will be destroyed. The death of Proteus has already stripped Atlantis of its protective fog that keeps it unseen by the outside world. Ismene is recaptured and taken for execution. Antinea denies all knowledge of Androcles, however Androcles memory has been taken away and he is hidden from his friends. During a celebration Hercules discovers that children are selected and taken away from their parents for an unknown reason. Things fall into place when Hercules and his companions not only rescue Ismene but a large group of prisoners in a pit. The rescued prisoners explain that children are taken to a special stone that either transforms them either into blonde supermen or disfigures the weak ones who are placed in the pit. A priest explains that the stone is from the blood of Uranus. The power of Uranus’s stone has created Antinea an invicible army of black uniformed blonde supermen that she plans to conquer the world with.'] ['According to her father\'s wishes, Queen Salinas agrees to share the rule of Icena with Justinian, a Roman. This decision angers both the bloodthirsty Druids and Romans less just than Justinian. As the two rulers fall in love, the Druids and the Romans begin to plot their downfall. It\'s not long before the hills of Britain are stained with the lovers blood. Adapted from "The Viking Queen " by Jeremy Perkins. IMBd. Accessed 25 July 2012. Despite the title, there are no Vikings in the movie. The plot combines elements of life of the historic queen Boudica  with elements seemingly drawn from Bellini\'s opera Norma, though that is set in Gaul .'] ['Three unlikely heroines Worthaboutapig , Dwyfuc  and Smirgut the Fierce  set out to thwart a Roman invasion and save Celtic Britain.'] ["Hercules saves a woman named Telca from a lion and arrives in triumph in her village. Telca's father King Tedaeo offers Hercules Telca's hand in marriage, if he brings back the tooth of a dragon. Hercules seeks help from a witch who gives him a spear that will kill the dragon but wants the same tooth as her reward. As Hercules has promised the tooth to King Tedaeo the witch warns him that the magic of the tooth will only work once. In Hercules' absence Telca's village has been pillaged with all the survivors save Babar the comedy relief, are taken as prisoners to the Demulus, a tribe that lives inside a mountain and eats the hearts of their prisoners."] ["Upon his return to Italy from his many adventures, the great warrior Hercules learns that his lover, Princess Deianira, has lost her senses. According to the oracle Medea , Daianara's only hope is the Stone of Forgetfulness which lies deep in the realm of Hades. Hercules, with two companions, Theseus and Telemachus, embarks on a dangerous quest for the stone, while he is unaware that Dianara's guardian, King Lico, is the one responsible for her condition and plots to have the girl for himself as his bride upon her revival. Lico is in fact in league with the dark forces of the underworld, and it is up to Hercules to stop him. The climax has Hercules smashing Lico with a giant boulder and throwing similarly large rocks at an army of zombies."] ['The film is narrated by Ambrosinus, native to Britain, who knows of a legend concerning the sword of Julius Caesar, which was hidden away from evil men. It begins shortly before the coronation of Romulus Augustulus as Emperor in 460. Having traveled through much of the known world in search of Caesar\'s sword, Ambrosinus has then become Romulus\'s tutor. A Druid and part of a secret brotherhood protecting the sword, he at times gives the impression he is a magician, but his "magic" is usually revealed to be simple trickery. One of the running concepts of the movie surrounds the question of whether or not Ambrosinus has any actual magical abilities or simply an illusionist. Romulus\'s father Orestes rules Rome but is not Emperor himself. On the day before the coronation, Odoacer, commander of the barbarian Goths allied with Rome, demands a third of Italy from Orestes, but is rebuffed. The same day, Romulus meets the general of the Nova Invicta Legion, Aurelianus Caius Antonius, called "Aurelius". The night after Romulus is crowned, Rome is attacked by the Goths. Most of Aurelius\'s men, pledged to protect the emperor, are killed, though Aurelius is only stunned and left for dead. Orestes and his wife are killed by Odoacer\'s lieutenant Wulfila, who captures Romulus. Next day, Odoacer, now ruler of the Western Empire, plans to have Romulus killed. However, Ambrosinus convinces Odoacer to spare the boy. Instead, Romulus is exiled to Capri along with Ambrosinus, guarded by Wulfila and his men. His prison is a villa constructed more than four centuries earlier by the emperor Tiberius. With Ambrosinus\'s help, Romulus discovers a hidden chamber within the villa. He comes across a statue of Caesar holding the fabled sword, forged by a Chalybian smith after his military campaigns in Britain. Writing near the statue\'s feet proclaims the sword was made for "he who is destined to rule". This is interpreted as a prophecy by various characters, and Romulus keeps the weapon. The two are rescued from Capri by the loyal Aurelius and three surviving legionaries, Vatrenus, Batiatus, and Demetrius, accompanied by a female agent of the Eastern Roman Empire - a Keralite warrior named Mira . They take Romulus to a seaport where the Eastern Roman Empire\'s emissary  and the senator Nestor have promised safe passage to Constantinople. However, they barely escape after they learn the Senate and the Eastern Empire have betrayed them and sided with Odoacer. Ambrosinus persuades Romulus to seek refuge in Britain, where the Ninth Legion  may remain loyal, being far from the events. They are followed by Wulfila and his men; the Goth covets Caesar\'s sword after learning the prophecy. Crossing the Alps and the English Channel, the party travels to Hadrian\'s Wall and initially find no evidence of the legion until a farmer approaches and reveals he was its commander. With the collapse of Roman support of Britain, the legion had decided to disband and settle as farmers. Most of the men in the legion had married and had families. They also did not want to antagonize the powerful warlord Vortgyn. During their stay in the small Celtic village, Romulus meets and befriends a young girl named Igraine. Aurelius and Mira practice swordfighting and become close to each other. Ambrosinus told Romulus of a scar on his chest, similar to the design on the sword hilt, which he received from Vortgyn after he refused to tell him where the sword of Caesar was. Vortgyn also desires the sword of Caesar as he aspires to rule the whole of Britain. It is revealed that Vortgyn and Ambrosinus are old enemies. After meeting with the Goths, Vortgyn decides to either capture or kill Romulus as a gesture to Odoacer. After confronting Igraine outside of the village, he convinces her to tell everyone in the village to surrender Romulus and has several of his men kill the blacksmith\'s wife and sons. When a tearful Igraine tells the villagers of what has happened, Aurelius confesses that Romulus is the emperor of Rome. The blacksmith then demands revenge on his wife\'s and sons\' deaths, and Aurelius and his men decide to lead an army to Hadrian\'s Wall to face Vortgyn\'s armies in one final battle. Before leaving the village, Romulus receives from Igraine a suit of Roman armor which belonged to her brother, which he has since outgrown. Aurelius, wielding Caesar\'s sword, leads his men and a small number of Celtic warriors against Vortgyn\'s forces at Hadrian\'s Wall. Aurelius, his men, and the archers pelted the infantry with arrows, while Mira, Romulus, and several Roman and Celtic soldiers struggled to hold the enemy at the gate. Despite their casualties, Vortgyn\'s soldiers began to slowly overwhelm the small force on the wall. The battle appears hopeless until the rest of the Ninth Legion, having taken up their old Roman arms and uniforms, appear and turn the tide. The two warring sides cease their hostilities when Ambrosinus confronts and burns Vortgyn alive at a tree-sanctuary of his secret brotherhood near the battlefield. Romulus kills Wulfila with Caesar\'s sword, avenging his parents. He tells Aurelius that he fought like a dragon, whereupon Aurelius replies that Romulus fought like the son of a dragon. Repulsed by the deaths in the battle, Romulus heaves away his sword which remarkably pierces a large rock and becomes lodged there. Many years later, Ambrosinus, now known by his Druid name, Merlin, takes a young boy to the battlefield to describe the now legendary events. Merlin, who has visibly aged little since the battle, says that Aurelius married Mira and the two raised Romulus as their own son. He became a wise ruler, took the girl Igraine as his wife, and adopted the name "Pendragon". The boy, Arthur, recognizes Romulus as his father and Igraine as his mother. In a final scene, the sword of Julius Caesar is shown embedded in the stone, with moss growing on the blade, covering the original inscription, leaving only the Latin letters which, when read as a single word, read Excalibur.'] ['During the Dark Ages, a raiding party of Vikings led by an unnamed "great Viking warrior" arrived in the Americas with the intention of plunder and colonizing the "cursed" land. In so doing they planned on slaughtering a local Native American tribe, the "Thule" or "Skræling" as the Vikings call them are considered inferior, primitive and true savages and they wish to "cleanse" the land before they settle there. While slaughtering a native village, the Viking leader orders his son, only a twelve year-old boy, to join in the carnage and the boy refuses. In return the boy is beaten and whipped. After their longboat is shipwrecked the Vikings are caught unaware and attacked by another native tribe, the Wampanoag, who call themselves the "People of The Dawn", and are massacred themselves. The sole survivor is the Viking leader\'s traumatized blond-haired son, who is discovered in the wreckage among the frozen corpses of slaves by a native woman who adopts him as her own, after seeing a white horse by the wreck{{spaced ndash}}there is a prophecy that a "creature swift of foot and white as snow" would bring about a time of great change. The boy is named "Ghost" for his paleness, and many of the tribe struggle to accept him because of his similarity to the "demons who have never seen sunlight". Fifteen years later Ghost  still lives among them in relative happiness, yet remains tormented by his dreams, which along with his different appearance to the other tribesmen, interfere with his ability to fully assimilate into the native community. Ghost is frustrated that the others do not trust him, and despairs that he will never be considered a Brave of The People. He also has feelings for a young woman from an allied tribe named Starfire , the daughter of Pathfinder , an elderly chieftain searching for a worthy successor after the next intended Pathfinder has been killed in an avalanche. Ghost is the only person capable of using a sword as he is still in possession of his father\'s Viking sword and trains with it; the native tribe have not yet developed metalworking. While hunting and gathering with the group, Ghost\'s little sister wanders off and encounters a scouting party for a new group of Viking raiders. She escapes back to her family, but the Vikings follow her and attack. They raze the village, murdering everyone with delight, except a few tribesmen whom they want to combat individually in "duels". Ghost arrives back at the village too late and sees his adoptive father killed by Gunnar , the Viking leader. The Vikings are bemused as to Ghost\'s heritage, yet decide that since he can handle a sword he may present more of a challenge, and so make him duel nonetheless. Ghost\'s opponent, Ulfar , is taken unaware by Ghost\'s abilities, and Ghost maims Ulfar by cutting out his eye before escaping. Injured by an arrow during the pursuit, Ghost flees by riding his shield down a snowy mountainside, then hides in a cave where he is found by the allied tribe\'s hunting party. They bring him home and Pathfinder heals his wound. The warriors discuss taking the initiative against the Viking invaders, however Ghost informs them of the savagery and ferocity of the "Dragon People". He warns them that their wood and stone weapons are no match for the metal armour and blades of the Vikings. Ghost advises the villagers that their only chance of survival is to flee, and he departs to take on the Vikings alone. He finds that he has been covertly followed by Jester, a mute admirer. In an abandoned village they set a series of traps. Starfire, meanwhile, has fallen in love with Ghost and chooses to leave the tribe and accompany him. The three pick the Vikings off individually, stealing armor and weapons. Pathfinder, like his daughter, also finds Ghost and joins the fight. The hunting party of the tribesmen accidentally set off one of Ghost\'s traps themselves, and are massacred by the Vikings. Eventually, both Jester and Pathfinder are executed in brutal fashion, and Ghost and Starfire are captured. Gunnar recognizes Ghost as the son of a Viking, and tells Ghost that he knew of his father and admired him as a great warrior. The Vikings threaten to torture Starfire if Ghost will not betray the location of other villages, so Ghost agrees to help them. Having gained the Vikings\' trust, Ghost leads them along a dangerous mountain pass through the Appalachian Mountains and convinces Gunnar that the Vikings be tied together to reduce the risk of members falling off the narrow ledge on the high cliff. Using a sling, Ghost then creates a domino effect so the entire string of Vikings falls over the cliff: only Gunnar cuts himself free in time, coldly killing his lieutenant Ulfar in the process. Left dangling over the edge himself, Ghost convinces Starfire to leave before he triggers an avalanche that still fails to finish off Gunnar. After an arduous duel, Ghost deals him a fatal blow, leaving him hanging over the precipice, held only by the necklace Gunnar took from Pathfinder. Gunnar begs for an honourable death by the sword , and pleads for such a mercy with Ghost by saying he is the last of his kind. Ghost replies "You are not my kind", and instead of granting his wish, he breaks the necklace, sending Gunnar plummeting to an ignominious demise. Ghost returns to Starfire with Pathfinder\'s necklace, thus making Starfire the new Pathfinder after her father. Starfire gives birth to a blond-haired son. Ghost, having accepted both sides of himself, and respected as the bravest of the tribe, assumes his position watching over the coast in case the Vikings ever return.'] ['The action takes place in Ancient Rome, Judaea, Capri, and Galilee in a time period stretching from 32 A.D. to 38 A.D.The beginning date is given as the "18th year of Tiberius, and the ending date is a year after the historical year of the accession of Caligula as Roman emperor. Diana tells Caligula that she had not heard from Marcellus for almost a year when Marcellus was in Cana of Galilee. At that time Marcellus was told by Paulus that Caligula was then the emperor. Marcellus Gallio , son of an important Roman senator  and himself a military tribune begins the film in a prologue that introduces the viewer to the might and scope of the Roman empire. He is notorious as a ladies’ man, but he is captivated by the reappearance of a childhood sweetheart Diana , ward of the Emperor Tiberius  and Empress Julia , in Caligula\'s pavilion. As Caligula is the grandnephew and heir to Tiberius, Diana is unofficially promised in marriage to him as Empress Julia thinks Diana would be good for him. When Caligula comes to the marketplace with military fanfare to take part in the slave auction, Marcellus makes the mistake of bidding against him for a defiant Greek slave Demetrius  - and winning. Caligula feels he had been made a fool of in front of Diana, while Marcellus feels that he had wronged Demetrius by stopping him earlier when he had escaped from his slaveholders. Angrily Caligula leaves with Diana and the rest of his military escort and issues orders for Marcellus to receive a military transfer to Jerusalem in Palestine. Marcellus has Demetrius released, and he orders him to go on his own to the Gallio home. At the Gallio home, Cornelia and Lucia, Marcellus\'s mother and sister, are informed by Diana about the situation at the marketplace. Lucia remarks that Marcellus is still in love with Diana. Marcellus is surprised to find Demetrius waiting for him when he gets home. Unofficially Marcellus had freed Demetrius, but Demetrius feels honor bound to compensate Marcellus by being his servant. Demetrius accompanies Marcellus to Palestine, but before the galley sails, Diana comes to see Marcellus, pledging her love for him and her intention to intercede on his behalf with Tiberius. Marcellus declares his love for Diana and asks her to make the emperor promise not to give her in marriage to Caligula. Marcellus rides into Jerusalem with the centurion Paulus  on the same day as Jesus\' triumphal entry on Palm Sunday. Jesus confronts Demetrius as he rides into Jerusalem, silently calling him with his eyes to be his follower. When Demetrius later finds out what the Romans have in store for Jesus, he tries to warn him about the intentions of the Romans to arrest him. However, Jesus has already been arrested, as Demetrius finds out from a chance meeting with Judas. Jesus is arrested and condemned by Pontius Pilate , the procurator, who sends for Marcellus to take charge of the detail of Roman soldiers assigned to crucify him. As Pilate finishes washing his hands, he tells Marcellus that he is being recalled to Italy by the emperor and tells Marcellus of the duty he must perform before he leaves. As Marcellus leaves, Pilate pines about the past night and asks for water so that he can wash his hands again. Marcellus and the other soldiers cast lots for Jesus\' robe, and Marcellus wins. On the way back into Jerusalem, Marcellus compels Demetrius to throw the robe over him as the two of them are caught in the rain. It is then that Marcellus begins to feel remorse for the crucifixion of Jesus. When the robe is on him he has a painful seizure, and he orders Demetrius to take it off him. When Demetrius does so he has had enough: he curses Marcellus and the Roman Empire and runs away. Marcellus now behaves like a madman haunted by nightmares of the crucifixion. What sets him off is any reference to being "out there" on Calvary. He cries out fitfully, "Were you out there?!" He does this in the presence of Tiberius himself when he reports to him on Capri. Tiberius is portrayed as a benevolent elder statesman, who wants to help Marcellus, so, at the prompting of his soothsayer Dodinius  and Marcellus\'s own enthusiasm, he gives him an imperial commission to find and destroy the robe while gathering a list of names of Jesus\' followers. At Diana\'s request, Tiberius leaves her free to marry Marcellus even though Tiberius believes him to be mad. After leaving Capri, Marcellus is next seen sometime later with a Syrian guide Abidor  outside the village of Cana. He is posing as a cloth merchant going about buying up homespun cloth. To further his investigation Marcellus pays exorbitant prices for any kind of cloth, even rags. Justus, a weaver in Cana , reprimands his fellow Christians for accepting such unfair prices as being contrary to the teachings of Jesus and his fellow Christians give back the excess amounts voluntarily. Seeing Justus as a lead in his investigations Marcellus seeks to ingratiate himself with Justus by giving his young grandson Jonathan , whose club foot had been healed by Jesus, one of his pack donkeys. Marcellus also wanders in on a public performance by the paralytic Miriam as she sings a song of Jesus\' resurrection. When Marcellus returns to his camp he is confronted by a greedy Abidor, who wants to turn in Justus and the others to Pilate, who has ordered the arrest of Jesus\' followers. Abidor, who is obsessed with making money, threatens to tell the people of Cana that Marcellus crucified Jesus, which drives Marcellus to beat Abidor and send him away violently. The next day Marcellus is furious with Jonathan for giving his donkey to his physically challenged friend David, because he did not yet understand the teachings of Jesus. Miriam, who is sitting nearby kindly confronts Marcellus, and urges him to see Peter , who has come to Cana with a Greek companion. Marcellus guesses that this is Demetrius and goes off to Shalum\'s Inn to confront him. Marcellus finds Demetrius alone, and demands that he get the robe and destroy it. Demetrius gives the robe to Marcellus, who refuses to touch it, and Demetrius tells him that if he wants it destroyed, he will have to destroy it himself. Marcellus picks the robe up with his sword, and as he becomes frozen with fear, the robe slides down the sword onto him. He is terrified, but this time, as the robe touches him, he finds that the pain he has been carrying since the robe first touched him vanishes and that he is no longer afraid. He feels the true power of the robe and of the one who wore it. In that moment, Marcellus believes in Jesus Christ, is relieved from the madness of his guilt, and becomes a Christian. The two men go outside and Justus calls the villagers together and begins to introduce Peter. Justus tells the gathered crowd that, on the night of Jesus\' arrest, only Peter stood by Jesus. Peter tries to correct Justus but Justus tells Peter that his turn to speak will come and continues. Suddenly, Justus is pierced by an arrow and falls. The assembly turns to see Paulus and a large detachment of Roman soldiers, with the gloating Abidor lurking among them. Several other villagers are killed before Marcellus intervenes, ordering them to stop. Paulus informs him that his orders are no longer valid; Tiberias is dead and Caligula is emperor. Marcellus informs Paulus that an imperial commission is valid even after a Roman emperor dies. Paulus tells Marcellus to make him obey via a sword duel. Marcellus asks Paulus if he will keeps his word to withdraw the troops if Marcellus wins the duel. Paulus says that if Marcellus wins, the troops are his because Paulus will be dead. Marcellus accepts the challenge to a duel. After a prolonged struggle Marcellus prevails. Rather than killing Paulus, as is expected of him, Marcellus hurls his sword into a tree. He challenges Paulus to give the order to his soldiers to withdraw. Paulus, recognizing the mercy extended to him by Marcellus, salutes Marcellus and orders the soldiers to leave. Peter invites Marcellus to join him and Demetrius as missionaries. Marcellus hesitates, and when Peter tells him that he denied Jesus three times on the night he was arrested, Marcellus confesses his role in Jesus\' death. Peter points out to him that Jesus forgave him from the cross in the dramatic words showcased before, "Father, forgive them for they know not what they do" . Marcellus then pledges his life to Jesus and agrees to go with them. Their missionary journey takes them through Antioch, Ephesus, Corinth, and then to Rome, but they must proceed "undercover" with their base in the catacombs because the Emperor Caligula has proscribed them. In Rome, Caligula summons Diana from her retreat at the Gallio home to tell her that Marcellus has become a traitor to Rome by being a Christian. He takes her to the guard room where a captured Demetrius is being tortured. Diana runs out of the palace to Marcipor , the Gallio family slave, who is a secret Christian. Diana guesses that Marcipor is a Christian and has seen Marcellus, and she gets him to take her to Marcellus. Marcellus and Diana are reunited, and Marcellus tells her the story of the robe and his own conversion but Diana only thinks the story of Jesus, justice, and love is a nice story but that the world doesn\'t work that way. Diana gives Marcellus information on where Demetrius is in the imperial palace, and Marcellus and his fellow Christians manage to rescue him. They are almost too late as Demetrius is near death, but Peter comes to the Gallio home where Demetrius has been taken and heals him. Caligula scolds his Roman soldiers for letting the prisoner get away and issues orders to bring Marcellus to him alive to stand trial by the end of the day or they will all be sent to the galleys. A physician friend of Senator Gallio, Marius , is called in to help Demetrius, but is unable to heal him. Marius states that science has limits. Marcellus prays to God and Peter then knocks on the door and ask to be alone with Demetrius. Peter lays his hand on Demetrius and heals him. Marius, a proud man, is resentful of Peter\'s ability to heal Demetrius and leaves with the purpose of betraying Marcellus to Caligula. Marcellus tells his father, Senator Gallio, that he wants to return and tell his father more about Christianity; however, his father says this will be the last time they see each other because he feels his son has betrayed Rome by becoming a Christian and, therefore, he no longer has a son. Marcellus promises Diana that he will send for her tomorrow and kisses Diana as he leaves. Marcellus flees with Demetrius but, when they are pursued by soldiers, Marcellus gives himself up so that Demetrius can escape. He is captured and put on trial. Diana visit Marcellus in prison on the night before his trial and requests he not defy Caligula. Marcellus tells Diana of Miriam, the crippled girl who found herself fortunate to be lame; of the poor, young boy Jonathan, to whom Marcellus gave the fine donkey and he then selflessly gave it away to another boy without a second thought; and how other Christians do not deny Christ to save their skin. Diana wants to believe but does not feel she can if Marcellus dies. If he dies now, Diana tells him, that she feels his death would be for nothing and that she needs Marcellus. Caligula makes Diana sit next to him for Marcellus\' trial. He then tells the crowd of Senators and Roman nobles that there is a secret party of seditionists called "Christians" and how their actions are comparable to the traitor Spartacus. He then tells them that one of their own, Marcellus, has joined these "conspirators" and thus is being tried by all of them for treason. Marcellus informs the crowd that it is true that he is a Christian; however, he denies the charge that Christians are plotting against the state. When Caligula says that Christians believe Jesus is a king, Marcellus tells everyone that Jesus is a king but that His Kingdom is not of this world and Jesus seeks to reign in the hearts and mind in the name of justice and charity. Caligula asks about the robe that Marcellus is holding and Marcellus tries to show Caligula his opportunity to accept Christ. Marcellus tries to hand the robe to Caligula but Caligula refuses to touch it as he considers it to be "bewitched". He orders one of his soldiers to take the robe and destroy it, but Diana asks to keep it instead. Marcellus informs Caligula that, if Rome turns to the ways of justice and charity, then Rome will be saved; however, if Rome stayed on its present course, then it would be destroyed. To the crowd, this sounds treasonous and Caligula condemns Marcellus to death by the wish of the members of the audience based on what they\'ve heard. Caligula, in an effort to show mercy to Marcellus, tells him to renew his allegiance to Rome and renounce his faith in Jesus Christ. Marcellus kneels to Caligula to renew his pledge to Rome, a pledge he states that he has never broken, but then stands and states that he cannot renounce his belief in Jesus. Marcellus tells Caligula that Jesus is his King and Caligula\'s King and that Jesus is the Son of God. Diana then accepts Christ, and seeks to join Marcellus, the man she considers to be her husband, in His Kingdom. When Caligula tells Diana that there are no charges against her, she provides a reason for her to be charged with the same crime as Marcellus by telling the audience how evil an emperor Caligula is. Caligula screams out as she states her condemnation of his rules and then condemns Diana to die alongside Marcellus. As Diana and Marcellus are marched out of the emperor\'s court, Diana hands the robe to Marcipor. Diana and Marcellus pause to smile at each other as they peacefully walk out of the courtroom to meet their earthly fate. A chorus of "Hallelujah" plays and clouds are in the background behind Diana and Marcellus as the film ends.'] ['The film begins with a clip from the previous film, showing its central characters Marcellus and Diana going to be martyred for their Christian beliefs on the order of the Emperor Caligula. Before being executed, Diana hands the robe to Marcellus\' servant Marcipor, telling him that it is "for the Big Fisherman," meaning Peter, who was a fisherman before being called as an apostle. Peter hands the robe to Demetrius while at the funeral of Marcellus and Diana before leaving on a journey to live in \'the north\'. Caligula becomes interested in the robe, thinking that it is has magic powers and will bring him the \'eternal life\' that Jesus had spoken of. He accosts his uncle Claudius, wanting to know what had happened to it. Demetrius, looking out for his Lucia and the robe and refusing to reveal its location, is arrested for assaulting a Roman soldier, and sentenced to the arena. Meanwhile, Lucia disguises herself to gain entrance to the gladiator school to see Demetrius. However, the two are forcibly separated on orders of Messalina, Claudius\' wife. Lucia is then assaulted by Dardanius and the other gladiators, forcibly kissing her and trying to carry her to private chambers. Demetrius in desperation prays for God to save her, and suddenly it appears that Dardanius has broken Lucia\'s neck. All present are shocked at Lucia\'s apparent death, especially Demetrius, and he loses all his faith in the god of Jesus Christ. Previously, he had refused to avoided killing anyone in the Emperor\'s games, because of his religion, but all that now changes. His next time in the arena, not only does he fight, but he ferociously kills all the gladiators that took part in the attack on Lucia. The Roman spectators, including the Emperor, are thrilled. Demetrius is freed, and allowed to join the Praetorian Guard. Caligula asks if Demetrius renounces Christ; he does, and once Demetrius does this, Caligula frees him and inducts him into the guard with the rank of Tribune. As a Tribune, Demetrius rejects the teachings of Christ , beginning an affair with Messalina. When Peter comes to visit them, he turns him away too. The affair continues for several months, and eventually Caligula finds out about it. Demetrius takes the robe to the Emperor, who takes the robe down below to a prisoner. He has the prisoner killed, and tries to resurrect him. Furious that he cannot, Caligula accuses Demetrius of having brought him a fake, and that both the robe and Christ are frauds. Demetrius is taken back to the arena. When the Emperor tries to have Demetrius executed, the Praetorian Guard  finally turns against Caligula and kills first Macro, the prefect of the Praetorian Guard, then Caligula. Claudius is installed as Emperor by the Praetorian Guard almost immediately after Caligula is killed. Demetrius is taken to a small house, where he is surprised to find Lucia\'s body, lying on a bed. He finds out that she never had died, after all, but that when he prayed for God to save her, her sudden coma had accomplished her rescue. Now, months later, she is still unconscious. Demetrius realizes he has made a mistake, prays to the Christian God after placing the robe on Lucia\'s body, and she wakes up. Soon after his installation, Claudius says that he is neither a god, nor would he likely become one anytime soon. Claudius says that he maintained the appearance of being weak to survive Caligula\'s rule, and that he would now take on the role of Emperor to the best of his ability. He gives Demetrius his final orders as a Tribune, to go to Peter and the other Christians, and tell them that as long as they do not act against the Empire that they have nothing to fear from Claudius. Messalina re-vows her constancy to her husband. Demetrius and Glycon  take the robe to Peter, and they leave the Imperial palace together.'] ['In the beginning of the film, Demosthenes is agitating for war to resist Philip II\'s takeover of Greek city-states. While Philip II is leading a campaign to take over Olynthus, he is informed that his spouse Olympias has born him a son whom she claims is "a god born of a god." Philip is angry because he suspects that Olympias has committed adultery and that she was not impregnated by a god; however, General Parmenio advises the king to let Alexander grow up and succeed him. Alexander grows older and receives instructions in history, mathematics, logic, and other subjects from Aristotle in Mieza. Alexander is eager to rule and tells his tutor that like Achilles he would rather have a "short life with glory" than a "long life of obscurity." Philip then decides to send Alexander to the Macedonian capital, Pella, as a regent to rule the city while Philip is away fighting wars. This was done to prevent Olympias from spreading rumors about her husband\'s death. Alexander uses this opportunity to rule in his own right—he becomes neither a pawn of his mother nor his father. Alexander later joins Philip and they go on campaigns of conquest together to take over places such as Athens in the Battle of Chaeronea in 338 BCE. After the battle is won, Alexander demands that no Greek city-state ever bear arms against Pella and that they supply men, arms, and ships for the war against Persia. Philip II divorces Olympias accusing her of "unfaithfulness" and marries Attalus\'s niece Eurydice thereby making her the new queen. This move creates a chasm between Alexander and his father not only because Alexander\'s mother has been repudiated but also because his succession hangs in the balance since some men in Philip\'s court see him as a bastard. Pausanias, a loyal friend of Alexander, assassinates Philip II whereupon Alexander kills Pausanias then and there. At this juncture, Alexander claims the loyalty of all Macedonians and assumes the titles of his father, and he tells all Macedonians that the Treaty of Corinth still stands. Memnon is exiled for not pledging his loyalty to Alexander. Alexander embarks on his mission to conquer the whole of Asia. Memon, who is now in Darius III\'s court, advises him to retreat strategically and attack Alexander when his supplies run out. However, the lords of Persia underestimate the "boy" Alexander and resolve to fight him at Granicus. After the victory at Granicus, Alexander goes to Phrygia and unravels the knot made by King Gordius by cutting it. Before the battle in Babylon, Alexander states that the lunar eclipse which some of his men thought was a bad omen means that "the Persian moon will be eclipsed by the Macedonian Sun" with which Aristander the seer agrees. After victory in Babylon, Darius III flees to the Caspian Gates to build and gather up an army; the dispirited commanders of Darius III kill him. In his will, Darius tells Alexander, "Take my daughter, Roxane, for your wife...that our worlds may become as one." Alexander then orders the lords of Persia that had committed regicide to be impaled upon stakes for their betrayal against their former kings. At a drunken revelry in Babylon, Alexander declares, "I am the son of God"  and "the world is my domain....We will march to the end of the world." In Athens, news reaches that Alexander is in India and is conquering there whereupon Aeschines proclaims, "He has outdone the gods." Alexander takes his status to heart, his arrogance and paranoia increasing to unstable proportions, but the bold young leader\'s conquests come to an end after he kills his close friend, Cleitus, with his spear after a drunken argument. Grief-stricken and humbled, Alexander returns to Babylon from India, losing many of his men in the process. He marries Roxane at Susa, but falls ill soon after. When asked upon his deathbed to whom he will leave his empire, Alexander whispers, "To the strongest."'] ["In the late second century C.E., the Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius fights to keep Germanic barbarians from invading his northern territories. His deputies are the Greek ex-slave Timonides  and the stern and honest general Gaius Livius. Livius has close connections with the imperial family, being the lover of Aurelius' philosopher daughter Lucilla and a friend of her brother Commodus. Nevertheless, he is amazed to hear that Aurelius wants to make him his heir. Despite his military obligations the emperor has egalitarian ideals, dreaming of a day when Rome grants equal rights to men of all nations. He knows that he will not live to achieve this end, and trusts Livius to do so more than his charismatic but brutal son. The discovery that his father has effectively disinherited him hurts Commodus immensely, and damages the almost brotherly relationship he had enjoyed with Livius. Aurelius summons all the governors of the Roman empire to his headquarters, intending to announce Livius' future accession. Before he can do so he is poisoned by Commodus' cronies, who hope to secure their own political future by putting their friend on the throne. Sure enough, Livius feels that a non-aristocrat such as himself would never be accepted as emperor without Aurelius' explicit backing; he lets his old friend take the position instead. Commodus, who was not part of the murder plot, is left feeling helplessly angry at his deceased father. He dedicates himself to undoing all Aurelius' policies; this involves blatant favoritism towards Rome and Italy, which are enriched by ferocious taxation of the provinces that were to be their equals. Meanwhile Livius' army scores an important victory on the frontier, capturing the German chieftain Ballomar and his aides. Timonides wins the Germans' trust by successfully undergoing an ordeal, having his hand thrust in a fire; with his help, Livius decides to put Aurelius' policy into effect despite disapproval from Commodus. Lucilla helps convince Livius to defy the emperor, since she loved her father as much as Commodus hates him. A speech by Timonides persuades the Roman Senate to let the German captives become peaceful farmers on Italian land, thereby encouraging their fellow barbarians to cooperate with Rome instead of fighting it. Commodus is furious, and sends Livius back to his frontier post in what is effectively a sentence of banishment. Lucilla is forced to go to Armenia, with whose king she shares a loveless political marriage. Commodus is compelled to recall Livius in order to put down a rebellion by Rome's eastern provinces. When he arrives at the sight of the unrest, Livius is horrified to find that Lucilla is behind it. She tries to persuade him to join her in making a splinter state, free of her brother's influence, but he feels that Roman civilization will collapse if it is broken into pieces. The issue is settled in an unexpected manner when Lucilla's husband calls in Rome's archenemy Parthia to help the rebelling forces fight Livius. The sight of the dreaded Parthian cavalry so panics the defecting Romans that they go back over to Livius, swelling his army and allowing him to score an immense victory. The king of Armenia is killed, and Commodus sends word that Livius is to be made joint ruler of Rome. The condition for this reward, however, is that Livius is to wreak hideous punishments on the populations of the disloyal provinces. Rejecting this latest piece of brutality, Livius and Lucilla take their army to Rome and order Commodus to abdicate. He responds by bribing away the soldiers' loyalty and massacring Timonides and the population of the German colony . The fawning Senate declares Commodus a god, and Livius and Lucilla are sentenced to be burned alive as human sacrifices to the new deity. This victory for Commodus is accompanied by a terrible private discovery-- he is not of royal blood, being the product of illicit sex between his promiscuous mother Faustina Minor and a gladiator. His mind unhinged by this, Commodus makes the bizarre decision of challenging Livius to a duel for the throne. The two fight with javelins in the Roman Forum, and Livius eventually runs Commodus through. The Senate hastily offer to make Livius emperor, but he refuses; the Roman government is now too corrupt for him to fix. He slips away with Lucilla, leaving Commodus' old advisers to bicker about who will take the emperor's place. A voice-over epilogue states that this political infighting continued for the rest of Roman history, leading to the imperial government's eventual collapse."] 